1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
995?
of the world. I would learn from her exam-
ple ; I would he taught by her result what the
benefit will be to this country. Go anywhere'
to these islands of the Pacific which are king-
doms in themselves and there is England's
flag; the P. and B. line, as it is called, is
seen everywhere, and to-day from Ceylon
to Australia (a. distance not half as great as
the distance that this line proposes to sail) has
a subsidy from the English Government of
more than a million. So it is everywhere.
When the British steamers first ran there, the
fare to England was $600 in gold. Since this
line has appeared, it is but $350, and it now
takes passengers from Australia to England._
The people there, then, are awake to this
matter, and from every island which the steam-
ers touch the words of encouragement come
up and the hope unbounded that this great
Government will take hold of this, sure to
make it a success, and that they will be saved
seven thousand miles in distance from there to
the European world.
Sir, there are other reasons why this coun-
try should adopt this policy at this time. We
have already one great artery of communica-
tion across our own continent and two others
in the course of construction. Who does not
foresee and who can help to observe the
tendency of the trade of these great islands?
It is the nearest course they will choose if that
course can be made permanent and one upon
which the producers can rely; and their course
is by our line and over our continental rail-
ways.
Sir, it wakes an echo from the vital chord
of this country. What is that? Your mechan-
ical industries will be touched as if by magic
by the permanent establishment of this route,
and in this country machinery will be quick-
ened, its energies encouraged, and its cotfers
filled. But, sir, the propensity seems to be, as
soon as this subject is discussed, not to take
what I call the view of statesmen, but to look
at it in the light of local prejudices. My hon-
orable friend from Michigan, the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce, when we talk
of establishing this line, gets up here, and tells
us that there are persons who propose to do it
cheaper. I have no doubt of that. If Eng-
land cannot get the whole of this trade directly,
she will get it by indirection, through American
agents. That effort is being made now. Hence,
you see a proposition to do the service cheaper.
But England never thought of establishing a
line there until this energetic American citizen
established his. They then saw the danger
their commerce was in, and, quick to the res-
cue, they now propose to put their ships, ay,
and their flag, upon the ships that control and
command the Pacific commerce. Against that
I would guard. I call the attention of Sen-
ators to it. We never shall magnify our com-
mercial importance under any flag but our
own. Sir, every ship is a missionary and
every flag a church. If American commerce
would be great, let it be in our own bottoms
and under our own flag. If you would build
up and nurture this third great element neces-
sary in a nation's greatness, subsidize the lines
that carry your commerce abroad.
I assert here now that the subsidy we gave
the China line has more than almost twice
paid tor itself. I assert that that line of com-
munication, that steams right off six thousand
miles across the mightiest ocean in the world, is
to-day filling the coffers of your custom-house
with large increases of money. Subsidize the
line to Australia, and you will have then two
great outlets of Australasian and Asiatic com-
merce at your command; and *e will hold
that command if the nation act wisely. It has
got too late in the day to ridicule this idea ox
permanent and extensive commerce, it is
the great depository from which we draw our
wealth. It. comes full of living life and pro-
gri ss. It returns tenfold what we give for its
encouragement.
Mr. President, it is no easy job to gain the
precedence which I have anticipated. It is
the earnest work of a nation who are planting
in faith that grain of mustard seed which will
prove to be shelter to us as the future comes
along. It is that little seed that was planted,
which has overshadowed the earth. For an
instant, Mr. President, contemplate a sea as
large as almost all the land of the world, open
to our commerce, washing our shore, while
every wave seems to bear to us on its shining
surface the rich rewards which lie beyond and
within our grasp. There is Japan, fast open-
ing out to the world immense resources for
commerce with the western nations; and there
is China, with her three or four hundred million
people, waiting to send us the fruits of the sun;
and we sit back here doubting whether it is
best to seize upon this opportunity or to wait
until the British flag shall cover that sea as
thoroughly and triumphantly as it now covers
the Atlantic.
Sir, I saw nine vessels start from the port
of New York last year for Europe, and the
American flag was not seen upon them. I
said to myself and I ask the Senate of the
United States to-day, should that be so 1 One
million more advanced to Collins would have
substituted our flag in the place of the now
ruling flag of the seas. Our mails to-day are
transported from New York in British bot-
toms and under the British flag. This should
not be so. For the honor and character of
this nation it should not be so. I have been
looking around with careful anxiety to see
where the remedy lies.
It is said that the British build better ships
than the Americans, and firmer and longer
ships. I deny it, and I deny it from statis-
tics. I deny that mortal man was ever made
anywhere whose skillful mechanical hand can
beat American citizens. They have genius,
they have energy, they have progress; and
every blow they strike bears the image of a
determined people. Last year the Senator
from Michigan said that these were old hulks.
I tread now on dangerous ground. I know
with what ferocity he is coming after me, but
I stand here to declare to him and to you that
three better ships do not float the ocean than
Mr. Webb has upon this line. I stand here to
put the certificate of the insurance masters,
stamped with their A No. 1, against the asser-
tion of the honorable Senator that they were
old hulks. I stood but a few weeks ago on the
wharf in San Francisco, and I saw the Dakota,
that had just faced the winds for eleven thou-
sand miles, come proudly into the port, and
I saw her arranging to go out, and I saw load
after load of American machinery—mowers and
all varieties of machinery—filling her deck. It
was a new avenue; it never existed before ; but
if that is done in the green tree, what will not
be done in the dry? It this feeble effort, as it
is claimed to be, has produced such a wonder-
ful change, what will be done when it comes
to be established, upon a basis that cannot be
rocked, and upon the basis of the confidence
of the trading community? I shall therefore
assume that these ships are good one3, and
that the birth of the enterprise amounts to
genius in putting on the line, and that the
energy of him who has done it is entitled at
least to the fair consideration of his fellow-
citizens in their legislative halls.
Then what is the history of this case pre-
cisely? About twenty months ago Mr. Webb,
of the city of New York, put this line to
Australia on the Pacific waters with not one
dollar but his own. With no desire to do
anything but to open, as I have no doubt, a
profitable intercourse with these people, ne
turned the first prow of a ship steaming in
power to Australia. In passing you go by the
Honolulu and the Sandwich islands, you take
in all the islands down until you get, to the
lower portion of Now Zealand, and then for
two thousand miles they head for Australia,
and whom do they meet there ? Australia has,
ceased to be a-penal colony. It is greater in*
population now than many kingdoms; they
are an English-speaking people, speaking our
own language, and panting for this communion <
in commerce. Our flag was even hailed by
them with delight, for they saw in it a new
avenue of trade, and an elastic, bounding
vigor in the process. It is to such a people,
and people of not so much consequence as
they, that our ships will touch along this line
until the cannibal will hunt in his mountain
fastness and the standard of the Cross will'
stand where now the standard of the Pagan;
stands.
Sir, in every point of view, as this case is'
considered, it grows, it magnifies, till I am.
lost in the contemplation of the future. There-
fore, let it not be said that this is a doubtful,
experiment. After what we have seen with
our own eyes and-after consulting history so
far as it pertains to this point, as far back as.
commerce itself, you see that the nation which,
has subsidized its exterior commerce when it
was necessary has grown rich, and holds the
helm of the ship of the world. It is to that
greatness, it is to that commanding standpoint
that I would have my country go. I would
not have her too wise over the dollars in her
coffers in the present, but I would have her
reach into the future when our foreign com-
merce will bear the burden of our country and
let up the struggling industries of the people.
I have said that this was no new experi-
ment. It is not. We have tried it and de-
monstrated it by this very line itself. Let me
read:
"More attention has been given to eompond a.
statement of our imports from Australia, from the
fact that the whole valuo of imports from Australia
and New Zealand for theyear previous to the estab-
lishment of steam communication amounted only
to $278,964; and the duties collected from the entire
amount were only $28,000. That our manufactories
can supply the three million Anglo-Saxon people
of those islands is evidenced by the cargoes shipped
irom Boston and New York during the ono month
of October, 1872. Not a steamship of this line leaves
San Franciseo tor Australia and the islands of the
Pacific but carries away the productions of Ohio,
Michigan, Indiana, Iowa, ana Illinois, as well as
our eastern States. Thecolony of New South Wales
has a population, exclusive of aborigines, greater
than that of our Pacific States and Territories com-,
bined. Victoria has a population neaiiy double that
of New South Wales. Chicago and St. Louis are
nearly five thousand miles nearer Australia than
Liverpool. ,, „ ..
"The present American or Webb line of mail
steamships has been in operation eighteen months',
making thirteen round voyages per year, 111 direct
competition with that powerful monopoly, the-
'Peninsular and Oriental* Steamship Company,
subsidized by the Government of Great Britain
$1,025,000 per annum fora four-weekly mailservice.
You see, Mr. President, what this line has
got to battle with, what it has got to overcome.
We have the nearest way for their products to
the markets of Europe. We have the facility
for carrying those products ; and if we do that,
we not only add to our grandeur, but we add
to the material wealth of our own internal
communication. It seems to me, therefore,
that there never was a people so well situated
to do what was best to do, and do it now, as the
American people at this moment. We have
not only to rely upon our external but our in-
ternal commerce, and here we can swell the
volume of that internal commerce beyond the>
calculation of man.
Who is going to hold in check the American
energies on the Pacific coast? To whose bene-
fit will it accrue if those advantages are seized-
while the bud is yet opening? What prudent
man will say that we ought to run the hazard
of allowing other nations to seize them and
pay tribute to them rather than sec our own
ships and our own flag bearing the rich trophies
of foreign countries?
Sir, as an American I am astounded that
any man can doubt 011 this subject. 1 have
given this subject a great deal of reflection,
and I wonder how any one can differ with me.
Suppose these tire not ships of lour thousand
tons burden. My friend from Michigan has
