1956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
acquaintance with waters other than those of
t he Pacific, which are always pacific, he would
be more disposed to grant these appropriations
for lights. Let me remind him that a few years
ago we succeeded,in gmtiing an appropriation
for a light-house at Big Point Aii Sable on
Lake Miohigan,- where every season from two
to five vessels had gone ashore and become a
total loss, the loss of one vessel being enough
to pay for the-whole expenditure of the light-
house ; and let me tell him as a tact that no
vessels have beea lost' there since th*t light-
boose was built. While it is located in Michi-
gan, it serves the interest <Jf the whole com-
merce of the inland lakes.
Take the crfsse of- this light-house on Isle
Koyal; it dot oaly subserves the silver, but
the copper and icon interests of that region.
•While we hold those mimes in our territory,
the capital to work them is in other Slates.
The loss occasioned by the destruction of one
vessel is double the Amount that we vow ask
inthis appropriation!. If the chairman of the
committee could be placed on the deck of one
of 'those vessels amid a storm near one of
these places where they go to pieces, I think
we should not base 30 much difficulty in ap-
pealing to his tenderness ; I do not think he
would oppose such appropriations longer. I
hope this clause will be retained in the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Only last fall a valu-
able ship was wrecked at the place where it
is now proposed to build a light-house-. No
lives Were lost, but there were quite a number
of people on board and they came very near
losing their lives. " The whole commerce of
Duluth passes within range of this light. I
hope that amendment will not be agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on striking out this paragraph.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was on page 38, to
strike out Hues nine hundred and twenty-four
and nine hundred and twenty-five, in the fol-
lowing words:
For building alight-house at Port Austin, Saginaw
bay, 810,000.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I should like to
hear the views of the chairman of the commit-
tee on this amendment. Why is it proposed
to strike out this appropriation ?
Mr. SAWYER. I will say to the Senator
from Michigan that there is no estimate for
this work or for the other one of which men-
tion was made a few moments since, but they
were put into the bill by the House. There is
no estimate of the Light-House Board for either
of them in the book of estimates. If there is
any special communication on the subject it
has not come to the hands of the Committee
on Appropriations, neither the Isle Boyal one
or this one to which reference is now made.
That was the reason why they were struck out.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am sure that in the
Secretary's estimates for this year the Sen-
ator will find both these lights.
Mr. SAWYER. I assure the Senator that
I have just this moment looked over the esti-
mates, and I cannot find either of them.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am so assured by &
colleague of mine from the other House who
.lias examined it; I have not.
Mr. SAWYER. I have the book before
jam, and it makes no mention of either of
them.
• Mr. CHANDLER. There are $40,000 esti-
mated for a series of lights around Saginaw
bay. The light that you now propose to strike
out is the only light on Saginaw bay. An ap-
propriation of $40,000 was recommended for
a series of light in that bay. This is $10,000
of that amount. The commerce of Saginaw
bay is perfectly enormous, including over four
hundred million feet of lumber alone and some
two or three million barrels of salt, besides an
enormous amount of other articles, and this is
the only light you have to the outer entrance
of the bay.
Mr. COLE. We must be governed to some
extent by the information of those whose spe-
cial duty it is to determine these matters. We
have a Light-House Board of very skillful offi-
cers who are looking over all our coasts, both of
the ocean and of the lakes, and giving full atten-
tion to this subject. As proof of that, we have
only to look at the bills that pass here every
year for the construction of new light-houses.
They are giving full attention to tnis subject,
and I am satisfied, and I have no doubt the
Senate is, that they would have made some
recommendation in regard to this light on Sagi-
oaw bfty if it had been nee*fe<L I presume there
are some lights there now. If there are not,
they would have been recommended. I as-
sure the Senator that there is no recommenda-
tion for this light-house nor for any light about
Saginaw bay, Saginaw bay not being men-
tioned m the book of estimates.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Will the Sena-
tor allow me to ask him a qaestion right there?
Mr. COLE. Certainly.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask him whether
the recommendatiop is not an aggregate amount
of $40,000 for Saginaw bay? I sent to the
chairman's desk for the purpose of getting that
report. It is not to my hand now, nor is it on
the table; but I understand that the Light-
House Board have recommended $40,000 for
Saginaw bay, and this is but $10,000 of that
amount. The chairman may say that for this
specific place the board have not asked an
appropriation from the fact that they have
not designated the spot; but for the bay
$40,000 has been recommended and we ask
for $10,000 of that.
Mr. COLE. I only look at the regular esti-
mates that are furnished from the Depart-
ment of which this Light-Houser Board is a
part. The Treasury Department every year
furnish to Congress a book of estimates for
these works, and it is presumed that they have
included in their voluminous estimates all the
works of this character that are really needed;
and I assure the Senator I do not find in the
regular book of estimates, certainly not in the
index, anything of the character that he
alludes to.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I will call the
attention of the chairman to the fact that the
Light-House Board have recommended more
than double the number of light-houses for
which appropriations have been provided in
this bill. My attention was called to that sub-
ject, and at certain points where I deemed
them not of such great importance at the
present time, I surrendered and made no op-
position to their being stricken out. But now
the chairman proposes to cut out the $10,000
of the estimate of $40,000, which is all the
bill contains for that bay. If he will recur to
the estimates he will find that several localities
estimated for by the Secretary were thrown
out of the House bill. I have no right to
speak -of what occurred In the House, but I
can state that before the bill reached the Sett-
ate several places that had been recommended
by the Department were left out. Of that we
do not complain; but when out of estimates
amounting to $40,000 for the whole of Sag-
inaw bay the House has appropriated $10,000,
a bare pittance compared with the large sums
appropriated for light-houses elsewhere, it
seems straining a point for the chairman to
except to this small appropriation.
Mr. COLE. I am aware that there were
estimates made for a great many light-houses
that have not been incorporated in the bill;
some that were regarded as less meritorious
were left out; but I am notaware of any being
incorporated in the bill except these two that
we have alluded to, which were in the book of
estimates.
The Senator wonders that I should oppose
a small appropriation, as he calls it, of $10,000
for this light ; but let me call the attention of
the Senator to the fact that if they can break
up a bill by proposing amendments which may
spring from the desires or notions of any Mem-
ber of the body, or of particular persons sug-
gesting points to the members of the body, we
shall feel ourselves utterly unsafe in relying
on the estimates, and shall be in all manner
of difficulty in a little while. We ought to be
governed by rules in this matter: we ought to
be governed by authority in this matter, and
not strike out blindly, and blindly make ap-
propriations for objects that we know nothing
about, and concerning which there has been no
survey and 110 recommendation.
Mr. SAWYER. I rise to correct a misap-
prehension which has grown out of the fact
that these two places are called in the book
of estimates by different names. I am informed
and have reasons to believe the information is
correct, that the light house here is called in
the book of estimates the light-house on Pas-
sage Islands, the Passage Islands light-house
being on a part of the island known as "Nine-
ty-one," and for that there is an estimate of
$18,000 submitted by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
With regard to the other upon Port Austin,
Saginaw bay, for which $10,000 is appropri-
ated, I am assured that it is a light station
described by the book of estimates as "a light
station between Fort Graiiot and Point Aux
Barques," and for that an estimate is submit-
ted of $35,000, of which $10,000 is put in.
The impression obtained by the committee
that there was bo estimate arises from the
fact that in the book of estimates they are
called by different names, but these are two
points which are referred to in the book of
estimates.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is so.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator makes no
point by that if they are the same light-houses.
The sums differ very materially in the bill from
those he speaks of as under some other name,
and I think he must be mistaken in presuming
that some other places are meant besides those
named in the bill.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. One word more,
and I have done. I share with the Senator
from California a disposition to economize
in this bill, and in this matter of light-houses,
out of three, I have surrendered one. I in-
vited the attention of the committee to a point
of importance, Mackinac. I think it is from
this fact, that the name- "Mackinac" was in-
serted in connection with the L'Arise light-
house that the committee thought it would not
do to make an appropriation to put a light-
house in that place. Some of the committee
expressed their desire to cut down the ex-
penses as much as possible, and I surrendered
that point, from the fact that there is one estab-
lished at old Mackinac, and we can get along
at Mackinac with one for the present. Here-
after I shall press that a little more pertina-
ciously. I surrendered one third, and I have
shown in that a disposition to go with the
chairman in economizing; and I hope he will
now reciprocate by withdrawing all further
opposition, and allowing this $10,000 to be
appropriated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment striking out the appropria-
tion for a light-house at Port Austin.
The amendment was rejected.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment was in line nine hun-
dred and twenty-seven, to strike out the words
"in addition to former appropriations for a
fog-signal, $12,000," and insert "$22,000,
and the amount heretofore appropriated for a
fog-signal at said point shall revert to the
Treasury;" so as to make the clause read :
For a light-house at Point Huenome, Santa Bar-
bara channel, California, $22,000, and tho amount
heretofore appropriated for a fog-Mgual at &aid
point shall revert to tho Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine hundred
and thirty-two, after the word "California"
