996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
grown so vast in commerce that a ship any-
thing short of four thousand tons is nothing
in his estimation. In ray opinion, a ship of
twenty live hundred tons is far better for
this business. It is a compact little ship, and
while the waves of the Pacific ocean in their
power, when the storm king is abroad, will make
your four thousand ton ship jump, a ship of
twenty-five hundred tons will ride with perfect
safety and ease. It is not the weight of the ship,
but the manner of her construction that gives
safety. The important point in this commerce
is not the bulk tbat you carry, but the time
that you make. This line to day keeps three
steamers afloat all the time, never ceasing to
bnrn coal. It will take five vessels to run it,
keeping one extra ship; and when that line-
is established, with the known fact that the
Government stands behind it, you will see the
British flag drawn off and yield, as it should
do, the commerce of the Pacific to the enter-
prising citizens of this country, whose ocean
I can almost say it is.
Mr. President, twenty months ago this ener-
getic New York man, who rose from an ap-
prentice boy up, who in every phase of com-
mercial life has risen among those who were
supposed to be invincible and become their
equal and superior in the construction of ships,
put this line afloat, and he has been paying,
paying, paying, from his own pocket, with but
small returns till recently for this experiment.
It is not to what these ships carry that I
look for the reward of the establishment of
this line. Their freights must necessarily be
light. Such long voyages forbid the idea of
their becoming great carriers of merchandise.
That is not the good to be realized. The im-
mediate benefit will be to change the current
of trade this way; that agents from Europe
and our own country will go there and purchase
and return. It is that life-giving principle to
commerce. The great object now is to open
this trade and establish the fact that this line
is to run as long as the waves roll. That is
the point. Hence you see in New York to-day
four or five ships up i'or cargoes to Australia,
and in Australia cargoes up for New York.
They come there and purchase and seek the
necessarily cheaper mode of conveying their
products and purchases. But, sir, the battle
is won, we are the conquerors, when we get
them to make their current of commerce this
way. Bee the indorsement that England gives
this line. She sends her mail for Australia
now entirely this way. Two hundred and fifty
or two hundred and sixty bags of it went over
the railroad last week. Why? Because it is
the quickestand most certain line of transport-
ation. Why does she not put them into her
own ships and send them by the Suez canal?
Because it takes ten, fifteen, or twenty days
more time, and time in the commercial world
is the great point. That is the great object of
establishing this line of communication. It is
to show them that they can ship across this
continent from San Francisco by internal lines
of commerce to better advantage than they
can send all the way around. Taking the two
national projects into view, our great lines of
internal commerce demand that tins should
be done. But when I speak of the lines of
internal commerce, I speak not of their own
advantage. Whatever follies or wickedness
they may have been guilty of, yet all pale
before the indescribable advantages to be
secured by a toiling, growing people. It is of
some consequence to the public that they
should be supplied.
But Senators say no. Let me ask them,
who would now take baek the China subsidy?
That company have been unfortunate in their
ships. More than three millions of their
money have found their way to the bottom of
the sea—not becausc they were not good
ships, for better ships never floated under any
flag. But what has already been accomplished
by that line ? Already the China trade is ours
to a great extent. The proudest triumph that
our nation can achieve will be to be hailed as
the pioneer in commerce. I would have this
nation continually opening new discoveries.
I would sound every harbor where commerce
was likely to exist. I would have my pilots
familiar with every sea, and in that way estab-
lish a reputation for mastery in the commerce
of the world.
Sir, the effect of the establishment of this
line has been magical. When we had this
subject under discussion last year, the hue
and cry was that there was no commerce there.
That argument was considerable of a deadener;
but it will be remembered that I asked if there
would not be soon, and my friend from Con-
necticut [Mr. Buckingham] undertook to
establish the fact that there was nothing but
gum and a little wool there. Now, sir, that
gum and that wool have grown very largely,
as I will show you from the figures of the im-
ports from these countries:
Imports from Australia and New Zealand, into the
port of San Francisco, for the quarter ending March
31,1872, with their value and duties collected thereon,
Australia iMid New Zealand, value   $702,765 00
Duties collected thereon  230,320 09
T. G.PHELPS. Collector, &o.
Imports from, the following countries located on the
route of the Auslnclian steamship line, for the six
month* ending September 30,1872, to the port of San
Francisco.
Island of Tahiti, (French possession,)
Valuo of total importations  $162,888 00
Duties oollectod thereon  803 10
Australia, (British.)
Value of total importations  583,249 00
Duties collected thereon  271,989 68
Sandwich Islands.
Value of total importations  543,870 00
Duties collected thereon   184,889 31
Total value of imports for six months...$l,290,007 00
Duties oollected thereon $457,682 09
THOMAS B. SHANNON, Collector, &c.
I read these statistics to show, as I repeat,
that the effect of the establishment of this line
upon the commerce of those countries has
been perfectly magical. Of success, if the
line is properly subsidized, the weakest can-
not doubt; of more than success, the bolder
can be proud.
What objection is there to this measure?
It is said that somebody will do this service
cheaper. My friend from Michigan called on
us the other day not to bring this bill up be-
cause there was a proposition pending to do
the work cheaper. Sir, there are two ways to
do things; one is a direct, open, manly way,
and the other is by indirection. I tell you,
sir, the commercial world in England is view-
ing with great interest and anxiety the delib-
erations of the Senate to-day. They have
their agents here, they are under this very
roof now, watching to see what headway is
being made in this policy of subsidizing Ameri-
can shipping. They will do it cheaper. Of
course they will, for then they would save a
part of their subsidy at home by getting the
balance of it from our own commerce.
Never while I live will I consent to make
the flag of England more arrogant on the ocean
aud our own weaker and more effeminate. Sir,
there is a national pride mingled m this con-
troversy. I speak lor the honor and the glory
of my own country. I would not disparage
England's commerce, but her seamen should
enter upon an equal footing with our own. Upon
this point I feel an unusual anxiety. I know how
stealthily, how long, and how successfully she
has battled for the triumph of her commerce.
I know that no means will be left undone to
try to beat us at our own game, so that she may
become the recipient of our own subsidy.
Against that, as an American, I protest; and,
in favor of building up our own commerce, I
pray for wisdom on the part of the action of
the American Senate.
But we are told it may not pay. For four
or five years the outlay must be heavy, the
risks great, the courage manly, that undertakes
this work. Suppose it should not pay for four
or five years, and the Government should
expend half a million a year in order to keep
it in sailing trim; by and by the full harvest
will come ; by and by will be registered under
our flag the exports of India and of Australasia,
and then we shall reap more than a reward.
But Senators may say to me, " Why do you
trouble yourself about this measure?" Sir, I
live in a State where there is hardly water
enough to drink, [laughter;] and yet that State
is a part of this great sisterhood of States. I
live in a State that is proud of our nation. I
represent a constituency that seek not alone
for their own elevation, but consider them-
selves responsible for the carrying out and
perfecting of this great system of government
which we have undertaken. Why should I
not, then, feel as much interest in this ques-
tion as any other Senator on this floor? Mr.
President, (Mr. Stevenson in the chair,) you
and I have reached that point in life where,
were it not for the future aggrandizement of
this nation, we should almost lose our interest
in it. But, sir, we plant these principles in
faith, knowing that our children and our chil-
dren's children will reap a rich reward. The
man whose head is whitened for the grave has
no excuse for not planting the tree that will
grow fruit for his children, and the man who
does not do it is regardless of his duty as a
man, and especially of his duty as a statesman.
Our fathers who built this edifice did not live
to see it finished, nor did the generation who
succeeded them. And yet the institutions of
this country stand. We shall be dead, and
our children and children's children will help
to perfect this mighty work. What we plant
now in faith will be reaped by them in joy.
The little seed that the nation gives now to aid
our trembling and tottering commerce will
come back a hundredfold, and our children
will bless us for giving it. I repeat, sir, I
plant myself upon this principle, and plant
the principle itself in an undying faith that our
children will reap a richer reward from it than
from any other investment that our country
can make.
I have said about all that I desire to say on
this question at the present time. I shall
await the thoroughly prepared speech of my
friend from Michigan aud his statistics. I
assert, however, that I stand upon statistics
that cannot be shaken. I invite my friend
from Connecticut to reproduce the statistics
tbat he presented last year, with such additions
as they have received since, just as the little
withe that you once carried in your hand
becomes more than a sturdy sapling in the
course of time. When these Senators have
given their views on the subject, and presented
their statistics, I shall be prepared to answer
them. I have spoken of the great interest
involved in this measure and of the danger of
frittering away the time that we ought to grasp
now. I shall believe that the Senate will vote
with me for granting this subsidy until I hear
the contrary from their own lips; but what-
ever may be the fate of this measure, I stand
here to give my most candid judgment that
the policy which I now advocate will become
the policy of this country.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, this
is a bill to grant a subsidy for a line of steam-
ers to ply between Australia and San Fran-
cisco. It is presented in the interest of com-
merce, and I certainly feel some interest in
commerce. *1 believe, with the Senator from
Nevada, that the prosperity of this nation rests
upon the three principles of agriculture, man-
ufactures, and commerce ; and upon those as
a foundation we can build ourselves up and
become a great and mighty people. I do iiot
believe that agriculture alone will answer the
purpose. I do not believe that we can rise
