1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33
•which still has charge of the matter. But I
was actuated in what I did on that occasion of
reference by hostility to the measure, fearing if
it wenttoaselect committee, or to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, it would
meet with a more favorable reception than I
was inclined then to have it meet with. I was
gratified with the result of the vote on that
motion at the time, because I regarded it as a
demonstration of hostility on the part of the
House to the measure itself.
It is but due to justice and fairness, how-
ever, to say that I am not justified in speaking
of the Committee on Appropriations as being
hostile to the measure now, nor am I prepared
to say what the Committee on Appropriations
are likely to do on this proposition, either of
the postal telegraph or some other inter-
mediate measure, taken as between private
corporations and the Post Office Department.
It has, I admit, assumed very great proportions
before the country, and I regard it as one of
the very grave questions which we must soon
meet in some form or other. The Postmas-
ter General still persists in recommending to
us that we shall purchase the lines of telegraph
now in existence, and appropriate them to the
conclusive use of the Government, or rather
to allow the Government to assume the entire
control and management of the entire telegraph
lines of the country. That has always been
a startling proposition to me ;' and although
we are much more accustomed to bear of it
now than we -were a while ago, I am still
unreconciled to it, and desire to be classed as
being an opponent of the measure in every
form, up to the present time at least, and
nothing but some great exigency which I
believe requires us to adopt the policy rec-
ommended by the Postmaster General will
ever induce me to favor that proposition.
Therefore, while I advocate the proposition
that the Committee on Appropriations shall
continue to have jorisdiction of this subject
during what remains of the present Congress,
I shall be prepared, I think, after the expira-
tion of the present Congress to advocate its
reference to some select committee, or some
other committee of the House than the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, which can make it
more of a specialty than the Committee on
Appropriations can possibly be expected to
make it. I have no doubt in my own mind
that, whether correctly or incorrectly, there is
a public sentiment in the country growing in
favor of something of this kind, either of the
Government assuming control of the telegraph,
or of some intermediate plan by which the
Government can exercise more control than
it can do now, by which the power of the Gov-
ernment can be used £or cheapening, or in an
attempt to cheapen, the cost of telegraphic
communication between the cities of the coun-
try. Therefore, while I advocate the resolu-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means
referring so much of the President's message
as relates to that subject to {he Committee on
Appropriations, I agree with my friend from
New York that there is an incongruity in this
reference, and if it were an original question
now, as it was a year ago, I should not favor
the reference to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, but should allow it to go to a special
committee, or some other committee, there to
let it be disposed of with that greater care and
closer attention to detail than it is possible for
the Committee on Appropriations to devote to
it without neglecting some' of the business
more legitimately in the line of their duties.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to say a word be-
fore the resolutions are voted on in reference to
the special committee proposed on the subject
of our centennial anniversary. I was glad the
subject arrested the attention of the mover of
the resolutions, so that the number of the com-
mittee was increased. I think, on further
reflection, the gentleman from Massachusetts
will be satisfied to enlarge the number of that
select committee and make it still greater than
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 3.
seven. The occasion of this centennial anni-
versary is one which will awaken the highest
sensibilities and the loftiest patriotic senti-
i ments of the American people. It is a subject
the importance of which the legislative power
of the country cannot well overestimate. In
that view I should be better satisfied if a large
number was appointed on the committee, and
would suggest we have not less than thirteen,
the number of the original States, and that the
Speaker, in making his selection, shall take
one from each one of the old thirteen States,
which, in my judgment, would be eminently in
harmony with the sentiments of the people of
the whole country.
Mr. DAWES. I protest against any such
assumption on the part of the old thirteen of
superiority over their children.
Mr. MAYNARD. If I made this claim as
a Representative from one of the old thirteen,
if I was supposed to be setting up such a
claim as one of their Representatives, the gen-
tleman's remark would be germane; but it is
not so, inasmuch as I represent one of the
younger class of States.
Mr. DAWES. But of course I know that
the gentleman from Tennessee never can for-
get thaj one of the old thirteen has the honor
of being his birthplace.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman is very
kind and very considerate in his allusion to
my feelings for the land of my nativity. But
my suggestion came not from any such consid-
eration, and it is one, I am sure, which will
meet a responsive feeling on the part of those
who, as I do, represent the younger States.
We are aware that the scepter has already
departed from Judah. We are aware that the
strength of this nation is no longer with those
States which organized it. We are aware that
the center of empire has passed westward
beyond the Alleghanies. But, in celebrating
the old original act which established us as a
nation, we are brought back to the old cradle
of the country, and we are perfectly content
that the older States shall conduct the cere-
monies of the occasion, when we look back
over one hundred years to see from what small
beginnings this nation has grown. I hope that
the proposition that the committee shall be at
least thirteen in number will not be opposed,
but will be accepted in the spirit in which it
has been offered.
Mr. L. MYERS. The subject of the cen-
tennial celebration was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs of the present Con-
gress, and, as a member of that committee, I
had the honor to report the bill organizing the
centennial board of finance, which became a
taw. But I think it eminently proper that
there should be a select committee on this
matter. Congress cannot take too great an
interest in it. It is a subject whieh for the
next four years must attract largely the atten-
tion of the American people, and of foreign
nations. I therefore support the proposition
that there shall be a select eommittee. I hope
the fostering care of the Government will be
given in every proper way and on every appro-
priate occasion to what must be one of the
grandest celebrations of modern times. It is
for the House to say of what number the com-
mittee shall consist. My only object in rising
was to say—I believe on behalf of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, although I have not
had an opportunity of consulting the whole of
them, but oertainly for myself—that we do
not ask the House to keep this subject within
the confines of the Foreign Affairs Committee;
on the contrary, I believe that it will be lend-
ing additional strength to the great object we
have in view if there shall be a select commit-
tee appointed upon the question.
Mr. DAWES. I am willing to enlarge the
committee so that it shall consist of nine mem-
bers, which it seems to me will be better than
making it consist of thirteen members.
Mr. MAYNARD. Very well; let it consist
of nine members, like the standing committees.
Mr. DAWES. I would also suggest the fur-
ther amendment that there be referred to the
committee so much also of the message and
documents as relates to the centennial census
as well as the centennial celebration.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objec-
tion these modifications will be made.
There was no objection.
Mr. RITCHIE. I desire to have incorpor-
ated in the resolutions the following:
That so much of said message and documents as
relates to the allowance by the Quartermaster Gen-
eral of claims for quartermaster's stores taken dur-
ing the war be referred to a special committee of
five members.
We are all aware that in the border States
during the war there was great loss and dam-
age inflicted by the taking of quartermaster's
stores in an informal manner. The law upon
that subject now is entirely inadequate. I
had the honor to introduce a bill in regard to
it, on which this House has not yet taken ac-
tion. That bill has for its object the relief of
a large number of our citizens. In conse-
quence of the exigencies of the war, quarter-
master's stores were taken. Damage was in-
flicted on citizens for the benefit of the Army,
the Army enjoyed the benefit of it, and yet
there is no adequate provision for the relief of
those on whom that damage was inflicted.
While the claims amount to several million
dollars, the Quartermaster General has up
to this date allowed but the amount of $367,*
000. The articles taken were necessary for
the comfort of the Army, and one can readily
realize what must have been the necessities of
the armies for Instance led by General Meade
and General McClellan in their hurried cam-
paigns through the western portions of the
State of Maryland. Those armies were in
want of many supplies, and the camping of
the Army for a night devastated and destroyed
farms which the day before were pictures of
plenty.
I ask that this committee "shall take this
subject into consideration. This Congress has
already made provision looking to the adjust-
ment of claims similar in their character in
the States that seceded. I do not know why a
discrimination, for snch it practically is, should
be made against those States that did not with-
draw from the Union. This whole subject
onght to be considered. Justice should be
done, especially as the Secretary of War has
recommended that Congress shall limit the
time trithin which these claims shall be pre-
sented. I ask, then, Mr. Chairman, that the
gentleman from Massachusetts will include in
his resolutions a reference of this subject to a
select committee of five to take the whole
matter into consideration; otherwise I shall
press my amendment.
Mr. DAWES. This whole matter is now
before the Committee of Claims, and it seems
to me that that is the legitimate committee to
consider the question. I hope the gentleman
from Maryland will Consent to let it remain
with that committee. They are already con-
sidering the question. The proposition to
raise a southern claims Commission came from
that committee, and they are considering the
whole matter at the present time. It seems
hardly proper to create a special committee tc
take this branch of the subject from them.
Mr. RITCHIE. I will accept the suggestion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts if he
will specially include in his resolution of ref-
erence to the Committee of Claims this topic.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to mod-
ifying that resolution in the manner suggested.
The resolutions, as modified, were then
agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
rise and report the resolutions to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Steven-
sok reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under con-
