1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to our proper position among the nations of
the earth without commerce, and therefore
I should be very happy to aid in the adoption
of any measure that would encourage and in-
crease that branch of our industry. I do not
hesitate to say that when, a year or two since,
the gentleman who has established this line
of steamers spoke to me about it and stated
his • plans, they commended themselves in a
great measure to my judgment. I know that
he is ap honorable and an enterprising man,
and I know that if any one can accomplish the
objects that he is aiming at in that wide sea
he is the man to do it. I expresse-d an inter-
est in his object, and in consequence of the
interest that I felt, I was led to make inquiry
and examination, to see if it was possible or
practicable that the object aimed at could be
attained.
Now, sir, I am not opposed to subsidies. I
can conceive of many lines of steamers which
might be established between this and other
countries where the prospect of commerce was
so great and liable to be increased and per-
manent that I should feel justified in voting
subsidies to those lines. I have endeavored
to give an examination to this line to ascertain
if it were possible that I could vote for a sub-
sidy here; but from the information which I
have acquired I have not come to the con-
clusion that it would be either wise or right to
do so.
This is a line to run between the extreme
western portion of our country and Australia,
and the question with me is, is there a busi-
ness which can be built up between that sec-
tion of our country and Australia? Can there
be a commerce which will be permanent and
beneficial? I stated a year ago or more as a
commercial axiom—and I ask any Senator to
dissent from it and show the grounds of his
dissent if he can—that there can be no profit-
able commerce in any article between two
nations where those nations produce the same
articles in superabundance. If that is true—
and I shall not attempt to prove it, for I think
it is self-evident—then let us inquire and see
whether the superabundant productions of
California and of our Pacific coast are such as
are demanded by Australia, or if the super-
abundant productions of Australia are such as
are demanded by our western coast.
As I stated before, those productions are
alike. More gold is produced in those two
countries than in any other two in the world ;
but it does not require very large ships to
transport all the gold and all the quicksilver,
which is also a production of California, if it
should be wanted, to Australia.^ But it is not
wanted in Australia. It seeks its way to the
center of commerce, and that center is Lon-
don, and it goes from California in the same
channel until it finds its way there.
Another production is wheat—all kinds of
grain. California and the western slope of
our country is capable of producing more
grain than all this nation would consume; and
so is Australia. The time was, but two or
three years ago, when we exported grain from
California to Australia. We exported grain
from a grain-producing country to a grain-pro-
ducing country. Is not that in violation of
the principle which I have just laid down as
essential for a profitable commerce? Yes.
How, then, did it happen that there was this
exportation against the current of nature? It
was simply because on the discovery of gold
in Australia the inhabitants of that country
turned aside from the cultivation of their
fields and went to mining, and so failed to
produce as much as was absolutely necessary
for their own subsistence. It was in conse-
quence of that demand that those shipments
of grain were made from our western coast to
Australia. But, sir, those shipments have
ceased, and I think I am right when I say that
in the year 1872 the exports of grain and
breadstuff's to Australia were only $19,60-.,
against $394,000 in 1870; so that it will read-
ily be seen that the exportation of grain and
breadstuff's to Australia from our western
coast fell off one half. Was that owing to the
establishment of this line of steamers? No ;
it had no such influence; but it had just as
much influence to prevent the exportation of
grain from California to Australia as it had to
encourage the shipment of sewing machines
from the East to Australia.
I will also state that the productions of the
two countries are alike so far as they relate to
wool. That is the great article produced for
export in Australia. It is the great article
produced for export in California. While
California is producing from twenty to thirty
million pounds of wool annually, she seeks
a market here in the East; and while Austra-
lia is producing one hundred and thirty or one
hundred and forty or one hundred and fifty
million pounds of wool, she seeks a mar-
ket for it not in California but in Europe, and
there it goes abundantly.
But it is said that the establishment of this
line within the last two years has made a
change in the traffic in wool, andbroughtlarge
quantities to San Francisco and large quanti-
ties to the eastern States. The quantities
have been -largely increased, but the line of
steamers from California to Australia has had
but little to do with the increase. It did bring
a portion of wool to San Francisco which
under other circumstances might have come
direct to Boston and New York. The import-
ation of wool then was in consequence of the
disturbance of the public peace in Europe,
which diminished the increase of wool not
only there but all through the world, and
owing to the decrease of the quantity, there
sprang up a demand in Germany, after the
peace between Prance and Prussia, and in all
the manufacturing districts in England, and
in all the manufacturing districts in the eastern
section of our own country, which was an
anomaly such as had not occurred since I have
been engaged in business. It led manufactu-
rers to combine and send their agents to South
America, to Bombay, to Australia, if so be
they could get that article which they felt would
be scarce, and which they must have in order
to prosecute their business. It was under this
stimulus that the importation of wool increased
in 1872 largely; so that in California alone
the importation of wool was to the amount of
$665,000, and the importations in other ports
were $2,508,000, while in 1870 they were only
$19,000 in other ports, and nothing in Cali-
fornia.
Now, I would inquire whether this trade is
to increase? It increased, not in consequence
of the establishment of this line of steamers,
but at the time they were running, and the
steamship line had no special influence upon
it; and I say, and I should like to have the
Senator from Nevada put it down, that there
will not be imported into this country during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, one third
or one half the amount from Australia that
there was during the last year. I care not
what has been; 1 speak of the future.
Mr. EAMSEY. Why not?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Simply because the
agents of the manufacturers and merchants in
this country have ceased to send their orders
to Australia. It is found that the wool crop
in Australia is held by the London bankers,
precisely as the cotton crop in the South was
formerly held by the factors. If you went
South years ago to buy cotton you would find
that their crop was mortgaged. So the Amer-
ican citizens who have been to Australia find a
difficulty in buying of those who produce the
crops, and to-day they can buy cheaper through
London than they can in Australia directly.
Mr. NYE. That is just what I want to
change. That is the point precisely.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am very glad if
you are satisfied with it.
But it is said that this line aids the com-
merce in the East. It is perfectly evident so
far as transportation is concerned between the
East, where the products of Australia are
wanted and where Australia must get certain
supplies, that when they stop at San Fran-
cisco the work is only half done; it is only
half way from Australia to Boston so far as
the cost is concerned. A gentleman interested
in this line said to me last year that they were
having wool brought from Australia to Cal-
ifornia at forty dollars per ton; but they had
to pay thirty or thirty-five dollars, I do not
remember which, to the railroad companies,
and being obliged to pay so much to the rail-
road companies, they must have money from
the Treasury of the United States. I do not
use his words, but the idea; they must have a
subsidy in order to maintain their line and
bring this trade one half way where the other
half might aid it, so that the article could be
supplied at a reasonable price to the eastern
market.
I submit, Mr. President, that it is neither
right nor fair for us to take a subsidy from the
Treasury of the United States and place it in
the hands of any corporation when thjey can
accomplish only one half their work, and that
it would be far better to take that same money
and subsidize sailing vessels which can carry
this heavy freight cheaper than your steamers
and aid them in the commerce more direct.
It was said by the Senator from Nevada this
morning, in substance, that this line carries
passengers and that those passengers are a
great help to trade and commerce, that this
line of steamers sends agents aud brings back
orders, and that is a great advantage to trade,
and it is also said that this is a quicker and
cheaper route than any other. Is it so? I
have an article c it from a California paper,
which states that during the period these ships
have run, the average time from London to
Australia has been sixty-three days. It is a
well-established fact that the line now by the
Suez canal from London runs in forty-two
days. There is a great difference between
forty-two and sixty-three. It appears to me
to be unwise to attempt to bring men from
London over the Pacific road and by these
steamers to Australia in sixty-three days, when
the other line will carry them in forty-two
days. Passengers go the quickest route, and
when you undertake to prevent it you work
against the current, you work against the
natural law of trade, aud you can never
accomplish it.
I have in my hand what I suppose to be a
circular, signed by a representative of the
Australian line, in which he speaks of the
commerce of Australia as being very great,
and it is. The Senator from Nevada does not
magnify it too much. But that is not the
question. The question is whether we can
secure it. The Senator from Nevada holds
up the idea that it is of such vast importance
to Great Britain that she is exerting all her
energies to break down this line so that she
may secure the entire traffic. I have no reason
to dispute the statement made by this repre-
sentative when he says that the Australasian
commerce exceeds $325,000,000 per annum.
He also says that England already has ninety
per cent, of it. Then the statement is in
another paragraph which I have seen, that
England is striving to break down this com-
merce and in order to do it she is adding
another subsidy to a line by the way of the
Suez canal and paying $200,000 per annum
there to injure us.
The commerce between Australia and Cali-
fornia which my friend speaks of had increased
from $243,641 in 1870 10 $1,177,825 in 1872,
which amount is about twenty-nine per cent,
of all that comes to this country, and 'when
you compare that with the amount that goes
to Great Britain it is less than one half of one
per cent. Now, can the Senate believe-for one
