THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
regular limitation upon expenditure shall be
changed, und- Uiat hereafter so far as the
money appropriated by this act goes, which
mean# really by every aot that may be passed
h'ereaftee, because it becomes the precedent
of a courae of business, the existi g law shall
■not' apply, but that appropriations made at this
time slut I i continue'until 187*5,'to wit, two
years from this time, instead of: one year from
•this^tae; ksfthe existing- law provides. That
is the preposition. '
, Now, I sayV Mr-.. President, that that>propo<-
sition flies in the face of what the Committee
on Appropriations: has hitherto done, in the
face of what the Senate has hitherto gravely
done in order that the .'public accounts might
be scrutinized- every year and that we should
know in appropriatitiig money that there were
not oldibalances of this item.and that,.making
up So die whole great aggregates, to be ex-
pended without our knowing for-what objects,
and at what times, and how. And as I have
said, :in every other bill but this one that we
tone passed this session ,we have applied this
rule* making the grand advance that the Indian
bili jiud ihti fortification ■ bill-that 1 tiuve re-
ferred .to, being under consideration in this
sessiurnyaitd with the concession of the De-
partment® that it is the wisest'thing-to do, have
been brought under thi* rule. Now We turn
around; and say that as to the Light-House
Board Jhere shall be a different sale.
Mr. President, this is not right in my
opinioh. It is not, right, not.becanse I have
the slightest suspicion that the Light-House
Board ag now organized may not safely be en-
trusted with all the powers and responsibilities
which'we ought to intrusfato anybody, but that
it violates one of the soundest principles upon
which, the security of-the Treasury and the
woiiey of ithe people is based. That is the
.proposition* arid we oug^t not to legislate dif-
ferently for this board from tjie Other Depart-
ment's of. the,; Government, upon the ground
that- as at preseut organized and with the pres-
ent gentlemen in, its composition we may trust
it. I do hope that the committee will be will-
ing to leave. this bill just as we'have left the
fortification- bill and the Indian bill and all the
others where the appropriations, beginning as
soon as you please, shall terminate under the
existing law which regulates with great care
the time when appropriations shall lapse.
Mr. SAWYER. I understand the Senator
from Vermont to be quite willing that the
appropriations made for these specific purposes
should be made immediately available. Under
the general law they would be available till
the 30th of Jane, 1874. Under this provision
they are available until -the 30th of June,
1875. They* aue appropriations for specific
objects. We have at hand at times the means
of knowing exactly how much has been appro-
priated to a specific object. There is no prin-
ciple involved in making these appropriations
last for. Wo years that does not apply to
making them last butone year. What is there
in the* nature of the case which makes it
specially desirable that the appropriation
should be alive for just fifteen months, and
not alive for just twenty-seven months?
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator a
question ?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 will ask him in return,
why should not, then, all the other appropria-
tions last for two years '!
Mr. SAWYER. I will give the Senator a
reason why they should not. In regard to the
general expenditures of the Government, for
instance, for salaries for carrying on the mass
of the business of the Government, the accounts
going along from day to day, a«d for a great
variety of miscellaneous objects, I can under-
stand very well that we want to close the
accounts at short dates to make short settle-
ments. But where the appropriation is for a
specific object of public work, like a great
public building,-like aligat*housej or Buy of
those things which are to be completed, and
continuous work upon which is desirable, I
submit that there is not one single good reason
why we should cut off the appropriation at'any
particular day.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. Why would not the same
principle apply to all internal improvements 1
Mr. SAWYER. I hold that it applies to all
public'buildings.
Mr. LOGAN. Fortifications, rivers, har-
bors, light-houses, and everything of that
kind?
Mr. SAWYER. Until the object for which
the appropriation is made is accomplished.
Now I do not ask that; but I ask Senators
what principle is there which would cut this
appropriation off at the end of the month of
June, 1875, which should not just as well cut it
off at the end of 1874 ?
The Senator from Vermont is willing that
the appropriation shall be made immediately
available now. It runs, therefore, from the
1st of March, 1873, to the 1st of July, 1874.
That would be sixteen months. If it happened
to be made a month later it would run .fifteen
months. The period is arbitrary entirely.
We propose to make it two years for this
reason : many of the light-houses are on the
Pacific coast, at long distances from the center
of operations Mre; it takes a year and more,
frequently, to get the site selected after the
appropriation is made, and yet the site cannot
be selected until the appropriation is made.
The Light-House Board have no authority
to go on and select a site and say "we will
build a light-house there and incur that ex-
pense." More than that, you have no general
law to give a cession, of jurisdiction over the
site -from the State in which it is situated.
Sometimes the Legislature meets only bien-
nially, and you will not have an opportunity
for nearly two years to get a cession of the
jurisdiction over the site.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then appropriate after-
wards. •
Mr. SAWYER. In the mean time the wants
of commerce require light at that point.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Can you have a light till
you get the cession ?
Mr. SAWYER. You cannot have a light
till you get the cession ; but your appropria-
tion lapses before you have taken steps pre-
paratory to going on with the work.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Can you not make the
appropriation at the same time that you get the
cession ?
Mr. SAWYER. You can make it after-
ward ; but as a matter of fact this kind of work
requires .much more notice than the other
kind. Now, let me read what the Secretary
of the Treasury says about this matter :
•" Light-house works of construction cannot be
carried on safely and with economy north of Chesa-
peake bay during the winter months, nor on the
southern coast during the months when epidemics
almost aLways prevail, more or less severely."
I should like the attention of the Senate not
to what I am saying, but to what the Secretary
of the Treasury is saying on the subject.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
five minutes have expired. •
Mr. SAWYER. I ask permission to send
this to the Clerk and have it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection it will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"Light-house works of construction cannot be car-
ried on safely and with economy north of Chesapeake
bay during the winter months, nor on the southern
coast during the months when epidemics almost
always prevail, more or less severely. Besides these
drawbacks and difficulties, these works, from their
greatly exposed positions on the sea or lake coast, re-
quire not only to be built of the best and most durable
materials that can be procured, but those materials
ought not to be put together too hurriedly; and
hence, as a rule, the large and expensive structures
require a much longer time than one year to com-
mence and complete them properly, and with this
view it is earnestly recommended that all light-
bouse appropriations for special works shall in
future laws be made available for two years after
acts of appropriation and cessions of jurisdiction by
the States, provided that no appropriation shall be
available forimore than two years."
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from South
Carolina seems to forget that the fundamental
check of the legislative department upon the
executive department in the expenditure of
public money is in an annual appropriation
bill; and this is just as much prized in Great
Britain as in our own country. There the
budget of the minister, giving annualljr the
items of national expenditure during the whole
year for all classes of subjects, would no more
be departed from by any officer of the Govern-
ment than he would commit any other crime.
To violate the law of appropriation there is an
impeachable offense. So it was in our own
Government until during the war. A loose
system of bookkeeping prevailed from the
necessity of the occasion. The result was that
for some years after the war officers were in
the habit of using money for ordinary purposes
never contemplated by the legislative, author-
ity long years after the money was appropri-
ated;. and it took three years of vigilant and
determined effort in the Senate and House of
Representatives to break up that habit, and
now that it is done, I trust the Committee on
Appropriations will be the last committee in
this body to allow that rule to be departed
from.
Sir, money ought to be appropriated for the
fiscal year, so that at the end of the fiscal year
every dollar of money unexpended should be
carried into the Treasury; and ther§ is no pos-
sible ease that ought not to be embraced by
this rule. If a light-house is. needed, the
authority ought to be granted first' to get the
ground, and next the appropriation ought to
be_made, and' if contracts are made, then the
appropriation covers not only the amount ex-
pended during the year, but the amount that
will cover outstanding contracts, and beyond
that no officer ought to be allowed to go.,
The officers of the Light-House Board,
although among the most honest and intelli-
gent officers of our Government, have resisted
this, and insisted on their old-fashioned habit
more tenaciously than any other officers of the
Government. They have said that their Light-
House Board cannot be maintained upon that
system of annual appropriations. But all other
Departments of the Government have now
finally concluded that it is best to adhere to
annual appropriations. These gentlemen must
find out that they must be able to tell every year
to Congress how much they want for the current
year, and confine themselves within the amount
that we appropriate, because by law no money
can be taken from the Treasury by any officer
of the Government except in pursuance of ap-
propriations made by-law, and 'the Constitu
tion forbids us in peremptory terms from
making any apprdpriation for more than two
years for the Army. For other purposes they
may be made for a longer period of time; but
the rule of the Government and the rule of
public policy is annual appropriations and a
close scrutiny of public expenditures.
Mr. SAWYER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator from South Carolina that
he will have to ask unanimous consent, as the
rule limits each Seuator to five minutes on an
amendment.
Mr.SAWYER. Fivemiuutesoneachamend-
ment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the
rule.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask permission to say
one word in reply to the Senator from Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Senator will proceed.
Mr. SAWYER. I am very much mistaken
if the Senator from Ohio is not in a great error
when he says that this custom of appropriations
from year to year for specific objects did not
exiaf prior to the war. • The fact is, I believe,
