34
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
sideration the state of the Union generally,
and particularly the annual message of the
President of the United States, and had in-
structed him to report sundry resolutions pro-
posing to refer the same.
Mr. DAWES. I m ove the previous ques-
tion upon the adoption of the resolutions.
The previous question was seconded aud the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolutions reported from the
committee were agreed to.
new 8tbam vessels of war.
Mr. RANDALL. I have the consent of the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
to offer a substitute for the bill reported by
that committee and now pending in the morn-
ing hour, with a view to having it printed. I
do not see him now in his seat, but I did not
understand him to consent that it should be
considered as pending. I move that it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Randall's amendment is as follows:
Be it enacted, <tc„ That the Secretary of the Navy
be hereby authorized and directed to contract with
private ship-yards or builders for the construction
of not more than ten steam vessels of war, each to
carry ten or more guns of large caliber; five or more
of which shall be constructed of live-oak, which shall
be supplied by the Navy, and the others of iron, if
the Secretary decides in favor of that material for
a part of the whole number, and the models, plans,
specifications, and estimates for the aforesaid vessels
shall be procured from naval or oivil marine archi-
tects, subject to public competition, and for suitable
stipulated rewards upon advertisement, all of which
shall be submitted to a board of not less than nine 1
naval officers for approval and adoption under the
direction of the Secretary of the Navy. And after
the models, plans, specifications, and estimates—
which may be a combination of the best features of
any or all the plans, or any one of them entire—have
been approved and adopted by the aforesaid board,
and approved by the Secretary, ho may proceed to
contract under proper advertisements for the con- ,
struction of the aforesaid vessels with the lowest and
best bidder, who will give proper security for the i
faithful fulfillment of the contract in each case ; the !
vessels to be built according to the models, plans, j
specifications, and estimates approved and adopted
as hereinbefore provided for: Provided, The cost ;
shall not exceed the estimates approved by the afore-
said board.
'Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at three o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, Ac., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
Bv Mr. CHIPMAN: The petition of Samuel
T._ Ellis for compensation for use of lathe.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of Alvin Jones,
of Fabius, Onondaga county, New York, pray-
ing a pension for services in the war of 1812.
By Mr. FRYE: The petition of Joseph
Stevens and others, for amendment to the law
granting pensions to the soldiers of the war
of 1812.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Mrs. Mary
S. Prince.
Also, the memorial of John McKee.
By Mr. McCRARY: -The memorial of the
officers of the Citizens Association, of Keokuk,
Iowa, and others, praying the improvement
of the navigation of the Mississippi river.
Also, the petition of Dr. John G. Mallett,
a soldier of the war of 1812, praying a pen-
sion.
By Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania:
The petition of Rebecca Taylor, for a pen-
sion.
By Mr. WINCHESTER: The petition of
J. R. Middleton, of Greenville, Kentucky.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 5, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
Hon. George Goldthwaite, from the State
of Alabama, and Hon. Henry W. Corbett,
from the State of Oregon, appeared in their
seats to-day.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the acting
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a letter
from the Superintendent of the Census asking
an appropriation of $12,000 to supply deficien- ,
cies in the appropriation for the ninth census ; I
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be ;
printed, i
He also laid before the Senate a communica-
tion from the Secretary of War recommend-
ing that authority be granted by Congress for
the reimbursement to the appropriation for
the subsistence of the Army of the value of
certain Government property stolen by the
Comanche Indians, transferring the same from
the amount due to those Indians; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communica-
tion from the Secretary of War recommend-
ing the passage of an act of Congress author-
izing the removal of the remains of Major
General James Wilkinson, a veteran of the
war of independence, to the national ceme-
tery of the united States in the city of Mex-
ico ; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communi-
cation from the Secretary of War recommend-
ing amendments to the act of Congress
entitled " An act to authorize the sale of
certain public property," approved June 10,
1872 ; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
treasurer's accounts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
also lays before the Senate a communication
from the Treasurer of the United States, trans-
mitting quarterly accounts of general receipts
and expenditures of the United States for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1871. This docu-
ment, which is very voluminous, has not been
printed unless by the special order of the
Senate. It will lie on the table.
DISTRICT LAWS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the secretary of the
District of Columbia, transmitting four copies
of the laws passed at the fitst session of the
second Legislative Assembly of the District
of Columbia ; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. LOGAN. I present the petition of
Washington F. Grain, late lieutenant com-
pany H, fifth Illinois cavalry, praying to be
allowed a pension, which I wish to have re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions, when
appointed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The peti-
tion will lie on the table for the present, as
there are no committees.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent a petition from Mr. R. R. McBurney, and
several other citizens of New York, praying
for the passage of a prohibitory liquor law, to
be made applicable to the District of Colum-
bia and the Territories. I also present another
petition from A. M. Powell, president, and
M. F. Davis, secretary, of the New York Re-
form League, asking for a similar law; and
from the Rev. G. P. Peterson and several
other persons in Chenango county, New York,
asking for a law that shall prohibit the manu-
facture and importation of intoxicating liquors
anywhere under the jurisdiction of the Con-
gress of the United States. I ask that these
petitions lie upon the table until the commit-
tees are announced, and then I shall desire to
have them referred to the appropriate com-
mittee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The peti-
tions will lie upon the table for the present.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I present
resolutions of the Legislature of the Slate of
Vermont, aud ask to have them read.
The Secretary read the resolutions, as fol-
lows :
Joint resolution in reference to civil service and
postal reform.
Beiohcd by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, That wo cordially approve the course pursued
by the President of the United States in his patri-
otic endeavors to reform the oivil service, so that
honesty, efficiency, and fidelity shall be the essential
qualifications for public position; and we hereby
request our Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress to exert their influence to accomplish the same
object, and also to rid the Government of the abuses
of the franking privilege.
Resolved, That the secretary of State be directed
to forward a copy of this resolution to the President
of the United States, and to each of the Senators
and Representatives in Congress from this State.
FRANKLIN FAIRBANKS,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
RUSSELL S. TAFT,
President of the Senate.
The resolutions were o.rdered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. CONKLING. I present petitions and
memorials from a number of persons repre-
senting different temperance organizations in
various counties in the State of New York,
like those presented by the Senator from Kan-
sas, [Mr. Pomkroy,] and ask that they lie
upon the table, to take the direction which
may be given to those.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The peti-
tions will lie upon the table for the present.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a similar peti-
tion from the Massachusetts Temperance Com-
mission, and ask that it have the same desti-
nation.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of
Benjamin Fish, praying compensation for
horses captured by the enemy while in the ser-
vice of Major J. W. Smith, paymaster United
States Army, in the year 1863; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SCOTT. I present a petition of the
same tenor as that presented by the Senator
from Kansas, asking for the prohibition by
law of the importation of intoxicating liquors
and their sale within the United States Terri-
tories and the District of Columbia. I ask
that it lie on the table for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The peti-
tion will lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of Wen-
dell Phillips, John C. Haynes, Isaac May, and
others, citizens of Boston, praying tor the
prohibition by law of the sale and manufacture
of intoxicating liquors within the United
States ; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of
Amos Barker, praying for an increase of his
pension; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
papers withdrawn.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask that an order be
made to allow papers in the case of Emily
L. Slaughter, praying a pension due her as
the widow of Commander A. G. Slaughter,
United States Navy, from 9th September,
1853, the date of his decease, to be taken from
the tiles of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Has there
been an adverse report ?
Mr. RAMSEY. I believe not. It is an
application for a pension, and the report was
that the Pension Office already had authority
to act in the case. This lady wishes to make
• use of them at the Pension Office.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The orJ?r
will be made.
bills introduced.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1198) to amend the bankrupt laws; which
was read twice by its title, and ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
