1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1959
that when an appropriation was made for any
specific public DuIIding or other public work,
it was carried to the credit of that public work
or public building and left there till the object
to which it was appropriated was completed.
That was the course prior to the war.
The evil which grew up during the war to
which the Senator refers was the evil of trans-
ferring appropriations made for oue branch of
the service to another branch of the service,
and in that way there were immense balances
leading' to great abuse ; but there never was
any abuse particularly frorn keeping the ap-
propriations made for specific objects to the
credit of those objects. We have them com-
pletely in our control. The record is before
us at all times to show how much money has
been appropriated for those specific objects,
and it is just as completely within the control
of the Government as it is if you make up the
account on the 30th of June. It is devoted to
the public building 
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask my friend a
question if he will allow me to do so. On that
system of bookkeeping how could any Sec-
retary of the Treasury or any Congress ascer-
tain how much money was necessary to carry
on the Government in its expenditures for a
given year? It would be utterly impossible.
Mr. SAWYER. By the same principle, let
me say to the Senator from Ohio, that he
would go to work to make up his budget if he
was the minister of finance, by seeing where
his receipts were to come from. He has in
the Department of the Treasury precisely the
unexpended balances every 30th of June, and
these unexpended balances are a part of the
assets of the Government. There is no diffi-
culty whatever in it. The error in this reason-
ing is that you assume with regard to objects
of specific appropriation the same doctrine
that you have with regard to the general cur-
rent business of the Government wh'ere the
purposes are general, like the payment of
salaries and the expenditures for the Army and
Navy. Where the object is specified, where
the money cannot be diverted to any other
object, there is no earthly advantage in this
rule, but on the contrary great disadvantage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment of the committee (and I do not
make the motipn for the purpose of making
a speech, but because it is necessary to raise
this precise question) by striking out of the
amendment proposed by the committee in line
nine hundred and fifty-six the words after the
word "actthat is to say, the words "and until
June30,1875." Theprecedingamendmentspf
the committee are correct; but this amendment
to the amendment of the committee, which I
now move, laises the precise question, and
every Senator who wishes to hold all these
expenditures to the general law will vote in
favor of amending the amendment of the com-
mittee by striking out these words "and until
June 30, 1875."
The VICIfi PRESIDENT. It would sim-
plify it if the other amendments of the com-
mittee were regarded as agreed to and this
amendment were specifically stated by itself.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection the other amendments of the com-
mittee to this paragraph will be regarded as
agreed to ; and this one inserting the words
" and until June 30, 1875," will be regarded
as a distinot amendment so as to bring the
question before the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to detain the
Senate, but will merely take a moment to at-
tempt to reply to the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Treasury ; not that I desire
to criticise the Secretary of the Treasury, but
I am induced to believe by the reading of the
recommendation that it was gotten up by this
Light-House Board, that cannot be pleased by
anybody, and I desire to show how ridiculous
it is, us 1 think I can do. The recommenda-
tion is that the light-house appropriations shall
be for two years, first on account of epidendics
that might occur on account of heat in the South
atid the alarm perhaps of yellow fever or some-
thing of that kind, and the cold in the North.
Now I ask the Senator who had that read
if he has not retired to answer me this ques-
tion : is there any more yellow fever to pre-
vent persons from laboring in reference to har-
bors and rivers and improvements of that kind
than in reference to light-houses? Is there
any more ice or snow in the North to prevent
working on rivers and harbors than in regard
to light-houses? If the recommendation of
the Secretary of the Treasury is to be taken as
good in reference to light-houses, it applies
equally to appropriations that are made for all
internal improvements. I am sure that the
Senator would not desire to apply that prin-
ciple' to the appropriation of the many millions
that are made for those other objects of inter-
nal improvement.
Mr. SAWYER. I will reply to the Senator.
I would apply them where the objects are
specific.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator would apply
them wherever the objects are specific, it is
time for the Senate at once to return to the
proposition they adopted only two years ago ;
that is to require that the unexpended appro-
priations should lapse every year, so that the
Treasury of the United States may make up
its accounts and that we may all understand
them in the same way as the accounts of a
merchant or a business man are made up every
year.
Now, I do hope that this thing will not again
become the entering-wedge in our appropria-
tion bills for the purpose of allowing Appro-
priations to go beyond the fiscal year and to
be transferred and used in every possible way
as they have been heretofore. The Senate all
know how troublesome it has been, how diffi-
cult it was to stop this mode of bookkeeping
allowing appropriations to go over, money
being appropriated for one purpose and being
used for another purpose.
There is another reason why it ought to
stop. If you have an appropriation made ex-
tending for two years and it is intended that
the officers shall not exhaust it in one year,
then one year's appropriation would be suf-
ficient. If you intend that they shall ex-
haust the two years' appropriation in one year,
then the time arrives for another appropria-
tion. Hence, there is no necessity for .this
provision. Each year as it rolls around, you
can appropriate the money required for the
purpose, and no necessity can arise for ex-
tending the time to two years. I do hope
that the Senate will stand by the proposition
that they adopted only a shert time ago in
reference to all those appropriations.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not propose to argue
this question, but only to say that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations are not unanimous
in the recommendation of this amendment.
I believe in the principle advocated by the
Senator from Vermont and the Senator from
Ohio, that appropriations should be made
annually. I have myself moved in several in-
stances to strike at the permanent appropria-
tions wherever we could do it, and I think
they .should be stricken out. I do not think
they should be extended beyond the end of the
year, and do not myself support the recom-
mendations of the committee, though a mem-
ber of it
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think this
amendment is iri effect a palpable violation of
what I understood two years ago to be the well-
considered and well-settled policy of the Sen-
ate and of both branches of Congress in regard
to making appropriations, and 1 should regret
extremely that we should depart from it. I
dislike to disagree with the committee. I had
not the pleasure of being present in committee
when this was considered. I hope, therefore,
there will be uo objection to this part of the
proposition of the committer being stricken
out. J
Mr. COLE. I am only one of the commit-
tee  ' '
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I.understand
my friend to say he has no objection.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, this de-
bate is all unnecessary in my judgment. It
was the intention, as "I understood 'it, of the
committee to make immediately available'this
appropriation for light-houses and to cut'it
off at the end of the fiscal year.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If :that is the
case the words now proposed should1 be
stricken out.
Mr. COLE. I would like to avail myself
of this opportunity to state how the difficulty
Arises. It all comes from the awkward time
of the commencement of our fiscal year, com-
mencing on the 1st of July. An appropriation
made for a fiscal year extends from the 1st of
July through to the 30th of June of the next
year, whereas public works of one character
and anothef* ought to be, to be economical,
continued through the summer months, begin-
ning with the spring and ending.with the fall.
The Senator to my left alluded, to the fiscal
year in England. I believe theirs commences
on the 1st of January, and in that case they
are able to make up their bills with a great
deal of distinctness and a great deal of accu-
racy ; but it is impossible for us to pursue that
course, as our fiscal year commences on .the
1st day of July of each year.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me to ask whether or
not?the appropriation running for"this fiscal
year up to the 1st of July is not to be used by
these persons from ho& op to July ? '
Mr. COLE. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. Then does not th'e appro-
priation for the next fiscal year commence at
July and run on ? What' is there to prevent
going on through the summer months, the
appropriations running one up to the other?
Mr. COLE. Not to go over what I stated,
I am sure that if the work must be brought up
short on the 1st of July for a fiscal_ year it
must result in injury and damage in many
instances and in waste of the public money.
There is no doubt about that. I am in favor
of confining the appropriations to as close a
limit as can be done in view of economy. But
this provision adopted by the committee, (and
now I am speaking on behalf of the commit-
tee,) that the appropriations for light-house
purposes are to begin to be available imme-
diately upon the passage of this act, allows
them to continue from that time on through
until the end of the following fiscal year.
The proposition that was sent to us by the
House that the appropriation should remain
available until two years after a State should
cede jurisdiction over the site of a light-house,
in case such cession of jurisdiction was
required, and in the other case for two years
after the passage of the act, was a much more
objectionable proposition than the on,e that is
presented by the committee. That left it
altogether indefinite; we could not tell when
the acts'of the Legislatures would be passed ;
and if that rule were adopted we should soon
find ourselves in all manner of difficulty,
because while we pass our appropriations this
year before the 4th of March, next year in all
probability they will not be. passed before
June or July, and jn some ye&rs thej are not
passed even until August.
I am not an advocate of appropriations con-
tinuing during long terms, and if the wish of
the Senate is that they should be confined
from the passage.of this act to the end of the
fiscal year for which the appropriations are
made, I am perfectly willing; but I think that
in that case it will result in loss in some in-
stances. If I were to propose a compromise,
it would be that they should continue available
until the end of the year 1874.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from California move that amendment?
