1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
duce a bill (S. No. 11! 9) for the construction
of a court-house, post office, and other Gov-
ernment offices at Or and. Rapids, Michigan ;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 12001 to extend the time for constructing
a railroad from McGregor to the west line ot
O'Brien county, Iowa; which was read twice
by its title, and ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No.
1201) to facilitate the administration of jus-
tice: which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 1202i to prohibit the manufacture, im-
portation, and sale of intoxicating liquors as a
beverage in the Territories of the United States
and in the District of Columbia; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
army retired list.
Mr. SCOTT. I offer the following resolu-
tion. and ask for its present consideration :
lit "uhfJ. That the Secretary of Wsr be requested
to csmmunic-ite to the Sen ite a list of the officers of
the regular Army who have been retired under the
provisions ot the thirty-second section of the act ap-
proved July 28.1866. entitled "An Act to increase aud
fix ihe military peace establishment of the United
States." with a statement of the actual rank held by
them respectively in the regular Army, of the actual
rank hel 1 by them respectively in the volunteer
army, of the command held by them respectively at
the time they were wounded, and of the rank upon
which they were respectively retired, together with
the pay of retired officer-* of each of said ranks; also,
a list of regular Army officers who have been retired,
and a list of those who have made application to be
placed on the retired list, upon which applications
action hns not yet been taken, together with a state-
ment of the rank and pay of each officer who has
been so retired since the passage of the act approved
Jane 10, ls72, entitled " An act relative to retired
officers of the Army," and the rank and pay upon
which each officer whose application is now pending
would be retired under the provisions of said act.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have
that resolution modified so as to cover the
aggregate cost of the retired list.
Mr. SCOTT. I have no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be so modified, with the consent of
the mover.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
african slave trade.
Mr. MORTON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Re*ohed. That the President be requested to com-
municate to the Senate, if in his opinion not incon-
sistent with the public interest, any information he
may have in regard to the existence of the slave
trade upon the coast of Africa, and what action has
been taken by the Government of Great Britain, or
other countries, if any, for its suppression.
railroad freights.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have a resolution to
offer, to go to the table for the present, to be
referred to the Committee on Commerce when
appointed :
Itr.tolwA, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of regu-
lating by congressional legislation the rates of
freight on railroads having continuous lines run-
ning into or through two or more States, and that
they report by bill or otherwise at as early a day
as practicable.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The reso-
lution will lie on the table for the present.
troops in arkansas.
Mr. RICE. I move to take up for consid-
eration the resolution which I offered on Mon-
day morning, and which was then laid over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator will
not. press that, motion this morning. His reso-
lution is a very important one in principle,
and is quite extraordinary in its form as to the
inquiries it makes with regard to the motives
of the President in exercising his constitu-
tional duty, and in other respects ; and there-
fore the resolution plainly, in my opinion,
ought to be referred to a committee for consid-
eration before we take what seems to me to be an
unprecedented step in calling upon the Execu-
tive for his reasons and motives in exercising
his constitutional duty as Commander-in-Chief
of the Army. I should hope, therefore, that
the honorable Senator would not press it until
we have a committee to whom a motion to
refer can be made, and also until the resolu-
tion shall be printed.
Mr. RICE. The honorable Senator from
Vermont is mistaken in the object desired to
be attained by the offering of the resolution.
The resolution is one of inquiry as to the ne-
cessity for sending United States troops to the
State of Arkansas. There are only two objects
that I had in introducing the resolution, and
neither of them had reference to the President
of the United States. One was to get the
information in order to base another resolu-
tiop upon that information, and the other ob-
ject was in case United States troops were to be
sent there that the people of Arkansas should
understand that they were sent only for the
purpose of maintaining the laws and support-
ing the legal authorities. I saw the President
on the subject before I introduced the resolu-
tion, and he stated to me that if troops were
sent there it would be only for that purpose.
I wish that statement made officially for the
purpose of quieting public sentiment at home.
The resolution is no reflection in any way upon
the President, but it is merely to get the inform-
ation as to whether troops are to be sent to
Arkansas, and if so, for what purpose, in
order that the people of that State may under-
stand that they are coming there solely for the
purpose of maintaining the law. I have no
objection to troops being sent there if that is the
object, and if the people understand that that
is the object. No persons that I represent are
disposed to violate the law. They are all dis-
posed to act in harmony with the law", and the
United States troops will not interfere with us.
I want the information officially before the
Senate for the purpose of basing a resolution
upon that information—a resolution appli-
cable alone to the State of Arkansas and not
to the President—and forthe further purpose
of information to the people.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I was not
present when this resolution was introduced.
The first information I had on the subject was
in one of the morning papers, which seemed to
c6nstrue it as a renewal of the Arkansas quar-
rel. Of course that cannot be the object of
the resolution.
In my opinion the people of Arkansas will
not feel any inquietude in relatien to this mat-
ter. As is well known, we have an extensive
military establishment there in the shape of
an arsenal and barracks for troops and officers,
and it has been the custom from time to time
to send troops to those quarters and to with-
i draw them from those quarters. The people
1 there are accustomed to it, and 1 have no doubt
they will fully understand thesending of troope
there, if they are sent there. It is a custom
; that has been in execution for years, and thers
is no reason, in my opinion, for any unneces-
| sary alarm about sending troops to that post.
I I hope the resolution will not be pressed at
; this time, but that it will be allowed to go to
| the proper committee, as was suggested by the
Senator from Vermont.
! Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my honorable
1 friend from Arkansas who sits behind me
j [Mr. Rice] will do me the credit to suppose
that all my opinions about his resolution are
: based solely on the face of the resolution
itself. I had had no conversation with the
President of the United States or anybody
else on the subject when I objected to its
present consideration the other day, but did
I so solely on the ground that it appeared to me
I to be on the face of it a very extraordinary,
and, if my friend will pardon me in saying so,
a very improper resolution. I think so still,
although I have not had the pleasure of read-
ing it. in print, on account of the fact, that it
was not. ordered to be printed, and I did not
pay attention to it in the Globe, I suppose.
It is not to delay or defeat or obscure the
attainment of any appropriate information
that I make this suggestion, but it is to pre- fc
serve, as far as I can in behalf of doing my
duty in the Senate, the proper performance of
our functions in calling upon the Executive
for information as to his motives in the per-
formance of his constitutional duty, or his
purposes in the performance of his constitu-
tional duty, as the head of the Army under
the Constitution.
I do not wish to discuss the merit of the
resolution at all, except as incidental to the
propriety of its being now printed, so that all
Senators can see it, and then when it comes
up, either for reference or adoption, it can be
considered.
Mr. RICE. The resolution has been printed
and on our tables for two days.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where? I have not
seen it.
Mr. RICE. I hold in my hand a printed
copy of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hunted for it twice,
but could not find it.
Mr. RICE. It was laid on our tables yes-
terday morning.
The only reason I have for pressing it now
is that I desire at a very early day to introduce
another resolution of some importance based
upon this, and 1 want this information for
that purpose. If there is anything objection-
able in the form of the resolution, it can be
easily amended, and I suggest to my friend
from Vermont that he make a motion to
ardend it and put. it in any form he pleases, so
that we get the information as to the grounds
for the application for these troops. It is not
an ordinary sending of troops to the arsenal
there. That, we know, takes place every
year ; troops are sent to and taken from the
arsenal, but here has been an application made
for troops, and there is no reason why we
should not have full information as to the
cause of that application. If there is such a
condition of affairs iti the State of Arkansas
as requires troops to be sent there—and it may
be that there is—we should know that officially
from the President, in order that any other
steps may be taken th-it may be necessary to
quiet that condition. I hope that the resolu-
tion will pass. It may be put in any form
that will obtain the information. I am not
particular as to the form of the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Arkansas, to proceed to the consideration of
the resolution indicated by him.
The motion was not agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. R. No. 827) to authorize the con-
struction of bridges across the Ohio river, aud
to prescribe the dimensions of the same.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested :
A bill (H. R. No. 1952) to amend an act
entitled "An act to incorporate a national
military and naval asylum for the relief of the
totally disabled officers and men of the volun-
teer forces of the United States," approved
March 21, 180(3, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. it. No. 2987) to authorize the
erection of a public building at Evansville,
Indiana ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2988) granting an increase
of pension to Jedediah Gray.
