1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37
these national colleges should place scientific
or practical studies foremost as the leading
object, and whatever else might be added, that
these were in no case to lag in the rear. The
basis of instruction here indicated has met
with nearly universal acceptance, and for the
greater part of mankind it is confidently com-
mended, notwithstanding many accomplished
men are unbelievers in the doctrine of edu-
cational utility, or in any course of discipline
save the classic. But any other basis than
that which has been already so cordially greeted
would have defeated the great purposes of the
measure, which were and are to benefit the
largest numbers ratherthan aselect few. The
design is not to lower even the highest rank of
scholarship, but to raise up more scholars ;
not to depress the altitude of mountain peaks,
but to elevate the great plains.
NOT TIME ENOUGH FOB OLD CLASSICS AND THE NEW.
Modern education does not now assume to
give to any one person all the learning of the
world. For that life, since its post-diluvian
reduction to three-score years and ten, is too
short. What is recorded and what comes
down by tradition of all the ages past, with
eurrent original discoveries of human wis-
dom, covers too much space and consumes
too much time to be gathered up in the brief
point of a single human life. Usefulness,
to say nothing of eminence, can only be se-
cured by attempting a narrower field, or by
limiting labor to some special branch of study,
of science, or of professional knowledge.
According to the old Latin proverb, "he who
follows two hares is sure to catch neither."
It absorbs the labor of a whole life time to
become an expert in any single pursuit. If
that labor is diffused over too wide an extent,
or clambers around too many objects, it van-
ishes before the blaze of day like morning
mist which faintly hugs the hill-tops, but rises
only to disappear. Not that a man may not
love art and politics, literature and science,
and diverse human interests, often with profit,
but that the highest individual perfection and
supremacy is rarely reached save when the
main effort is made in one direction.
"One icience only will one genius fit,
So vast is art, so narrow human wit."
To accomplish anything noteworthy the
scholar and the man must dig in one place,
dig so deep that from his stand-point the stars
shall remain forever visible, or until some
spring shall burst forth and mount high above
the surface level.
Knowledge not for use may do for useless
philosophers, of whom the United States has,
perhaps, too little appreciation, and postpones
to a more convenient season. Bat here edu-
cation, embracing the largest numbers, must
have such scope as to practically fit the owner
for his destined vocation. Its backbone must
be made up with what will be most needed.
A practical education is more than ever
required for all classes—one almost as much
as another—and certainly required for the
industrial classes of the American people, in
order to give them the sovereignty of their
natural faculties, to make them happy and
independent personally, to bring out their
highest moral and productive value to the
country, to reaeue them from littleness in their
intercourse with the present world, and to make
even immortality more desirable in the world
to come. Their rare energy, inventiveness,
and progressive aptitudes merit special and
the highest and most effective training* The
processes of development should be equal to
the excellence of the raw materials...
We seek to have among us not only Mine
of those who comprehend all that wba known
among the ancients, but more who are able to
surpass them. The Romans lost very little
time in studying any language but their own—
the Greeks lost none at all—and we do not
seek to have all of our people exhaust their
youth in the vain attempt to rival defunct
nationalities in their obsolete tongues, but to
have them achieve something in our own
mother tongue—in our own language—a lan-
guage now spoken by more than one hundred
million people in the highest rank of civiliza-
tion, though the latest born among modern lan-
guages, or hardly known four or five hundred
years ago, and not yet mastered when written
or spoken by even all collegians, nor by all
members of Congress, such as myself. Only
since Henry VII (A. D. 1489) have the
statutes of England been printed in the Eng-
lish tongue, and were the works of Shaks-
peare now printed as originally written they
would not be read with any patience nor fully
understood.
The education of our British ancestors
started slowly, and at the start was necessarily
of a limited and clumsy sort, and the best at
that time anywhere to be found was only Buch
as was prescribed by priests. Geography was
not much explored beyond the Pillars of Her-
cules, and astronomy, it has been said, was
content with a calculation of Easter and with
multiplying by two a guess at half the distance
of the sun from the earth. Water rose in
pumps only, as philosophers declared, because
Nature abhorred a vacuum. Books on geom-
etry were destroyed, as infected with magic.
Geology was censured by the Sorbonne, and
chemistry was still striving to transmute metals
into gold, and to find the universal solvent.
Music was mainly confined to the dull monot-
ony of chanting; sweet sounds were only born
after the Reformation, and then music was
more indebted to the Catholics and Metho-
dists than to the Puritans, who plugged their
ears against even the sound of a pitch-pipe.
Many of the peers of "Merry England" were
unable to read and write. Bacon and Newton,
as well as La Place, had not yet appeared.
Schools were chiefly confined to cathedrals
and monasteries, and of course the laity could
have little hope and no opportunity. Some
modern nations were ashamed of their uncouth
dialects and borrowed the Latin. The Eng-
lish borrowed both Latin and French. The
universities of England were the outgrowth of
such an age. Yet a course of studies* emerg-
ing from some of these earlier days—though
we turn away our noses from the morality
then in vogue—was long held as too hoary-
headed and sacred for reform at Oxford ; and
American colleges, humbly venerating their
English models, until recently offered years of
nearly similar culture to all alike, regardless
of differences of age, means, aptitudes, or
intended pursuits.
The old English system did not look beyond
the luminaries of Church and State, and for
them looked most earnestly after gentlemanly
deportmentand scientific profundity in cricket;
but will such a system do for the bulk of the
young men of America? For two centuries
almost we have imitated our English grand-
mother, and that is quite long enough.
It is true that within a few years some of our
most richly endowed institutions have pre-
sented a less stinted bill of fare and a wider
range of elective studies, but mauy are still
unable to enlarge their staff of professors and
are forced to continue steadfastly in their
ancient ways, to the neglect of modern lan-
fuages, modern sciences, and modern thought.
'or those seeking a purely professional educa-
tion, where the old Greek philosophy, poetry,
and eloquence may become more appropriate
discipline, this old routine is open to leas criti-
cism, or may be less likely to be rudely jostled
by actual contact with the world, and subse-
quent special training may supply deficiencies ;
but there is a much larger number now who
need and seek culture and training of a more
liberal and progressive character. A knowl-
edge of the dead languages, unused, soon
dwindles to a smattering, then to more slender
*It is remarkable that Oxford, now the sturdiest
upholder of Greek literature, resisted at first the
establishment of a Greek professorship as an un-
warranted innovation.
reminiscences, and is never an equivalent for
the mastery of some of the living, always in use.
Greek sophisms are doubtless very fine, but a
western Yankee might prize more highly Mc-
Cormack reapers. Intellectual gymnastics are
splendid, but an engineer would rather solve the
mysteries of the steam-engine. Things, and not
words, are appreciated by the multitude, and the
multitude must be fed, butnoton husks. Sub-
stance and utility are demanded. Rare reams
of learning kept for show are no longer " legal
tenders," and are to be brushed aside for
actual "clinkers" in the pocket ready for
use. There is certainly a beauty in learning,
lovable for its own sake, regardless of the uses
to which it may be turned; but the majority of
mankind need learning, as they do clothing
and tools of trade, for daily use and profit,
rather than as an object of sentimental value
and esthetic rarity. The judgment of ^Esop's
cock, which preferred the barleycorn to the
gem, is irreversible.
There is no more dignity in ancient lan-
guages than in modern; ancient history is not
a whit superior to that of later times, or to
that which we ourselves have made ; nor can
heathen mythology outrank Christianity.
Greek and Roman literature, it is true, was
once all the world had, and it is still of great
and wonderful value, as those of us who read
only in translations freely concede, but I hope
to be pardoned by my more classical friends
for saying that its relative value no longer
entitles it to a place actually in front. To
keep it there only dwarfs the present age and
prevents a home growth. Its greatest bulk,
it must be allowed, is made up of the graces
of oratory and works of imagination—unfading
flowers, indeed, of language and sentiment—
but which offer little aid to a matter-of-fact
age that rides upon locomotives and sends
messages by the electric telegaph. Old deas
in sonorous periods or glittering sentences
are not so much wanted as something new
and of our own invention.
It might not be creditable to a lawyer or a
physician to be ignorant of Latin, and cer-
tainly it would be a greater discredit to a
clergyman to be wholly ignorant of the lan-
guage in which Paul addressed Athenians; but
to exhaust eight of the ten years of student
life in order to excel in Latin or Greek prize
verses, to an average American, about to em-
bark in the activities of American life, is only
an elegant frivolity which he can easily be
persuaded to swap for something more solid
and masculine, or at least for something with
greater promises of being useful. As well
might we exchange the major mode of music-,
or the oratorios of Handel for the sing-song
minor of the Greeks and Romans, as to exalt
their literature above that of all later ages.
Ancient literature, with all of its enticing fas-
cinations and fabulouB processions of lecher-
ous deities, had its origin among those who
were not only neglectful of trade and com-
merce, but who were wholly ignorant of all
the great inventions of mankind, with the
single exception of letters; and these inven-
tions, and the discoveries in physical and
natural sciences, within the last one hundred
and fifty years, have certainly greatly increased
the knowledge and power of the race. They
have made even miracles possible. Divine
honors would anciently have been paid to their
authors. Can it be that modern literature is
to remain forever in a secondary position, the
slave of the past, and derive no impulse from
the amplitude of the new forces now every-
where so ready to lend the vigor and splendor
of their assistance 1 Are we never to create
anything, and so remain forever hopelessly in
debt to ancient ages?
PHYSICAL SYSTEM ALSO INADEQUATE.
An exclusively classic discipline is, however,
no more inappropriate than an exclusively
physical discipline. If one is too fine, the other
is too coarse. Alone or together they are in
the rear of modern civilization. Some of the
