38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
so called '•great,'' among onr English ances-
tors would be dwindles if measured by modern
standards Many of them were dazzlingeuough
in tournaments, but. when they cou.d read,
often made dull work at writing. The world
was slow in parting with the chivalric idea that
arms was the noblest occupation of mankind,
and the patrons ot' solid learning were few.
Even the court of Henry VI LI shed its
highest Ulster upon athletic sports. The king
exercised himself daily in wrestling, shooling.
dam-int;. leaping moats wilh a pole, and cast-
ing the iron bar. Such was his pride 111 these
Olympian contests, historians declare, that, on
the Field of Cloth of Gold he ptibliely seized
Francis 1 in his arms to throw him. ''as a
sailor or bricklayer would try a newcomrade."
Where such brawny victories bore off all the
honors mental training could hardly be ex-
pected to flourish.
Elizabeth, who I suppose may be -called, in
spite of her daily treachery, daily piety, and
daily profanity, England's proudest and most
profitable monarch,cared more for questionable
personal charms, and for hoarding the three
thousand dresses she had at her decease, than
for her scholarship in Latin and Greek, what-
ever that might be. Able, undoubtedly, to swear
in very good Latin, she could also beather maids
of honor, spit upon the coat of a knight, box
the ears of Essex, coquette with kings, princes,
dukes, and earls; though vexed when her
suitors married, and resolved to die, if not to
live, a maiden queen.
But in the days of Queen Bess and her
father, as in those long after of Cromwell, an
English education had more to do with the
power of muscle than with brain power, or the
humanities, and, by the prize-ring, fox-hunt-
ing, and horse-racing, supplemented by punch
and gin, it was forced in that direction which
would best enable each person physically to
support and defend himself and his sovereign.
The Government legislated to that end, and
remorselessly against idleness, or so aa to give
work.to all and secure the best work—not by
schools—but by guilds, by long apprenticeships,
and by making all the coarser arts hereditary,
or by making every son the journeyman of his
father: "once a cobbler always a cobbler."
But this athletic system of merely physical
training, pushed as the national glory, and
applied to the masses—teaching the hand but
not the head—has sadly failed, and produced
in England, at length, some athletes of the
prize ring, indeed, but also a most unexampled
crop of pauperism, ignorance, and discontent.
Health and beauty of body, if thus obtained,
though greatly to be desired, cannot alone be
relied upon to keep at bay the dangers of un-
satisfied human aspirations, and the highest
symmetry of the human form is barren even
of beauty unless animated by intellect. Labor-
ing men there now seek relief and find none
in strikes, find none in chartism or commun-
ism, but they cannot be hoaxed or coaxed to
enlist among British volunteers even to repel
invaders at any probable or improbable '' Bat-
tle of Dorking." John Bulls no longer, they
emigrate.
HIGHER GENERAL EDUCATION A NECESSITY.
A great change has taken place, certainly
in America, in the absolute emancipation of
labor from all legal restraints—all save the
doleful eight-hour strait-jacket; and there
is more freedom in the choice of those studies
which master and control the highways of life.
Instead of being the distinction of a few, edu-
cation is becoming the right of all, and the dis-
tinction of the many. We live not only in a
new world, but in a new era. Learning
steadily advances, and old errors are tram-
pled under foot without a murmur and with-
out fear of a papal bull. The State, as well
as the individual, has its ambition, and takes
an interest in multiplying and holding edu-
cated men. They are its excutive, legislative,
and judicial supports. They figure in the lofti-
est pages of history. They turn to use and I
enjoyment every idle and leisure scrap of time.
Thev adorn the press, the bar, and the pulpit.
They settle national differences by other
modes than war ; or, if war they must, the
power of an army of educated men, guided by
educated men, is sure to transcend by far that
of any equal number of uneducated.
The education of the plodding, stout-willed
German people has been compulsory, while
that of the nimble, light-hearted French nation
has been neglected, and their recent bloody
and decisive conflict shows that victory would
not be wooed nor won by illiterate soldiers.
Wherever pitted in the combat, the schooled
men conquered. The treachery to be lamented
by Frenchmen was not so much that of the
Empire at Sedan as that of the empire of
ignorance among the people.
In our own country unquestionably the
northern common-school was an uncomputed
force in the late war which the South could
not equally match. Equal in courage, there
was an evident disparity as to the recuperative
power of the personal resources in reserve. In
one army there were only soldiers; in the other,
soldiers and always something more. The
former were only strong while they won ; the
latter strongest when they lost and bad refitted.
Though led with skill, the rebel armies did not
stop to think, while the bayonets they met
were the representatives of the deepest thought
and the utmost force of universal education,
and always of a book in the knapsack. Peace
I has returned to the nation, and now that edu-
j cation will leaven the whole lump. The best
j husbandry goes North for its seed corn, and
: the South, alive with good planters, will plant
the seed most likely to promote its greatest
prosperity and happiness, Schools must and
will ere long have place and equal fame in all
parts of a common country.
The domination of the aristocracies of Europe
for so long a period in Feudal Ages may be
ascribed to their martial and physical training,
and in later times, the domination of legisla-
tive bodies representing no constituents may
be ascribed to the exceptional and superior
educational advantages of the governing class,
not less than to the dense ignorance of the
masses governed. The ascendancy of the
statesmen of Virginia—" the mother of States
and of Presidents"—for so many years in our
own land may in some degree be honorably
credited to the love of learning of their leading
men, and to the spirit which founded the Uni-
versity of Virginia, of which Jefferson was so
proud to be known as the father. Though
Washington and Monroe could hardly be
classed as eminent scholars, our first genera-
tion of leading statesmen were undeniably
largely composed of men of liberal culture, as
well as of liberal principles. Of these Prince-
ton furnished a brilliant host,* though they
were not all sons of New Jersey. The place
of Massachusetts in American history might
have been less conspicuous but for the early
prominence of Harvard College.
Even the civil service, with all of our soli-
citude, can only be permanently elevated by
universal and thorough education—as univer-
sal as eligibility to office and as thorough as
the seeking after it. Men so educated are
too well trained to be awkward with affairs;
they have too much pride to sacrifice honor to
interest, and respect Christianity too sincerely
to seek reputation on any other basis than doing
right. Learned judges are incorruptible, or, if
Bacon be cited as an exception,it must be noted
that no judicial decision of that distinguished
man has ever been reversed, notwithstanding
Pope's terrible epigram which immortalizes
"the wisest, brightest, meanest of mankind."
Education guides men by principle, by justice,
by facts and logic, not by solemn cant, jolly
fictions, and baseless prejudices. It has no
fellowship with trickery or fraud, and never
* Such as Philip Frencau, Aaron Burr, Joseph
Reed, Richard Rush, Richard Stockton, Oliver
-fcilisworth, Luther Martin, and Bdward Livingston.
resorts to " breech-loading ballot-boxes," nor
to brutish violence. It is only a truism to
assert that education is essential to our form
of government. The best government must
have the best men as citizens. A republic
could not stand a cycle of the moon among
Hottentots, and often reels, totters, and falls
even among races claiming to be enlightened.
Democracy must fail when only upheld by
ignorance and vice, and can only succeed by a
general diffusion of both knowledge and virtue.
In other lands and under other forms of gov-
ernment education may be optional ; with us it
is indispensable. Untaught and unprincipled
men may be governed, but they cannot govern;
they cannot be trusted. The intellectual and
moral progress of man is the great force which
cripples and binds absolute and illegitimate
power. This force is needed as a check in
popular governments quite as much as in those
more arbitrary. Here majorities rule, and
majorities have a fixed standard of intelligence
and integrity, which may be on the high plane
of a Washington, or low down on that of a
Boss Tweed. There is a possibility for us to
be better than the average of mankind, but
there is also plenty of freedom to be worse.
A DENSE POPULATION TO BE PROVIDED FOR.
The United States is destined to become
one of the most populous nations of the world.
One hundred million people are expected
to be represented in the national capital in
less than thirty years, and a hundred and fifty
million in less than fifty years. A dense
population is, however, almost inseparable
from some debasement. Scarcely can we
hope to increase in virtues as we increase in
numbers. Therefore we should take wise
precautions, a bond of fate, for the future con-
duct of our posterity. They are to be taught
a double duty : first in their character as men,
and, second, their responsibility as citizens of
the great Republic. As we make the mold
so will be the shape of our destiny.
At present the habits of our rural popula-
tion are pure and simple. A dense population,
increasing wealth, voluptuous living, and a
materialistic philosophy, toward which the
world is said to be tending, may change all
this. Let the American Congress, then, not
hold back any measure that tends to relieve
future peril, or that will lift up the intellectual
and moral standard of the young and indus-
trial classes of our country, ana these em-
brace the most part of that unknown throng
which only awaits our exit to crowd forward
on to the stage where they are to be the pilots
of State and wield the political and civil, as
well as the moral and religious forces of the
New World.
Our popular form of government, however
peacefully disposed, does not challenge the
hearty sympathy of other less popular Govern-
ments. Peace may not forever be possible;
and we must remember that in war victory
follows neither the greatest nor the most guns,
but follows the party which can make and
knows how to use the best—does not follow
absolutely the largest army, but the best
handled and the most sagacious.
All of these national colleges are to give
some military instruction, and this, so widely
diffused and multiplied, in any great future war,
will be of vastly more service than even our
present Naval and Military Academies, how-
ever admirably they may be conducted. In
time of peace, and without annual appropria-
tions, we shall have made our best prepara-
tion for war.
A BROADER SYSTEM REQUIRED.
Bat *e want a system of broader education
for the American people in the arts of peace.
It is perhaps unnecessary at present to multi-
ply institutions for the training of professional
men, as those we have are equal to the task
of furnishing all that are needed, and some
" professior al supernumeraries" not so much
needed. The great want is :i system by which
each one among the masses may become more
