1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
merce of' Australia at $325,000,000. I was
not disposed to dispute it or confirm it; but I
merely went on to show, or intended to show
.according to his statement, that inasmuch as
ninety per cent, of that already belonged to
England, England was not very anxious to
break down only one half or less than one
half per cent, of the commerce of that amount
which existed between California and Austra-
lia. -
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator from
Maine will pardon me, I can give him the
figures for ten years back if he desires them..
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I prefer not
to yield a' present.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have a statement of
the exports and imports for the last ten years
furnished from the Treasury Department,
taken from the official record.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should prefer
that my honorable friend would advance, not
go back.
I did not misunderstand the position of my
honorable frieDd from Connecticut. It was
stated with much clearness and with much
pungency, too. I saw the force of it, and I
will advert to it directly.
It may be that I am mistaken as to the
amount of the foreign commerce of Australia.
That is what I.was talking about. I glanced,
as I arose, on the paper which lies before me,
which says that the foreign commerce of Aus-
tralasia exceeds $325,000,000. That is prob-
ably to a general extent correct, and with that
I satisfied myself, because that is sufficient for
the purposes of my argument.
Mr. NYE. That expression "Australasia"
takes in New Zealand and the other islands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suppose every-
body understands that; but the trade is chiefly
at Australia.
Now, Mr. President, the question is whether
we desire to participate in that commerce.
The precise question before us is, is it desira-
ble to participate in that commerce? We do
to a certain extent, though to a very limited
extent. If you say, adopting the commercial
maxim of my honorable friend from Connecti-
cut, if- he intends to apply it to Australia and
this country—that they are so similar in their
products, what they have to sell is so similar
and always will be to that which we have to
sell that we cannot trade together profitably—
if that is urged as a historical fact, I should
say no. I am slow to believe that in the pro-
gress of development in this country of manu-
factures and the mechanic arts it is undesira-
ble that we should seek for markets for the
varied industries of our constantly increas-
ing and rapidly growing manufactures and
mechanic arts in all their infinite variety.
My belief is that we should penetrate every-
where for various considerations besides mere
considerations of trade, that we should open
all the markets thatare accessible to us every-
where to ourindustries ; and, just in proportion
as we represent a concrete civilization, so we
shall be strong, so we shall become consoli-
dated, so we shall become a great and power-
ful nation, representing in ourselves all the
varieties of industry, commerce, agriculture,
manufactures, and the mechanic arts ;• and so
all these countries will be opened to us.
Why not go to Australia? It lies nearer
to us ^than to any other great people. Why
should we not go there? We have gone to
China. Do we mean to trade exclusively with
China and not with Australia? We have sub-
sidized a line already to China. Whether my
honorable friend from Michigan voted for it
or not I do not remember, but perhaps he
can teil me precisely what the subsidy is. I
believe it is nearly a million of dollars.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is $1,000,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. A million of
dollars a year to open commercial relationsand
trade with China! What is there peculiar in
the relations of China to us that is not equally
applicable to Australia and Australasia? Aus-
tralasia embraces these islands, and this Aus-
tralian line comes in contact with the -innum-
erable islands of the Pacific seas. Will anybody
answer me, if it is thought to be good policy
and sound policy to open trade with China
and to subsidize a line of ships to China at the
rate of a million a year, why it is bad policy to
encourage a line in another direction ?
We know very little of Australasia. We have
turned our attention more to China than in
this direction ; but is there any good reason
for it? Great Britain, it is said, now has ninety
percent, of all the foreign trade ofthat country.
Is that at all permissible ? Do we expect to
stand here, and make pretensions of being a
great commercial people, and yet allow Great
Britain to carry ninety per cent, of the three
hundred and twenty-five millions or thre^ hun-
dred and fifty millions of foreign commerce of
a land which lies nearer to us than to her? Of
course we do not. The only possible question
that can arise in this case is when to begin
and how to begin. On this point I say we have
already begun. How? Not by the bounty of
the Government,-but by the enterprise and the
spirit and the indomitable energy of some of
your own citizens, who have built their own
ships and who sail their own ships.
Under these circumstances, Mr. President,
it strikes me that the Government of the United
States cannot afford to look with a sour aspect
on an enterprise like this; and I say to my
honorable friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, whose business it is to
be vigilant over all these questions, that he
cannot afford to lie by and have nothing better
to offer than a substitute, for the purpose of
destroying the measure itself. This proposi-
tion, in my judgment, should eommend itself
not only for the consideration that our citizens,
single-handed and alone, have entered into it,
but, above all, it should com mend itself, as it
is a pioneer enterprise. The men who are
engaged in it are pioneers. They have entered
into a new field of commerce. They have
carried your flag into new seas and new fields
of traffic. They have sailed American steam-
ships for the first time to Australia and New
Zealand. The question is, now that they are
strugglingand in very great danger of faltering
and failing absolutely, whether you will stand
by, content to have subsidized largely, nottoo
largely perhaps, the line to China, and allow
this line at last to fail ?
Mr. President, it is impossible for me to un-
derstand any argument, which should commend
itself to the judgment of the Senate in behalf
of the line to Chiiia which does not with equal
force commcnd itself in behalf of this purely
American line. It should commend itself to
the Congress of the United States on account
of the energy and enterprise of tbese men,
and it offers to the American people all the
advantages which can be expected to be de-
rived from the other.
I said in the beginning that I was induced
to favor this line because I thought it excep-
tional. It is exceptional in the particulars I
have mentioned, and it is exceptional chiefly
because it does open new fields. Send these
steamers monthly from the shores of the Pacific
coast to New Zealand and Australia, carrying
orders from the Pacific coast to New Zealand
and returning orders from New Zealand to
the Pacific coast, and at once you will open a
trade which will engage the merchant marine
of the Atlantic coast. It is in that sense a
pioneer line, a line opening the track of com-
merce, opening opportunities for that shipping
which lies upon the Atlantic coast and which
is in such ruinous competition with the sub-
sidized commerce of Europe.
Now, Mr. President, without having the
least disposition to trespass upon the patience
of the Senate, for these considerations I have
found it consistent with my views on the gen-
eral subject of subsidizing lines in all direc-
tions to vote for this line, and J shall most
cheerfully give it my suppoit.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The pending question
I believe is on the reference of the bill to the
Committee on Commerce. The principal ar-
gument in favor of this bill is the advantages
which are to accrue to the commcrcc of the
country by its passage j and yet the bill comes
from the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads without having received the considera-
tion of the Committee on Commerce. Now,
I apprehend that the particular duties of the
Committee on Commerce will enable them to
form a more correct judgment in reference to
the merits of this bill than the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads or the Senate
uninstructed by their judgment and report can
form for themselves.
I do not propose to discuss at this stage the
merits of the bill. I do not propose to inquire
whether it is proper that we should enter into
a contest for the commerce of Australia, or
whether it would be proper in such a contest
to subsidize steamship lines for that purpose.
My object in rising is to insist that this meas-
ure, the advocacy of which is based upon the
idea of the influence it is to have upon the
commerce of the country, shall be referred to
the committee having charge of the special
interests of commerce. I think it would be
more satisfactory to the members of the Sen-
ate, it would certainly give more confidence
to the measure, if that committee should report
in its favor. Until I have heard from that
committee some expression of opinion that
this particular bill is calculated to advance the
interests of the commerce of the country, I
shall not feel at liberty to vote for it. I there-
fore hope that the motion of the Senator from
West Virginia, to refer this bill and the substi-
tute to the Committee on Commerce, in order
that we may have a report from that commit-
tPP> will
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I wish to say a few
words with reference to the statement I made
in regard to California being but a half-way
station ; and in doing this I will repeat what
I said before, that 1 have no opposition to
the principle of subsidizing lines to aid com-
merce. I shall be very happy to cooperate
with Senators in any measure which will
extend our commerce into any sea and with
any people; but it seems to me that in attempt-
ing to extend our commerce in this direction
we are carrying too heavy a burden and push-
ing against too strong a current.
When I stated that the line which would
bring our commerce to San Francisco only
brought the merchandise half way to market,
I did not intend, nor do I now intend, to
oppose any measure which shall aid the inter-
nal commerce of our country: but it occurred
to me that when by subsidizing this line you
shall have reached only half way to the point
which you are aiming at, you may make the
cost of transportation of the other half so great
as to make your commerce unprofitable. The
statement which I received was that the railroad
charged from thirty to thirty-five dollars per ton
for bringing wool from San Francisco to Boston.
I submit to the Senate whether any railroad
company with the capital which is invested
in the railroads between those two points can
by any means transport any kind of merchan-
dise at that rate of freight. Years ago, when
transportation was mnch cheaper than it is to-
day, it was estimated that on the Pennsylvania
roads, when one engiue would take fifty cars
loaded with coal to market, and those cars
were mere platform cars, the cheapest kind,
and the railroads, though strong and subs'an-
tial, it is true, were managed in the most rigid
and economical way, the actual cost of the
transportation of coal, with such heavy loads,
where every engine could have a full load,
was seven eighths of a cent, per ton per mile,
and a great portion of the grade was down hill
at that.
