1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1968
and the appropriation for Albany, for instance,
and of course if all the money for public build-
ings is to be expended upon these buildings
here in the city of Washington, I am afraid
we cannot afford to make necessary appropri-
ations for other -public buildings outside of
Washington. The only question in my mind
was whether the erection of this building could
not be deferred for another year, in order to
divide this appropriation among some other
necessary structures.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to. .
The next amendment was on page 41, line
nine hundred and ninety-one, to reduce the
appropriation " for continuation of the build-
ing for the court-house and post office at New
York city, fencing, grading, sewers, and simi-
lar necessaries," from $1,900,000 to $1,400,-
000.
, Mr. CONKLING. I hope that amendment
will not be concurred in, and I think I shall
have aid from the Committee on Appropria-
tions in resisting it. The honorable Senator
from Maine referred to the importance of ad-
hering to the estimates. This amendment
departs from that adherence.
The case, in a word, is this: estimates have
been made for putting upon the post office in
the city of New York another story. If it is
done now it will be done of course at actual
cost, the building being in progress. If, how-
ever, the building is completed without the
addition of a story, and the coping and the
roof, which is designed, is placed upon it, it
will cost twice as much to add a story after-
ward as it will do now to put a story upon the
building.
My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cam-
eronJ says I have said enough. I shall have
said enough when I add one word. Tlie archi-
tect of the Treasury Department appeared be-
fore more-than one committee in this regard,
and it has been elaborately considered, and
the summing up of that consideration appears
from a letter which I hold in my hand written
by the Secretary of the Treasury. In brief it
is this: the original design of the building
excluded substantially from consideration all
accomodations for the money-order business ;
that has so for increased that in the estima-
tion of the Department another story is indis-
pensably necessary. The building has been
located, as most Senators know, in the park,
near the City Hall, near the Astor House,
and Printing House square. The space is
limited, and additional room can be had only
by carrying the building higher; and now the
simple question is whether by agreeing to this
amendment we shall direct the building to be
completed and roofed, knowing the necessity
for this story, so that when we come to add it
afterward it will cost t 'ee as much as it will
now. I hope the amendment will- not be
agreed to.
Mr. COLE. My only apology for detain-
ing the Senate for one moment is that very
large amounts of money are being now dis-
posed of, and it is my duty, as well perhaps
that of every other Senator, except the one
immediately interested in the locality, to look
well to the direction in which the money
goes.
Mr. President, this building in New York
is a very grand one. It is a building in which
the whole nation will takepride, and in looking
at its grand proportions we can hardly regret
that it has cost so much more than was. ex-
pected at the outset. Originally the cost of the
building was limited I think to $3,500,000.
1 may be in error, but I think it was about
that sum. The work has been going on for
two or three years, and it has cost already
more than that sum by a very iarge amount.
The proposition now is to add another story,
which, added, will cost according to the esti-
mates $850,000 more than would otherwise be
put in the building. The total cost of the
building, if this story is added, will be some-
thing over $7,000,000. When the building is
furnished, as it will be by the Government,
the total cost will be very near eight millions,
probably all of $8,000,000, a good deal more
than twice the amount that was originally esti-
mated for the building.
The Committee on Appropriations have seen
fit to refer to the Senate the question as to
whether another story shall be added to it,
and whether this additional expenditure of
$850,000 shall be incurred. They have cut
down the estimate of $1,900,000 to $1,400,000,
taking off $500,000, which is intended to be a
portion of the cost of the additional story.
According to the present estimates that
amount, together with that which has already
been expended upon the building, will com-
plete it within $350,000, so that hereafter,
according to present estimate^, the Govern-
ment will be called upon for an aDpropriation
of $350,000 more, even if the $1,900,000 is
permitted to remain.
This is the position that the case occupies
at present. I have not before me the figures
showing the amount that has already been
expended upon the building; but with this
$500,000 which is stricken out, and the
$350,000 that will be required, the sum to
complete the building will be considerably over
$7,000,000. If the Senate see fit to expend
upon one building this enormous sum, of near
seven or eight million dollars, the Committee
on Appropriations will not feel that the re-
sponsibility is upon them.
I think they ought to be content with the
original plan. It may be that this other story
in addition to the four or five that they already
have ought to be added ; but the suggestion
comes up readily to one's mind, how did they
get along before they had any portion of this
building? How are they getting along now?
They seem to be getting along in some manner,
and they certainly cannot be in any very great
need of this additional story, while they are
not even using any of the lower stories of the
building. It may be that in process of time
this will all be required, but I have knowledge
of plans of erecting large buildings in that city
on the ground known as the Battery. It is
proposed to erect a very large custom-house
there- I am rather of the opinion that this ad-
ditional story in the present building could well
be dispensed with ; and that the $1,000,000
that would be required to enlarge the building
so far would more judiciously be used in the
construction of a buildingiu Detroit or Chicago,
or some large city, if there should be such a
one, that has no public building.
Mr, CONKLING. I am amazed that my
friend in fife minutes has been able to say so
much which seems to me not to bear on this
point. I cannot consent to his figures; but I
answer, first, that this building in all its pro-
cesses has engaged, as he knows, and as I
know, unusually careful scrutiny. Nothing
has been done and nothing is projected beyond
necessity. The question, and the only ques-
tion now, is whether that story which is needed
shall be added while yet it can be at nothing
but its cost, or whether we shall pass by the
opportunity, knowing that it must be added
when it will cost twice as much. _
The Committee on Public Buildings in the
House of Representatives has considered this
matter elaborately. I hold in my hand a
formal record of its proceedings and reso-
lutions. The House Committee on Appro-
priations has considered it elaborately, hear-
ing in person the architect of the Treasury,
and having before it the recommendations of
the Secretary, in which he says, among other
things, that he is forced to the conclusion that
it is his duty to recommend that this story
be added aud this appropriation made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques- I
tion is on agreeing to the amendment of the
committee reducing the appropriation.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was on page 41, after
line nine hundred and forty-two, to strike out
the following clause:
For the purchase (in part) of a site for a building
for purposes of the General Government, at Albany,
New York, $150,000; Provided, That the corporation
of the city of Albany, or the citizens thereof, make
the purchase of the balance of the ground neces-
sary for said site, to the satisfaction of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. CONKLING. I am sorry to be com-
pelled to venture once more upon the indul-
gence of the Senate. Here is another case
which I can state briefly. A year ago now, in
March, an act was passed directing the con-
struction at the city of Albany of a fire-proof
building. Albany, as I need not remind the
Senate, is the capital of the State and a large
city. I will not stop to detail the particulars,
showing the urgent, indispensable necessity of
public accommodation there, but I proceed
to state to the Senate the only point here in-
volved.
The statute in my hand devoted a sum of
money to the erection of this builing upon "a
central and suitable site." These are the
words. That site was to be furnished by the
city of Albany at a cost as was intended of
$100,000. To comply with the requirement
the city of Albany is still ready; but it turns
out as shown by the papers which I have here,
a letter from the Secretary and a letter from
the Architect of the Treasury, and it is shown
otherwise that this state of facts exists : a site
which will cost $100,000, and which the city of
Albany will furnish, is not only unsuitable for
this purpose, but is reported by the architect
and deemed By the Secretary of the Treasury
an unwise and injudicious and an inadmissible
location of the buildiug. Therefore it is pro-
posed to take a site which will cost $250,000,
aud cannot be bought for less, and is confess-
edly " worth that, answering all the require-
ments of the case ; to hold the city to its bond
to pay $100,000, and to add on the part of the
Government $150,000 in order that that may
•be done sufficiently and adequately which
without it cannot be well done at all. That is
the whole question.
The committees of the House having heard
this, the Department having considered it
elaborately, there being here a very volumi-
nous correspondence, and very voluminous
proceedings by the common council and other
authorities in Albany, it has been determined
by the concurrent minds of all that the Gov-
ernment would do a penny wise and pound
foolish thing to put this building in the place
where it must be put if it is to be restricted to
that site which $100,000 will pay for. The
case is one, I feel quite sure, which addressed
to any private proprietor would leave no ques-
tion of the expediency of remembering Dr.
Johnson's statement that whatever is worth
doing at all is worth doing well. I hope the
amendment will not be concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not find
any estimates at all for this appropriation in
the book of estimates.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
may be sure he cannot find it in the book ot
estimates for two reasons : first, because it is
made the subject of special communication,
and here are the special communications;
second, from the nature of things it would not
be in the ordinai'y estimates, because, if the
Government will so insist, it proceeds upon
the old estimates which the Senator will find,
and the building will be put away in a corner,
because after trying they find that a corner
is all that $100,000 will buy. Thus it is pre-
sented to the option of the United States to
add enough to this purchase price of the city
to command a proper site. Therefore, of course,
it is not in the estimates.
