40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
tional appropriations to the national fuud—in
Illinois of §265,000, in California $245,000 in
coin, and in Nebraska of $150,000—evince the
pride and interest taken by the people in all
parts of the country in these institutions. In
States less fortunate than those named the
freat drawback is a lamentable wantof means,
'here are too many vacant professorships;
and laboratories, cabinets, museums, libraries,
and philosophical instruments, are seen only
alar off. These facts are made only too con-
spicuous by our recent experience, and the
nation alone is able to furnish adequate relief.
If population were fixed upon as the basis
of any aid to be given, even that is subject to
constant fluctuations, and though it might be
mathematically correct at the time of the pas-
sage of the act, it would never be even mathe-
matically correct afterward. Contemplating
the future growth of the country, it ia not im-
possible that geographical extent would prove
as equitable a basis upon which to found dis-
crimination as would population, if discrim-
ination were to be tolerated. In that case
Texas should receive five times as much as
Pennsylvania, and Maine three fourths as
much as New York. But these institutions
will be as much for the protection of the nation
as are any of our military fortifications, and
what would be thought of a refusal to build
anything but a small fort, for instance, on the
Delaware because the Balient point happened
to be in a small State? Ample protection
should be given to all alike—not most to the
oldest and richest, nor least to the youngest
and weakest of the sisterhood. Thermopylae
was lost, not through the millions of foes in
front, but through the. unguarded pass of the
mountains. Our remotest mountain passes
must all be efficiently guarded.
There ia no jealousy in the Republic of Let-
ters which can be aroused among the friends
of purely literary or classical colleges. They
know that to make a sonnd education of any
kind available to larger numbers, they must at
once enlarge their own field of operations and
lift their own standard higher. The greater
the number educated, the greater will be the
education required.
The beneficiaries under the original grant,
also, all recognize and cordially indorse the
propriety of, the present bill, framed as it ia,
to found a college in each State on the basis
of entire State equality. .Those colleges which
heretofore started with most feel the absolute
necessity for more, and better appreciate the
greater necessities of those which started with
least. Wherever located, it is certain that they
are all at work for the common good, with one
common interest. What matters it to New
York that the light-house at Sandy Hook is on
the soil of New Jersey? It speeds on its way
the commerceof New York and the world no
less. The agricultural convention which, met
here last winter, from all parts of the Union,
gave this measure their undivided support,
and to them should be credited the idea of an
equal donation to all the States regardless of
the amount of population. They fully under-
stood that knowledge cannot be hemmed in by
State lines, and that wherever accumulated, it
will ultimately all be distributed and, like sum-
mer rain, refresh the world. Agriculture has
generous instincts and seeks no exclusive ben-
efits. It builds up itself on the prosperity of
others.
It is apparent that as large a fund is re-
quired to properly "equip and man" a col-
lege in one State as in another. In small
States thi3 fund cannot be raised, neither by
taxation nor through, gifts. This faot must
be recognized. And yet such States cannot
forego equal advantages for their people, and
they may hare incomparable sitea—places for
educational forts—which for.health, economy,
and other obvious reasons, are often to be pre*
ferred to, or at least may be entitled to, equal
consideration with those of larger States. An
abundance of air may be preferred to an abun-
dance of population, and certainly a town in a
college should be preferred to a college in a
town.
The paramount object is to place higher and
more appropriate education within reach of
all, the poor as well as the rich, without regard
! to ancestry or race, and of that sort which will
i engender a perpetual appetite for more. For
this purpose, if we rely only upon the few col-
leges, ever so well established as private cor-
porations, they will be too much crowded, or
fail to excite general sympathy, or be ham-
pered by an antiquated course of studies, or
designed solely for professional advancement,
and the cost will be made to many an unbear-
able burden ; but let them be well founded
in every State by national aid, and then local
pride will be aroused to nurse and guard their
prosperity, and the expense of a liberal edu-
cation will be made so moderate that no one
will be excluded who has strength of natural
parts, and sufficient ambition to go and knock
at the doors.
COLLEGE STUDENTS OBLITERATE STATE LINES.
An examination of the catalogues of all well-
established institutions of learning will show
their cosmopolitan character, and justify the
argument for equal favor in behalf of the
' national colleges. At Harvard University the
number of undergraduates in 1871-72 was 619,
and 211 of these nail from twenty-three other
States. More than half of the 134 law students,
or 71, came from twenty-two other States. In
the Kentucky University, nearly half, or 266 out
of 579 students came from twenty-four States
and two Territories. At Yale College, in
1871-72, the catalogue shows that out of 527
academical students, 371 came from twenty-four
other States, or over 70 per cent., including 9
from beyond the sea—leaving ODly 147 with
their homes at present in Connecticut. Of 69
theological students, only 17 are from Con-
necticut, while 52 are accounted for elsewhere.
At Dartmouth, in 1870-71, there were 437
students, and only 165 of these came from
New Hampshire, and all the rest were from
nineteen other States and foreign countries.
The tuition at these institutions generally is
comparatively high, yet it is much less than
one fourth of the first cost, if the interest upon
their endowments were to be computed and
charged ; board bills and other expenses are
also so large that none but really wealthy men
can afford to send their sons there ; but the
advantages from a numerous staff of distin-
guished professors and of large libraries is
widely known and appreciated; and a change
of climate, of society, and of text-books exerts
a potential influence all over the country in
the choice of colleges for the education of
young men. All of our foremost colleges,
like those of Michigan, Virginia, New Jersey,
and many others, are almost a3 national in
practical usefulness as in reputation. Those
to be aided by the present bill will tend more
strongly in the same direction of national
usefulness. They will be cemented together
by the common bond of one parentage with
many kindred features of relationship, all
emulous of distinction, and the excellencies
of one will be known and soon copied by all.
The-facts already given show that American
colleges obliterate State lines. Students flock
to favorite seats of learning from all quarters
of the country, and, after four years of study
and discipline, they go out. to be more, widefy
distributed than ever. They have the world
before them where tochoose, and as soon as
the last notes of their parting hymn have been
heard they fold- their tents and are away to all
and the remotest parts of a common edMiatry,
never, perhaps, to revisit their Alma Mater Until
after a score or two of years, they re torn bear-
ing names known and honored in distant
States. It is the highest function of States to
raise and educate young men and young
women, and the noble lot of some is to do
this, not wholly for themselves, but for other
States.
COLLEGE BENEFITS NEVER CONFINED TO ONE STATE.
Our whole people are adventurous and
migratory. Almost nomadic in character, each
one is at least a hardy pioneer for himself,
There is no legal impediment to the transfei
of estates. Nothing is owned which refuses
at any price a change of ownership. A house,
made even with rarest art, is often held as
ready for sale as to live in. The accident of
birthplace does not fix Americans to the soil
of their fathers. If there is a better soil they
believe the Lord intended it for them, and they
forthwith mean to have it. They spread out.
Nothing less than the whole country is their
home. Citizens of one State to-day may bo
citizens of another to-morrow; and, never
drones, they are entitled to be welcomed and
treated with hospitality wherever they choose
to fix their abiding places. They drink to the
words of Goethe:
"To give space for wandering is it
That the world was made so wide."
The last census report shows these facts in
a striking manner. Sedentary life is anti-
American. At my request the late worthy
Superintendent of the Census (General Walker)
has furnished me with a table (A)* showing
how many persons born in any State now
remain there, how many have gone to other
States, and how many in the State were born
in other States. From this it will be seen that
the State of Vermont, with a population of
330,551, has sent out 177,164 to other States,
or more than half as many as are now living
in the State, and has received from other
States only 34,582 of its inhabitants. New
York has a population of 4,382,754 persons,
but of these only 2,487,776 were born in New
York, while 1,073,542 persons born in New
York now reside in other States. Of those
born in Pennsylvania, 674,544 live in other
States. Kentucky, with a population of
1,321,011, has sent out to other States 403,126
persons. Of these 92,607 went to Missouri
and 63,297 to Illinois. Of the 1,194,020 per-
sons in Iowa only 517,831 were born there.
These facts, displaying the grand movements
by which American States are built up,'may be
further illustrated by pointing out where some
of those born in a single State finally alight.
From New York there will be found in—
California  33,426
Connecticut  28,728
Illinois 133,290
Michigan   231,002
Minnesota    39,845
Missouri      31,736
New Jersey,    73,508
Ohio    07,371
Pennsylvania ..  87,7<K)
Wisconsin         135,405
Vermont     11,235
After looking at this overflow from a large
State, let me give an.example of a flood not
so large, but equally swift, from a small State,
namely, Vermont. From this State there will
be found in—
Illinois...  18,501
Iowa   ;     12,105
Massachusetts     .22,110
Michigan     14,434
New Hampshire 12,823
Naw York.       36,077
Ohio..,,..,     9,03-1
Wisconsin 16,418
. Can there be any facts more conclusively
proving that the benefits of these national col-
leges must accrue, not to the States where the
young men, at much cost, may have been edu-
cated, but to the States so fortunate as to
attract them as. permanent settlers ?
EVERY STATE AMERICAN.
The same series of facts disclose the rapidity
and constancy with which we are being blended
asonepeople. If, notwithstanding differences
in government, religion, and language, there
is a marked uniformity in the civilization of
*See next page.
