1964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to have the statute read as authority for this
act.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
An act to authorize the construction of a fire-
proof building at Albany, New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to cause to
be constructed a fire-proof building at Albany, New
York, on a central and suitable site, to be donated
to the United States by thecity or citizens of Albany,
suitable for the accommodation of the custom-house,
post office, United States circuit and district courts,
and interna! revenue offices in said city, at a cost
not exceeding the sum of $350,000; and before com-
mencing work on said building he shall cause plans
and estimates to be made therefor, so that no ex-
penditure shall be made or authorized therefor ex-
ceeding the sum herein named; said building to be
constructed under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury: Provided, That no money which may
hereafter be appropriated for this purpose shall be
used or applied to the erection of said building until
a valid title to the site thereof shall bo vested in the
United States, and until theStateof New Yorkshall
code its jurisdiction overthesame.and shall also duly
release and relinquish to the United States the
right to tax or in any way assess said site and the
property of the United States that may bo thereon
during the time that the United States shall be or
remain the owner thereof.
Approved March 12, 1872.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The only obser-
vation I desire to make on that proposition
is, that clearly this does not fall within the
principle that has beeu adopted by the com-
mittee in regard to amendments upon this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I submit to my honor-
able friend that it does, except in the inherent
peculiarity of the case, and if my friend will
pardon me, I should like to read half a dozen
lines from the Secretary's letter.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
make one observation first, and then I will
yield. This is the point: the Secretary of the
Treasury recommends that there shall be no
appropriations for public buildings this year j
in other words, that there shall be no authority
given for new buildings this year.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, if my friend will
pardon me, it follows, does it not, that the site
of the building is to be determined and it is
to proceed in the wrong place?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But there is no
appropriation made, except upon condition,
and that is that the city of Albany should in-
vest the title to this property in the Govern-
ment of the United States, which has not been
done.
Mr. CONKLING. That it is ready to do,
and offers to do it if the Government wishes
to take this site that costs $100,000. Will my
friend allow me to read from the Secretary's
letter ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. The Secretary says :
It is understood that a suitable _ site will cost
£250,000, and the proposition is that if the Govern-
ment will appropriate $150,000 the difference be-
tween that sum and the cost ot the site will be paid
by tho citizens of Albany. As by the act of last
March the Government, is committed to the erec-
tion of the building, and as in most of the other
places the entire expense of the land has been
borne by the Government, I am constrained to ad-
vise an appropriation of $150,000 for tho purchase
of the land.
Very respectfully,
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL.
That is the question, and the whole question,
anil if you prefer the poor site say so, and the
city will vest the title in the United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand it
perfectly. I understood it before. What I
mean to say is that the city having failed to
purchase and give us the site 
Mr. SHERMAN. They will.give us a site,
but not the one we want.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. In other words,
not having furnished a suitable site, as the
Government think, is there any obligation on
the part of the Government now to erect the
building?
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to answer that ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. So far from there being
room for his criticism, the fact is that there
were two sites contemplated originally, and
those sites are there; they are accessible and
attainable ; but the objection comes not from
the city of Albany as against the Government,
but is made by the officers of the Government,
that neither of these sites, which the Senator
can have if he wants them, is desirable ; that
on the contrary the Government has an in-
terest in adding to this appropriation so as to
obtain a better site than either. The site
stands ready all the time.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to ask the
Senator from New York whether thecity still
intends to give $100,000?
Mr. CONKLING. Unquestionably, in land
or money, as the Government pleases.
Mr. COLE. I will ask the Senator one
question in addition to that, whether the city
of Albany was not to furnish the site for the
Government to put up the building?
Mr. CONKLING. If my friend observed
the last answer he would see the truth with
the qualification. To be sure it was, and the
parties then understood the sites contemplated.
Those sites are there yet, and you can have
them if you want them ; but upon survey and
examination the authorized agents of the
Government say it is better for the United
States not to take this site, but to take the
$100,000 and add enough more to buy a better
site.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee
striking out this appropriation.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was on page 41, after
line nine hundred and ninety-nine, to strike
out the following clause:
For purchase of site and to commence the erec-
tion of a building at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
for a post office and United States courts, $1,600,000:
Provided, that the aggregate cost of such site and
building shall not exceed $3,000,000.
Mr. SCOTT. The letter of the Secretary
of the Treasury read a few moments since has
direct reference to this appropriation, and he
anticipated that the appropriation would be
made. It is found in the estimates; it is in
pursuance of an act of Congress passed at the
last session after this subject had been very
fully investigated by the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds. The chairman of
that committee will remember the statistics
that were presented to the committee showing
the utter inadequacy of the-Post Office accom-
modations and the accommodations for the
United States courts in Philadelphia, and the
absolute necessity that there was for providing
further and additional accommodations ; and
now that the act has passed authorizing the
building, that it is properly estimated for, and
that the Secretary of the Treasury expected
an appropriation to be made, I trust there will
be no difficulty in refusing to concur in this
amendment which strikes out the appropria-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I make the
same motion in regard to this appropriation
that I did in the first case, to make it conform
to the estimates, and under these circumstances
I shall then make no further opposition to it.
The estimates are $1,000,000, and $500,000
was appropriated last year. I therefore move
to amend the clause so as to reduce the appro-
priation to $1,000,000.
Mr. SCOTT. Is the Senator not mistaken
in saying that $500,000 was appropriated last
year?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir.
Mr. SCOTT. There has been no previous
appropriation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir. The
amount appropriated for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1873, was $-500,000. One million
now will be in conformity with the estimate,
and will make it $1,600,000.
Mr. SCOTT. From what does the Senator
read when he says $500,000 was appropriated
last year?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The book of
estimates, page 113.
Mr. SCOTT. I have the book of estimates
before me. It reads:
For post office and court-house, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, purchase of site and commencing
construction under act June 8,1872, $1,000,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator is
right.
Mr. SCOTT. That was the amount esti-
mated, and I have explained to the Senate
why a million and a half is now in the bill.
Tho present post office site is very narrow and
very contracted, and it was supposed that by
buying additional property to it the building
might be. located adjoining the present post
office site or by adding to the present post
office site. But the Secretary of the Treasury
appointed a commission of gentlemen in whom
he had confidence, and they, acting upon the
modern and more acceptable theory that it is
better not to erect public buildings so close to
other buildings as to endanger them by fire,
selected a site which would give more room,
and thus it becomes necessary to expend more
money in the purchase of the site than was
originally contemplated. If the new site be
selected and the building be placed there,
then the former site would be worth more to
the Government, it is presumed, than the
difference in the cost, and it will be necessary
to ciarry out the project of commencing the
work to appropriate this million and a half
dollars. That was fully considered, I have
no doubt, by the House Committee, and I
trust, as the Senator finds he is mistaken in
supposing that half a million was appropriated
last year, there will be no objection to voting
down this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I in-
quire of the Senator from Pennsylvania how
much the additional cost of the new proposed
site will be above what the old site would have
cost?
Mr. SCOTT. I do not know that I can
state accurately, for I have not the estimates
before me. It would have required additional
ground on Chestnut street, extending out to a
corner, for the purpose of adding to the build-
ing now occupied by the post office; but the
ground which is now selected is very ranch
more in extent than that which could have
been secured for the same amount of money
where the former building now stands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Whatever
increased cost would be incurred for that pur-
pose, I should be perfectly willing to grant;
but I am not in favor of having a bill passed
one year on the representation of gentlemen
that they will be content with the amount ap-
propriated for the entire structure, and then
the very next year to have them come and ask
us to double it. We passed a bill last year for
a post office site at Philadelphia, and in that
law it was provided that the site and building
complete should not exceed $1,500,000. Now
they come forward with a proposition from the
House and propose to have a site and building,
the aggregate cost of which shall not exceed
$3 000,000.
Mr. COLE. It is doubled in one year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should be
perfectly willing, for one, to vote for any
increase that was proper in consequence of
the increased cost of the site, but to come here
again so soon after having passed a law by
which the whole cost of the building and site
wai to be limited to $1,500,000, and ask us to
appropriate twice that amount, is something
that I cannot agree to.
Mr. CAMERON. I am afraid the Senator
from Vermont, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds, is
hardly fair in his criticism. I think the peo-
ple of Philadelphia were perfectly content with
