1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1005
Are your manufacturing establishments grow-
ing less or more? Is there a demand for less
or for more of the product of these islands ?
By all experience in the past it is written on
every page of history that it always increases.
If the manufacturer^ buy wool in a whisper
this year, they will cry out in yells another ;
and our multiplying establishments demand
that this line should be subsidized ; our agri-
cultural interest demands it; the country de-
mands it; the world seconds the demand, and
I have no doubt it will be carried.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not rise to speak
on this bill, but I move to lay it on the table
for the purpose of submitting a motion that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be laid over in-
formally. '
Mr. THURMAN. And then I shall vote to
take up the bill again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio asks that the bill be passed over
informally for the purpose of entering a motion
to adjourn until Monday.
Mr. NYE. Is that necessary in order -to
make the motion ?
Mr. THURMAN. I am told it must either
be passed over informally by unanimous con-
sent or laid on the table.
Mr. NYE. I do not think there will be any
objection to passing it over informally, but I
hope the bill will not be laid on the table.
Mr. THURMAN. It can be taken up again
in a moment.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to passing the bill over informally ?
Mr. CONKLING. I object.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, Mr. President, I
wish to say otie word. I have no doubt that
this is the last week, if my motion prevails,
when we shall adjourn over Saturday, but I do
believe that we shall gain time by adjourning
over. Probably to-morrow is about the last day
in which the committees will meet and do much
work. They will have accomplished to-morrow
all the' work that ean be acted on, and more,
too, at this session of Congress. To-morrow
we ought to have. We ought to have it for
committee work, and we ought to have it for
recreation, for rest. I have no idea that the
Senate will adjourn over any Saturday after
to-morrow. We shall sit on Saturdays after
this week, and probably very soon advance the
hour of meeting, but this week I think we
ought to adjourn over. I therefore notify the
Senator from Nevada beforehand that 1 believe
all who vote for my motion will immediately
vote to take up his bill again. I move to lay
the bill on the table in order that I may make
that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable.
Mr. NYE. With that understanding and
for that purpose I shall not object.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no such under-
standing. I shall resist taking up the bill and
antagonize it.
Mr. NYE. Then I hope that the Senator
from Ohio will withdraw the motion.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator need not
b$ afraid that his bill will not be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable. The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] that
the bill lie on the table. «
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames,Bayard, Boreman, Bucking-
ham, Carpenter, Chandler, Cooper, Davis, Edmunds,
Pen ton, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hitchcock, John-
ston, Machen, Pratt, Ransom, Rice,Saulsbury, Saw-
yer, Spencer, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Vickers, and Wright—30.
nays—Messrs. Anthony, Casserly, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Cragin, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Kelly, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye, Pool, Ramsey, Scott, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, Wilson, and Windom—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Brownlow, Cald-
well, Cameron, Clayton, Ferry of Connecticut, Hill,
Howe, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nor-
wood,Osborn,Patterson,Pomeroy,Robertson,Scfurz,
Sumner, and West—21.
So the bill was ordered to lie on the table.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not suppose that any
word I may utter will change the vote of any
Senator here, nor do I propose to detain the
Senate at any length ; but I do think we had
better begin to hold our sessions on Saturday
this week, as the Senator from Ohio suggests
we shall do the coming week. If it would be
wisdom to commence on Saturday week, it
will be doubly wisdom to commence to-mor-
row. The Senator shakes his head. I do not
think there is anything—I will not say in the
Senator's head, but in the suggestion that he
made. Now we may meet here, we may go
along with the Calendar and dispose of those
bills to which we are devoting a part of every
morning hour, cases that are so plain as to
commend themselves to the judgment of every
Senator and to excite no opposition. We may
do that. If Senators will do their duty they
will come here for every public purpose, and
be ready to act upon every public measure,
whether important or unimportant.
One thing more. The responsibility that
attaches to myself is very small. I am a very
quiet member of this body. I listen and I
vote as my judgment tells me is right. .1 par-
ticipate hardly at all in its discussions ; but I
feel that very little of responsibility which
ought to attach to the dominant majority in
this body, and feeling for myself that respons-
ibility, I can give no other vote than to have
this body meet here to-morrow and progress in
the duties which belong to us.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Maine
has already covered the whole ground, and I
will add but one word. The majority of this
body are responsible for the legislation of the
body. We have here upon the table of the
Senate bills of great importance, and bills of
little importance. To-morrow no work will
be done in committee, to any considerable
extent. Probably not more than one or two
committees will be in session, and more than
three times the number of persons on any
three committees are absent from the Senate
all the time. Those who desire to attend to
their committees will go on and work in the
committees, and they can be called into the
Senate Chamber in case of a division.
But it does seem to me that, with the mass
of business lying on our fable, we cannot
afford to adjourn over Saturday; and I give
notice, so far as I can, that if the Senate does
adjourn over Saturday I shall feel that we ought
to finish the subject-matter that is under con-
sideration now, rather than to take another
day with it. Here is a proposition to sub-
sidize a steamship line, which, by a very small
majority, was not laid on the table at the out-
set of the discussion, and which no Senator,
from the votes already had in the House, has
any reasonable expectation can pass. If we
spend two days on a proposition of that kind,
with all the appropriation bills yet to be acted
on, when shall we get through?
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me?
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall close in a mo-
ment. It seems to me we ought to take the
responsibility of staying here and disposing
of the business, great and small, that may
come up in its order. I for one shall vote
against an adjournment over.
Mr. NYE. I agree with nearly all that the
Senator from Ohio last up said ; but I do not
agree with his taste, neither do I think it is
right to attempt to tell us always what the
House of Representatives are going to do in
case we pass a bill. I want to tell the honor-
able Senator that there is no bill on this table
more important than the bill under considera-
tion to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN; That you told us a while
ago.
Mr. NYE. And I want it passed or beaten.
I do not like to hang people up between the
heavens and the earth and especially where
great principles are involved in an uncertainty
where they are headed. I want the senatorial
expression upon this bill, and now if the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman]
will withdraw his motion, we can get a vote on
this bill in a very few minutes. I want as
soon as this question of adjournment over is
determined to make a motion, and I give
notice now that I shall then move to take up
the steamship bill again for consideration.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the ques-
tion first is whether we shall adjourn over
to-morrow. On that question I want to say a
word, although like the Senator from Maine
I have no reason to flatter myself that what
I shall say will change the vote of any Sen-
ator.
The Senator who submits this roetion justi-
fies it by some reference to a necessity that
committies should meet to-morrow. His col-
league says the committees will not meet to-
morrow, and there he is obviously right, but
go further and say there is no need of com-
mittees meeting to-morrow, because we have
more work already before us, of which com-
mittees have acquitted themselves, than w«
ean dispose of, and it is utterly idle for any
committee to meet to-morrow except for some
unusual and important matter of which I have
no knowledge and to which no reference has
been made.
This motion means that to-morrow is to be
a play-day; and it is mere sophistry to talk
about committee meetings. It means that
members of the Senate are to enjoy the relax-
ation of Saturday. That would be very well
if we could afford it; but I venture to say that
we cannot afford it and that, as we are going
on, one of two things is to happen : either an
extra session of Congress or an utterly hap-
hazard and hasty disposition of the appropria-
tion bills. We have disposed so far of but two
appropriation bills and all the others are
behind. My friend from Maine [Mr. Mobrill]
corrects me even in that; he says there is only
one appropriation bill completed, and we have
just acquitted ourselves of another upon which
we expended about ten days. Now, how
many working days of this session remain ?
Not twenty working days. Take out Wash-
ington's birthday, the day on which the elect-
oral votes are to be counted, and Sundays,
and the dissipation of time which always pre-
cedes the inauguration, and there are not
twenty working days remaining. We have
several unavoidable questions of very high
privilege to settle. We must dispose in some
way of the Louisiana question because the
counting of the electoral votes is involved in it.
So with regard to the question from Arkansas.
There are other high questions of privilege
here to which I do not refer particularly ; the
Senate understand what they are. We shall
not have if we sit to-morrow ten days that we
can rely upon to devote to the appropriation
bills.
Here, besides, is the French spoliation bill
constantly urged upon us. Here is the bill to
distribute the Geneva award; the two per
cent, bill in which the Senator from Ohio is
very much interested; here is the bill to re-
peal the bankrupt law, which I undertake to
say ought to be acted upon certainly and ex-
peditiously. If the bankrupt act is to fall,
various other bills relating to that subject are
disposed of. If the bankrupt act is to stand,
other bills should be acted upon, and they
hinge upon that question. Now, how can any
