1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1965
the appropriation made last year; but the
Secretary of the Treasury under the advice of
the very able man who is now in charge of the
public buildings of the Government thought
proper to require a more expensive and more
extended, site. He purchased a piece of
ground on Chestnut and Ninth streets hav-
ing two fronts. Afterward the Department
thought it was better to extend the building
mp Ninth street to Market street, making it
about one half larger than was originally
intended, and thus the sum to be expended
is so much increased. It must be remem-
bered also that the old building and the old
site will be sold as soon as this building is
prepared to receive the post office, and that
property will be sold probably for half a mil-
lion dollars, which the Treasury will get credit
for. The Architect of the Treasury thinks it
is better to have the sum now, so that he can
purchase the property between Market street
and the little street below it, the name of
which I do not remember, thus having large
streets on three sides and a small street on the
fourth side.
I remember that one of the arguments of
the chairman of the Committee on Public
Buildings has always been that the public
buildings ought to be separated from private
buildings, and he has instanced the ease in
Boston, where that very expensive building,
the post office, was injured very much because
it adjoined some buildings which were sup-
Eosed to be entirely fire-proof, built of granite,
tit the fire consumed the granite buildings,
and now the chairman in his estimates for
Boston is anxious to buy a large piece of
ground at a much increased price over what
he could have bought it for a few years ago, so
as to make the property entirely safe from fire
from private property.
Philadelphia is the second city in the coun-
try in population, and the business of the post
office there has been very much increased
within the last two years. The money-order
business, of which the Senator from New York
spoke a little while ago, has so much increased
the business in New York that you are com-
pelled to expend $800,000 to make a fourth
story to the new post office there. Now, the
architect of the Treasury and the Secretary of
the Treasury want to make this building per-
fect at once, to secure ground enough immedi-
ately so that you shall not be required here-
after to take off the roof and make a second
or third or fourth story. I think Philadelphia
is entitled to the same spirit of liberality that
is shown to other cities here, and I trust in
justice to her this appropriation will be allowed
to stand as it is in the bill.
Mr. SCOTT. I send to the Chair, and de-
sire to have read on the point made by the
Senator from Vermont, a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury addressed to the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations of
the House.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Department,
Washington, February 6,18(3.
Sis: I desire to call your attention to the fact
that in ease the limitation on the oust of the pro-
posed new post office at Philadelphia is removed,
and in ease it should bo deemed desirable tt> pur-
cbasc a site and commence operations during the
coming season, an appropriation ol $1,500,000 win oe
necessary.
Very respectfully, & £ ^
Secretary.
lion. James A. Garfield, Chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, House of liepretentaUvce.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLE. The proposition offered by the
Senator from Maine striking out the $500,000
of the appropriation was agreed to, as I un-
derstand.
Mr. M06RILL, of Maine. No.
Mr. COLE. I did not hear the question put
in that form exactly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from Maine, finding
himself mistaken as to the estimates, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. COLE. There was no mistake about the
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will correct himself. It was about the appro-
priation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What I remarked
was, that the estimate was a million; but the
letter of -a subsequent date from the Secretary
of the Treasury seemed to be equivalent to an
additional estimate of $500,000, making it
$1,500,000.
Mr. CAMERON. That is it exactly. Let
us have the vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to strike out
"$500,000."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I withdraw the
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations «a; to strike out from lines
ten hundred and seventeen to ten hundred and
nineteen, inclusive, in the following words :
For purchase of the site and commencing con-
struction of the building for the custom-house and
post office at Pqrt Huron, Michigan, $100,000.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to strike out from
line ten hundred and twenty to line ten hun-
dred and twenty-two, inclusive, in the follow-
ing words:
For purchase of site for the building for custom-
house and post office at Cincinnati, Ohio, $750,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Maine,
in order to be logical, ought to vote to increase
this appropriation to a million dollars, for I find
that the amount estimated is one million; but
as the rule does not work both ways, I shall
have to content myself with $750,000. There
is a law which requires the selection of a site
and limits tfte amount; so I will not ask for
any increase.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out from line ten
hundred and twenty-three to ten hundred and
twenty-five in the following words :
For completion of the building for th© custom-
house at Knoxville, Tennessee, $166,747.
Mr. COOPER. I trust the Senate will not
agree with the committee in that recommend-
ation. That is a building now being con-
structed, almost completed, and the appropri-
ation is in strict conformity with the estimates
submitted.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
ten hundred and thirty-six and ten hundred and
thirty-seven, as follows:
For building for appraisers' stores, at San Fran-
cisco, California, $41/8,000.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. The (Jnited States own
now and have owned for some time a very fine
lot of ground in the center of the city, upon
a part of which the custom-house and the ap-
praisers' stores are built. This paragraph is not
correct in speaking of the "appraisers' stores."
The building is intended to accommodate the
United States courts, the internal revenue
offices, and probably to some extent the post
office business. The rent which the United
States are now paying and have had to pay
for a good many years in San Francisco is so
great as to be discreditable to the Govern-
ment. I trust, sir, that the appropriation
will be retained, for I believe that the build-
ing will be a great saving to the Government
Mr. COLE. I should like to have it changed
to "appraisers' stores aud other Government
officers to he accommodated in the building."
Mr. CASSERLY. '• Appraisers' stores and
other Government buildings."
The amendment to the clause was agreed to.
The amendment of the committee to strike
out was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in the appropriation for
the completion of the building for the custom-
house at Portland, Oregon, commencing in
line ten hundred and forty, to strike out the
following proviso:
Provided, That no part of the money appropriated
by this act shall be paid for what is knows as Vaux
patent roofing.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
line ten hundred and forty-three to line ten hun-
dred and forty-seven, inclusive, in the follow-
ing words:
For continuation of construction of the building
for the custom-house, court-house, and post office at
St. Louis, Missouri, $1,000,000: Provided, That the
total cost of the building and site shall sot exceed
$4,000,000.
Mr. SCHURZ. I think it is hardly neces-
sary that I should say a word against the amend-
ment offered by the Committee on Appropri-
ations. They themselves know that this build-
ing at St. Louis is necessary, and they have
offered the amendment only and would have
long ago withdrawn it did they not consider
themselves bound to keep it up for the sake of
maintaining their consistency. The appropri-
ation for St. Louis is strongly recommended,
exceptionally so in the letter read by the Sen-
ator f rom Pennsylvania—the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. I ask, therefore, that
the amendment be disagreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion* is on agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely
desire again to call the attention of the Senate
to another instance. I think there are some
reasons why there should be an increase here ;
but in relation to this building the cost was
fixed at $2,250,000. It is proposed by this
clause to raise it to $4,000,000. I only desire
to call the attention of the Senate to it.
Mr. SCHURZ. I would inform the Senate
that it is not we who demand this increase,
but it is the Secretary of the Treasury; and
if the Senate deems it necessary I shall send
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury to
the desk to be read.
Several Senators. It is not necessary,
Mr. COLE. ' I am very sorry to see these
instances of overriding the limits fixed for
these buildings. I called attention a while ago
to a very large excess over the estimates ori-
ginally for the building in New York city, and
ithas occurred in several other places. " 1 think
that there ought to be some method adopted
of holding the Department to a strict com-
pliance with the limit fixed upon these build-
ings. I do not know why this limit of four mil-
lion is put in here instead of $2,250,000.
Mr. SCHURZ. If the Senator will permit
me, I will send this letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury to the desk to be read.
Mr. COLE. It amounts to a license to
spend four millions on what was originally cal-
culated to cost but little over half that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 43, to strike out
from line ten hundred and forty-eight to ten
hundred and fifty, inclusive, in the following
words:
For completion of a building for post office and
court-house in the city of Ealeigh, North Carolina,
$100,000.
Mr. RANSOM. I hope that amendment
will not be agreed to by the Senate. Raleigh
is the capital of the State ; and at present the
post office is kept in a frame building, which is
no proper place for preserving the archives.
This appropriation is $50,000 less than the
