1966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
estimate made by the Supervising Architect,
and approved by the Secretary of the Treasury.
I trust the amendment will not be agreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in the clause"to
enable the,Secretary of the Treasury to obtain,
by purchase or condemnation, additional land
for the post office in Boston, Massachusetts,"
&c,, line ten hundred and fifty-three, to strike
out the words " all that lot or parceland1
insert " the several lots or parcels ; " so as to
read:
To enable-the Secretary of the Treasury to obtain by
purchase, or to obtain by condemnation in the jsourts
of the State of Massaokusetts„the several lots or par-
cels of land lying easterly of 'the present site of the
new pdst office in Boston, and bounded by said site,
Water strget, Congress street, and Milk street, upqn
the lines of said streets as they are now established
or' may hereafter be established b^due process of
law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after 'the words
"process of law," in line ten hundred and
fifty-eight, to insert:
And for repairing the injuries to the post offico
building, caused by fire, and to extend the building
over said site.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
strike out the words " and to extend the build-
ing over said site."
I am quite ready to extend the site, but I do
not believe that the city of Boston has in-
creased in one year so as to require a larger
building than has already been put up there.
Whenever the city does grow so as to require
it, it will be time enough to extend it over the
new part of the.ground that is purchased, and
therefore 1 move to strikeout these words:
■'and to extend the building over said site."
I see no necessity at present whatever for such
an extension.
The PRESIDING .OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not well
advised in regard to this, but it occurs to me
that while this building is in progress of erec-
tion, if it is desirable that it should be ex-
tended it is more economical to do it at the
present time than at any subsequent period.
I do not know whether the Senator from Ver-
mont is advised on that subject.
Mr. MOKItILL, of Vermont. I only un-
derstsuid—1 think the Senator from Massachu-
setts can so inform the Senate—that the walls
upon this site that it is proposed to extend
havo been completed.
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to take up
the time of the Senate in regard to this ques-
tion ; but certainly this plan has been made
with the greatest possible care, and the pro-
vision iu this section will cost the city of Bos-
ton at least a quarter of a million dollars un-
der the proviso putin here in regard to making
streets. I hope the matter will be permitted
to stand precisely as it is in the section.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As all the
other items seem to have got along, I withdraw
my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the commit-
tee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten hun-
dred and sixty, to increase the amount appro-
priated from $500,000 to $800,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was iu line ten hun-
dred and sixty-two, after the words "purchase
of," to insert the words 11 the several lots or
parcels of land forso as to make the proviso
read:
-Provided, That no money appropriated for this
purpose snail be used or expended in the purchase
of the several lots or parcels of land for said site
until a valid title thereto shall be vested in the
United otales, nor until the Statu of Massachusetts
shall cede its jurisdiction over the same, and shall
duly release andreljnquish to the United States the
right to tax or in any way assess said site and the
property of the United States that may be thereon i
during the time that the United
remain the owner thereof.
shall be or
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 44, line
ten hundred and seventy-one, after the-word
"provision," to strike out the words "unless
and;" and after the word "shall," in line
ten hundred and seventy-two, to strike out the
words: "widen Congress street, along the
proposed new front of said building, to at least
a width of eighty feet, and Milk and Water
streets, where the buildings have been destroyed
by fire, to a width of at least sixty feet," and
insert in lieu thereof, " cause the triangular,
space between Congress, Pearl, Milk, and
Water streets to be opened to the public,' and
graded and paved at the expense of the city;"
so that the proviso will read:
And provided further. That the Secretary of the
Treasury shall make no purchase of land under this
provision until the city of Boston shall cause the
triangular space between Congress, Pearl, Milk, and
Water streets to be opened to the public, and graded
and paved at the expense of the city.
Mr. SAWYER. The language of that
amendment should be changed, and I propose
to amend the amendment by putting in the
words "agreed to" before the word "cause;"
so that it will read : " thatthe Secretary of the
Treasury shall make no purchase of land under
this provision until the city of Boston shall
agree to cause the triangular space, &c. This
will enable the purchase to be made as soon as
the city will engage to do the wofrk; otherwise
we should have to wait until the work was
actually accomplished.
Mr. COLE. I do not see how they can agree.
Mr. SAWYER. If they agree to do it by
their municipal authorities, of course they will
do it. As it stands now, the purchase can-
not be made until after this has actually been
done. But if they pass the proper acts to effect
the object, the purchase can then be made.
There is no doubt about the city authorities
carrying out their promise in this matter.
Mr. WILSON. There is no doubt of its
being done. It will cost the city a million
dollars to do it.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 44, line t«)n hun-
dred and seventy four, after the word " city,"
to insert the words:
And shall widen Milk and Water streets, where
tho buildings have been destroyed by fire, to a width
of at least sixty feet.
So as to read :
Shall cause the triangular spacc between Congress,
Pearl, Milk, and' Water streets to be opened to the
public, and graded and paved at the expense of the
city, and shall widen Milk and Water streets, &c.
Mr. COLE. Those streets, Milk and Water,
are streets of primary importance. [Laugh-
ter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 45, to
strike out lines ten hundred and eighty-three
to ten hundred and eighty-eight, inclusive, in
the following words:
And the balances of appropriations for the cur-
rent fiscal year for the construction of public
buildings under the control of the Treasury Depart-
ment, which may remain unexpended at the close
ot the current fiscal year, are hereby reappropri-
ated forthe fiscal year ending June 30,1874.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 45, line
ten hundred and ninety-one, after the word
"dollars" to insert the words "including
sueh part of the appropriation for the same
object made for the present fiscal year as shall
be expended prior to June 30, 1873;" so as
read i
For machinery for tilnn«w branch mint building,
San .Francisco, California, $250,500, including such
part of the appropriation for the same object made
tor the present fiscal year as shall be expended prior
to June 30,1873.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 45, after
line ten hundred and ninety-four, to insert the
following:
For the Mint at Philadelphia:
Forwagesof workmen, from April 1 to June 30.
1873. $31,250. •
For ordinary expenses for same period, $15,000.
For wages of workmen for fiscal year ending June
30,1874, 8125,000.
For ordinary, expenses, repairs, and replacing
machinery, oils, dies, acids, coal, wood, and other
miscellaneous items for same period, $50,000. '
Mr. COLE. One word of explanation. By
the passage 'of the new Mint law the other day,
at this session of Congress, the money usually
earned by the Mint and that went to pay part
of these expenses is turned into the Treasury,
so that the necessity of making'these appro-
priations is caused by the passage of that bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I suggest to the chairman
that as these appropriations' are really for a
deficiency in the period named, the words
" and be available immediately on the appro-
val of this act" ought to'be inserted.
Mr. COLE. I have no objection to that.
Mr. SCOTT. After the word "dollars" in
line eleven hundred let these words be insert-
ed: "which appropriations shall be available
immediately on the approval of this act."
Mr. COLE. I^am not certain but'that the
new law may affect also the operations of the
Mint in San Francisco ; and if so, the words
"for the Mint at Philadelphia" should be
replaced by the words "for the Mint of the
United States." I think this provision is all
or nearly all for Philadelphia; but I am not
certain that it may not affect the mint at San
Francisco. I will look at the letter of the
Secretary on that point. There is no harm in
changing it so as to read "for mints of the
United States " instead of "for the Mint at
Philadelphia."
The ^RESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be regarded as agreed to, if there be
no objection; and the amendment suggested
by the Senator from Pennsylvania will also be
regarded as agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 46, iu
the appropriations for Rock Island arsenals
Rock Island, Illinois, after the word '' Illinois,"
in line eleven hundred and twenty-one, to
strike out the words "for a new wood-work-
ing and gun-carriage shop, $230,000."
Mr. LOGAN. I hope that will not be done.
The item is in accordance precisely with the
estimates of the Treasury Department and in
accordance with the plans and arrangements
already in process of being completed by the
War Department. I hope the committee, will
not insist on it.
Mr. COLE. This is a new work.
Mr. LOGAN. I know that, but it is esti-
mated for; ftnd I call the attention of the com-
mittee to thft fact that works are being com-
pleted for the purpose of making cannon
and small arms, and this is only for the shop
for making the gun-carriages. If you have
the one, you must have the other. This is
only a part of the plan for the completion of
the work.
_Mr. COLE. There was no intention to dis-
criminate.
Mr. LOGAN. It is estimated for, an8 I
was very much surprised when I saw it was
proposed to strike it out.
Mr. COLE. We regarded it as a new work,
and thought it might be dispensed with "for
one year, as we were incurring so many other
liabilities.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the amendment will
not be agreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 46, line eleven
hundred and twenty-five, after the word "dol-
lars," in the appropriations for Rock Island
arsenal, Rock Island, Illinois, to strike out
the following clause:'" and for one set of sub-
altern officers' quarters, $23,750; in all,
$173,750."
