1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Senator say, and I appeal to any Senator who
would like more than I should like, if there is
such a one, to have to-morrow for himself—
how can any Senator say that it is prudent or
provident for us with the few remaining days
of this session and all the appropriation bills
but one undisposed of, with these questions
of privilege and other important questions
waiting action, to say now we will not come
here to-morrow, and then undertake to justify
it by saying some committee wants to meet,
when, in the first place, there is no committee
to meet that I know of except the Committee
on Privileges and Elections that sits whether
the Senate is in session or not, and any com-
mittee that is to meet to perfect still further
business is to waste its time, because it will
fall with the session and we have moje busi-
ness now upon the table threefold than can be
disposed of during the session.
Therefore, Mr. President, I shall vote against
adjourning over, and I really think if the Sen-
ate could be induced to consider the practical
questif. involved in it, gentlemen would re-
strain their wish to indulge themselves in a
holiday to-morrow; they would not undertake
to convince us that it is economy of time,
driven intotra corner as we are already, to
add this to the days that are to be lost to the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I rise
to make a single observation in regard to this
question of adjourniug over, I have, greatly
to my own inconvenience—and perhaps nobody
else has suffered from it—been out of the Sen-
ate much of the time for a week or two, and I
wish to say to the Senate that I have boon out
in consequence of my duties upon a committee
which is sitting nearly all the time and pro-
poses to sit to-morrow and will probably be
in session six hours to-morrow. I wish to
adjourn over because I should like for reasons
of my own to be in the Senate at least a por-
tion of the time while it is transacting busi-
ness. It seems to be a necessity that the com-
mittee of which I am a member should hold-
these protracted sessions in consequence of
the pressing business before it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thur-
man,] that when the Senate adjourns to-day it
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. CONKLING and Mr. SHERMAN
called for the yeas and nays; and they were
ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 31,
nays 28 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Amos, Bayard, Boreman, Cam-
eron, Casserly, Chandler, Cooper, Davis, Edmunds,
Jfonton, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland. Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston,
Kelly, Machen, Norwood, Ransom, Saul&bury,
Spencer. Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman,
Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers, arid Wright—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Buckingham,
Carponter, Cole, Conklmg, Corbett, Cragin, Ferry
of Michigan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harlan, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Pool. Pratt, Rico, Sawyer,
Scott, Sherman, Stewart, West, Wilson, and Win-
dom—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Clayton, Ferry of Connecticut, Howe, Lewis, Osborn,
l'atterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Robertson, Schurz,
and Sumner—14.
So the motion was agreed to.
hops® bills referred.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions:
> A bill (H. R. No. 2818) for the relief of
; Sally Clark, widow of Joseph L. Clark, de-
ceased, a soldier of the war of 1812 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3719) granting a pension
to Ephraim Hunt: and
A bill (H. R. No. 3720) granting a pen-
sion to Josiah Wilson, a soldier of the war of
1812.
The bill (H. II. No. 3352) making appro-
priations for the construction, preservation,
and repairs of certain fortifications and other
works of defense, was read twice by its title,
aud referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions. „ , . ,. „ „
The bill {H. R. No. 3721) for the relief of
the widow of Alexander F. Crosman, deceased,
late commander United States Navv. was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. _
The concurrent resolution of the House of
Representatives for the printing of two thou-
sand copies of the illustrated report of the
Light-House Board was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
The amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the concurrent resolution of the
Senate for the printing of additional copies
of the report and accompanying maps of the
Darien surveying expedition was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
patent office report.
The YICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Commissioner of Pat-
ents, communicating his annual repor t for the
year ending December 81, ,1872 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents, and
ordered to be printed.
australian steamship link.
Mr. STEWART. I now move that the
Senate resume the consideration of the Aus-
tralian steamship bill.
' Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The Senator from Ne-
vada moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the bill indicated by him,
pending which the Senator from Ohio moves
that the Senate do now adjourn, and the ques-
tion is on the latter motion.
Mr. NYE. Before the question is put I ask
if it is exactly fair. I had charge of the
Australian bill. ["Order!" "Order!"]
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn a division was called for; and there
were—ayes 23, noes 32.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 15, nays 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn. Ames, Anthony, Carpen-
ter, Chandler, Conkling, Edmunds, Ferry of Mich-
igan, Hill, Machen, Pratt, Sherman, Tipton, Viek-
ers. and Wright—15.
.NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Cameron, Cas-
serly, Cole. Cooper, Corbett, Cragin, Fenton, Flan-
agan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Groldthwaite, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock, John-
ston,Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Norwood, Nye, Pool, Ramsey, Han-
som, Rico, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Sprague, Ste-
venson, Stewart, Stockton. Xhurman, Trumbull,
West, and Windom—40.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Clayton, Davis, Ferry of Connecticut,
Hamilton of Maryland, Howe, Lewis, Osborn, Pat-
terson, Potneroy, Robertson, Schurz, Spencer, Sum-
ner, and Wilson—18.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The .PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada, to proceed to the consideration of the
Australian steamship bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I voted
to adjourn over upon the idea that this bill
would go over until Monday, and that it would
then be laid aside to consider the currency bill
or the Alabama bill, as the Senate might think
it best to take up one or the other first; but if
it is the disposition of the Senate, as it appears
to be, to continue the consideration of this bill
so as to bring it to an end, to which I have no
objection, then I think we had better sit to-
morrow and devote the day to it, so as ro have
Monday for other public business. I move,
therefore, to reconsider the vote by which the
Senate agreed to adjourn over to Monday.
["No!" "No!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on the motion of the Senator
from Nevada, to proceed to the consideration
of the bill named by him, pending which the
motion of the Senator from Vermont is not in
order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not in order to move to
reconsider!
Mr. CONKLING. Not when another mo-
tion is pending.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If tRat is the rule the
Senate ought to understand it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am opposed to tak-
ing up this bill in order to give it priority
in the business of the Senate on Monday
next, and on that question I desire to express
some views as to the nature and character of
this bill. • '
If the Senate adjourn to-day after having
taken up the bill, it will be pending before us
on Monday ; and from the nature of the ques-
tions involved in it, we know it will take at
least a day or two. The friends of this bill
cannot saddle upon the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States $5,000,000, an annuity of $500,000
for ten years, without exciting some opposi-
tion and some debate. Thus far I supposed
that the honorable Senator from Nevada sim-
ply desired to have the matter presented in
order to give his views to the Senate and the
country, and that then the bill would be allowed
to lie over ; but now the project is presented
to us for a vote on a subsidy for ten years of
$500,000 a year. Last year these parties asked
but $300,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I rise
to a question of order. It is not in order to
discuss the merits of a bill on a motion to
take up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the proposition, but does not know
that the Senator from Ohio has violated it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not intend to vio-
late the rules or the practice of the Senate.
As the Senator from Illinois very well knows,
moving to take up a bill opens a wide region
of debate even under the limited rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have known the Senate
to spend a whole day in debating the interest-
ing question whether they would take up a
particular bill or not. I think my honorable
friend has himself led off in such debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a very bad prac-
tice.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know; but it is per-
fectly legitimate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have adopted a
rule since those days.
Mr. STEWART. Let the rule be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the rule. There is no doubt
the point made by the Senator from Illinois
as an abstract proposition is correct; but that
leaves the question untouched of what is de-
bate on the merits. The Chair was not pay-
ing particular attention to the remarks of the
Senator from Ohio, and was not, therefore,
aware whether up to that point they had tran-
scended the rule or not. He will watch them
hereafter.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am waiting to hear the
rule read, as I am called to order.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio is on the floor.
Mr. HILL. While the rule is being looked
up, I want to ask the Senator and the Senate
to permit me to introduce a short bill by way
of giving variety to the proceedings. [Laugh-
ter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has ordered the rule to be read, and in the
meantime no other business can be trans-
acted.
The Chief Clerk read from Rule 11 the con-
cluding sentence, as follows;
''And motions to lake up or proceed to the con-
sideration of any question shall he determined
without debate upon the merits of the question pro-
posed to be considered."
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President,.
