42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
which have been already entered as free home-
steads by actual settlers, we still own, in com-
parison with other nations, a domain of unex-
ampled extent and of inestimable value. Of
lands unsold and unappropriated we still hold
1.37t>,o29..Hi2 acres. While it is our duty to
hiifbnnd this vast, and yet unexpended patri-
mony, beating in mind that at least a moiety,
made up ot Alaska and the great American
desert, iuay be counted at zero, and while it
may be our duty to reject the hungry demands
of too selfish commercial enterprises, can
there be a safer, more serviceable and desirable
disposition of a few million acres of the re-
mainder of the public lands—not amounting
to four percent, of what we have left—than to
devote that much to the purposes of the bill
now under consideration? This will hardly
be more thau we have donated to single States,
not so much as to single corporations, and yet
how much broader will be the diffusion of
profits, not perhaps directly in dollars and
cents, but in raising the staudard of scientific
culture in every State of the Union of those
who are willing to work with their hands,
of those who will be willing to give their lives
whenever their country calls!
conclusion.
The facts presented show that we still have
abundant landsatour disposal, and, whether we
look at the interest of the dwellers thereon or
that of the Government, that they are not
likely to be disposed of more usefully or upon
sounder principles of national economy. May
it not also be claimed that the wisdom of
founding these institutions no longer needs
vindication ? Though hardly out of their
swaddling clothes they speak for themselves,
and furnish a cloud of unimpeachable wit-
nesses testifying to the value of the work be-
ing done, as well asof the greater work yet to be
done. If the.whole system will tend to increase
the productions or the profits of agriculture,
or to enlarge the skill and power of American
mechanics, or to improve minds now lying
fallow, or to raise our whole people to a higher
plane of moral and scientific value, increasing
both employments and remuneration—and all
this I have no doubt will be realized—then the
measure should excite the warmest solicitude
and have our broadest and heartiest support.
The curious maps published with our last
census report show conclusively that wealth is
uniformly distributed in an inverse ratio to
illiteracy.
It is a national work, embracing our whole
country, costing hardly more than has been
proposed for a ten years subsidy to lines of
commerce, and less than has been, perhaps,
profitably given to a single railroad, but how
immeasurably higher in its scope and how
much grander in its far-reaching results I By
so much as the brain is superior to the pocket
does this measure challenge favor. We seek
for Americans that knowledge and virtue
which shall give to them the foremost rank
among men. Such a rank is the chief luster
of nations, and is created, not by one man
sparkling amid benighted thousands, but by
the masses polished and resplendent in the
aggregate. No one, however humble, should
be without some ambition to improve himself,
but a citizen of the United States is, also,
bound to improve and carry onward the good
name of his whole country.
The character of a nation is determined by
its antecedents. To-day is the father of to-
morrow. We make the present, and are there-
fore responsible for the future. Here we plant
the acorns assured that oaks will grow.
Here we modestly lay the foundation upon
which a superstructure will rise to the glory of
future generations. Let us show that Colum-
bus did not discover a world too large for a
free people. A great part of legislative work
accomplishes its utmost purpose and is obso-
lete at the end of the year, but here is work
that we may fondly hope will endure for ages,
'■'here will be no immediate splendor, but a
spark will be lighted which may illumine the
whole land and lil t a cloud from the path-
way of the sons of toil, regardless of ancestry
or race, that will open to them higher spheres
of service and honor, give to republican in-
stitutions a more enlightened and enduring
support, and make a nation which shall not
only deserve to live, but deserve to be im-
mortal.
Mr. President, I ask to have this subject
postponed until one week from to-day, at one
o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be entered, there being no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
l'he motion was agreed to ; and (at two
o'clock and two minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 5. 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. G. J. Minguis, of New York city.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
captain l. c. sartori.
Mr. COGHLAN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3022) to restore
Captain L. C. Sartori to his original position
on the Navy Register ; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
exchequer of america.
Mr. WHEELER, by unanimous consent,
(and by request,) introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3023) to incorporate the governor and man-
agers of the exchequer of the United States of
America; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to ;
the Committee on Banking and Currency.
mrs. margaretta s. meade.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent, in- 1
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3024) granting a
pension to Mrs. Margaretta S. Meade, widow
of Major General George G. Meade; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. L. MYERS moved that the bill be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
Mr. RANDALL. I would suggest to my
colleague to allow this bill to lie upon the
table, so that it can be called up at any time.
Mr. L. MYERS. I consent t,o that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the bill had better be referred. It would
require the same unanimous consent to take J
it from the table for consideration as to have
it reported at any time from the committee.
Mr. L. MYERS. So I had supposed. I
will adhere to my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
referred accordingly.
tax on leaf tobacco.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3025) to
amend section thirty-one of the act approved
June 6, 1872, so as to permit farmers and
planters to sell leaf tobacco without restric-
tion, and to modify the law requiring a tax on
retail dealers in leaf tobacco; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
republican valley railroad.
Mr. TAFFE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3026) to sell certain
public lands to the Republican Valley Rail-
road Company, and for other purposes ; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
john weber.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 3027) for the relief
of John Weber; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SEItVICE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States; wlr'ch was read, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
I transmit herewith a report, dated the 2d instant,
received from the Secretary of State, supplement-
ary to a report submitted by liim under date of the
8th of November, 1S71, with reference to the ex-
penditures authorized by the fourth and fifth para-
graphs of the act of March 3,1871, and by the act of
May 18,1872, milking appropriations for the increased
expenses and compensation for extraordinary ser-
vices of certain diplomatic and consular officers of
the United States by reason of tho late war between
France and Prussia. These expenditures have been
made on my approval.
TJ. S. GRANT.
Washington, December 2,1872.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States; which was read, ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs:
To the Senate and Bouse of Representatives :
I transmit herewith to Congress a report, dated
the 2d instant, with the accompanying papers, re-
ceived from the Secretary of State, in compliance
with the requirements of the eighteenth section of
the act entitled "An act to regulate the diplomatic
and consular systems of theUnited States," approved
August 18, 1866.
TJ, S. GRANT.
W aSiiington, December 3,1872.
sufferers by fire in boston.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee of Ways and
Means, with an amendment, House bill No.
2'J93, for the relief of the sufferers by fire in
Boston.
The bill, which was read, provides that there
shall be allowed and paid, under such regula-
tions as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribe, on all materials imported into the
port and district of Boston and Charlestown,
for use and actually used in the construction
and completion of buildings erected on the
site of buildings burned by the fire of Novem-
ber 9 and 10, 1872, a drawback of the import
duties paid on the same ; and such drawback
shall be allowed on such goods so imported
and so used as shall be in warehouse on the
day the act goes into effect, provided that
materials shall have been imported and used
during the term of two years from and after
the passage of the act.
The amendment was to strike ont of 'bo
proviso the words " two years," and to insert
" one year,"
Mr. DAWES. I will state that this bill is
precisely like the bill that was passed in refer-
ence to Chicago, with the single exception
that in that bill the article of lumber was
excepted. Otherwise this is precisely likethat
bill, time and all.
Mr. CONGER. I think a similar exception
should be put in this bill.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, it is hardly
necessary to call attention to this matter at
any length. While the fire in Boston did not
spread over so great an area as that of Chi-
cago, and perhaps did not destroy so much
property, it is gratifying to know it did not
bring so much personal suffering by depriving
families of their homes and places of protec-
tion against the inclemency of the approaching
winter; but, nevertheless, its destruction of
property on the area where the fire raged was
greater, perhaps, than that of any other fire on
record, and the amount of property destroyed
was that which entered more largely into the
business of the country than the amount of
destruction caused by any other fire. The
necessity to trade, as well as to the people
iuvolved in it, of a speedy restoration of that
area as nearly as possible to its former condi-
tion of activity in the butsiuess of the country,
