1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
1967
Mr. LOGAN. If there is any desire on the
part of the Senate to know the reason why
that clause should remain in the bill, I have
them here printed in a document from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. It shows the necessity
is for these quarters. The present quarters
are nearly rotting down and amount to nothing.
They estimated for two sets of quarters, but the
bill provides for but one here. ' The appropria-
tion is belo w the estimate of the Secretary of the
Treasury. He estimated $47,000, 'and the
committee cut it down to $23,750.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEVENSON. I want to offer an
amendment by way of addition to the appro-
priation in line eleven hundred and thirty-
seven. It does not appropriate any money,
but guards the Treasury. I move to insert:
And that all expenses incurred in making surveys
by Army engineers required by any law authorizing
the building of railroad bridged across the Missis-
sippi river or other navigable waters subject to the
supervision or direction of the Secretary of War
shall be paid by the railroad company applying for
such survey and who are authorized by law to con-
struct such bridge: Provided, That the provisions
oi an act entitled 'An act further regulating the
construction of bridges across the Mississippi river,*'
approved June 4, 1872, shallnot be construed to ap-
ply to any bridge that was actually located, and in
reterence to which a map^howing such location was
filed with the Secretary of War prior to the date of
the approval of said act; but an'y such bridges so
located shall in all respects, except as to such loca-
tion. be subject to the terms, restrictions, and require-
ments contained in the fifth section of an act enti-
tled ' An act to authorize the construction of abridge
across the Mississippi river at or near the toWn of
Chilton,- in the State of. Iowa, and other bridges
across said river, and to establish them as post
roads," approved April 1,1872.
Mr. HAMLIN. I raise the question of order
whether that amendment is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 47, in the appro-
priations for Rock Island arsenal, Rock Island,
Illinois, to strike out lines eleven hundred and
forty one, eleven hundred and forty-two, and
eleven hundred and forty-three, in the follow-
ing words:
For a new guard-house, fire-engine house, and
quartermaster's and commissary storehouse, $27,500.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope that amendment will
not be agreed to, and I will read what the
Secretary of the Treasury furnishes as testi-
mony of it. The Secretary says:
" A iK'rt' guard-house, fire-engine house, and quar-
termaster's and commissary storehouse.
" The temporary wooden prison buildings which
have heretofore been used in lieu of this building
are nearly destroyed with deeay, and must be re-
moved in a year or'two."
That is the necessity for this building. I
hope the amendment will not be agreed to.
The amendment was rejected*
The next amendment was on page 47, line
eleven hundred and forty-nine, in the appro-
priations for Benicia arsenal, Benicia, Cali-
fornia, after the word "California," to-strike
out the following clause :
For one set of officers' quarters, $26,571.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was on p%ge 48, lines
eleven hundred and.fifty-seven ana eleven hun-
dred and fifty-eight, to reduce the total appro-
priation for Benicia arsenal, Benicia, Califor-
nia from $50,045 to $23,474.
Mr. COLE. I voted against concurrence in
the amendment for the reason that on the
opposite page the same item was agreed to
for the other arsenal, and these items are about
on an equal footing. If we do it in one case
we must do it i the other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The other
being retained and deducted out of the sub-
sequent appropriation, this amendment should
be disagreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was on page 48, after
line eleven hundred and fifty-eight, to insert
the following:
For the construction of depot buildings, including
_ i, offices, and commissary and quartermaster's
store-rooms at San Antonio, Texas. 8100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the bill was continued to line
eleven hundred and seventy-four where the
items for "buildings and grounds in and
around Washington" begin.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
move an amendment on line eleven hundred
and seventy-four, to strike out " $5,000" and
insert " $15,000" as the appropriation for "the
monumental grounds. I think I only ask a
moderate appropriation for so large grounds
as those around the monument, and the evi-
dence that so small a sum of money can make
very great improvements there should encour-
age the Senate to give • a little heed to the
recommendations of the officer in charge of
these grounds. I notice that the House have
appropriated but $5,000. I think twenty or
twenty-five thousand dollars waS asked; at
any rate twenty or twenty-five thousand dol-
lars would not be too much; but at the same
time I will not propose to iucrease it beyond
$15,«00, and I ask that $15,000 instead of
$5,000 be placed there.
Mr. COLE. I think the Senator from Ver-
mont has perhaps overlooked the fact that last
year we made a large appropriation for 'this
object, and I suppose it has been, or will be
before the"5" end of this fiscal year-, very judi-
ciously expended, and these $5,000 will be
all that will be needed for the next fiscal year.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir; it
was a very small appropriation, and made to
go a great way last year.*
Mr. COLE". We made a very large appro-
priation last year; I think twenty-five or thirty
thousand dollars.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Oh, no; it
was very small indeed.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Now I move
to add at the end of this line eleven hundred
and seventy-four:
And for shed and fence to inclose a park for
deer, $1,000.
I offer this amendment at the request of the
officer in charge of the public buildings and
grounds. The Government has already had
presented to it three deer and some other
animals, and it will be a great ornament to
have them upon these grounds properly pro-
vided for. All that it will require will be a
little shed and a proper fence, and I trust there
will be no hesitation on the part of the Senate
in granting so small an appropriation as is
necessary to accomplish so necessary an object
as this. I ask for only $1,000.
Mr. COLE. One thousand dollars for a
fence for three deer I That is pretty dear.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood the Senator
from Vermont to say that the chief inciting
cause for this expenditure of a thousand dollars
is that the Government has recently become the
owner of three deer. Now, sir, I should, say
that the result of that is thrice dear to the Gov-
ernment, [Laughter.] . .
Why, sir, how does the fact that the Govern-
ment of the United States is the happy posses-
sor of three deer render it necessary to spend
$1,000> on a shed and a fence? I think we
might inclose three deer, unless they are very
wild and very powerful, at a much smaller ex-
pense than $1,000. If I were not aware of the
gravity and general weight of character of the
Senator from Vermont, I mighty imagine that
there was some joke lying hidden in this
amendment of his. Is there anythingpeculiar
about these three deer, I ask the Senator, that
it requires a fence at an expense of a thousand
dollars to Iceep them from returning to their
original state of wild ijature ? The Senator from
South Carolina [Mx. Sawyer] suggests that of
course being a deer fence it must cost a great,
deal of money, which is the very best reason I
have heard given yet—much better than any I
have been able to'think of.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, we all know the high taste and culture
of the Senator from California, and he is the
last man to object to any object of taste; and
certainly he would not desire on as elegant
grounds as these that are owned by the United
Slates to put up any kind of a fenee that would
be a nuisance. It should be something that
would be rather ornamental; and it seSiMra to
me that we can hardly mention a sum- tMat
would be smaller, after having talked about
millions for the last page or two; it strikes xne
that a thousand can be very well expended. It
is for what is found in the public grounds of na-
tions abroad, and even some of our owh States
take pains to have grounds of this kind filled
with these animals.
Mr. MACHEN. I presume the Senate -do
not purpose sitting all night to-night, and I ain
in hopes they are prepared to hear a motion to
adjourn. , ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will entertain the motion.
Mr. COLE. I think it is the desire of the
Senate that we shall get through with this bill
to-night. This is Friday night.
Mr. MACHEN. Mr. President, I have a
good deal of capacity for endurance, but.I had
to make a little speech this morning when
it took both hands to pull my eyes open
almost to begin with, [laughter,] and I do not
like to consider subjects under such circum-
stances. While I have a good deal of endur-
ance I do not think that I can sit here for
forty-eight hours without some sleep if I mean
to mature subjects well and do my duty as a
legislator. I believe we have sat long-enough
and I move that we adjourn.
Mr. COLE. I hope the" Senator will not
make that motion and break up a quorum.
We ought to get through with this bill to-night
for the reason that there are several appropria-
tion bills yet behind and we are at the close
of one of the very last days of the session. It
must be apparent to all that unless we get
through with this bill to-night we shall be in
very great danger of failing to pass some of the
appropriation bills. I do think we aught by
all means (and that is the judgment of the
Senate, so far as I have heard it expressed) to
get through with this bill to-night, and we are
now nearly through with it. I know it is very
tedious; we were here yesterday some twenty-
two hours and had no sleep; I have had none
since the day before yesterday, I think it was,
but I hardly know how to compute time .in this
continuous work ; and I know that the clerks
are very tired; but I do think that the neces-
sity is so pressing on us that we ought to go on
and pass this bill to-night and have it reported
to the other House early to-morrow morning,
in order thai it may be printed and disposed
af there before the commencement of -next
Mr. MACHEN. The gentleman thinks it
will not take long to get through with thc -bilJ.
We have gone through forty-eight pages, and
the whole number is sixty-one. We have yet
thirteen, pages to pass over.
Mr. ANTHONY. I rise to a point of order.
If we aire going to have debate let us, talk
about the bill. *
Mr. MACHEN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator indulge me
one word?
Mr. MACHEN. Yes, sir.
. Mr. COLE. It is certainly a movement in
favor of an extra session. That is all I have
to say.
Mr. MACHBN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.-
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn. [" Too latei"]
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
