1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
is so apparent, that whatever is legitimate at
our hands, it seems to me, there should be no
question that we consent to afford.
The committee have not thought it best to
exclude lumber us was done in the ea^e of the
Chicago bill, and have reported this bill pre-
cisely as they reported that bill. They yielded
to p'essure from the West in the case ot the
Chicago bill, but practically they understand
in a great measure that exception did not
prove of so much gain to those who were anx-
ious for it, inasmuch as it caused, as far as it
was possible, lumber to be manufactured be-
fore it was brought into the country, encour-
aging the industry of foreign nations at the
expenseof ourown. The importation of lumber
in the shape of sashes, doors, cornices, and
lumber partially manufactured abroad, beyond
that which goes by the technical name of lum-
ber, it is within the knowledge of the commit-
tee was resorted to under that bill, so that
any benefit, to that extent, to those who Ex-
pected it from the exception made was lost;
but, on the contrary, was an inducement to the
erection of establishments of-industry outside
of the country, which certainly it is uot desir-
able to encourage. This fire occurred upon the
seaboard in the eastern part of the country,
where, more directly than anywhere else, it
would seriously affect the sufferers if the ex-
ception were retained. I trust, therefore, there
will be no objection to the passage of the bill
in its present form.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, lumber is not
excepted from this bill as it was in the bill
for the relief of Chicago, and without that
exception it will probably affect the district
which I represent more directly than any part
of the country. Bangor furnishes mostly that
product of lumber. The city of Bangor
through her insurance suffers in this fire to the
extent of about $600,000, and the Boston
Daily Advertiser in commenting on the sub-
j?c' =tates that Bangor in its loss in Boston
received as much shock in proportion to her
moneyed capital as even the city of Boston
itself; but inasmuch as this House has gener-
ously stood by her on the question of tariff on
lumber heretofore, I am willing to vote for
the bill it is, with lumber included.
Mr. CONGER rose.
Mr. DAWES. 1 retain the floor, but will
yield to the gentleman from Michigan.
The SPEAKER. The Chair regards the
gentleman from Massachusetts as occupying
the floor for one hour.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, I do not wish
to antagonize this bill in behalf of my constit-
uents and thosewho represent lumber districts
in the West and in the northern States. While
it does not as directly as ki the case of Chicago
affect the interests of the northwestern States,
yet to day Massachusetts and all the New Eng-
land States get a large proportion of one class
of lumber from Michigan. There is very little
clear lumber manufactured from Maine, and
very little clear lumber would coine from New
Brunswick. The kind desired most in the
rebuilding of Boston will come from my own
district in the State of Michigan.
Mr. PETERS. I think from Canada mostly.
Mr. CONGER. It will come from the east-
ern part of Michigan, and trains of cars are
now, and have been for the year past, loaded
with the kind of lumber which will be used in
rebuilding the city of Boston, passing across
the St. Clair river and going on the cars
directly to New England, and in vessels down
the lakes and canals in that direction, too. I
hesitate somewhat more in this case than on a
former occasion in making any remarks in
opposition to the bill. In that case Chicago
was the great lumber market, and three thou-
sand million feet of the lumber of Michigan
and ot Wisconsin were marketed there. It.
was a question, therefore, of vital interest to
our people. This is secondary; and if my
friend from Maine [Mr. Peters] yields so
gracefully to the matter, after entering my
protest against the bill on behalf of my con-
stituents, and believing it to be a wrong to the
lumber interest, I too, perhaps, may yield
more strenuous opposition, for eastern lum-
bermen are more directly interested in the
result. But I would say to my protective tariff
friend from Massachusetts that there is the
same propriety in permitting such manufac-
tures as are produced by Massachusetts to be
brought into the State of Michigan free of
duty, excluding New England manufacturers
from our market, as there is in permitting the
lumber of foreign countries to be brought into
Boston free of duty, and thus excluding us
from their market. And I tell the gentleman
that the time may come when they will desire
the assistance of the western and northwestern
States to protect their industrial interests, and
we may then refer to the carelessness with
which they looked upon the protection of our
markets. But they pay their money and take
their choice, and will of course abide the
result.
Mr. DAWES. There is not, I am most
happy to say, precisely the same reason for
admitting free the products of foreign coun-
tries which come into competion with the pro-
ducts of Michigan as there is at this time,
under presentcircnmstances, for admitting free
the lumber of foreign conntries into the port
of Boston. That difference, existing for the
moment, the gentleman will see ; it lies in the
misfortune which justifies the bill. There
would be no justification for the bill if there
were not at this moment a difference in the
position of Boston from that of Michigan.
And if Michigan now lay in ashes, or if any
considerable city of that, State, being a busi-
ness center from which flowed out through the
channels of commerce, like the arteries of the
human body, business all over-the country, had
beeninthetwinklingof an eyerednced to ashes,
any temporary relief which was within the power
of the Government of the United States that
Government would as readily accord to any
young and growing and proud city of Michi-
gan as, I am happy to believe, it will accord
it now to the older city of Boston. _ It will, I
have no doubt, accord to that city in the hour
of its misfortune the same relief that it gave
last year to the young but giant city of Chi-
cago, which has arisen a marvel from its
ashes within a year, inspired by the courage
which our bill gave them, enabling its people
to go on and obtain the material for rebuild-
ing their city at fair and reasonable prices. It
was not that their neighbors in Michigan would
have attempted to take advantage of their mis-
fortune, any more, I suppose, than anybody
else. When the Government undertook to re-
lieve them from exposure to any such attempt,
so that they went on with increased courage,
it was not that Michigan was any more dis-
posed than any other part of the country to
avail herself of that opportunity ; but it was
an assurance from the General Government
that there should be no opportunity for any
considerable portion of the producers of the
country to avail themselves of the misfor-
tunes of the sufferers; that is all.
We come here asking for nothing except
what is made exceptional, and not a rule. I
trust that it will not be our lot year after year
to pass these bills. When we passed that for
Chicago all of us hoped it would be the last
one we should be called to pass ; and what has
occurred to cause the necessity for this bill
is one of the inscrutable dispensations of
Providence over which we have no control.
MESSAGE i'KOM TIIK SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Mc-
Donald, its chief clerk, informed the House
that in the absence of the Vice President the
Senate had chosen Hon. Hent.y B. An-
thony, a Senator from Rhode Island, Presi-
dent of the Senate pro tempore.
SUFFERERS BY THE FIRE IN BOSTON.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill to provide reliet for the sufferers by lire
in Boston.
Mr. DAWES. I yield a few moments t,o the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Conger.]
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, neither for
myself nor lor those that I represent, nor for
the members of Congress from Michigan or
the northwestern States, could 1 consent to
have the impression or imputation made at all
that we fail in any respect in sympathy, in
kindness, or in the desire to alleviate the suf-
ferings of those people in Boston who have
suffered by the late disastrous fire. The rep-
resentatives of my State, in the Senate and in
this House, on the presentation of the former
bill for the relief of Chicago, desired and
urged that Congress should make an appro-
priation directly for the relief of the sufferers
by fire in that city as large as was necessary
to give confidence and to restore the ruined
places of Chicago, and we would be willing
to support the same proposition now in refer-
ence to Boston. But, inasmuch as the plan
was adopted of giving relief from the pay-
ment of duties, we desired to protect the peo-
ple of Michigan and the western States from
sharing doubly, the losses which the fires in
that region had occasioned, and the loss of a
portion of the market for the productions
of our own people who had suffered so
greatly by the fires which destroyed the lives,
the houses, the property, and the pine forests
of Michigau and Wisconsin; and 1 tell the
gentleman that there are thousands and thou-
sands of families in the States of Michigan
and Wisconsin over whose homes the flames
swept with ruthless destruction, who were
left utterly peuuiless in this world, with no
homes, no clothing, no property, and who
are compelled to repurchase the manufac-
tures of New England and of the world
and to start anew in life. It is that these
hardships shall fall evenly upon all the people
of the United States that I would make objec-
tion to this bill if I thought it proper to do
so, and I make these remarks only that I may
be consistent with my former action in regard
to the bill for the relief of the people -of
Chicago.
Mr. DAWES. I yield now for a few
moments to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Lynch.]
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I shall vote
for this bill, but for very different reasons than
those which actuated me in voting for the bill
which I introduced myself for the relief of the
people of Portland, and also for the bill for
the relief of the people of Chicago. Those
bills were relief bills, and I shall vote for this
bill with the full understanding that it is not a
relief bill. If the gentleman had included in
his bill a drawback upon the amount of mer-
chandise burnt, it would have been a relief bill;
for every gentleman who knows anything about
the condition of the losses occasioned by the
Boston fire knows that the loss was principally
a loss of merchandise and not of real estate,
and that, to-day, the real estate in that portior
of Boston which was burnt over, taking intc
account the insurance received, will sell for
as much as it would before the fire.
The real suffering in Boston is by the loss
of merchandise and the consequent failure of
merchants. There is not, I undertake to say,
a real estate owner in Boston who has really
suffered by his losses in the fire. I hope,
therefore, that the gentleman will include in
his bill merchandise, so that those who really
need relief will get relief, and I shall vote for
his bill with more satisfaction then, although
I will vote for it as it now stands.
Mr. DAWES. I will say, sir, that I did
not feel like coming before the House in nnj
other attitude than that in which the Chicago
sufferers came. I should, of course, have
