1008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
• Tbe Clerk read as follows ;
Strike out all affcor the resolving clause and insert
tbe following•, . , A
That it shall be the duty of the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to examine and determine
the amounts justly due upon the claims for expenses
necessarily incurred in suppressing Indian hostilities
in the Territory of Montana, in the year 1867, which
have been examined and reported upon by Inspector
General James A. Hardie; but in no case shall the
sum allowed thereon be in excess of the award re-
ported by said General Hardie; and in such investi-
gation the testimony taken by General Hardie m
relation thereto shall be received in evidence, but
the same shall not'be regarded as conclusive unless
said officers are satisfied therewith. And the sums
so found to be due shall be paid to the persons sev-
erally entitled thereto by a disbursing officer, under
the direction of the Secretary of War: Provided,
That the acceptance of such payment shall belniuli
of all claims on account of said expenses: And pro-
vided further, That no claim under the provisions of
this act shall be audited and paid unless presented
within one year from the passage of this act.
Mr. DONNAN. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Holman] will see that the substitute
contains no direct appropriation.
• Mr. HOLMAN. I still desire to retain tlie
right to raise the point of order. But before
urging it I wish to hear some explanation of
the resolution. I presume the Committee on
Military Aff'afrs have made a report on the
subject, but I think the subject is one with
which the House is not very familiar. I think
it is a subject with which the House is not gen-
erally familiar.
Mr. DONNAN. The committee not only
made a report in this case, but they submitted
to the House with their report the evidence
taken before the committee, consisting of fifty
pages. If the motion to reconsider shall be
agreed to, I will make a brief statement and
then yield a portion of my hour to those gen-
tlemen who are opposed to the passage of the
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there any reason why
this claimant cannot be paid under some exist-
ing law
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
that whether the point of order will lie or not
depends upon whether it was made oil the
2-lth of May, when the bill was reported to the
House.
Mr. DONNAN. It was not.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume that the record
will show that the bill was reported back and
recommitted without being considered by the
House.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair would
hold the point of order to be good.
Mr. DONNAN. The bill was not consid-
ered, it was simply ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair holds the
point of order to be in time. If the bill had
been considered and then recommitted the
point of order would not have been good;
but in this case it is if the gentleman insists
upon it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do insist upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Donnan] that
on the motion to reconsider the point of order
cannot be made ; it will only be good when
the bill is brought before the House, and upon
the motion to reconsider the merits of the bill
can be discussed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the gentleman
should make.a more definite statement as to
the nature of this claim, as it involves a large
amount of money.
Mr. DONNAN. I can make a statement
in relation to this claim now, although I
suppose the House will consent to the recon-
sideration. The origin of this claim, Mr.
Speaker, is as follows: early in the spring
of 1867 the authorities of the Territory of
Montana, as well as the people of that Ter-
ritory, became seriously alarmed on account
of threatened attacks by Indians. The Gov-
ernor of Montana, General Meagher, wrote to
the War Department, asking that troops should
be ordered for the defense of the Territory.
The War Department hesitated, and he then
telegraphed to the War Department, asking
that he might muster in citizens of the Terri-
tory, under the authority of the United States,
for the purpose of defense. .The War Depart-
ment declined to accede to that request. Later,
in the month of May, he again telegraphed to
the War Department, and the Department,
through General Sherman, finally telegraphed,
authorizing him to take such steps as might be
necessary for the protection of the people of
that Territory. He telegraphed then to Gen-
eral Sherman, who responded in a dispatch,
dated May 7, 1867, as follows:
Headq'ks Mrr.. Div. op the Missouri,
St. Louis, Mo,, May 7,1867.
Francis Meaghek, .
Act. Gov. Montana, Her., Virginia Uity;
If Indians enter the valley of the Gallatin, organ-
ize eight hundred volunteers and drive them out.
These troops should only be used until the regulars
reach the Yellowstone.
W. 1. SHERMAN,
Jjieutenant General.
Official copy respectfully furnished by mail.
A. C. "NICHOLS,
Assistant Adjutant General.
The Governor of the Territory then attempted
to organize troops, but enlistments were slow,
and the citizens of the Territory would not
furnish the necessary supplies. Later in the
month the Governor again telegraphed to
General Sherman, explaining the dangerous
position in which he was placed, and urging
that he might be authorized to enlist troops on
account of the General Government. On the
24th of May the General commanding tele-
graphed as follows to Colonel Lewis, who had
been directed to take charge of military affairs
in the Territory:
St. Louis, Mo., May 24,1867.
Muster in abattalionof eight hundred men, at the
cost of the United States, for two months; equip
thorn ay you can best until the arms en route reach
Port Benton; move quickly to the threatened point,
when the danger will either disappear or be removed:
let the men furnish their own horses at forty cents
per day, and he rationed by contract; when tho ser-
vice is rendered, I will ordor payment by regular
paymaster. ^ W. T. SHERMAN. _
Lieutenant General Commanding.
Colonel W. H. Lewis,
Virginia City, Montana Territory.
Colonel Lewis himself, on an examination be-
fore a committee of the Senate in 1870, t estified
that he could not obtain subsistence for the
men and horses; but the Governor of the Ter-
aitory proceeded with the enlistment of citizens
believing that tbe telegram of General Sher-
man furnished a substantial basis of recog-
nition that the Government would furnish the
men with arms and supplies. General Sher-
man denies the liability of the Government in
this respect, and he says in his report that—
"The Secretary authorized me, under advice of
extreme caution, to call out volunteers for the
emergency, if the regular troops were inadequate.
Under date of May 14,1867,1 telegraphed to anting
Governor Meagher that reinforcements were coming
as fast as possible, but if the danger was as great as
, ho had represented, 4 to call out in your interest the
people and clear the way;' adding, 'there is no
law authorizing the enrolling' of troops in a Terri-
tory subject to tho Governor; but you should meet
the emergency without a formal organization, and
muster into service of the United States, confining
yourself to self-protection.' Governor Meagher had
already called out volunteers, and subseqontly asked
me for arms and equipments, and to be mustered in.
This 1 emphatically refused in a dispatch of tho 9th
of May, but instructed General Augur to order from
his nearest post, namely, Salt Lake City, a discreet
officer to go to Virginia City, Montana, and to judge
of the necessity of a call for volunteers. General
Augur dispatched that most judicious officer, Major
and Brevet Lieutenant Colonel William II. Lewiq,
thirty-sixth infantry, who reached Virginia City
about May 19,1867, and, after remaining there a
month, confirmed me in the belief that Gallatin
valley had not been invaded by hostile Indians at
all, but that the murder of a Mr. Bozeman, more
than sixty miles beyond Gallatin, in the direction
of Fort C. F. Smith, was the only real act of hos-
tility that he could hear of that had been commit-
ted in that quarter. I then recalled Brevet Lieu-
tenant. Colonel Lewis, and left the whole matter to
General Terry, in whose department Montana was,
and who was then known to be en route for that Ter-
ritory. For the further consideration of this matter
X refer to General Terry's report herewith, and only
alludo to it here to show that the United States are
not in any measure responsible for the call for volun-
teers in Montana which acting Governor Meagher
made, in spite of the decision to the contrary by the
rightful Department of Government, and because X
also learn that since the arrival there ot Governor
Green Clay Smith he also has retained m service
these volunteers, and has also brought about a con-
flict with the Crows and other Indians outside of the
settled limits of the Territory, when he knew that
the Government desired very much to retain peace-
ful relations between them."
Claimants then came to Congress for relief.
They presented their case before the Senate
Committee on Territories,and it was thoroughly
examined by that committee. The closing
paragraph of their report is as follows:
" The committee do not refer to the services of the
men called out by the territorial authorities, but
only to the expense of arms and supplies.^ Ihese
seem to have been furnished by persons m good
faith, and without knowledge of the want of^ au-
thority to call out themiliiia, and the committee
recommend compensation for them.
" They think it would not be doing exact equity to
such persons to withhold from them a reasonable
indemnity for property thus furnished under what
they undoubtedly presumed to be competent au-
thority."
Acting under this recommendation of tbe
Committee on Territories of the Senate, the
last Congress passed as section ten of the act
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses, approved July 15, 1870, as follows:
"Sec. 10. That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, authorized and required to ascertain, or
cnuse to be ascertained, the amount of expense
necessarily incurred by the territorial authorities of
Montana for arms and supplies of the volunteer
forces called out to suppress Indian hostilities in
the Territory of Montana, in the year 1867, and re-
port to Congress at the next session the names of
persons entitled to relief, together with a statement
of the facts and sums upon which such report may
be based."
In pursuance of this act of Congress, the
Secretary of War detailed General Hardie, in-
spector general, serving at the headquarters of
the military division ot the Missouri, directing
him to go to Montana and there make personal
inspection of the circumstances under which
these expenses were incurred. The following
are the instructions of the Department:
Wau Department,
Adjutant Genisral's Office,
"Washington, D. C., August 31,1870.
Sir: I am directed by the Secretary of War to
inclose herewith certain papers relating to the
claims of sundry persons against the United States
on account of supplies alleged to have been fur-
nished to the volunteer forces called into service by
the territorial authorities of Montana, for the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities, in the year 1867, and
to invite your attention to the tenth section of an
act of Congress making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of tho Government, and for other
purposes, approved July 15,1870, and published in
General Orders No. 108, current series, from this
office.
It is the desire of the Department that the In-
spector General serving at the headquarters of the
military division of the Missouri be instructed to
proceed to Helena, and such other points in Mon-
tana Territory, or elsewhere, as may be necessary
for the purpose of examining into all claims for
arms and supplies furnished, or alleged tohave been
furnished, to or for the volunteer troops or terri-
torial militia of Montana in the year 1867, when
called into service by the officers of the Territory.
The ofiicer thus selected for the duty referred to will
be directed fco make a full report of his investigation
to this office as soon as practicable, setting forth
particularly the names of all parties equitably en-
titled to compensation and the amounts justly due
in each case, taking into consideration the quantity
and quality of the supplies actually furnished, and
the prevailing scale of prices for such articles at the
time they were furnished. He will also be required
to report what disposition was made of the property
purchased and received by the military officers of
the Territory, and to furnish such other information
as may aid the Department to a full understanding
of the facts and merits concerned.
It is to be observed that no provision is made by
tho law cited for an ascertainment or allowance of
any claims for personal service.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
E. D. TOWNSEND, Adjutant General,
Commanding General Mil. Div.
of the Missouri, Chicago, Illinois.
Headq'ks Mil. Div. of tee Missouri,
Chicago, Illinois, September 23,1870.
Official copy respectfully furnished Colonel James
A. Hardie, inspector general, military division of
the Missouri, by command of General Sheridan.
GEOBGE L. HARTSUi'T,
Assistant Adjutant General.
In pursuance of this order and authority
General Hardie proceeded to the Territory of
