1968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
the Senator from Kentucky that we go on as
far as we can, and.if we come to any question
that requires a division it can be reserved for
to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Vermont for a deer park.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. An amendment has been
adopted that escaped my attention at thp time,
and I suppose there will be no objection to
modifying it.
Mr. COLE. Do not let us go back.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I shall have to
except the amendment when the bill eome3
out of committee.
Mr. HAMLIN. What is it?
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a provision
for connecting the Capitol by telegraph with
the Departments in the city of Washington#
I wish to add "and the Government Printing
Office."
Mr. COLE. It means that.
Mr. HAMLIN. No ; it is not a depart-
ment.
Mr. COLE. I have no objection to that
modification.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then in line six hun-
dred and seventy-five, page 28, after the word
"Washington," I move to insert ihe words
"and with the Government Printing.Office,"
so as to connect the telegraph with all the
Departments and the Government Printing
Office.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and that amendment will
be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I would like to make a
little amendment on page 20.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let us go on with the
bill.
Mr. CORBETT. In line four hundred and
eighty-three, after the clause making appro-
priations for surveying the public lands in
Oregon, I wish to change the appropriation
from $50,000 to $40,000, and in line four hun-
dred and eighty-seven, in the clause for sur-
veying the public lands densely covered with
forests of thick undergrowth, I wish to change
the appropriation from $20,000 to $30,000.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is that in order now?
We have not got through with the amendments
of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the same amendment was sub-
mitted before and was understood to be re-
served.
Mr. CORBETT. I see others are moving
amendments now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will answer the Senator that the Senator from
Rhode Island was absent when the amend-
ment passed to which ho moved an amend-
ment. The Senator from Oregon was present
at the time this paragraph was passed over.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask that that amend-
ment be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will have an opportunity when the read-
ing of the bill is through.
Mr. CORBETT. I may not be here then.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
question before the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing of the bill will be continued.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line eleven hundred
and eighty-four, to strike out:
. For improving reservations on various avenues
$20,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
say that this ought not to be stricken out. It
contains the only appropriation that is in the
bill for contingencies all over the city. There
may be breakages, repairs of fences, or foun-
tains, or planting, and many things that can
hardly be described in a bill, and yet they are
matters that are of daily occurrence ; and this
appropriation is more indispensable perhaps
than any other one in the bill. I trust it will
not be stricken out.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in line twelve
hundred and twelve to insert:
And fop expenses of the board of health of the
District of Columbia, $40,000.
Mr. COLE. That should be $30,000. That
was the amount agreed on in committee. It
is a misprint.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatchange
will be made.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I should like to ask
the chairman of the committee if $30,000 is not
a very high appropriation for the board of
health.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment has been agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I shall have to reserve
it when we come into the Senate.
The next amendment was after line twelve
hundred and thirty-six, to insert:
To reimburse the late corporation of Washington
for work done around Government reservations,
$188,002 75.
The amendment was agreed t$>.
The next amendment was to insett after the
amendment just adopted the'following:
To reimburse thu Board of Public Works for work
done around Government reservations not hereto-
fore paid, $106,533.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I should like to hear
some explanation about that appropriation. I
thought that just before we adjourned for the
holidays we passed an appropriation to the
city of Washington of over a million dollars.
Here is another million dollars in this appro-
priation.
Mr. HAMLIN. We ought to make it two.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I should like to have
some explanation.
Mr. COLE. I do not know that it can be
explained any further than it explains itself.
The language is explicit:
To complete improvements of streets and avenues
now in progress opposite and around Government
property.
I believe it is all done on the basis we
established in our legislation heretofore, that
is so far as the proportion that the Government
is to pay is concerned, and the amount will be
paid upon estimates of Government officers,
approved by the person in charge of public
buildings and grounds ; payments are to be
made upon vouchers of that officer in whom
the Government have confidence. I do not
know that we can do otherwise than meet this
obligation on the part of the Government.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Who created this ob-
ligation on the part of the Government?
Who gave the Board of Public Works author-
ity to create this obligation ? I propose the
question to the chairman of the committee.
Mr. COLE. That question I will answer
by stating that in the law we passed about the
7th of January there was embodied a proviso
which is a complete prohibition upon any lia-
bility to be incurred by the! city government in
the improvements unless appropriations are
first made by act of Congress. If the Senator
has that law by him he will see that it puts a
complete stop upon all the public works here
until provision is made by Congress to meet
its proportion. That law was passed on the
7th of January last.
Mr. STEVENSON. This is to complete
those improvements.
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir. I suppose the au-
thorities of this city would have been at liberty
to go on, or would have gone on, but for that
absolute prohibition—the word being "pro-
hibited," so that they must absolutely stop for
a whole year or more unless there is this pro-
vision made by act of Congress.
Mr. CASSERLY. Just after the holiday
recess we passed a bill of the same general
character, I think, with the appropriation now
under discussion.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Just before the holi-
days. ,
Mr. CASSERLY. I think my friend from
South Carolina is correct; it was just before
tlie holidays.
Mr. STEVENSON. It was after.
Mr. CASSERLY. It was one time or the
other. The effect of that bill was to appro-
priate over a million dollars. That appropri-
ation was to be disbursed under certain safe-
guards for the protection of the public Treasury.
I observe that those safeguards and restrictions
are omitted in this appropriation.
Mr.'COLE. No, this does not operate as a
repeal of those restrictions.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think I am not mis-
taken about that. The proviso here is:
That all payments made under these appropria-
tions shall be made only upon vouchers approved by
the officer in charge of the public buildings and
grounds of the District.
I have not the printed law by me which we
passed last January or December, whiche.ver
it was.' My recollection is sufficiently distinct
that at that'time wo provided for an examina-
tion by a certain officer of the vouchers, the
whole of such proceedings to be under the
general inspection of the Secretary of the In-
terior and no payments to be made except
after such proceedings and upon such vouchers.
I regret that the Committee on Appropriations
did not see fit to retain those restrictions in
this appropriation. I think they ought to be
inserted. The Senator from Maryland sug-
gests that I insert them. I have not got them,
nor do I know where to lay my hands on them
at this moment. I shall object to the passage
of this appropriation of which I am now speak-
ing unless it be placed upon the same footing
with the appropriation made last December
or January as to the disbursement of the
amount.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say a single word
in reference to this item of $913,000. It is
made up in detail by papers in the hands of
the committee giving the exact measurements,
localities, and prices of the cost of the work,
certified by the surveyor of the District of
Columbia who was for many years the public
measurer for the Government. The appropri-
ation to which the Senator refers, made under
the act of January 8, 1873, was made out pre-
cisely on this basis. The Senator probably
has in mind the appropriation made in June
last, in which the price for the work was to be
subjected to the judgment of the Secretary of
-the Interior, and if the Senator desires we can
show him the prices for every kind of work.
The detailed statement is in the hands of the
committee, and the committee will have no
objection to put in any safeguards in this ap-
propriation which are in the act of January 8.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is all I ask, that
the same restrictions shall accompany this ap-
propriation which were attached to the appro-
priation in January. The Senator from South
Carolina is mistaken in his recollection; the
Senator from Vermont £Mr. Edmunds] amend-
ed the appropriation as it came from the House
by inserting the restrictions of which I spoke.
I have a very distinct recollection of the whole
matter and I am sure I cannot be mistaken.
If the Senator from South Carolina, however,
will agree to insert from that law in this appro-
priation the same safeguards and restrictions,
1 certainly have no desire to oppose the appro-
priation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. With that
understanding, if there be no objection, the
amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. It is not very pleasant
for me to oppose any appropriation for this
District; but it seems to me that this appro-
priation in addition to the $1,200,000 appro-
priated by Congress about the holidays amounts
to a larger sum than I am willing to go upon
