1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1009
Montana; hp attended a fair there, and met, as
he states in bis testimony to the committee,
persons from all sections of the Territory.
He examined persons, some of them under
oath, as to what those supplies were, and as
to the amount furnished. He then proceeded
to obtain copies of papers published about the
time, and thus ascertained from the market
reports the correct prices at that time. He
examined merchants, some of them under
oath, and by permission examined their books,
and thus found out what they sold the like
kind of articles for at the time to private indi-
viduals. He examined claimants, many of
them under oath, and thus was enabled to
form the basis for his report. He found the
entire amount of the claims to cover the enorm-
ous sum of $980,313 11. I call the attention
of the House to the following detailed state-
ment of the nature and value of the supplies
and services charged:
Fuel:
Pme wood    $2,985 00
Bituminous coal.....  675 00
3^660 00
Forage:
Barley   $125,301 85
Oats  46,270 69
Hay  40,004 78
  201,577 32
Stationery:
Books, blanks, paper,and advertisements, 7,122,43
Office furniture  101 00
Means of transportation:
Horses $170,790 50
Mules  21,124 00
"Wagons, harness, &e  6.522 00
Hire of teams and pack animal.-, 114,066 00
Transportation of sup plies (ord-
nance) and ierriage  27 093 50
  339,596 00
Miscellaneous:
Tools, equipage, &c  29,021 56
Clothing  83.673 94
Arms, ammunition, &c.:
Arms  $13,242 50
Ammunition  5,158 39
Horse equipments and accouter-
lnents lor troops  43,994 25
  62,395 14
Building:
For magazine  325 00
Subsistance stores  201,235 93
Medical stores  3,502 31
Rent of buildings for offices, warehouses,
and quarters  11,733 99
Hire ot civil employes, clerks, teamsters,
herders, wagon-masters, mechanics. <&c. 34,156 83
Hire of medical services charged to quar-
termaster's department  2,211 66
Grand total   $980,313 11
This was enough to challenge his attention,
as it will challenge the attention of every
member of the House, and as it did that of
the committee when it was referred to it,
because of the extremely large amount of the
claims. Now, by the examination which Gen-
eral Hardie made when in the Territory of
Montana by comparing the amounts which
were charged for supplies furnished with the
prices current at the time, he was enabled to
discover that claimants Jiad in almost all cases
made very large overcharges, and that there
were cases, and not a few of them, in which
articles were charged for, but which never
had been furnished at all. He therefore pro-
ceeded, first, to make a scale of prices for
supplies actually furnished. The following
exhibit of prices charged for the supplies, and
of the current market rates, will serve to
explain the awards reported upon vouchers
for which the property was actually furnished.
It will be seen by reference to the exhibit that
the prices charged were from twenty to up-
ward of one hundred per cent, above the then
market price. For instance, take the article
of wood ; they charged from sixteen to twenty
dollars per cord, while the market price was
only from six dollars twenty-five cents to seven
dollars fifty cents per cord. Horses were
put in on an average charge of $201 each,
whereas after taking abundant testimony in
relation to this item, he forms the opinion that
eighty dollars each is quite sufficient to allow
for them.
The exhibit of prices charged for supplies,
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 64,
and of the current market rates, will serve to
explain the awards reported, upon vouchers
for which the property was actually furnished:
Articles.
Wood :.
Hay 
Oats 
Barley 
Horses 
Mules 
Flour 
Beef. 
Bacon 
Sugar 
Coffee 
Tea 
Clothing 
Arms 
Saddles and
equip-
ments 
Medicines....
Hardware....
Priccs charged.
$16 to $20^ cord.
445 to $65 -s1 ton.
i4i cts. It)
144 cts. lb
f
Average, $201 -j
$200 to $250
18 to 19cts. v lb
28 to 30 cts.'ritb
50 to 80 cts. 111
60 to78cts.^ ib
80 cts. i? lb
$2 to $4 50®ft>
Overcharged 25
to 40 ^ et.
Overcharged 30
to 40 ^ ct.
Overcharged 30
to 40$ ct.
Overcharged 40
to 60 $ et.
Overcharged 30
to 40 3 ct.
Priccs at which the
purchases could
have been made.
SO 25t>>$7 50"$cord.
$30 to §35 per ton.
8 to 11 cts. lb
8 to 11 cts. litb
General average of
total, $80.
(See general discus-
sion.)
40 ^ ct. less.
10 to 12 cts. i? B>
20 to 22 cts. lb
27 to 35 cts. ^ lb
32 to 35 cts. $ ib
374 to 44 cts. $ Si
Green, $2 50 to $2 81
Black,$1 57itoS2 18
Being thus enabled to form a basis for a re-
port as to the actual market price for supplies
really furnished, General Hardie returned to
his office in Chicago and commenced an ex-
amination of the individual claims presented.
Many of these claims were found to be worth-
less, from the fact that they were for articles
which had never been furnished at all. It is
believed on thorough examination that Gen-
eral Hardie has rejected each and every one
of such claims. In cases where the articles
furnished were charged at a rate above the
current market value at the time, General
Hardie has reduced the amount of the claims
to conform to the current market price.
I therefore call the attention of the House
to the reliability of this examination. I doubt
whether any officer in the Army is better
qualified to make a thorough and searching
examination in such a case than this officer.
After carefully reading and considering his
report, after listening to testimony from the
Delegate from Montana [Mr. Clagett] and
from parties who furnished supplies, after
interrogating General Hardie very closely in
regard to this mode of examination, the com-
mittee became satisfied that^ he had made a
very thorough investigation indeed, and that
his report of awards is entitled to the entire
confidence of Congress. But he states that
when his report was nearly completed, many
of the papers upon which it was based
were burned in his office at Chicago at the
time of the great fire there. The question
therefore arises whether the loss ot those
papers impairs the reliability of the report
which he has made. The committee believe
that it does not, for the reason that he states in
his report that in a great majority of cases the
original vouchers which were filed with him
for examination were, after being inspected by
him, returned to the claimants, verified copies
being retained by him. He says also that his
list of claims, his memoranda of many of the
awards, and a complete schedule ot prices
which he had compiled, were not destroyed,
but were saved. He says further that some of
the vouchers which were lost had been pre-
pared in duplicate, and that oue of the copies
has been saved. He therefore states in his
letter of November 10, 1871, to the Secretary
of War that from data preserved he will be
enabled as he believes to submit a new report
of awards which will be as reliable and he
trusts as satisfactory to Congress as the one
lost, even if it were accompanied by the papers
destroyed.
The committee, therefore, are satisfied that
the list of awards now furnished for the con-
sideration of Congress is only for property
actually furnished, at the then market prices
for articles furnished to private individuals.
The question only remains whether Congress
will in accordance with section ten of the act
of July 15, 18/0, proceed to make allowances
to individual claimants at a fair compensation
for property actually furnished. Some of the
claimants who made contracts with the ter-
ritorial authorities urge that under the law of
contracts they ought to be paid the full prices
for which they contracted. From this posi-
tion the committee dissent on the grouud that
inasmuch as the General Goverment never
admitted the binding obligation of any part of
this entire claim, therefore those who had
specific contracts for the furnishing of supplies
stand on no better footing with respect to
their claims than those who furnished articles
in open market: and that therefore no greater
amount should be paid them than the market
value of the supplies actually furnished.
There is one thing that ought to be consid-
ered in connection with this case. While the
aggregate amount of these claims has been
largely reduced, the reduction being nearly
fifty per cent, upon the original amount, yet
the allowance now proposed is a large sum.
The House, however, oughtto consider the cost
of maintaining a battalion of men for the period
for which they were enlisted, in a country distant
from any general market of supplies, trans-
portation being difficult and extremely expen-
sive, and the markets in that Territory, where
the population is largely mining, being sel-
dom if ever overstocked with anything ; that,
therefore, when there rises a sudden demand
for any article, or even any materially increased
demand, if I may be allowed the expression,
outside of New York or Chicago, it creates
"a corner" in almost everything, and there-
fore the current market rates were enhanced
probably in consequence of the fact that this
battalion was called out.
Mr. HOLM.AN. Mr. Speaker, while I do
not wish to interrupt the gentleman from Iowa
in his statement, I must give notice that 1 shall
insist on my point of order against this bill.
Mr. DONNAN. Does not the point of
order come too late?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana states he will insist on his point against
the bill, that being a bill appropriating money,
it must have its first consideration in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DONNAN. After the bill has been
under discussion, is it not too late to raise the
point of order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
thinks the bill he proposes as a substitute is
not liable to that point of order. _ That may
be very true, but the bill which is to be re-
considered does have that point of order lie
against it. It does oot follow that the House
will agree to the substitute, and therefore, if the
Chair overrules the point of order of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, it will be within the com-
petency of the House to pass the five hundred
and thirteen thousand dollar appropriation
without any consideration in the Committee of
the Whole by simply rejecting the amendment.
Mr. CLAGETT. I wish to inquire, Mr.
Speaker, whetner this is or is not an appro-
priation bill ? I do not understand that the bill
appropriates any money, but merely authorizes
an appropriation hereafter to be made.
The SPEAKER. It says that for this pur-
pose there is hereby appropriated from any
money in the Treasury of the United States
not otherwise appropriated, &c.
Mr. CLAGETT. But I refer to the amend-
ment as not making auy appropriation.
The SPEAKER. That is true, and the
Chair was explaining that point. Now, sup-
pose the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
man] had the point of order upon whieh he
insists overruled, and the bill was brought
