46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
of large caliber. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Neglet] mentioned yesterday
the Devastation, a late war vessel of England,
of some six thousand tons, and he stated that
great vessel carried only four guns of large
caliber, guns of thirty live tons each, clearly
showiug no small vessel cau carry ten guns of
large caliber. 1 notice, in looking over the
list of vessels constructed during the war, that
vessels of from fifteen hundred to two thou-
sand tons carried only about ten guns, but what
size the guns so carried were does uot appear.
Now, these vessels must not only be large
vessels, but where, Mr. Speaker, is the country
to get vessels of that size constructed for any
sum such as that provided for in this bill ?
My own information is that a vessel of two
thousand tons, of high speed, and of the very
first strength and quality, would cost in Eng-
land some eighty thousand pounds sterling.
Such a vessel would cost in this country, I take
it, at least fifty per cent, more without arma-
ment—that is $000,000 gold, or say $700,000
of currency. So that when completed to go to
sea we might look for her costing nearly
$1,000,000. My own information agrees gen-
erally with that of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, that these vessels when built,
whether they be built in private yards or by
the Government, in its navy-yards, they may be
expected to cost the country about $1,000,000
each. As to building sucu a vessel for any-
thing like $300,000, I have no idea whatever
that it is possible.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lykch]
referred yesterday to vessels of this size built
during the early part of the war, which cost
only $400,000. 1 know nothing of tueirspeed
or efficiency, but information which I have
obtained during this debate justifies me in
the estimate that I have expressed as to the
probable cost of the vessels now proposed.
Now, sir, if the House should come to the
determination to spend a sum of $10,000,000
for these ships, what service are we, then,
going to get from them ? Why are they asked
for? The gentlemen who support this bill tell
us these vessels are to be used for purposes
of defense of our coast and for the protection
of our commerce abroad ; but the ships when
built cannot go into line of battle. That
business has fallen entirely into the hands of
iron-plated vessels. Their great advantage,
their first essential, must be that they shall be
cruisers having a high rate of speed. Now,
1 ask the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs whether the United States ever has,
either in its publio yards or private yards, suc-
ceeded in building vessels of high speed?
We are further told that these vessels are
necessary for the protection of our commerce
in different parts of the world. And yet what
foreign commerce in American bottoms now
exists, and what is the necessity for its pro-
tection to maintain these six squadrons we
are told must be kept up? The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] told us
yesterday that these vessels were to Bupply
the places of decaying vessels, and were
necessary to keep up our squadrons if they
were to be kept up; but he has not yet
told this House what is the necessity for all
these squadrons in time of profound peace.
So far from this being a juncture in which we
are likely to be involved in war, there has
never been, so far as men can judge, a time
in the history of this country of such profound
peace, and peace likely to continue, as now.
Would it not, therefore, be better now to give
the country free ships and relieve commerce
of its present burdens, instead of expending
uncertain millions for cruisers, without sys-
tem or necessity, and merely to maintain the
appearance of a navy?
1 notice, Mr. Speaker, that the President in
his message called attention to the fact that
taxes cannot be further reduced and at the
same time the present rate of reduction of the
public debt be kept up. He then proceeded to
make recommendation for every form of ex-
penditure, such as the postal telegraph, recom-
mendations of bounty here and of subsidy
there ; and on the heels of those recommenda-
tions comes this bill from the Naval Committee.
Sir, if we do not intend to increase taxes we
must be careful how we enter the sea of uncer-
tain and indefinite expenditure, and I insist
that the House should require of the Naval
Committee some more matured plan, some
better information, before we accede to the
expenditure now asked of us, as a first step
toward establishing a navy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERR. I now yield to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] for ten minutes.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, this question
does not excite the same attention it should if
the measure were properly presented and ma-
tured. It is, however, presented for our best
opinion in this bill in two divisions: shall we
build in Government navy-yards, or by private
contract? The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofield] objects to contracts, because
contractors come here and pester and worry
and corrupt, until they obtain extra pay be-
yond the contract. He would avoid that.
His remarks are a true, though humiliating,
confession of our degeneracy, if not soinethiug
worse. The gentleman from Maine believes
that the Government navy-yards are an expen-
sive and to some extent useless instrument
for the object designed, namely, the building of
good and cheap ships. Both gentlemen are
right, and both might have laid more stress
upon the pitiable spectacle of our contract and
navy-yard systems. On one baud, it will be
generally believed that those who advocate the
private system are helping bad jobs ; and on
the other, those who understand the working
of our navy-yards must know that they are as
prodigal, if not worse. I do notsay that there
is fraud in their management; but any system
managed by any party which gives its patronage
to laborers to aid elections and compel their
votes has already been condemned as vicious
by this House in an amendment offered by
rayaelf to the Navy appropriation bill of last
session. Yet the gentleman from California
[Mr. Coqhlak] saya that the use of navy-
yards and appropriations for them are subsi-
dies for the laborer. Ah 1 could he have been
at Brooklyn the other day. Thousands of em-
ployes just before the election, and just after—
what? Eight hundred men drawn up iu line
and dismissed on the keen edge of winter.
No warning, no provision, a simple peremp-
tory dismissal of hundreds of workmen to the
rigors of poverty and -starvation. God help
the poor workman from such civil service
friends, from such uncivil service 1
The truth is, there is not yet exhibited by
the people—certainly uot in the recent elec-
tions—that elevated tone of political ethics
which proper administration demands, and
which both parties demand.
Perhaps it may be out of the way for men
raised on fresh water to discuss salt-sea affairs ;
yet some of us have navigated the river of that
name. But the gentleman from the Mad river
valley in Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] is chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce; and,
being myself familiar with the navigation of
those waters, I can say with Wordsworth, and
for him:
" Though inland far he be,
His s«ul bus sight of that eternal sea—
Can in a moment travel thither,"
and see, perhaps, what ought to be seen with
better eyes than those of the gentleman repre-
senting navy-vards on this floor.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman forone
moment permit me to remind him that not all
of the gentlemen who represent navy-yards
are anxious that this work should be done in
them ? I think I expressed myself pretty dis-
tinctly in favor of the private yards for the
construction of at least one half of these
vessels.
Mr. COX. 1 am happy to except the gen-
tlemaufrom the category. Before I am through
I will indicate a safe and happy medium tor
the construction of some portion of these
sloops with proper safeguards. I mean such
safeguards as are indicated in the amendment,
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Randall,] although with reference to the
grammar and the collocation of sentences the
ameudment is inartiticially drawn.
A Voice. Mala grammatica nonvitiat.
Mr. COX. I accept the substance and sense
of the amendment. We need, as the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce well
argued, some comprehensive system, not a
makeshift, which may give us just what we
had during the war—poor ships, made out of
poor and perishable material, nor made at
navy-yards—which produce little or nothing,
compared with the expense of the produe.ion.
We need, further, a system for the revival
of our navigation and commerce. This should
precede the revival of our men-of-war, whose
only object is to protect the commerce and
honor of the country. Now, between these
two bad modes of building, which is most
commendable? "Both," says the amendment
of the gentleman from Maine. "Neither,"
would say good economy and good sense.
" Both, with proper restrictions and guards,"
some would or should say. The substitute of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] seems to meet this view. But there is
needed, above all, a reform in both systems,
and this distrust would vanish, for both gentle-
men from Maine and Pennsylvania confess
the sins of this peculiar administration of
affairs.
My idea was, that in such doubtful experi-
ments we would be safe to spend only about
one half of the amount; make six vessels, say,
three in one way, three in the other ; and be-
fore I would do that even, I would like to know,
with authority, what means, timber, and ina
chinerythe Government has to construct these
vessels. Do not let us, when the appropria-
tion bills come in, hear gentlemen say, " Oh,
we have already ordered ten, and we must
have five millions to lay in live-oak, or buy
that already seasoned ; or, since Congress has
agreed to build some iron sloops in the Govern-
ment yards,we have no fit machinery.'' It would
be well if this matter were matured better,
but if it must pass, let the least evil be done.
Therefore I offer the amendment to strike
out " ten " and insert "six sloops," and it
the ameudment of the gentleman from Maine
passes, to strike out "five" and insert
" three." Therefore, before launching on this
uncertain sea of expense and experiment, let
us take lessons from experience. Grant that
we require more vessels and of another kind,
would it not be wise at first to try our hand on
a smaller number, and lay up now the mate-
rials for more; or provide in some way for
the best to be made, even if they should be
constructed by private contract under proper
restrictions?
Mr. KERR. I now yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
I have asked my friend [Mr. Kerr] to allow
me a few minutes more for the purpose of
giving the reasons why I shall vote against thi
bill at present than with any view of discussing
it. I had hoped with the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Potter] that we should have been
furnished by the Committee on Naval Affairs
with a report and specifications indicating how
and upon what terms and conditions these ves-
sels are to be built. But the committee lias
uot favored us with anything of that kind, and
the Secretary of the Navy has not even sent
us his report. I at least have not received it.
It must be obvious to all that there is a rad-
ical defect somewhere connected with the Navy
Department; and while I would be glad to
place at the disposal of the Department a suffi-
cient number of ships to guard what little
