1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1011
must have its first consideration in Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order ; and the bill is referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar.
ADDITIONAL SLOOPS OF WAR.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill (H. R. No. 3010) relating to the
construction of ten sloops of war, returned from
the Senate with amendments, be taken from
the Speaker's table, the amendments of the
Senate non-concurred in, and a conference
asked upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
There being no objection, the motion was
entertained and agreed to.
Mr. SCOFiELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the motion was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES O. P. BURNSIDK.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I ask unani-
mous consent to take from the Speaker's table
the bill (H. R. No. SOS) authorizing^ the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to refund certain moneys
to James 0. P. Burnside, which has been re-
turned from the Senate with an amendment.
No objection was made; and the amendment
of the Senate was read and concurred in, as
follows:
Strike out " $6,783 97," and insert in lieu thereof
"$5,284."
Mr. SMITH, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was
concurred in ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT J. SCOTT PAYNE.
Mr. MAYNARD. Some time since a bill
was introduced and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs for the relief of Lieutenant
J. Scott Payne. The necessity for that bill
having ceased, I now ask that the Committee
on Military Affairs may be discharged from
its further consideration; and that it be laid
upon the table.
No objection was made; and accordingly the
committee was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1530) and
the same was laid upon the table.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
public building at phil adklphia .
Mr. HALSEY. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for consid-
eration at this time:
Resolved, That it shall he in order for the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to report a provision m
the bill making appropriations for the sundry civil
expenses of the Government removing the present
limitation on the cost of the site and public build-
ing authorized to be purchased and erected at ir iiiia.-
delphia.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe this is in con-
formity, with the recommendation of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. So understanding, I
will not object.
No objection being made, the resolution
was adopted.
Mr. HALSEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
remission of duties.
Mr DAW*RS. I ask leave to report from
the Committee of Ways and Means for consid-
eration at the present time House bill JNo.
3037, to remit the duties upon certain goods
destroyed by fire at the late conflagration in
the city of Boston.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. COX. I object.
A. B. HARDCASTM.
Mr. BARRY. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for consideration now a bill to remove
the disabilities of A. B. Hardcastle, of Mis-
sissippi. There is a petition upon which this
bill is based, and I ask that it may be read.
The petition was read, as follows:
To the honorable Senators and Representatives United
State? Congress, Washington, D. 0.:
Gentlemen : I have the honor to submit this, my
application for amnesty and pardon, as i am by
your action disabled politically, for having served
in the army of the confederacy, after resigning from
the Army of the United States. Before the war I
held the position of first lieutenant sixth infantry
United States Army. Since the surrender I have
obeyed and respected the laws of the United States,
and have been and am now a loyal citizen of the
United States. As an evidence of my loyalty I have
fearlessly supported Government measures, and
have been found with those who supported Grant
and Wilson, whom I believe to represent the peace,
happiness, and prosperity of the United States.
Very respectfully, your o^dtantMrgnt^^
No objection being made, the bill (H. R.
No. 3722) was received, and read a first and
second time.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed, two-thirds voting in the affirmative.
Mr. BARRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAX ON LEAF TOBACCO.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. There have been
a large number of petitions and several bills
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means
in reference to the collection of tax upon leaf
tobacco sold by parties growing the same. I
have here a letter from the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue upon the subject, which I
ask may be published in the Globe.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The following is the letter referred to:
Treasury Dr.rabtiiext,
Office of Internal Revenue,
"Washington, January 27,1873.
Sib : i have received your letter of the 24th instant
in which you state that inasmuch as great misappre-
hension has existed and still exists in thei minds of
many in regard to the retail l eaf clause of the tobacco
bill which passed Congress June 6,18)2, you will be
obliged to me for a construction of this law by the
office of internal revenue with special reference to
^1 Gan'asherSflevy on leaf tobacco in the hands
ofplanters and sell the same in bulk?
2 Does the law require a person to paj a special
tax as a dealer in leaf tobacco, paying for the same
twcnty-fivedollais to enable him to bid on and pur-
chase leaf tobacco at such a sale or at the sale of an
p.xeuutor or administrator? . .
3. Does it require the payment of such a special
tax to enable a planter to purchase a joint interest
of another in a crop of leaf tobacco . m
4 Can manufactured tobacco, after being properly
packed and stamped, be sold by a shcrifl or other
mrtv as general merchandise /
5 Is it or not the construction of the revenue
department thatthelate tobacco ®n'ar ®skrf,^ff
than restrict the rights of pianteis. to wa.Kes.aie
of theifcrops, and all other wholesale transactions
'^Does'the retail leaf clause of the tobacco law
affect any other parties except sucn as arc engaged
in peddling or otherwise selling leal tobacco m lieu
of the manufactured article for consumptive pur.
P<ToSthe several inquiries thus propounded by you,
1 ITIn the'opinion^/this office the law
order of the court, or any legal proces si
by State law, to any person desiring to purchase tnn
Sa™and 3.UAny person may purchase leaf tobacco in
bulk at a sheriffs sale, or at a sale f
executor or administrator; or a plantei may pur
chase the joint interest which another planter may
have in a crop of tobacco without becoming liable
by such a purchase, under the internal revenue law,
to pay a special tax therefor. dealer
The liability to pay special tax as leal aeaicr
does not attach to the act of purchasing, but to
the apt of selling, and then only m ca&u  vvnero
the sales arc so frequent and of such a character
to constitute a " businesssuch casual or incidental
sales of leaf tobacco as referred to m your inquiries
rp construed as constituting a business.
4. A casual or incidental sale of manufactured
tobacco, put up and stamped as required by law,,
may be made by a sheriff, or any other porson, with-
out incurring any liability to pay a special tax there-
for.
5. In the opinion of this office the act of June
6, 1872, in nowise interferes with or restricts the
sale of leaf tobacco at wholesale and in bulk for all
purposes of manufacture and trade, but on the'eon-
trary relieves tho planters from all taxes on sales of
their leaf tobacco made through agents or commis-
sion houses, which, under the previous law, they
were required to pay.
6. The retail leaf clause forbids a farmer or
planter, or any other person, to sell leaf tobacco
directly to a consumer, or to a tobacco or cigar man-
ufacturer who has not paid a special tax as such,
and otherwise properly qualified. The intent of
the provision as i understand it, and the only intent
of the retail clause. wa3 to require all tobacco con-
sumed in the country, whether in a manufactured
form or in the raw and natural, or leaf state, to pay
about the same amount of tax. Under that clause
planters, farmers, or gardeners cannot peddle or
otherwise sell directly to consumers, and manufac-
turers, particularly manufacturers of cigars, aannot
obtain leaf tobacco to he manufactured into cigars
in fraud of the internal revenue law. The manufac-
turers of the country, to whom the planters look to
become ultimately the purchasers of their crops
mainly, are largely protected in their business by
the provisions of law referred to, and to the same
extent the revenues of the Government are nv-
lioping that i have answered your inquiries with
sufficient expertness, I am.yours, respectfully,
J, W. DOUGLASS, Commissioner.
alexander f. ckosman.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. I am instructed by
the Committee on Naval Affairs to ask leave
to report for consideration now House joint
resolution No. 173, for the relief of the widow
of Alexander F. Crosman, deceased, late com-
mander United States Navy.
The joint resolution as amended by the
committee authorizes and requires the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to the widow of
Alexander F. Crosman, deceased, late com-
mander United States Navy, one year's extra
pay, he having been drowned near Greytown
while in command of the expedition sent by
the Navy Department to survey a route for a
ship-canal across the Isthmus of Darien to
unite the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
Mr. DAWKS. I move that this joint reso-
lution be amended so as to make it a bill.
The SPEAKER. That change will be made
if there be no objection.
There being no objection, the bill (ii. JS.
No. 3727) was read a first and second time.
Mr. RANDALL. Is there a report accom-
panying this bill?
Mr. WHITTHORNE. Yes, sir.
Mr. RANDALL. Let it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was
referred H. R. No. 173. which resolutioms for the
relief of the widow of Alexander 1'. Crosman, de-
ceased, late commander United States Navy, beg
^Thatlhe record of this officer is most honorable,
and the facts attending his demise were most sad.
Being in command of the expedition sent by the
United States Government to survey a route con-
templated for a ship-canal uniting the waters of the
Pacific and Atlantic oceans, he left his ship, the
Kansas, in performance of his duty, wl)1'P e?
town, Nicaragua, and in going ashore the boat m
which he was crossing the dangerous surf there pre-
vulin<r wis caosized, and he and several others were
in=r as the result of this accident. Captain Crosman
made repeated and several efforts to have his boat
turned and otherwise to save the men with him and
nm er his orders. His successor m the expedition,
unuei xiis oiuv.10 cTvs'of him that with him
pJJmS"This principle his life illus-
trated and Captain Crosman even m the Presence
;,f,whVerted his devotion to this principle. Says
Lieutenant commanding Hatfield, in a letter to the
father of the deceased, after detailing the eiioura
stance* of Captain Crosman s death : From those
whS were saved I learn that Captain Crosman, up to
moment when last washed away from the boat,
Preserved his coolness and presence of mmd, guuur
orders for the preservation of the lives of the men.
encouraging tliem by his woras and his example,
and assuring them that by implicit obedience to his
orders they would be saved. I have no doubt that
attention to the orders and instructions which he
ir ivc iust before he was washed away from the boat
prcserved^the lives of those who ultimately reached
"1Th'e°m<oral heroism exhibited by Captain Crosman
in this act is more to be honored than glory won at
the cannon's mouth or rewards purchased and so-
rnred in efforts at the destruction of human life.
from his Government, if not more substantial
