1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
ward ; but he fell in his devotion to principle, that
principle being, that duty to his Government and
his men was paramount. Thus taken suddenly from
his family, (for he left him surviving a wife and
three small children,) for. whom he could not pro-
vide against the effects of so sudden a bereavement,
itsoems fit and proper, in the opinion of the com-
mittee, that the relief asked for on behalf of his
widow should be granted, and hence they report in
favor of the passage of said resolution, however
amending the original in this regard, to wit, strike
out" two years," in line five, and insert "one year."
This amendment will make the present resolution
conform to the previous action of Congress in simi-
lar «mos.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe there are many
precedents for allowances of this kind; but
the practice, I think, has been to limit the pay-
in such cases to the unexpired year. Still,
under the circumstances I shall not object to
this bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third lime, and passed.
Mr. WHITTHORNE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MONTANA WAR CLAIM.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Donnan] has called the attention of the
Chair to the fact that the bill for the payment
of Montana war claims provides that there
shall be paid to the persons entitled thereto
the several amounts as embraced in the report
of General James A. Hardie. 'The gentleman
from Iowa, therefore, thinks, and the Chair
concurs with him, that the bill should properly
go to the Committee of the Whole, on the Pri-
vate Calendar, it being legitimately a private
bill. The reference, therefore, will be accord-
ingly changed.
WILLIAM TUWING.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
8728) for the relief of William Thwxng ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
NORTH BERWICK NATIONAL BANK.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3724) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue new national
bank notes to the North Berwick National
Bank; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
MERCHANTS' NATIONAL BANK.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the report of the Committee on
Banking and Currency of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress respecting the failuroof the Merohauts' Na-
tional Bank ol Washington, District of Columbia,
be referred to the investigating committee of which
Hon. J. M.Wilson is chairman, and be printed
with the testimony after said committee shall have
used it.
In the resolution adopted the other day for
printing the testimony in this case there was
no provision for printing the report.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. FARNSWOR M. I call for the regular
order.
Ihe SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour now begius at
seventeen minutes past one o'clock; and I
reports of a private nature are in order from
the Committee on the Judiciary.
SUPERVISORS Of ELECTIONS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported a bill
to provide for the pay of election officers
appointed by the judge of the circuit courts of
the United States in cities having upward of
twenty thousand inhabitants.
The bill was read. It provides that the
election officers appointed heretofore by the
judge of the circuit courts of the United States
under the act of July 14, 1870, to amend the
naturalization laws and to punish crimes
against the same, and for other purposes, to
serve in cities having upward of twenty thou-
sand inhabitants, shall be paid at the rate of
five dollars for each day's service at the polls
in discharge of the duties prescribed in section
five of said act; and it is made the duty of
the judge making the appointment to make
the allowance in the manner that marshals
are paid under existing laws.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, is this a private
bill?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman make
the point of order that it is not?
Mr. KERR. I do.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The rea-
son why the committee believed it to be a pri-
vate bill was that it applies only to certain
private citizens, not to the whole people or
any considerable portion of them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
it provides for certain public officers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certain
public officers, but not all.
The SPEAKER. All of that class?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. A bill to increase the
salary of a single judge is a public bill. It
is a public bill, and, the point of order being
made, the Chair must so rule.
george p. fisher.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
directed by the Committee on the Judiciary
to report back a bill (H. li. No. 3608) for the
relief of George P. Fisher.
The bill, which was read, provides that
$576 25 be appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
reimburse George P. Basher for his costs and
expenses incurred in defending suits at law
brought against him by Joseph H. Bradley,
in 1868, for acts done by Fisher while in the
discharge of his duty as a justice of the su-
preme court of the District of Columhia hold-
ing the criminal court of said District.
Mr. KERR. I make the point of order
against the bill that it makes an appropria-
tion, and must have its first consideration in a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order that the bill, making an appro-
priation, must have its first consideration in
the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, notified the House
that that body had passed a bill (H. R. No.
2991) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1874, and for other purposes, with sundry
amendments; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to some and disagreed to
other amendments of the House to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
2989) making appropriations lor the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes tor the year ending June
30, 1874, aud for other purposes, and had
agreed to the committee of conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses, and had appointed Mr. Windom,
Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Stevenson managers
of said conference on its part.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. GARMIi/LD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
move that, the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 2991J making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1874, and for other purposes, be
ordered to be numbered and printed, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS OF LOYAL CITIZENS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am in-
structed by the Committee on the Judiciary to
report back a bill (H. R. No. 1378) referring
certain claims of loyal citizens of the State
of Missouri to the commissioners of claims
appointed under the act of Congress of July 3,
1871, and for other purposes, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, with an amendment'
in the nature of a substitute.
The substitute, which was read, in the first
section provides that the commissioners of
claims appointed under the act of Congress of
July 3, 1871, are authorized and directed to
receive, examine, and consider the justice and
validity of such claims as accrued in the State
of Missouri as shall be brought before thein
by citizens who resided therein, for stores or
supplies taken or furnished, or for property
used, damaged, or destroyed, for the use of
the Army of the United States, during the late
war for the preservation of the Union, includ-
ing the use, loss, damage, or destruction of
vessels or boats while employed in or taken
for the benefit of the military service of the
United States. The second section author-
izes and directs the commissioners of claims
to consider and report upon all claims of loyal
citizens of the United States for the use, occu-
pation, and damage incident thereto of land
and real property in the States lately in rebel-
lion.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this a private bill?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I make the point
of order that this is not a private bill, and is
not in order at this time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I should
like to be heard before the Chair decides that
point of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is certainly a private
bill, as it is limited to a certain number of
loyal citizens.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This
affects only certain loyal citizens in one State,
it does not affect them all.
Mr. BINGHAM. It refers to a given num-
ber of citizens in one State.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
see how that can be considered otherwise than
as a private bill.
The SPEAKER. The difference between
a public and private bill is not always easy to
describe. The rules state this: that a pension
bill for the relief of a soldier's widow is a
private bill, but a bill granting pensions to
such persons as a class, instead of to individ-
uals, is a public bill. The Chair thinks this
provides for relief to these persons as a class,
and therefore it necessarily is a public bill.
Mr. TAPPE. I should like to ask the
difference between this bill and the Montana
war claims bill.
The SPEAKER. Because the Montana war
claim has the persons named in a memorandum,
on which it is based, and refers to that'memo-
randnm, made up from the report of General
Hardie as part of the legislation. If this bill
referred to any list made up from official
sources, naming the persons, it would be a
private bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Would
they not be a class, if their names were re-
ported?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
when individuals are named it makes a differ-
ence.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I name
these people as citizens of Missouri who have
suffered a certain loss.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair regrets that ho
cannot agree in the view of the gentleman
from Massachusetts. His own sense of the
effect of the rule is that this must be regarded
as a public bill.
