48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
retary of the Navy that is weakening your
Navy by the selling of ships, so that be may
now come in here and ask the construction of
new vessels to fill the places of those sold, and
to protect our commerce and to give us that
strength on the ocean which a great nation
like ours should have.
la reference to the amendment I have
offered, I wish to say here just a word. I do
not propose to interfere in any way with the
discretion and the proper action of the Navy
Department in the construction of these ships.
But I do believe it is proper and I think this
House is determined to throw around this bill
every possible precaution in connection with
this expenditure against any waste of the pub-
lic money. The experience which we have
had in the past is anything but enviable. It
is charged that the ships which have been sold
heretofore have been sold by private sale to
favorites, and that almost immediately after
the sale by the Government they have been
resold at an enormous profit to these private
gentlemen who are the favorites of the Gov-
ernment.
Now, it is due to the Government, it is due
to the Secretary of the Navy if he wants to be
correct in the conduct of the affairs of his
office, that these things should be restricted,
that the repetition of such transactions as are
alleged should by legislation be prevented.
1 desire to say a word now as to the con-
struction of these vessels in private yards.
Gentlemen seem to suppose that the interests
of the Government ana the interests of the
people are separate. This is an entire mis-
take. It does not matter to the mechanic
whether he is employed by a private ship-
builder or goes into a Governmentyard. The
same amount of money is expended for the
work, and I think we should promote the in-
terests of the private ship-builders quite as
much as we should promote the interests of the
Government.
Mr. KERR- Mr. Speaker, very many
things have been said this morning by gentle-
men to whom I have yielded portions of
my hour that I intended to say myself, and
they have been said better than I could have
said them. On Monday last, when this bill
first came before the House, I appealed to the
Naval Committee and to the House to suffer
its consideration to be deferred to a subse-
quent day, next week or the week after, and
1 stated my reasons for that request. Since
then every one of the reasons 1 then stated
have been more than confirmed. We have
even yet no information upon which we can
act intelligently in the disposition of this bill.
I have in my hand, not through the favor of
the Secretary, but by the kindness of a mem-
ber of this House, a copy of the report of the
Secretary of the Navy for this year, and I say
to the House, in all kindness and with all
proper respect, that it is singularly void of
the intelligence and facts bearing npon the
subject-matter of this bill which the House
and the country had a right to expect it would
contain.
The Secretary knew this measure was pend-
ing on the files of the House, and would come
up for very early action in this session. Yet
even his report has not been put into the hands
of members to this hour. He could easily have
anticipated the kind and scope of information
and facts the House would need, yet they have
not been supplied. W e are not told in this report
what is the condition of any one of the navy-
yards in reference to their readiness or ability
to construct such vessels. We are not advised
whether there is material in any one of those
yards for the construction of these proposed
vessels or not. The gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Archer] has asserted that there is live-
oak enough in some of the yards to enable us
to construct some of these ships; but there is
a total lack of specific information on all these
subjects in the report of the Secretary, and it
is not supplied to us in any other official form
or document. All there is in this report that
is of interest in connection with this bill is
contained in less than one page.
Now, 1 say again to the House that I am
not prepared, upon the facts brought to my
mind touching the present condition of our
Navy, to act satisfactorily or intelligently on
this matter. I am not persuaded by anything
that I have seen or have been enabled to read
or have heard upon this floor that there is
to-day any necessity for the construction of
these proposed new vessels. I do not believe,
from any facts which have been placed before
the House, that the construction of these ves-
sels is called for by the condition of the country.
There are a few general considerations which
in this connection ought never to be lost sight
of by statesmen in this country. We are not
a military nation, and we do not aspire to be-
come a great naval Power in the European
sense of these terms. There is no just reason
why we should do so, but most cogent reasons
why we should not. It would be unworthy of
the position we occupy among the nations of
the world, and utterly inconsistent with the
policy and with the essential principles of our
institutions. Ours is, in theory at least, and
ought to be in spirit and in truth, a Govern-
ment of the people for the people. Our coun-
try is almost a continent, and is guarded by
mighty oceans. The Governments of the old
world are Governments of force, and they need
great armies and navies, but it is no part of
our policy to imitate them. Oar Army and
Navy are now on a peace footing in a great
measure. They could be still more reduced,
in my opinion, without any danger to any
interest of the country. What is the best
security of the United States against all kinds
of danger from without ? The very nature of
our institutions, their beneficent influence,
their peacefulachievements, and the matchless
progress of our people and country ought
always to be looked to as the chief source of
our security.
Our people and all their resources are always
at the service of the country for defense. The
best aims and most vital interests of nations
are not promoted by great standing armies
nor by grand and imperial navies. Our most
effective security against external dangers to
our country and our commerce is to be found
in what may not improperly be called the con-
crete power and influence of a mighty nation,
which we have now become.
No Power on earth desires to invade us, or
to interfere in any way with the conductof our
commeroe on any of the seas of the world.
They are safe wherever any vessel may sail,
and we need no flourish of a grand navy in
order to add anything of security to our com-
merce, feeble and inconsiderable as it is. For
the interests of our commerce the great battle
we need now to fight is with ourselves, our
prejudices, or monopolists, and our ruinous
systems of taxation and restriction.
What is of infinitely more importance to the
people of the United States is not that we
should build ap a great nary, but that we
should so remodel and reform our most imper-
fect and scaodaloas laws, affecting our com-
mercial relations with all the other nations
of the world, as that there can be built up in
this country a great and powerful commercial
marine. In that we could most effectively
increase our power, our security, our people's
prosperity, and advance also the best interests
of civilization ; and it would add ten thou-
sand-fold more to that great concrete power
and influence to which I have referred as our
chief protection, than all oar navies conld ever
add.
Thus we would have for our defense the
silent power of a great prosperity, both inter-
nal and external, and of a great commerce,
of a great commercial marine, resting upon
intelligent laws, upon freedom of exchanges,
upon freedom in the construction or purchase
of vessels, upon freedom from all the ridiculous
and exploded theories of the Middle Ages—
freedom from all the errors on these subjects
that have characterized the conduct of nations
in the past. These are the reforms we need ;
these are what we should now address our-
selves to, instead of wasting time here over
an immature bill, supported by an immature
and unconsidered report, and not sustained
by any intelligent report from any commit-
tee. 1 say this House cannot, without act-
ing as it were simply without knowledge,
intelligently dispose now of a question like
this. Let our citizens go whither they will
and purchase merehant vessels, and register
and sail them under the American flag, and
then, speedily and surely, will our commercial
ascendency begin to return; our merchant
marine will then begin to gather much of the
rich revenues derived from successful com-
merce, and our country will become more
powerful, respected, and honored.
But if I am compelled now to consider this
bill with these various amendments, then in
justice to myself I must say that in my judg-
ment, if the bill is to be framed at all, it
should be framed with every one of the amend-
ments proposed, every one of them. I am in
favor of giving this work and all Government
work to the citizens of the country, to the in-
dependent, self-governed citizens of the coun-
try who are engaged in the various pursuits
which the country needs.
There is no propriety, there is no wisdom,
there is no economy, there is no statesman-
ship, in building up within the Government,
and to be controlled by it, any of these great
systems of Government management which
belong of right and upon all principles of busi-
ness to the private citizens of the country.
If the Government wants a ship, let it employ
some of its citizcns to make that ship. If it
wants an ambulance wagon, let it employ a cit-
izen to make it. If it wants a cannon, let it
in like manner employ a citizen to make it.
Let all these kinds of business be taken out
of the hands of the Government. It is the
experience of the whole world that no Gov-
ernment can carry on any business of this
kind, or any business of any other kind—I
mean any of the ordinary business of the
private citizens—as well or as cheaply or as
effectively or as wisely and honestly as private
citizens themselves can do it.
Now, I hope that in the early future of our
country our expensive and cumbersome system
of navy-yards will be. abandoned ; that all
shall be disposed of with the exception, pos-
sibly, of one or two; that we will forever retire
from the business of ship-building in any of
its departments. In my judgment, it is as
much as the Government should attempt to do
to maintain, perhaps, one navy-yard in which,
under stress of necessity, it might be advan-
tageous for it to repair vessels. That would
be enough.
Let private citizens be encouraged; let
them understand that the Government, like
all their fellow citizens, will employ them to
do whatever is needed in their line of busi-
ness, or whatever is desired to be done. By
them it can be done more cheaply and more
successfully and more skillfully. It has been
said here by several gentlemen that if this
business is taken from our navy-yards, and
given out under private contract, of necessity
every man who shall become connected with
the execution of any such contract will be-
come a thief, will at once begin to cast around
to see how he can swindle the Government;
and that every one of his employes will en-
gage in the same kind of business. That may
be so; but if so, it indicates the existence of
a frighful condition of morals among our
people. I agree that there is a frightful con-
dition of morals in this country, and it is
greatly aggravated by this system of Govern-
ment intermeddling in private business, of
Government partiality to favored classes by
granting subsidies and special franchises, and
