1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
itself within the proper
of the true functions of
They
; most
Put
same
by failing to keep
and narrow limits
Government.
If you want security against frauds i:i tho
execution of private contracts. how can you
g"t it? It is very easy and pracicable. All
>u't need is to make sivaiialtV the now idle
ol'icer- of the Navy. Put \ our naval engin-
i> -rs on duty in the private \ards, in daily
• uperintendence of this contract work,
•ire already in the service of the country ;
of tlreir time is now wasted in idleness.
thetn at work in this way, and at the
time secure to the country the advantage of
reduced cost of construction without any loss
in the efficiency or completeness of the work
done. This practice has been most success-
fully carried out in connection with army work
and expenditures, as we all know.
I know from my personal observation, in a
very great work now going on as it were at my
very door, in the enlargement and widening
of the Portland canal—I know that in that
great enterprise, now in charge of an intelli-
gent and accomplished engineer of the United
States Army, the country is being most faith-
fully, intelligently, and scientifically served,
so as not alone to command the confidence and
respect of all the people of that section, but
so as to command also theiradmiration. These
men are more liable to Federal supervision, if
they become unfaithful to their duty. And as
a member of the Navy or Army, he is under
its control, he is governed by its laws, he is
restrained in a way that no private contractor
possibly can be.
It is perfectly legitimate for the country to
avail itself of all such advantages. If, then,
this bill must pass—if it be the judgment of
the House after such immature consideration
that the bill ought to pass in some form—I
hope that all these amendments will be adopted,
so that we may not alone have the advantage
of private contracts and of reduced expend-
itures, but that Congress (for that is the object
of one of these amendments) shall be apprised
in advance, by the aid of these same engineers,
before any appropriation is called for by the
Secretary of the Navy, as to the proposed size,
form, cost, and material of these ships. Now
there is a complete absence of all information
on these points. The Secretary does not state,
and the bill does not indicate, whether these
shall be iron vessels or wooden vessels, whether
they shall be vessels of one thousand, fifteen
hundred, or two thousand tons burden, or what
kind of guns they shall carry, or what shall be
the size and capacity of the guns. Nothing is
indicated upon these points. Nor are we in-
formed whether it is the purpose of the Navy
Department in the construction of these vessels
to incorporate in them the various improve-
ments in naval architecture which have been
discovered and developed during the last ten or
twenty years. We have, I agree, assurances
on this point from the learned geptlemen on
this floor, but we have none from the Navy
Department—none in official form—not one.
Now, why have we not? Such information is
proper and important in connection with a
measure of this kind, and I confess my sur-
prise that such information has thus far been
withheld from us.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I withdraw the motion
to recommit. Before demanding the previous
question I will yield to my colleague, [Mr.
Randall,] who wishes to modify the amend-
ment he has offered to the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale.] I do
not see my colleague in his seat; but I wish
to reserve for him the privilege of making that
modification.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
(and the Chair hears none,) that right will be
reserved.
Mr. PLATT. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 4.
Tha> gentleman has moved to amend so as
to strike out "ten or more'' and insert " not
exceeding ten." I wish to amend the amend-
ment so as to insert the words "not less than
six nor more than fourteen,'' making the
average ten.
Mr. bCOFILLD. I do not jield for that
amendment.
Mr. 11 AND ALL. 1 move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Hale] hy adding to it what 1 send to
the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
And the models, plans, specifications, and esti-
mates for the aforesaid vessels shall be procured
from naval or civil marine architects, subject to
public competition and for suitable stipulated re-
wards, upon advertisement; all of which shall be
submitted to a board of not less th.111 nine naval
officers for approval and adoption, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Navy. And after the
models, plans, specifications, and estimates, which
may be a combination of the best features of any
or all the plans submitted, or any one of them en-
tire, have been approved and adopted bv the afore-
said board, and approved by the Secretary, he may
proceed to contract, under proper advertisements,
for the construction of the aforesaid vessels with the
lowest and best bidder who will give proper secur-
ity for the faithful fulfillment of the contract in each
case; the vessels to be built according to the models,
plans, specifications, and estimates approved and
adopted as hereinbefore provided for: Pr.ivitlrrf,
That the cost shall not exceed the estimates ap-
proved by the aforesaid board: And provid■ I further,
That the Secretary of the Navy shall, as soon as
practicable after the completion of said vessels
make a report of the relative cost of those vessels
made of iron with those of wood, and the com-
parative advantages of each after experimental
test; also, the difference in cost of those constructed
in private ship-yards as compared with those con-
structed in Government ship-yards.
Mr. RANDALL. I will modify that amend-
ment by striking out before the words "naval
officers" the words "not less than nine," so
as to allow the Secretary of the Navy to decide
in his discretion what number of officers the
board shall consist of.
The SPEAKER. The amendment as thus
modified will be considered as pending.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 now yield that the
amendment which was suggested by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] may
be offered.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, to strike out
in line four the word "ten" and insert " not
exceeding ten," will be considered as pending.
Mr. LYNCH. I wish to suggest that the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Randall] should be modified by
striking out, before the word "bidder," the
words " and best," and inserting "respons-
ible so as to provide that the contract shall
be given to the "lowest responsible bidder."
Mr. RANDALL. I put in these words at
the suggestion of one of my colleagues, but I
am not tenacious about the matter, and will
modify the amendment in the manner sug-
gested.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now yield to allow the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Platt] to offer
an amendment.
Mr. PLATT. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts by
striking out " not exceeding ten" and insert-
ing "not less than six nor more than four-
teen."
Mr. COX. I move to amend by striking
out "ten," before the words " steam vessels,"
in line four, and inserting " six."
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have no objection to
that amendment being considered as pending.
Mr. HALE. If the gentleman offers that
amendment I hope he will also move to amend
by substituting "three" for "five," which
will be necessary to make the other part of
the bill conform to the amendment.
Mr. COX. I had ihtended to move that
farther amendment, and will offer it now as a
part of this proposition.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to say that that
part of my amendment which relates to mak-
ing a report emanates from the gentleman
the pre-
pensing
from Texas, [Mr llmixnox,] who has had a
great, deal of practical experience oil the sub-
j eet.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 no.v demand
viotis question upon the bill and
amendments.
Mr. KERR. I wish to pui an inquiry to the
Chair. If the previous question be not sec-
onded, will it not, be in order to move a recom-
mitment of the bill with all the amendments?
The SPEAKER. That will be in order, of
course, if the House should refuse to second
the demand tor the previous question.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were — ayes G4, noes 57 j no
quorum voting.
Tellers ^vere ordered ; and Mr. Scofielii
and Mr. Kkrr were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 79, noes 44.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Having reported the bill
from a committee, aui I not now entitled to an
hour ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is enti-
tled to an hour (if he indicates his purpose
to occupy it) to close the debate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I want a few minutes
myself, and I have promised the remainder of
my hour four or five times, I believe. I yield,
in the first place, ten minutes to the gentle
man from Maryland, [Mr. Archer.]
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Speaker, I would not
trouble the House with any further remarks
upon this bill but for the fact that I am a mem-
ber of the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
have been such for the last five years or more,
and the further fact that I deem the bill now
before the House of vast importance to the
country. And first, I wish to refer to the sug-
gestion which has been made by the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] and other members,
that the Committee on Naval Affairs seemed
disposed to press this bill upon the House
without giving sufficient time for considera-
tion. Now, the fact is that this bill was re-
ported to the House by the Naval Committee
in May last; and if members who are opposiug
the bill or who know not its provisions lack
information, they must blame themselves, not
the committee.
I agree with the gentleman from Indiana
that the Secretary of the Navy has not given
to this House that full information in regard
to the Navy which we had a right to expect
from the head of the Department having juris-
diction of this subject. I assert again what I
said but a few days since, that our Navy, with
few exceptions, is in a rotten and ruinous con-
dition. It is true that there are thirteen hun-
dred and seventy-eight naval guns afloat, but
four hundred and sixty-two of them are on
vessels now in commission ; the rest are on
vessels which it would cost the Government
more to repair and fit for the sea than it would
cost to build new vessels.
Now as to the object of building these ten
vessels. Some seem to think that the only
purpose of the Navy of this country is to pro-
tect the commerce of the country ; but I wish
to say that there are other objects which we
have in view in maintaining our Navy, one
being to protect the American citizen wherever
he may be, to keep up a police of the seas
of the world, so that the title of an American
citizen may be as potent a protection as was
in olden time the civis Romanus sum of the
Roman citizen. It is necessary, sir. that our
flag should float over the guns of the country, in
order that this nation and its citizens shall be
respected by foreign nations. I am aware that
civilized nations pay sufficient regard to the
rights of our citizens; but the people whom we
wish to impress with the greatness and strength
of our country are the semi-civilized nations
of the world; and it is for this object more
than any other that the building of these vessels
is required.
