1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1013
Mr. BtJTLER, of Massachusetts. I describe
them as well as I can. I do not know what
ora f nOIP *
The SPEAKER. That is just the point. If
the gentlemen knew their names, and inserted
tbem in the bill, it would be a private bill.
But the bill may have reference to a hundred
persons or a hundred thousand persons; the
Chair has no means of knowing how many.
In the Montana bill there is a specific number,
which is named in the memorandum of the
War Department, on which the bill is based.
Mr. TAFFE. Is there any essential differ-
ence because the bill happens to name the
individuals to whom the benefit inures?
The SPEAKER. Happening to name the
individuals is just the point where the charac-
ter of the bill, as a private bill, comes in.
Mr. BUTLER, ofMassachusetts. Would it
be in order to refer this question to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary?
The SPEAKER. The question of the ruling
of the Chair?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir;
we have considered that question in the com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is a
matter for the Committee on the Rules. It is
not the Chair that makes the point on the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
Chair refer the point to the House ?
The SPEAKER. That can be done by an
appeal.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
desire to appeal by any means. But the rule
provides that the Speaker may refer a point,
to the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mis-
taken. The Chair may refer the point as to
whether a question is one of privilege. If a
gentleman rises to a question of privilege, and
the Chair doubts whether it is a question of
privilege, he may leave the House to decide
the point. But there is nothing in the rule
which allows the Chair to refer to the House
the question whether he is right in his rulings
or not. The Chair knows of no such provision
as rhat.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Blaik,]
will withdraw the point of order.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I insist upon
the point of order.
Mr. SPEAKER. And it is the duty of the
Chair to sustain it.
CLERK S0t>RKMli COURT, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to report a bill to
regulate the salary of the clerk of the su-
preme court of the District of Columbia.
The bill was read. It provides that the
clerk of the supreme court of the District of
Columbia may retain, out of the emoluments
of his office, for his own compensation, the
same amount which, by the existing laws, is
allowed to the Uuited States district attorney
and marshal for said District out of the emol-
uments of their offices foe their compensation
respectively, being the same compensation
which was allowed by law to the clerk of the
late circuit court of the said District.
Mr. HIBBARD. I raise the point of order
that this is not a private bill.
Mr. KERR. I would like to say just a
word in reference to this bill. A week ago,
when it was reported to the House. I made
objection to it. I have since made full inquiry
in regard to it. . .
Mi. HIBBARD. I ask the decision of the
Chair on tho point of order, that- this is a
pubhc bill. . . ,
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit that it is not a
public bill. It is a bill to relieve thei clerk ot
the supreme court ot the District of Columbia
from the operation of existing law.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is g>ad the
point has been raised, as it enables him
fuither to direct attention to the distinction
between a public and a private bill. It is
proposed in this bill to legislate in regard to a
public officer of the District of Columbia,
with reference to his receipt and disbursement
of certain fees in the supreme court of the
District of Columbia. It is not for Mr. A B,
or Mr. C D, or anybody else, but for any
officer, whoever he may be, so long as he
holds that office. It is in the judgment of the
Chair clearly and unequivocally a public bill.
The bill is not before the House.
JOHN K HAN NAY.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No.
714) for the relief of John K. Hannay.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. In its preamble it sets
forth that John K. Hannay, of Chicago, Illi-
nois, was the owner of the following described
United States Government coupon bonds, com-
monly known as five-twenties : No. 40659 of
the first series of bonds of 1862, dated May 1,
1862, for $100; also, Nos. 4133, 45792, and
45793, (number of series unknown,) act of
1862, for $100 each ; also, No. 22129, act of
June 30, 1864, for $100; also, Nos. 19793,
20280, and 20282, act of March 3, 1865, for
$100, each coupon payable in May and Novem-
ber, which bonds were destroyed by fire, in
Chicago, on the 9th of October, 1871. The
bill therefore authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to redeem all the above described
bonds which he can identify by the above
description, and to issue to John K. Hannay
for the remaining bonds which he cannot
identify by the above description certificates
of their dates, amounts, and numbers, which
certificates shall be redeemable by the Treas-
ury, with interest, if the bond or bonds of
the number they represent is missing from
any one alphabetical letter or series, or does
not appear at the Treasury for three months
after the corresponding numbered bonds of
all the other outstanding alphabetical letters
or series of the same date and issue are
redeemed.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say to the House that the petition of the per-
son named in the bill is supported by testi-
mony that was entirely conclusive with the
committee that bis bonds were destroyed in
the great fire that destroyed the city of Chi-
cago. He has identified a number of them by
the numbers originally borne ou the face of
the bonds. The bill is so guarded that it
remains m the discretion of the Department
that tbey should be fully satisfied betore pay-
ing other bonds.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I would
inquire why a special bill is necessary in this
case ? As 1 understand it Congress has passed
a general law authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to replace bonds destroyed in this
way. That statute is to be found upon page
168 of the acts of this Congress.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not think that stat-
ute covers this case. There are a number of
these bonds that cannot be identified by their
numbers, and hence the gentleman will see
that the case does not come within that statute.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that bill will be
read again. I understand that it proposes
to issue duplicate bonds in cases where the
numbers of the bonds alleged to have been
destroyed are not given.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the Department is
satisfied that the bonds were destroyed.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is a new feature in
our legislation.
Mr. BINGHAM. The evidence is very
clear that the party owned the bonds. _
Mr. HOLMAN. But he cannot furnish the
numbers. . ,
Mr. BINGHAM. He cannot furnish the
numbers because he has not got them; the
bonds were burned.
Mr. HOLMAN. Nothing could be more
dangerous than this legislation. I would move
to strike out that portion of the bill in relation
to the bonds the number of the series of
which is not known, but all the other cases
included in the bill are provided for. I there-
fore move that the bill do lie on the table.
The question was taken ; andthemotion was
agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION OF COLLECTORS, ETC.
Mr. BINGHAM. I report back from the
Committee on the Judiciary, with the recom-
meudation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No.
3423) to amend an act entitled ''An act to
amend section five of an act entitled 'An act
making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the
year 1841,' approved March 3, 1841, and to
authorize the proper construction thereof."
Mr. COX. Is that a private bill ?
The SPEAKER. It is clearly a public bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. It applies to but three
persons in the United States and can never
apply to more. I supposed, therefore, that it
was a private bill.
The SPEAKER. A bill might be a private
bill and allude to three thousand persons, and
it might be a public bill and allude to but one.
LEONIDAS HASKELL.
Mr. ELDREDGE, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3726)
for the relief of the heirs and legal represent-
atives of Leonidas Haskell, deceased; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It confers authority and
jurisdiction on the Court of Claims to adjudi-
cate, on terms of equity and justice, the claim,
of the heirs and legal representatives of Leon-
idas Haskell, deceased, for stores furnished
the quartermaster general's department of
the Army of the United States in 1861 and
thereafter, and it also provides that there shall
be right of appeal from the findings and judg-
ment of such Court of Claims to the Supreme
Court of the United States as in other cases.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELDREDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ESTATES OF INFANTS.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to report back
House bill No. 3017, in relation to the sale
and disposal of the lands and estates of inlants
in the District of Columbia, and to move that
the committee be discharged from its further
consideration and that the same be laid on
the table. The law in this District is now
precisely as it is sought to be made by this bill,
and consequently there is no necessity for ita
passage.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELDREDGE moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. •
isaac taylor.
Mr. VOORHEES, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported back House bill No.
3180, to ajudicate the rights and losses of Isaac
Taylor, owner of the bark Alvarado of Boston*
Massachusetts; and moved that the committee
be discharged from its further consideration
and that the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
