1873.
TAB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1973
Mr. STEVENSON. That was not theques-
tion.
Mr. SPENCER. It would have been rec-
ommended if the committee had had a chance
to consider it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it is not
recommended by any committee the Chair
will rule it out of order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to offer
an amendment as a substitute for the amend-
ment reported by the committee on page 11,
from line two hundred and fifty-six down to
line two hundred and sixty-seven. I move the
following substitute:
For a plan for a new building for a Library of
Congress. $5,000; and the selection of a plan, to-
gether with the selection and supervision of said
building, shall be in charge of a commission to con-
sist of the chairman of the joint Committee on
the Library, the chairmen of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds of the Senate, and
the Librarian of Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is pro-
posed in lieu of the amendment to be found on
page 11, from line two hundred and fifty-six
to line two hundred sixty-seven.
Mr. HAMLIN. Who are provided for as
commissioners ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The chairman
ofthe joint Committee on the Library, the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds of the Senate, and the Librarian of
Congress.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. Just preceding that clause there
was an amendment passed over which I think
had better be disposed of at, this time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection that amendmentwill now be con-
sidered.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was on page 11, line two hundred and forty-
nine, after the word " dollars" to strike out
the following words:
And ofthe 815,000 appropriated by act of June 10,
1872, to enable said committee to purchase works of
art, the sum of $10,000 is hereby declared to have
been appropriated and shall be expended for the
Surpose of providing for a statue of the late Edward
'ickinson Baker.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine._ The committee
recommend that that provision be stricken
out, and I hope the Senate will concur with
the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend the bill
by inserting after line one hundred and eighty
the following:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to adjust the accounts of any person who
may have been duly employed in the collection of
captured and abandoned property, and to pay any
balances found due said persons out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to lay that
amendment on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOPER. I offer the following
amendment to insert on page 40, after line
nine hundred and seventy-one :
For erection of building for use of custom-house,
post office, and court-house at Nashville, iennes-
see, $160,000.
Mr. COLE. That is a new appropriation
Mr. COOPER. No, sir; it is in accord-
ance with a law passed at the present session.
Mr. COLE. I think I can raise a point of
order upon it,
Mr. COOPER. What is the point?
Mr. COLE. That the amendment has not
been reported by a committee.
Mr. COOPER. That is unnecessary under
the rule. It is to carry out an existing law
passed at the present session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of that opinion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. By direction of the Com-
mittee ou the District of Columbia, I offer the
following amendment, to come in after line
ten hundred and forty-nine:
To reimburse the city of Washington for improve-
ment of the avenues of said ci&y, and for work done
thereon not chargeable against owners of private
property, not included in appropriations heretofore
made, $1,606,662 SO; and this appropriation shall be
available on and after the passage of this act, and
shall be subject to the draft of the Board of Public
Works, upon the certificate of the engineer in charge
of the public buildings and grounds as to the amount
of work done and prices paid.
Mr. CASSERLY. This is a very large
amendment to be brought in here at this hour
of the night. Where does it come from, and
what are the grounds for it ?
Mr. SAWYER. I have not given up the
floor. I beg the Senator from California to
give me an opportunity to say what I was about
to say before the floor is taken from me.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not understand
that the Senator from South Carolina was per-
manently in possession of the floor.
Mr. SAWYER. I was on my feet and offer-
ing an amendment, and was still talking when
the floor was taken from me.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 beg the Senator's par-
don ; he had ceased to address the Chair and
was keeping up a lively conversation with the
gentlemen around him ; but of course, I yield.
Mr. SAWYER. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; I do not propose to make an issue with
the honorable Senator from California on this
point; but I was addressing the Chair and no
other person at any time since I rose to offer
the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
supposed the Senator had abandoned the floor.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say that this
amendment is part of an amendment which
was proposed by the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia and referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and the Committee on
Appropriations authorized the insertion in the
biil of three of the four items proposed by the
Committee on the District of Columbia. This
is the fourth item, and is offered from that
committee.
[Mr. THURMAN addressed Mr. Sawyer
in a low tone, to which the latter responded.]
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to hear the
question propounded to the Senator from
South Carolina by the Senator from Ohio. I
have no doubt it was an interesting one, and
I should like to hear the answer.
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator will ask a
question 
Mr. CASSERLY. I supposed this was pub-
lic business, and the Senator from Ohio asked
a question of the Senator from South Carolina
which he answered in so low a tone that I
could not hear it. If it is private business, of
course I do not inquire into it.
Mr. SAWYER. As to the question the Sen-
ator from Ohio asked me in a low tone and I
answered in a low tone. I will now endeavor
to satisfy my somewhat captious friend from
California. The reason that this item was not
put in the bill was because the Committee on
the District of Columbia do not make up the
appropriation bills, but they are made up or
reported from the Committee on Appropria-
tions. If the Committee on the District of
Columbia had reported this bill they would
have put in this item, because they voted to
offer it as an amendment from that committee.
The Committee on Appropriations did not
authorize the insertion of this item in the bill
before us. They did, however, as I have said
before, authorize the insertion in the bill of
three out of the four items which made up the
amendment, proposed by the Committee on the
District of Columbia. I will now proceed.
Mr. THURMAN. That was my question ;
why did not the Committee on Appropriations
put in this item ?
Mr. SAWYER. Because the majority of
the committee were not in favor of it.
Mr. THURMAN. That is what I wanted
i to find out.
Mr. SAWYER. I suppose that is the
reason they did not put in a great many things.
But as I was about to say, the item is made
up in this way: there has been expended in
this city from 1802 down to the present time
by the city government of Washington on the
avenues and streets of the city the sum of
$891,000; by the government at present in
power in Washington, the Board of Public
Works, there has been expended something
over $1,200,000, making an aggregate spent
by the citizens of Washington on the avenues
of this city of $2,128,000 or thereabouts.
These avenues are thirty-five miles in length,
averaging one hundred and sixty feet wide.
They are the national feature of the national
Capitol. They are named after the States.
They are twice the width of the streets. They
are avenues which would not be laid out by
any town which was simply laid out by its
inhabitants for ordinary purposes of trade or
commerce. The expense of keeping them in
order is an expense which no town can bear
without making a heavy drain upon the re-
sources of the people. It was deemed proper
by the Committee on the District of Columbia
that the Government should reimburse the
citizens of the city of Washington a consider-
able portion if not the whole of this expendi-
ture.
Now let me mention some of the consider-
ations which brought them to that conclusion.
In the first place the Government of the United
States owns forty per cent, of all the property
in the city of Washington. The valuation of
the Government property is fifty millions, while
that of private individuals is but ninety mil-
lions. The second consideration is this: that
there have been spent on the streets and ave-
nues of this city, from 1802 to 1871, by the
citizens of Washington, the sum of $13,913,-
000. The General Government, notwithstand-
ing that it is the possessor of forty per cent,
of all the property of the District, has in that
whole time paid but $1,300,000, or less than
ten per cent, of the entire sum. These were
two of the considerations which led the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to report
in favor of reimbursing the city for the amount
spent on the avenues. The sum you will ob-
serve is $1,606,000, whereas the sum which
has been spent by the citizens of Washington
on these avenues is $2,128,000.
There are two deductions which have al-
ready been made from that total: one by the
act of June 10,1872, of some $77,000; another
by the late act of January 8, 1873, the exact
figures of which I have here, a little over
$200,000. The amount which was refunded
by the act of January 8, 1873, for work done
on the avenue was $230,851 98.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask unanimous consent
to take five minutes more.
Several Senators. Go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objec-
tion being made, the Senator will proceed.
Mr. SAWYER. Besides these two sums
of $77,000 and $230,000, which have been
paid by the appropriations of June 10 last,
and of January 8, of this year, there is a sum
of $213,000 which is included in three items
which have already been inserted in the bill.
These in the aggregate make the sum of
$521,709 62 to be deducted from the total of
$2,128,371 92, leaving the sum which I have
placed in the amendment that I offered.
Now, it is for the Senate to say whether
the views which governed the Committee on
the District of Columbia in recommending this
appropriation are just. It should be borne
in mind, Mr. President,_ tbat the population
of this city is a population one ihird at least
of mere sojourners here ; men who come here
because it is the capital; men who come here
to make a merely temporary stay, who, if they
earn more than it costs them to live, send the
