1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
if'
51
of skilled mechanics and laborers, many of
whom are now out of employment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Lynch.]
Mr. LYNCH. 1 desire to correct a state-
ii eut lhat has been repeatedly made in this
Hou >e in regard to the vessels of the Navy
winch we possessed at the close ot the war. It
was stated here by my colleague, [Mr. Hale,]
and I think other members of the Naval Com-
mittee, while the naval appropriation bill was
under discussion during the last session, that
no record of those vessels could be found ; that
they had entirely vanished, and that no record
ot them could be found at the Navy Depart-
ment. It has been stated on this floor re-
peatedly by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] and by other gentlemen that such
w.is the fact. Now, sir, so far from that being
the case, the fact is that this House by resolution
at the second session of the Fortieth Congress
called for the detailed information as to the
sale of these vessels, when sold, where sold,
and the amouuts received for them. And that
information was furnished by the Secretary of
Treasury and can be found in Executive Docu-
ment No. '-'82, second session of the Fortieth
Congress, which brings the information asked
for down to May 1, 1868, giving the name of
every vessel, the place where sold, the date
when sold, and the amount received for the
same.
The Committee on the Decline of American
Commerce called for the same information,
covering the period from April 1, 1861, to
April 1, 1865, and bringing it down to Feb-
ruary 17, 1870, and it was furnished by the
Secretary of the Navy, and may be found on
pages 253 and 254 of the report of that com-
mittee, a copy of which I now hold in my
hand. By referring to the report it will be
seen that the total number of vessels sold from
April, 1865, to May, 1868, was 420. From
April 1, 1864, to April, 1865, 51 ; making
tiie total number of vessels sold from April,
18ol, to 1st May, 1868, to be 471 ; amount
received for vessels sold from April, 1865, to
May, 1868, $9,710,575 55; amount received
from vessels sold from April 1, 1861, to April
1, 1865. §41,400; amount received from May
1, 1868, to date, $812,534 90; total amount
received, $10,764,510 45. The report gives a
detailed account, as I have before said, of
every vessel sold by the Navy Department.
The report also shows the vessels on hand at
the commencement of the war, (page 245,) and
the vessels which have been bnilt since April 1,
1861, (pages 248, 249, 250, 251, 252, and 253.)
It shows when and where each vessel was built,
whether iu private yards or the navy-yards,
where the machinery was built and by whom,
and the total cost. This list makes a com-
plete record and furnishes all the information
desired. There is not a single vessel that has
been built and owned by the Navy Depart-
ment which is not accounted for upon their
record. Such being the case, and all the
material facts appearing in documents acces-
sible to every member, 1 have been surprised
to hear a statement to the contrary reiterated
upon this floor time and again, and to see it
going through the press of the country. And
1 take this occasion to correct it, for it is not
correct.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I desire to ask
the gentleman whether or not that detailed
information was not asked at the last session
of this Congress of the present Secretary of
the Navy, and whether Executive Document
No. 250 of the last session of this Congress,
furnished by the Secretary of the Navy, did
not conceal from us the names of the vessels,
the names of the purchasers, and the amounts
for which they were sold? That paper from
which the gentleman quotes does not show
that fact.
Mr. LYNCH. This paper to which the
gentleman refers does not show that fact;
but the document to which I refer him does,
except the name of the purchaser of the ves-
sels, and at the time when the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] called for that
information it was in documents which had
been furnished by the order of the House,
If, instead of putting in a resolution calling
upon the Navy Department for that informa-
tion, he had sent to the document-room, he
could have got the information he required.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield five minutes to
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale,] my
colleague on the committee.
Mr. HALE. I am glad to see that the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] is in favor
of the amendment which I offered. Iam glad
to find him going with me in that direction.
But I wish to say a few words in opposition to
what I believe was an unmerited censure on
his part of the Navy Department and the Sec-
retary of the Navy. The gentleman finds fault
because more information has not been afforded
in the report of the Secretary pertaining to the
subject-matter of this bill. Now, the whole
that there is in the report of the Secretary of
the Navy about this bill is found in two, or at
most three, short paragraphs. And thereason
is this, and it should be stated here in justice
to the Secretary. My experience as a member
of the Committee on Appropriations shows
this: that there is no Department of the Gov-
ernment that has run so strictly within the
appropriations given by Congress as the De-
partment of the Navy. There are less deficien-
cies yearly coming up from that Department
than from any other which has been established.
This is the case with reference to the past year
of the present Administration, and it is so in
the present year. The Secretary has not seen
fit, therefore, to burden Congress with a length-
ened detail on this subject-matter, or insisting
at length that Congress has been wrong here
tofore in not appropriating money to build
new vessels. But he does briefly express him-
self that an economic system of conducting our
Navy in future would be to build a few vessels
of the class that are provided for in this bill,
and thus save money that is put out in repairs.
Now, he has said that it would be econom-
ical for Congress to put the money into the
hands of the Navy Department to build these
new vessels. Now, I venture to say that the
Navy Department will be run as it has been
in years past on the appropriations made by
Congress, and the amount of the expenditures
will not be the fault of the Secretary of the
I Navy or the Navy Department, but of the sys-
tem that came down to this Administration
from the Administration that preceded it, and
which Congress continues to entail upon the
Department.
One word, also, in this same line of defense
i of the Navy Department and in reply to the
i gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.] He
says, and it is the old story which we have
heard here so often, that hundreds of vessels
have been sold by the present administration of
! the Navy Department, and no knowledge has
been furnished to Congress of the whereabouts
of the proceeds. If the gentleman will look
at the record he will see that almost all the
| reduction of the Navy by the sale #f vessels
J, were in the years immediately succeeding the
, war and during the administration of Mr.
\ Welles. I venture to say that not one of our
old hulls has been sold in reference to which
;i a courteous inquiry will not elicit the figures
! showing where every dollar received for it has
gone.
II Mr. SCOFIELD. Gentlemen who are in
!! favor of this bill, or who are in favor of build-
ing ten new sloops of war, I find divided in
opinion as to where they should be built,
whether in navy-yards or by contract in pri-
vate yards. I wish to call the attention of
gentlemen who are opposed to the bill alto-
gether, gentlemen who design to vote against
the bill altogether, to the position of the ques-
tion, and to ask them to vote down the amend-
v.
ment of the gentleman fronv .Maine., £Mr.
Hale.] x -
Mr. RANDALL. I hope not.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Gentlemen who are op-
posed to the bill altogether may be said to he
indifferent as to some of its provisions. The
policy of having navy-yards came from tiie
Opposition ; it was the Democratic party of this
country which began and continued their con-
struction, and it was by Democratic votes that
they were fostered down to the time when tho
political control of the country passed into the
hands of the present dominant party. It is for
that reason that I think I have a right to ask
gentlemen upon the other side to consider the
question whether we are to abandon altogether
the policy which they adopted in the days of
their power, and which they have sustained
down to this time.
I have come to the conclusion, sir, that il
we build these vessels at all we should build
them ourselves, and, in the first place, because
we can make them a great deal better than
any one can make them for us. If these vessels
are built in private yards they are to be built,
gentlemen will recollect, tinder the control of
the naval constructors of the Navy Depart-
ment ; but I say that there never has been a
failure in workmanship in one of our navy-
yards.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will after I get through
with this point.
Mr. HALE. I want to ask a question upon
this very point.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Well, I will yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. HALE. Where does the gentleman
class those immense failures under Mr. Isher-
wood during the administration of Secretary
Welles—as failures in public yards, or as
failures in private enterprises?
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 will answer the gentle-
man's question. There may have been fail-
ures in the navy-yards in the plans and models
of vessels and in the machinery or the size of
the machinery for the capacity of the vessel;
but there has been no failure in workmanship ;
and, as I have said, if the amendment of my
colleague [Mr. Randall] prevails the models
and the design of these vessels are to be under
the control of the naval constructors of the
Navy Department. It is just like building a
house. Any gentleman who has ever had any
experience in that knows very well that he can
get his house built by contract more cheaply
than he can go on and build it if he pays for
the work by the day. But he will also find
that the men who take the contract will be con-
tinually coming forward with changes and
alterations, for all of which he will have to
pay pretty smartly, and by the time he gets
through paying the bills he will find that he
will have paid quite as much as if he had had
the work done by the day. And then when
he has moved into the house he will for years
be under the necessity of paying for changes
and improvements in it.
It was said on yesterday by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. L. Myers] that a
very good ship, the Ironsides, had been built
in a private yard. How does he know that?
It never was in any great storm or in any
great battle.
Mr. L. MYERS. It was in service before
Charleston.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I know it was before Fort
Fisher. But the great test to which these ves-
sels are to be submitted, its trial in a great
storm, which may come but once iu ten years,
has not been applied to that vessel. When it
shall be so applied you will find out its power
of resisting such a test.
If these vessels shall be built in our navy-
yards they will be well constructed. No man
engaged upon them will have any motive to
slight the work. Every man will be anxious
to do the work well, because he will not be
