1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
Mr. COX. I trust the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] will not object to the
bill for the relief of this gentleman. Ho is a
son of John Forsyth, who was formerly Sec-
retary of State,
Mr. MAYNARD. My point is that the
general law embraced everybody except a very
few persons, of whom I understand this man
is not one. The only persons excepted, so far
as I remember, are those who were members
of Congress at the outbreak of the war, and
one or two other classes.
Mr. DAWES. The excepted classes are
members of the Thirty-Sixth .and Thirty-
Seventh Congresses, judges of the United States
and of the several States, and officers of the
Army and Navy.
Mr. MAYNARD. According to my recol-
lection of the general law, there is no necessity
for any such legislation as this.
The SPEAKER. According to the recol-
lection of the Chair as to the provisions of the
general act, this gentleman would be included,
except that the act did not define the precise
time when diplomatic service might have been
performed.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is the point. Ican-
not state the precise date. Certainly this man
is under disabilities.
Mr. COX. If he is not, the passage of the
bill cannot do any harm.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and (two
thirds voting in favor thereof) passed.
D. C. DEJARNETTE.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3730)
to remove the disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth article of amendments of the Con-
stitution from Daniel C. DeJarnette, of Vir-
ginia ; which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. DeJarnette was a
member of this House during the Thirty-Sixth
Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is there a petition in
that case 1
Mr. BINGHAM. There is.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I ask that it be
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
To the Congresft of the United States :
I respectfully request the removal of the disabil-
ities imposed on me by the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution of the United
January 14,1873.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the bill will be considered as having passed
by the requisite two-thirds majority.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
HEIRS OF CHARLES EIERER.
Mr. HANCOCK, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, submitted an adverse
report on the petition of the heirs of Charles
Fierer; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
HEIRS OF NJ8IIEMIAH STOKELY.
Mr. HANCOCK also, from the same com-
mittee, submitted an adverse report on the peti-
tion of the heirs of Nehemiah Stokely ; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
CONFIRMATION OE TITLE.
Mr. UPSON, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No.
3731) to confirm certain land-titles m the
State of Missouri; which was read a second
llIThe bill was read. The preamble to the bill
recites that the Baron ot Carondelet, governor
general of the territory of Louisiana, on the
15th of March, 1797, instructed Zenon Iru-
deau, lieuteuaut governor, to place Moses Aus-
tin in possession of a league square of land at
Mine it Bruton, in said territory ; and that
Moses Austifl, in the year 1798, look posses-
sion of the land by moving upon it with his
family, and improved the same by building
dwelling-house, blacksmith shop, furnace, and
other improvements; and that the lieutenant
governor, on the 14th of January, 1799, ordered
Antoine Soulard, surveyor in said territory, to
survey the land and put Austin legally in pos-
session of the same, which survey, No. 52, con-
taining 7,153 arpents and 32ยง feet, was exe-
cuted by Antoine Soulard, and a certificate of
the same filed by him in November, 1800; and
that Don John Ventura Morales, then gover-
nor at New Orleans, in the year 1802, in the
name of the king of Spain, granted Moses Aus-
tin the lands so surveyed and located. The
bill then provides, in the first section, that the
grant of lands now No. 430 on the plat in the
surveyor general's office in townships thirty-
seven and thirty-eight, range two east, in the
county of Washington, of the State of Missouri,
containing 7,153^? arpents, (6,085acres,)
be confirmed to Moses Austin or his legal rep-
resentatives ; provided that this act shall not
affect nor impair the title of any settler or other
person who may have acquired adverse to the
title of Moses Austin the right to any portion
of the land. The second section directs and
requires the Secretary of the Interior to issue a
patent for the said lands subject to the condi-
tions contained in the proviso to the first sec-
tion.
Mr. RANDALL. Is there any report ac-
companying this bill 1
Mr. UPSON. There is; and I ask it be
read.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Ohio whether this claim was
ever confirmed by the board of commissioners
we have had in Missouri to settle these Spanish
land titles?
Mr. UPSON. I think it has not been con-
firmed by that board; but if the gentleman
from Missouri will listen to the reading of the
report, I think he will be satisfied the bill ought
to pass.
The report of the committee was read.
They state that the bill (H. R. No. 1282) to
confirm certain land titles in the State of Mis-
souri was referred to them ^that the land re-
ferred to in the bill is located in the county of
Washington, State of Missouri. The State of
Missouri was formerly part of the territory of
France, which ceded it to Spain by the third
article ofthe treaty of San Ifdefonso, conclud-
ed on the 1st of October, 1800, between the
king of Spain and the first consul of the
French republic. The former agreed to cede
to the French republic six months after the
execution of certain parts thereof, the colony
and province of Louisiana, with the same ex-
tent of territory it then had in the hands of
Spain, or had when France formerly possessed
it. On the 21st of March, 1801, the cession
was effected ; but it was not promulgated nor
did France take possession until 1803. In
the mean time. Spam remained in actual pos-
session of all the said territory, and continued
to dispose of Government lands therein ^ to
actual settlers, as if s-.,i treaty or cession
had not been made. On the 15th of March,
1797, Moses Austin, by his attorney, applied
to the Spanish authorities to grant him the
title to 7,153 arpents and 35| feet of j^nd,
one league square, in the place called Mine
a Bruton. On the 14th of January, 1797, an
order was duly issued to the surveyor, Don
Antoine Soulard, commissioning him to put
Moses Austin in possession of the land, which
order was duly executed by Soulard, wfio duly
surveyed the same, and put Austin in the pos-
session of 7,153 arpents and 32j feet of land,
one square league; and Soulard's action thereon
was confirmed and approved. On the 5th of
July, 1802, Don John Bonaventure Morales,
treasurer of armies, intendant interim of_ the
royal finances of the provinces of Louisiana
and western Florida, superintendent, sub-dele-
gate, Judge of arrivals, of lands, and king's
domains, by grant duly executed and recorded,
granted and conveyed the same to Moses Aus-
tin. Austin, by his agents, took possession
of the lands in April, 1798; and personally,,
with his family, in September of the same
year; and erected houses, shops, mills, shot
factory, and furnaces thereon, and cleared and
cultivated the land, and continued to dwell upon
and cultivate the same up to October, 1808,
but subsequently sold the same ; and it is now
held and occupied by persons claiming under
titles derived from Moses Austin. The town
of Potosi, containing several hundred inhab-
itants, is now upon a portion of the lands.
The committee, deeming it just that the title
ofthe United States should be relinquished to
purchasers in good faith of the lands, under
title derived from Moses Austin, report a sub-
stitute for the bill, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
Mr. UPSON. This case has been submitted
to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and I send to the Clerk's desk, to be
read, a letter of the Commissioner in relation
thereto ; after which I will demand the pre-
vious question.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department op the Intekiok,
General Land Office,
Washington, D. C., March 22,1872.
Sie : In compliance with the request of Hon. J.
R. McCokmick, I have the honor to submit here-
with my views as to whether or not the claim of
Moses Austin, referred to in my letters to you of the
7th and 12th instants, ought to be confirmed, and
also whether said claim should be confirmed in the
manner provided for in the House bill No. 1282,
second session Forty-Second Congress, entitled "A
bill to confirm certain land titles in the State of
Missouri."
After a careful examination of the papers m the
case, as referred to in my former letters above men-
tioned, I see no objection to the relinquishment by
Congress of the title of the United States in this
case to Moses Austin, or his legal representatives,
provided it can be satisfactorily shown that no set-
tlers have settled within the exterior boundaries of
said claim except such as claim by descent or pur-
chase from the original claimant, Austin.
With respect to the form of House bill 1282, I
respectfully suggest that instead of the last two
lines of the said bill the following be inserted:
" That the title of the United States to the land
herein described be, and the same is hereby, relin-
quished to the said Moses Austin, or his legal repre-
sentatives." ,  
An additional section should also be inserted
authorizing the issue of a patent for the land men-
tioned in the bill.
Very respectfully,
Cominisb loner.
Hon. ULYSSES Mercur, Chairman Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, House of Representative*.
Mr. UPSON. The House will observe that
the bill has been amended as suggested by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office. The
committee is satisfied that no persons other
, than the representatives of Moses Austin have
I acquired interest in the lands in controversy.
But, in order to guard any possible rights
a provision lias been inserted in the bill, that
it shall not affect the interests _ of any other
person. I now demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and nassed.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. O. E. BABCOOK,his Private Sec-
retary, informed the House that the President
j had approved and signed bills of the following
'tll,ASbill (H. R. No. 2982) to abolish the
frauking privilege;
A bill (H. K. No. 2333) to aid m mam-
