52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
benefited at all if ho does it badly. But if we
let this work out by private contract, then
every piece of cheap timber or of cheap iron,
and every panicle of ch^ap labor that can be
put upon it, will result in so much gain to the
contractor. I say that in point of fact we can
build every one of these vessels in a better
manner and at less cost in our own yards than
if built by private enterprise ; and for this rea-
son : the private contractor must make a profit
for himself and upon all his materials, and
must make enough to pay dividends upon the
capital stock of his yard.
We have eight navy-yards ; seven of them
are in good working condition. We can
to-morrow put eight of these ships in course
of construction, if Congress shall so order,
four to be of iron and tour of wood, and we
can construct them all before the private
yards of the country could do the same thing.
We have all the necessary machinery ; we
have all the officers, the foremen and super-
intendents, and we have a portion of the
laborers whom we are paying all the time.
In point of fact, we would really take less
money out of the Treasury if we should
build these ten ships in Government yards
than if we had them built in private yards.
But gentlemen say that the private yards will
have the advantage over the public yards, in
the fact that their workmen are required to
work ten hours for a day's work, while the
workmen we employ are required to labor
but eight hours for a day's work. It is true
they have that advantage. But we make it
up, as I have said, in the capital invested in
our buildings, in the machinery we already
have on hand, and in the large number of
men we have employed, and whom we have to
pay any way.
Even suppose that statement is all true,
are gentlemen such demagogues as to come
here and vote for the eight-hour system of
labor, and then go home and tell their people
how hard tbey have striven to secure them the
benefits of the eight-hour per day system of
labor, and afterward come back here and vote
for a law that will take this work out of the
shops where eight-hours' labor constitutes a
day's work, and put it in shops where laborers
are required to work ten hours a day!
Now, I voted for the eight-hour system of
labor; I was very much in favor of it. The
labor reform party did not put my name on
their tickets—I did not ask them to do so—as
they did the names of some of my colleagues;
but I have always advocated the eight-hour
system as enough for human muscles and
human constitutions, and I will not now vote
to take out of our navy-yards the very work
we promised our laboring men should be per-
formed under that system, and put it in private
yards, where contractors by the ten-hour sys-
tem can make a profit out of that which we
said should prove of service to our own
laborers.
Mr. MAYNARD. Willthegentleman allow
me to ask a question in regard to a matter
which I do not understand has been fully
brought out in this discussion ? Some years
ago, perhaps twenty, we built several ships ; the
Merrimac was one, and there were others the
uames of which I do not now recollect. They
were all of the same general class of vessels,
and I believe were accounted by the Navy
Department to be vessels of a very superior
class of ships for that time. Can the gentle-
man inform the House whether they were built
by the Government or under contract in pri-
vate yards? I really do not know.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I cannot give the gentle-
man any positive information on that point.
The Merrimac, I believe, was built at one of
our yards.
My colleague [Mr. Kelley] says that he is
in favor of building these vessels in both pri-
vate yards and Government yards in order
that we may make the experiment as to the
relative merits of the two systems. Why, Mr.
Speaker, we have made that experiment. We
have been making that experiment ever since
we have had navy-yarda, and it is because
the result of the experiment was in favor of
our doing our own work that we have con-
tinued these yards. I recollect that a year or
two ago we endeavored here to get a little
appropriation of $200,000 for League Island,
and 1 participated to some extent—I forget
how much — in getting that appropriation
through. Some persons thought that my in-
terest in the matter was because League Island
is located in the State of Pennsylvania,
although I live at a distance of four hundred
miles from it. During the next summer after
that appropriation was passed, the express-
man stopped at my door one day, and caine
tugging in with a great box, which, with much
effort, we managed to open. We thought it
might contain torpedoes, or some infernal
machine; so we opened it with great care.
[Laughter.] It turned out, however, to con-
tain a very handsome picture-frame, with a
little piece of paper in the middle containing
a copy of resolutions adopted by the city
councils of Philadelphia expressing their
thanks to my colleagues and all the gentle-
men who participated in procuring that ap-
propriation, including I believe myself; for
there was in the resolutions a name which I
persume, was meant for mine ; it was not my
name precisely, for they did not know my
name correctly. [Laughter.]
Now, I have thought that gentlemen from
Philadelphia who were so anxious to get
through that appropriation of $"200,000 would
be the last to come in here and maintain that
the public yards have proved a failure, and
that now when we have got a very costly
stable the first horse we get must be put out
to board, [Laughter.] We have eight or
nine yards, seven of them in fine condition,
having been put in such condition at great ex-
pense to the Government, and we are begging
to get a little more for League Island, yet my
colleague, [Mr. Kelley,] whose sonorous voice
has advocated that scheme here for many
years, demands that now the first vessels we
have to build Bhall be built outside of the Gov-
ern ment yards by some expert who knows how
to build vessels.
Mr. KELLEY.. If my colleague proposes
that any one of these ships shall be built in
the navy-yard at League Island, the youngest
man in this House will have long been buried,
I fear, before the work would be begun.
Mr. DAWES. Why, what is the matter
with League Island ? [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. There is nothing the mat-
ter with League Island ; but Congress refuses
to make appropriations for its equipment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If League Island has
such advocates as my colleague, not only he
but his children will be buried before the
navy-yard there will be completed; for he
comes here one year saying that a navy-yard
there is absolutely necessary and we must
have a large appropriation for that purpose,
and the next year he comes and says: " This
yard is good for nothing when we get it; and
the Government should build itsships at some
private jerd under the direction of men who
know how to build ships, and let the Govern-
ment yards be kept up as a kind of ornament
to the country.''
Mr. KELLEY. I have said no such thing,
and my colleague shall not put it in my mouth.
League Island is not only the best site in this
country for a navy-yard, but the best in the
world; and so have certified naval officers
from foreign lands. But until it shall have
been prepared and provided with machinery
by aid of congressional appropriations, it can-
not be used. Philadelphia gave League Island
to the Government upon the condition that
the present contracted yard at Philadelphia,
which embarrasses its local business, should
be sold and the money applied in equipping
League Island.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The question is, whether
the Government should build its vessels in
private yards or Government yards.
Mr. KELLEY. The question is, whether a
great work like this shall be postponed to the
next generation in order that a tardy Con-
gress may complete this part of the contract
with Philadelphia and make a great naval
station at League Island.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker. I took the
floor for the purpose of addressing a few earn-
est words of appeal to my Democratic friends
on this floor whom I have assumed to be
opposed to the bill altogether, but upon whose
judgment I thought we could rely to help us
in resisting the- amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale.] My
colleague, [Mr. Dickey,] who I do not see
in his seat at present, showed me awhile
an amendment which he said he was going io
offer, and which contained a pretty good argu-
ment. It proposed that one of these vessel
should be built in the private yard in the dis-
trict of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Halb;] that another should be built in the
public yard at Kittery, in the district of tho
other gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale;]
that at Boston one should be built in a privaie
yard and one in a public yard, because one
member from there has a private yard in his
district and another has a public yard. And
to suit my colleague [Mr. Kelley] we should
have one of these vessels put on the stocks at
League Island, and another in the navy-yard
at Philadelphia ; and to suit my other col-
league, who has a private yard in his district,
we should have one built at. that private yard.
[Laughter.] My friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Dickey] has gone out, and we have lost
all the witty argument embraced in his amend-
ment.
Mr. POTTER. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Yes, sir.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man has urged this bill on the ground of' th e
necessity for vessels of high speed. Now, I
beg to inquire if he knows of a single instance
of any armed vessel of high speed having ever
been constructed in any navy-yard of the Gov-
ernment, and if so, what vessel that was.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I made no such argu-
ment. I have not said anything about speed.
Somebody else discussed speed. I have not
said anything at all about that subject; but I
have no doubt the navy-yard will construct
vessels of just as great speed as any private
yard. I know they will for this reason : every-
body who says we should have them built by
contract admits they should be built according
to the plans and specifications made at our
navy-yards.
My friend from New York made a speech a
little while ago in which he began by saying
that he did not know on which side he was,
and after listening to all he had to say I came
to the conclusion when he had done that he
did not know on which side of the question
he was, and for the best of reasons, that he
had not examined the subject.
I will yield now for five minutes to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. PLATT. Let me answer the question
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Potter.]
in regard to one vessel. He asked the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs to
name one vessel ever built by the Navy De-
partment at any of the public navy-yards which
attained a great rate of speed. 1 will make
mention of one vessel only which now occurs
to me, and that is the Wampanoag, built in
the New York yard, which has attained aspeed
of sixteen knots an hour.
A Member. Seventeen.
Mr. PLATT. I am told as high as seven-
teen knots; a greater speed than was ever
attained by any vessel of a similar size and
construction built by any private party in the
United States.
