1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1017
our conviction that the results will justify the wis-
dom and patriotism of such a policy. This conven-
tion is composed of delegates representing nearly
every State and some of the Territories of tb e Union,
and the present communication to Congress ex-
presses its unanimous judgment of the work herein
set forth.
By order of the congress:
HORATIO SEYMOUR, President.
E. C. WINES, Secretary.
Baltimore, January 21,1873.
The committee appointed to bring this matter
to the notice of Congress is composed of the follow-
ing gentlemen : Hon. Horatio Seymour, of Hew
Yoik, chairman ; Hon. Itichard Vaux, of Pennsyl-
vania; General J. L. Miner, of Missouri; General
B. B. Lggleston, of Mississippi; Hon. C. J. "Walker,
of Michigan ; Governor F. Smith, of New Hamp-
shire: Hon. Edward Earle, of Massachusetts; Hon.
JJ. K. White, of Kentucky; Hon. Isaac D. Jones,
of Maryland; Murray Shipley, esq., of Ohio; Pro-
fessor W. J?. Phelps, of Minnesota ; Rev. H. W. Bel-
lows, I). D., of New York; and Dr. E. C. Wines, of
New York.
Summary of a discussion on international peni-
tentiary statistics, had in the prison reform congress
of ijondon, 1872:
Mr. Beltrani-Scalia, of Italy, said that it was
needless to show the utility of penitentiary statis-
tics, whioh alone oould iurnish legislators with the
elements necessary for a reform of the penal system,
and which, moreover, would furnish judges with
valuable hints iu the application of punishments.
He thought that an international commission ought
to be appointed, comprising representatives of the
different countries, which would lay down the basis
of international prison statistics, leaving each Gov-
ernment free to determine the form and time of the
official publications which it considered useful. The
statistical congress at the Hague, in 1870, had ex-
pressed a wish that the tables bo prepared, not only
in the language of the country, but also in French.
He regarded the suggestion as a good one.
Count Sollohub, of Russia, considered the sugges-
tion of Mr. Beltrnni-Sealia, with regard to an inter-
national commission, not only wise But feasible. He
felt sure no country would refuse to cooperate.
Dr. Frey, of Austria, thought that a comparison
between crime and criminal administration in dif-
ferent countries would be attended with some diffi-
culty, though hehoped not insuperable. A different
pcrccntage, under different systems, might be due to
nationality, not to system. Thus, if the question
arose how many persons suffered from lunacy under
isolated and how many under congregate imprison-
ment, the percentage of lunacy in the whole country
should be considered. So with regard to the rate of
mortality in prisons.
Dr. Guillaume, of Switzerland, urged the import-
ance of criminal statistics as a guide to prison re-
forms ; minute information concerning the criminal
should be obtained, so that the springs of crime
might be ascertained and dried up.
Professor Leon Levi, of England, proposed that an
international commission be appointed by this Con-
gress to lay down the principles and prepare the
formulas fora yearly statistical report on crime and
prison discipline. Uniformity in the nomenclature
of crane is indispensable in order to ascertain its
increase or decrease. What was murder in one
count-j- was not murder in another. A system should
be devised that would guard against ambiguity in
this and other respects.
To carry out the main idea embodied in the fore-
going discussion, as well as for other work connected
with penitentiary reform, apermanentinternational
commission was cieated by the congress of London,
consisting of the following gentlemen; Dr. Wines,
of the United States, president; Signor Beltrani-
Scalia, o 1 Italy, secretary; M. Loyson, of France;
iiaron Franz Vou Holtzendorff. of Germany; Count
W. Sollohub, of Russia; G. W. Hastings, esq., of
England; M. Stevens, of Belgium ; Dr. Frey, of
Austria: Mr. M. S. Pols, of Netherlands; and Dr.
Guillaume, of Switzerland. ,
S. B. The above committee is to hold its first meet-
ing at Brussels, Belgium, in September, 1873.
great kanawha and new rivers.
Mr. HEREFORD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3732) making
appropriationsforthe Great Kanawha and New
rivers, in the Stale of West Virginia ; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
bridge across st lotus river.
Mr. RUSK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. II. No. 3733) to authorize the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company to bridge
the St. Louis liver; which was read a first,
and second time, ordered to be printed ana
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
geological survey op territories.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the acting
Secretary of the [nterior, in relation to an
appropriation required for the continuation
of the geological survey of the Territories of
the United States, under the direction of his
Department; which was ordered to be printed
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
washington arsenal grounds.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the taking
down and removing the material of the old
penitentiary, situated on the Washington ar-
senal ground; which was ordered tobeprinted
and referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
montana indian war claims.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to Montana
Indian war claims; which was ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
bear creek, lake ontario.
The SPEAKE.R also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution of
the House of Representatives of January 23,
1873, in relation to a survey of the harbor of
Bear Creek, Lake Ontario; which was ordered
to be printed, and referred-to the Committee
on Commerce.
freight on stores via isthmus, etc.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution
of the House of Representatives of January
18, 1873, in relation to the amount paid on
materials, stores, &e., shipped via the Isthmus
of Panama and Cape Horn, for the fiscal years
ending June 30, 1870, and June 30, 1871;
which was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
clerks in state department.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of State, in answer to a resolution of
the House of Representatives of January 18,
1873, in relation to the appointment of clerks
in his department during the year 1872; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
select Committee on the Reorganization of the
Civil Service.
freedmen's hospital.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution of
the House of Representatives of January 24,
1873, in relation to the condition of the freed-
men's hospital in the District of Columbia;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WOOD. I move that this communica-
tion be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, which is now considering the subject
to which it relates.
The motion was agreed to.
colorado of tiie west.
The SPEAKER a'so, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Smithsonian Institution, transmit-
ting, in compliance with law, the report of the
survey of the Colorado of the West., and its trib-
utaries; which was ordered to bepiinted, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
consular agent.
The SPEAKER, also by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House the toi lowing mes-
sage from the President of the United States:
Tn the Senate mid House of Rep/ csaitativcs :
In compliance with section two (2) of the act ap-
proved July 11, 1570, entitled "An act making ap-
piopriations lor the consular and diplomatic expen-
ses of the Government for the 5ear ending June 311,
1S71 and for other purposes," I have the honor to
submit herewith a letter of the Secretary of the
1 leasary relative to the consular agent appointed
under authority of said act, together with the
amounts paid said agent, and to transmit the report
or the said agent upon the consular service of the
united States.
XI. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, January 31,1873.
The message, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
sam del stott.
Mr. CHIPMAN asked and obtained unan-
imous consent to have withdrawn from the
files of the House the papers in the case of
Samuel Stott.
leave op absence.
Mr. Davis was granted leave of absence
for two days from and including to-morrow.
Mr. Snapp was granted leave of absence
for two weeks.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution of the
following title; in which the concurrence of
the House was requested:
Joint resolution (S. No. 12)' extending the
time for the presentation and selection of
models for a statue of the late Admiral Far-
ragut.
steam vessels oi' war.
The SPEAKER announced the appoint-
ment of Mr. Scofield, Mr. Hale, and Mr.
Randall as the conferees on the part of the
House upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 3010) to author-
ize the construction of six steam vessels of
war, and for other purposes.
private calendar.
Mr. COBURN. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Finkeln-
burg iu the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the Private Calendar.
george s. fisher,
The first bill on the Private Calendar was a
bill (H. R. No. 2106) to reimburse George S.
Fisher for losses sustained by the burning of
the consulate building of the United States at
Kanagawa, Japan, November 26, 1866.
Mr. L. MYERS. I propose in a few min-
utes to ask the House to substitute for this
bill a Senate bill on the same subject. After
a brief explanation which I wish to submit,
there will be, I think, no necessity for the
reading of the report, though there is a very
| full one accompanying the House bill unani-
mously reported from the Committee 011 For-
eign Affairs. The Senate bill appropriates a
much smaller sum.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. jL. Myeiis] asks unani-
mous consent that Senate bill No, 885 upon
the same subject be substituted for the pend-
ing bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I object.
Mr. L. MYERS. When thegentleman shall
! have heard my statement, I think he will not
object. This bill is to reimburse George S.
Fisher, who in 1866 was our consul at Kana-
gawa, Japan, for losses sustained by him in
consequence of the burning of the consular
building in November 25, of that year. By
that fire, Mr. Fisher lost not only all his per-
sonal effects and those of his family, but also
a valuable library, many volumes of which
were really necessary to the proper discharge
of the judicial functions with which our con-
suls in those oriental countries are invested.
This bill authorizes the Secretary of State to
audit these losses, among which is the loss of
$1,380, the equivalent in Mexican dollars for
notes which Mr, Fisher had received only a
