1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
Mr. POTTER. I3 that the only instance
the gentleman knows of?
Mr. PLATT. It is the only iustance which
occurs to my mind at the present time.
Mr. POTTER. Let me ask the gentleman
from Virginia whether the engiues of the Wam-
panoag were not built outside of the Govern-
ment navy-yards?
Mr. PLA 1' 1\ The engines of all these ves-
sels must necessarily be built outside of the
Government yards. No matter what may be
the disposition of the House, whether all or
only part of these vessels shall be constructed
111 the Government navy-yards, the machiuery
will have to be built under contract by outside
parties.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to ask the gentle-
mau from Virgiuia a question.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have yielded the floor
to the gentlemau from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
for eight minutes.
Mr. KELLEY. Have you enough room in
that vessel for fuel and for rations for the offi-
cers and crew for a trip to Cuba?
Mr. PLATT. She will carry fuel enough to
be used wheuever there is any necessity for
attaining this high rate of speed ; and she will
go very well under sail when there is no neces-
sity for securing a high rate of speed.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman is mistaken.
The Wampauoag is a total failure. She can-
not take on board fuel enough for a voyage to
Caba and return.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I wish to call the attention of the House to
two 01* three collateral questions. I shall not
discuss the main point, whether we need ten
or any other number of new ships. I assume
gentlemen who have looked into that have
made up their mind. I have not any doubt
tor my own part that our Navy needs restora-
tion. But I wish to call the attention of the
House to two or three questions of method as
to how to do it. There are two great ques-
tions being discussed by all maritime nations
in regard to vessels, and we ought never to put
anotner vessel upon the stocks until those
questions have been carefully and thoroughly
canvassed, and by the most competent author-
ity. First, there has been a contest going on
for the last ten years to see whether a large
target or heavier projectiles could be made—-
to see which should conquer, the plating of a
vessel or the power of penetration of a project-
ile. At last it is announced within the last
two months that projectiles have conquered,
and there is no longer any use of armor-plat-
ing a vessel. That may be true, oritmay not
be true, but it is so alleged, and some of the
highest authorities of the world are now say-
ing that for the purpose of defense in battle
you might as well build your ships with paste-
board as with any armor yet made. Now, if
that be true, we ought to know it from the
highest and best source, that we may determ-
ine whether we shall build any more iron-
clad vessels or not.
And a second thing we ought to know from
some proper and competent authority, whether
we snail build great, huge ships of war, or
whether we shall put our money in a larger
number of small, strong, swift-sailing vessels.
The latter seems to me the ground we ought
to take. Of course, the commander of a ship
likes to command a huge floating palace. But,
as regards the police service of the sea, which,
God giant, may be the only use of our Navy
in our life time, small, swift-sailing ships do
that work better and far more economically
than the larger sized vessels.
On both these general questions there ought
to be the best and amplest opportunity afforded
for investigation by a competent board, and
the result of the investigation put into the
form of estimates, before we proceed to build
these ships.
[Mr. Negley made a remark which was
not aadible at the reporters' desk.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I know a good
deal of it has been done; and I know that
1 the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Negley] looks to a broader,
completer investigation. But I see lying here
before me a bill which has no limitation what-
ever, except as to the number of vessels. I
have been indicating some of the things which
the Secretary ought to send in along with his
reports to Congress
Now, supposing that these things are done—
and I presume the amendments offered to the
bill will provide for them—there is one other
thing to which I wish to call attention. I think
my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield,]
the chairman of the Naval Committee, will
agree with me that one of the most brilliant
debates to which he and I ever listened in
Congress was that in which the late Henry
Winter Davis discussed the question of naval
construction, with a breadth of knowledge and
an eloquence which few men have ever
equaled in this Hall. The great trouble then
was this, that Congress, in the hurry of the
war, gave a general order to construct right
and left iron-clads, gunboats, all sorts of ves-
sels, without limitation. And by and by, when
the long detail of bills came in, Congress was
astounded. Charges of fraud came in on all
hands. Even during last session of Congress
we had some of the long results of the legisla-
tion made more than twelve years ago. Now
we are proposing to enter on the work of new
naval construction, and now is the time for
this House to act thoughtfully and wisely and
prudently. It is for that reason that 1 ask the
House to adopt this amendment, that all the
estimates should be made upon detailed plans,
that the total result should be sent in with the
estimates when the appropriations are asked
for, and then Congress can act with its eyes
wide opeu, imposing all the necessary limita-
tions on the work, whether it is done by public
or by private yards, the vessels being built
according to the estimates and the conditions
laid down in the estimates. I therefore ask
the House to insert in the bill these words:
Provided, That no contract or order for construc-
tion shall be made until full detailed estimates have
been submitted to Congress, and appropriation made
therefor.
Now, if that is done, I do not care how soon
the estimates are ready. If the Navy Depart-
ment have them here in two weeks, so much
the better. But let us know what number of
vessels they ask us to authorize them to build,
and the character and size of those vessels, so
that Congress shall not be taken by surprise,
but that we may understand the whole thing,
that the whole country may understand it, and
that we may be saved the pain, mortification,
and disgrace of investigating committees eight
or ten years hence to clear up this business,
which, instead of doing loosely, we should now
do thoroughly and well.
I am in favor of the bill, if we may have
these cautionary limitations put upon it. I
believe the chairman of the committee is
willing to accept this amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I intend myself to vote
for the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Ohio. But still I consider it no better
than so much blank paper. The Department
cannot go on and make contracts without
money to do it with. But I intend to vote for
it at all events, and I will say also that I
intend to vote for the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] as proposed to be amended by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Platt.] The
amendment offered by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cox,] to reduce thenumber of ves-
sels from ten to six, I will not vote for. It is
so short that every one can understand it. I
hope the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Hale] will be voted down;
but before we take the vote on that, I suppose
the amendment offered to it by my colleague
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] will be
voted on. 1 think it ought to be adopted, for
the reason that unless we adept it as an amend-
ment to the amendment ot' the gentlemau from
Maine we cannot have a vote upon him. I
think, therefore, that the friends of the bill
ought to vote for that amendment, and then
vote down the amendment of the gentleman
from Maine as amended.
I yield now for tive minutes to the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sargent.]
Mr. SARGENT. The bill reported by the
Committee on Naval Affairs appropriates
§3,000,000 for the purpose of the construction
of these vessels. I believe I am not mistaken
in supposing that that feature is in the bill.
Mr. HALE. To be hereafter appropriated.
Mr. SARGENT. The bill reads: "andthat
$3,000,000 be appropriated for that purpose
out of any money in the Treasury hereafter to
be appropriated." This phrase is used be-
cause if the appropriation was direct this bill
would go on the Calendar of the Committee
of the Whole and miojht never be resurrected.
But the $3,000,000 named . > a measure for the
subsequent work of the Appropriation Com-
mittee, and would sanction appropriation as
soon as this bill became a uw.
The amendment offered by the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Gar-
field] is simply to postpone any act toward
refurnishing the Navy for another year; be-
cause it is impossible that the plans and de-
tailed estimates such as are called for by his
amendment can be made by the Navy Depart-
ment until after the close of the present session
of Congress ; consequently this whole matter
of refurnishing the N avy with vessels adapted
to its present needs, which gentlemen on all
sides of me admit to be necessary, goes over
for another year. That amendment strikes at
the vitality of the bill, and I must conclude
that my colleague on the Committee on Appro-
priations in offering that amendment does
i not desire that any appropriations shall be
made for the increase of the Navy this year.
He gives the reasons for delay. He says that
for ten years past acontroversy has been going
on as to whether a target has more resisting
power than a projectile has penetrating power,
and he would not have another dollar expended
even in the building of a small cruiser until
that question is settled, eveu though it take an
indefinite period to settle that great problem
in engineering science. When will that ques-
tion be settled ? Will it be next year, or the
next ten or one hundred years?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think myself
that it is settled already.
Mr. SARGENT. Then there is no force in
the objection of the gentleman, and especially
is there no force in it when the proposition is
not to build iron clad vessels, but such vessels
as are described in the language of the Secre-
tary of the Navy which I will read:
" It would be the wisest economy at once to afford
the means and the authority to build a number of
small, active cruisers, of livo-oak or of iron, which,
adapted to the duties and the means of our Navy in
time of peace, and luted with the more modern and
economical machinery which has succeeded that in
use at the commencement of the decade, could be
maintained and employed with more effect, and for
some years, with comparatively little expense for
repairs."
This being the class of vessels which it is
proposed to build, the conundrum of my friend
has no application at all. And you will never
build these vessels if you wait for the settle-
ment of that other question which he pro-
pounds ; if you wait until you can convince the
judgment or move the inclination of every-
body so that they can see and will admit that
huge ships are better than small ones, or that
small ships are better than huge ones. Both
are good iu their place. What we need for the
Navy just now, I think, and so does the Sec-
retary, is small, active ships. But if it is
thought that we need any huge ships, we can
repair some of those we have, or atour leisure
