o4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
and convenience we can build new ones. Bat
this bill and the Secretary's report now deals
only with small ships, of comparative small
cost, inexpensive iu repairs, to be propelled
with speed by the new compound engines, and
lie maintained at sea and on foreign stations
at light cost. Our Navy is perishing out of
existence. The partial and inexpensive remedy
here proposed should be adopted, not next or
some future year, not when doctors or legisla-
tors agree ou all contested points, but now,
at this session. Pass this bill as reported by
the CommitteeonNaval Affairs, and theappro-
priation can be made at this session. It' we
wait for detailed estimates and plans we lose a
year of exigent time.
Now, one further remark with reference to
where these ships should be built. I believe
it is a fact that there is a slightly higher cost
attending work done in our navy-yards. One
half of the cost of building a vessel of war is
iu the labor. By decreasing the hours of
labor per day twenty per cent., of course we
have ten per cent, increase in the cost of
building a vessel; but we not only have better
:\nd more thorough work and a more careful
selection of materials, but we also have our
navy-yards, already fitted up, kept in a state
of efficiency, which can only be done by having
t,ue Government work done in them.
We have seven of them, too many, I think,
;>mi 1 believe we could reduce the number
with economy and advantage. But we have
them now, and, like tools, they should be kept
''right by use, so that in great times of need, in
case of war, when called upon we could have
some means in our hands to give efficiency to
the defensive force of the country. 1 will not
by my vote do the injury to the country of
leaving its navy-yards unemployed while con-
tractors are constructing naval vessels. There
is a pressure felt here from contractors to put
this work in their hands. I prefer to give to our
own establishments the benefit of the experi-
ence and efficiency to be derived from such
work. Wheu I change my mind on that sub-
ject I will vote to abolish all our navy-yards,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I believe I have five
minutes of my time remaining.
L'he SPEAKER. Not quite.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Well, whatever time I
have remaining I desire to divide exactly
between the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
ijyjKj and the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
^hklluiakgek] and I will thank the Speaker
iij .jo careful and so divide the remainder of
my lime. I now yield to the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Vir. BECK, of Kentucky. I rise for the
puipose of calling attention to the statement
trade by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Lsach,] contradicting what I and others had
said about want of information in regard to
the ships that have been sold by the Secretary
of the Navy. lie admitted the tact that the
Secretary of the Navy in his communication,
Executive Document No. 2-50, made at the
second session of the Forty Second Congress,
nad failed to inform us who bought those
ships, the prices paid for them, &c. The
gentleman however said, as I understood him,
that Executive Document No. 182, of second
session Fortieth Congress, contained all that
information. I have sent for that document,
and 1 find that it fails to give the information
that, we now want and that we ought to have,
either the prices paid for them when built or
purchased, the time when they were built, or
the names of the persons by whom they were
puictiased. it does not give any fuller inform-
ation than the other document, except that it
ves the u-imes of the vessels, and the sales of
each separately.
.Mr. LYNCH. If the gentleman will permit
ni" to interrupt him, I will remind him that I
called his atteution to another document which
fall information in regard to the time
when the vessels were built. It does not give
the names of the parties to whom they were
sold, but it gives the time when, the place
where, and the prices of the vessels sold.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. The last com-
munication of the Secretary of the Navy gave
that also ; but it gives neither the cost of the
vessels nor the person by whom bought. The
document in my hand applies to but few of
them.
Mr. LYNCH. To every one of them.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I beg the gen-
tleman's pardon ; it does not. I have sent
for the document which he tried to make this
House believe contains all the information,
but it does not give it.
Mr. LYNCH. It gives the names of the
parties by whom they were purchased.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. But not the cost
of the vessels.
Mr. LYNCH. If the gentleman will allow
me; at the time the record was obtained, and
which was published in the report of the Com-
mittee on the Decline of American Commerce,
all the facts of which the gentleman speaks
were brought to the notice of the committee.
It was not included in their report because
it was in a document previously published,
but all the information is at the Navy Depart-
ment.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. And that is
what I have wanted, and we cannot get it.
Mr. LYNCH. It is only what we already
have ; the name of the party to whom sold,
and the name of the vessel, is here.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. The name of
the vessels, but nothing else.
Mr. LYNCH. And the price.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Not the price
the Government paid.
Mr. LYNCH. The price for which sold.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Oh, yes.
Mr. LYNCH. The price which the Gov-
ernment paid for the vessels is not here.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. No; but this
fact does appear: it is admitted that all the
vessels built since 1861 are worthless. And
of those worthless vessels, one hundred and
twenty-four were built iu private yards, and
four hundred and ninety-seven were purchased
by the Government that had been built in pri-
vate yards. So that there is not a good ship
now remaining of those that were built in any
private yard, so far as we have any informa-
tion ; which shows that private yards are worth-
less, so far as the character of the ships is
concerned.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield the remainder of
my time to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Shellabarger.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I d«sired the
floor originally for the purpose merely of put-
ting a question to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Scofield.] That
question which I believe he has privately
answered, is whether upon any of the pending
propositions we can vote to authorize the con-
struction of vessels carrying a smaller num-
ber of guns than six. He informs me that
there is no such proposition pending. This I
deepiy regret; and I wish to state why. A
statement has come to me this morning from
the Secretary of the Treasury—and I wish to
attract to it the attention of the House and
the country—that during this Administration
(if I remember rightly his statement) there has
not been a single case iu which the Navy of the
United States has been at all effective in
enforcing our neutrality laws; that iu every
such service it has been necessary to resort to
our revenue-cutters—very small vessels.
Now, with all due deference to the better
judgment of the committee and of everybody
else—for I have no doubt everybody else knows
more about this question than I do—I fear we
are going to commit the mistake of providing
for the construction of a number of vessels of
too great size to permit that speed which is
essential to this naval police service which we
now need, and which has during the last four
years been performed wholly by our revenue
cutters. A ship carrying even six guns is, a;
I understand, too large for that service, i f I
am mistaken upon this point I shall be glad.
I wish we could allow to the Secretary of tlie
Navy the discretion to build vessels carrying
a smaller number of guns. I hope that may
yet be done. This is all I wanted to say.
Mr. DICKEY. How many vessels have we
on the lakes which are worth nothing to us ot-
to anybody else?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The time allowed for
debate having expired, the House will proceed
to vote. The first, question is upon the motion
of the gentlemau from New York, [Mr. Cox,]
to amend the amendment of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Hale.] The latter amend-
ment proposes that not less than five of these
vessels shall be constructed in private yards.
The gentleman from New Yoik moves to
reduce the number to three, so as to confor n
to an amendment which he proposes in the
body of the bill.
The question being taken on agreeing to Mr.
Cox's amendment to the amendment of Mr.
Hale, there were—ayes 83, noes 54.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think it would be bet-
ter if, before deciding upon this amendment,
we could have a vote on the amendment to
the body of the bill striking out "ten" u..d
inserting "six."
Mr. COX. I insist upon having the ques-
tion taken in the ordinary method. I think
it is a more rational mode of proceeding th;ui
the other.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has put the
amendment as it naturally comes up in the
order of time. Lest members should misun-
derstand, the Chair will state that the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Cox] moved to
strike out in line four of the bill the wo:d
"ten" before " steam vessels of war," and !o
insert " six," so as to provide for six ste'im
vessels of War. He also proposed to make a
corresponding reduction in the number of ves-
sels to be built in private yards, so as to keep
the proportion one half.
Mr. COX. That is it.
Mr. LYNCH. I do not understand that we
are voting upon both propositions.
The SPEAKER. Not at all. The House
is now voting upon the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York to the amendment of
the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the vote should first
be taken on the amendment to the body of the
bill, and that amendment reducing the numlxr
of vessels from ten to six should be adopted,
then of course everybody in favor of such an
amendment would vote to reduce from five to
three the number to be built at private yards,
because the design is that one half shall be
built at private yards and one half at Govern-
ment yards.
Mr. HALE. The mode in which we are
now proceeding seems certainly to be a more
logical mode of voting.
The SPEAKER. Either way the question
is entirely under the control of the House.
Mr. COX. Either vote will be a test voto
on the amendment to the body of the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As the question
is now presented, a great many members have
voted to strike out "five" and insert " three,"
because they want to reduce the number to be
built at private yards.
Mr. SARGENT. That is it exactly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is the
significance of the vote just taken.
Mr. COX. I prefer that we should go on
in the regular method. If we do not, we are
sure to get confused.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] was the
