1978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marelr 1,
shall be Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives hereafter, and does not affect the
Speaker of this House, but leaves him upon
the same plane with the Vice President and
Cabinet officers upon the salary as before
adjusted.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hopes the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will not object.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw the objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will interline
that amendment in the bill by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, (after a pause.) I
object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's objec-
tion comes too late. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move the
rules be suspended on this bill so as to pass
all the amendments except that known as the
Morrill amendment and that known as the
Pacific railroad amendment.
Mr. HOLM AN. I ask the gentleman also
to except the fifty-ninth and ninety-fourth
amendments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order. I understand, although I did not
hear in the confusion the word of the Speaker,
that my objection was decided by him to have
been made too late.
The SPEAKER. That was the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I objected before he
announced there was unanimous consent. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
tirsi objected.
The SPEAKER. But afterward with-
drew it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. • I did net hear him
withdraw his objection, but I objected before
I heard the Speaker announce there was unan-
imous consent. I was in time, and I insist on
my objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemen from Illi-
nois will observe, the amendment the Chair
asked to have made by unanimous consent
affects no human being on this earth but him-
self.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannothelp that;
it affects the bill.
A Member. What is the reason, for the
amendment?
The SPEAKER. If this bill goes through,
the Speaker will have received • $1,600 per
annum more than this gives a member.
Mr. BIGGS. You deserve it. [Great laugh-
ter.] , . ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to be
understood. It was the distinct understand-
ing there should be an equalization and adjust-
ment of salaries of the Vice President, of the
Speaker of the House of Representatives, and
of members of the Cabinet. They were placed
on exactly the same basis and at the^ same
sum. The gentleman will observe this bill
places the Speaker of the House in an attitude
of delicacy in which it does not place any
other member.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not see it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks so, de-
cidedly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not.
The SPEAKER. Unless the gentleman
appeals from the decision of the Chair, the
Chair will treat the objection as having come
too late. „ T , ,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order. I am aware the Speaker has the
power to overrule the point oi order.
Mr. SARGENT. Does the gentleman appeal.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to a question oi
order. I make the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was adopted,
which the Speaker cannot make.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move
to reconsider, one motion to reconsider having
already been made.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: I demand the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is the motion of the gentleman that
the rules be suspended, and the recommenda-
tion of the Committee of the Whole be agreed
to in gross, with the exception of the Pacific
railroad and the Morrill amendments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Illinois appeals from the decision of the Chair
in stating that the objection he made came too
late.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to lay that ap-
peal on the table.
The motion was agreed to, without division.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that the amend-
ment be read as it has been amended by the
Chair. .
The SPEAKER. The Chair will read it
himself and not put that doty on the Clerk.
This portion of the amendment was originally
in this form—" and the Speaker of the House
of Representatives shall receive compensation
at the rate of $10,000 per annum, and Sen-
ators," &c. The Chair put in the word " here-
after so that it now reads "the Speaker of
the House of Representatives shall hereafter
receive," &c. That is all the Chair inserted;
and now the amendment as it stands affects
only whoever may be Speaker of the next
House and the Speakers of all subsequent
Houses.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. At the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from_ Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] I make an exception of two other
amendments ; so that my motion now is that
the rules be so suspended that the report of
the Committee of the Whole on all the amend-
ments be now concurred in, except the fifty-
ninth, relating to the branch mint at Charlotte;
the ninetieth, known as the Morrill amend-
ment ;.the ninety-third, referring to the Union
Pacific railroad; and the last one, relating to
the salaries of the assistant secretaries of
State. On these four amendments the gentle-
man desire to have separate votes. On all the
others, including, as 1 understand, th&t relating
to the compensation of .the employfis of the
House as included in the first amendment, I
ask that the rules be suspended and the amend-
ments passed.
Mr. FAllNSWORTH. I move to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. GARFIELD,of Ohio. Before the gentle-
man makes that motion I desire to say further,
that there appears to have been a misunder-
standing as to one of the amendments moved
in Committee of the Whole, the amend-
ment relating to the clerks, doorkeepers, and
other employes of the House, I understood
that in Committee of the Whole that amend-
ment was voted on, not all at once, but by de-
tachments ; first, on a motion by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] second on
a motion by some gentleman adding another
portion, and finally on a motion by myself from
the Committee on Appropriations last evening
completing the amendment in the form in which
it now stands on the Clerk's desk. .1 under-
stand that the whole amendment thus made
up was put m by the Committee of the Whole
and was reported to the House. Since we
have got into the House a question has been
raised as to that, and it is considered by some
gentlemen that the amendment was not put in.
My understanding was that it was adopted;
and the question having been put directly to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,J
who occupied the chair, I understood him to
say that he regarded it as adopted.
The SPEAKER. If a separate vote be not
demanded, that amendment will be considered
as concurred in.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must insist that we never
had a final vote upon it in Committee of the
Whole. ,,
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman to waive that point.
Mr. HOLMAN. What I desire to have set-
tled is, whether it was acted on by the Com*
rtKttee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the
Committee of the Whole says that it was.
Mr. HOLMAN. Was it adopted as part
of the first amendment of the Senate?
Mr. DAWES. I will state the facts in re-
gard to it if the House will give me its atten-
tion. There was some confusion last night——
The SPEAKER. There i's still confusion,
which seems to have come over from last night.
[Laughter.] The House will come to order.
Mr. DAWES. I was saying that there was
some confusion last night, and I think I can
point out just where the trouble lay. I sup-
posed last night, and so stated to the com-
mittee, that but one more vote was necessary
to complete the concurrence of the House in
the Senate amendments with the amendments
which had been adopted. I fell into that
error through the fact that after the vote was
taken there was unanimous consent given to
the Committee on Appropriations to keep that
question open for the purpose of considering
whether it was not necessary, that haying been
adopted, to add something else to it. They
came in last night, and in pursuance of that
unanimous consent offered an amendment
which was adopted.
This led me to rule last night at first that
the first vote had not been completed. But
upon the statement of the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Tyner,] who had occupied the
chair in the Committee of the Whole, that it
had been completed", but that unanimous con-
sent had been given that the Committee on
Appropriations might offer an additional
amendment, the position of the matter became
clear. The amendment of my colleague [Mr.
Butler] in reference to the salaries >of the
President, the members of Congress,' &c.,
which he offered as a substitute for the Senate
amendment, was first adopted. Then he pro-
posed to add to that what had been stricken
out from the Senate amendment, and that was
adopted. Then, on the motion of some other
gentleman, something else was added; and
then the final vote on that was taken.
Then the Committee on Appropriations were
authorized to keep it open for the purpose of
bringing in something else. They brought in
something else, which was added last night to
the amendment. That is the way I under-
stand it.
Mr. RANDALL. The amendment now m
dispute was originally offered by me in the
House, and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and they modified it, and
then last evening in Committee of the Whole
it was ingraf.ed on the bill, as I understand
it. I watched the matter pretty closely, for I
was interested in it because great injustice had
been done to a number of the officers of the
House. I never dreamed for one instant that
it had not been adopted.
Mr. DAWES. I think that there can be no
mistake about the fact that these amendments
were all adopted.
Mr. HALE. There can be no doubt about it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that no separate vote was asked upon this
amendment. -
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not so understand it.
The SPEAKER. Then there are five
amendments upon which separate votes are
demanded.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I move
that with the exception of those amendments
the action of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the amendments of
the Senate be concurred in.
The question was taken; and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and the motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
1 Senate had agreed to tie report of the com?
