1020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
mitted was sufficient, then the claim may be
regardedas appertaining to his estate, and the
widow may draw the accrued pension, as if
the certificate of pension had been previously
issued.
Now, in this case it appears that this soldier
did not present his claim to the Government;
for reasons which were satisfactory to him-
Belf he never made any application. Since
the foundation of the Government no law regu-
lating pensions has recognized aay such thing
as accrued pension where no application had
previously been filed, or the case had not beeu
previously adjudicated. I want to say further
that there is now pending before this House a
bill already adopted by the Senate establishing
the principle that in no case whatever shall ac-
crued pension go to any heirs of a pensioner un-
less they are in destitute circumstances, or unless
it be to pay for the maintenance of a pensioner
during the time he was lingering with disease,
or to defray the expenses of his decent burial.
In my view it is not at all in accordance with
the spirit of the pension laws that a gratuity
intended for the relief of a soldier in the time
of his want should accrue to his relatives or
survivors unless they are in destitute circum-
stances and dependent upon such pension for
support. I am not in favor of extending to
any old claim thai may come here a liberality
that this House does not adopt toward the
soldiers of the war for the suppression of the
rebellion or the soldiers of the Mexican war
or the war of 1812.
Mr. FRYE. As I understand this claim, it
is one entirely without foundation in law. It
is pimply an appeal to this House to grant
$24,000 and interest, as a matter of mcrcy,
of kiudness._ The interest proposed to be paid
in this case is for a period of many years. Let
me say that six hundred and fifty-three claims
were examined by the Committee of Claims
at the last session of Congress; and twelve
hundred and eighteen are now before the same
committee ; yet, in not one single instance,
however powerful the claim, however well
based as a matter of law, has the committee
dared to propose to this House the allowance
of interest. There was the claim of Mrs.
Admiral Moore—a claim abundantly sup-
ported by law—a case where the Government
itself admitted its indebtedness to the admiral
for his services ; where the amount of indebt-
edness had been fixed, and the money had
lam in the Treasury of the United States year
alter year. Airs. Moore came to Congress
asking that the interest should be paid ; but
the hotiaio and the House concurred in saying,
" Not one dollar of interest can we consent to
pay. 1 Jhus Mrs. Moore in her old age was sent
home with this claim disallowed. There has
been case after case in which precisely the
same position has been taken. We had before
us the other day a case of a bill which we
passed over the President's veto. In that
case the United States had taken the money
of a loyal citizen, put it into the Treasury, and
kept it there for ten years; yet when the case
was presented to the House and the facts
clearly made out, this House did not consent
to pay interest. The committee declined to
pay interesr, as it has in every single instance.
Adopt this principle of' paying interest in
equity cases, and I tell you the claims before
our committee to-day would amount to more
than $100,000 in interest alone.
Again, sir, there are hundreds of claims
Jymg before that, committee crying out for
payment, appealing earnestly to the members
of the committee, appealing earnestly to mem-
bers of the House—claims where your Gov-
ernment in time of war deliberately, ex neces-
sitate, violated the solemn contracts it had
entered into, and the claimants now come here
Congress after Congress beseeching you, when
they had been ruined by no fault of theirs but
by the fault of the Government of the United
States alone, to settle their claims; and Con-
gress after Congress goes by, and you do not
do it. There are ship-builders here to-day who
have been here for five years, Congress after
Congress; men who were ruined by a patriotic
desire to do what the Government asked them
to do in the last war and not by a desire of
profit—ruined men from the day they entered
into the contracts until now; and here they
are waiting to day. And now there is before
Congress an old claim going back to 1783, a
claim which the man himself, and I honor
him and glorify him for it—a claim which he
never presented, aud as the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has well said,
which he intended undoubtedly to leave as a
heirloom, a glorious one, to his children; a
claim which now fifty years after the old
patriot has been in his grave these heirs, who
did no service, to whom the Government owes
not one dollar aud not one cent, come here
with it to Congress; and this committee re-
ports in favor of paying them $24,000 and
interest up to date.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. The
sum of $24,810 includes the interest.
Mr. FRYE. The committee reports the
claim which the old gentleman never made, a
claim which is barred by the law, and by his
own act too, knowingly and purposely with-
held by him; that committee, I say, presents
that bill and demands pay and interest. I say
to this committee for them to look at this
claim, when they have passed by thousands
and tens of thousands knocking at their doors,
where the men to-day are in penury and want
from services in that war which saved the life
of this Republic, is wrong. I do think we
ought to be acting upon those just claims
iustead of enacting a law here making a pres-
ent to the heirs of a gentleman who himself
made it a present, to his own glory, to the Gov-
ernment of his own country.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I wish to ask
by unanimous consent that the debate on this
bill be limited to five minute speeches.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Say
ten-minute speeches.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Oh, no; five
minutes are enough.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill. I do not suppose
we will pass any bill of this character.
Air. BLAIR, of Michigan. Is it the under-
standing the speeches shall be limited to five
mitiutes?
Mi\ JV1AYNAIID. What will be the effect
of striking out the enacting clause? Will it
take us into the House at once?
I he CHAIRMAN. It will result in adverse
action to this bill. It will not prevent to con-
sideration of any other case.
Mr. SARGENT. The motion is not debat-
able.
The committee accordingly divided; and
there were—ayes 81, noes 36.
So the motion was agreed to.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House with an amendment to strike out the
enacting clause.
BLACK BEAVEK.
The next bill on the Private Calendar was
a bill (H. R. No. 3371) for the relief of Black
Beaver.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
ptoper accounting officer of the Treasury be
authorized and directed to pay to Black Beaver,
a Delaware Indian, on delivery of a receipt in
full by him, the sum of $5,000, in payment for
services rendered and for losses sustained by
Win in consequence of his serving as guide to
United States troops commanded by Major
(now General) Emory, from the Indian coun-
try to Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, at the break-
ing out of the rebellion in 1861.
Air. DONNAN. Mr. Chairman, the claim-
ant in this case is an old Delaware Indian, who
commanded a company of Delawares and
k r/10®8 mUnited States Army during
the Mexican war. Since then, as he states by
affidavit, he has been during the greater por-
tion of the time in the employment, of the Gov-
ernment as a scout and guide.
At the time of the breaking out of the war
of the rebellion Major Emory's command was
in the Indian territory near where Black Bea-
ver resided, and his services as guide were
asked. He had amassed quite a handsome
property there, and he was satisfied that if he
left with the United States forces his entire
property would be destroyed. Major Emory
urged him to accompany him and his com-
mand, and finally entered into a contract with
Black Beaver that the Government would re-
imburse him for the losses he might sustain.
He then accompanied the United States
troops, rendering, as General Emory testifies,
invaluable services, aud succeeded in con-
ducting them safely to Leavenworth. His
claim for property lost and destroyed by
the rebels amounts to betwaen twenty and
twenty-five thousand dollars, which he proves
up item by item, and which is certified to by
two United States Army officers acquainted
with the facts. The question occurred to the
committee whether we can fulfill any such
contract as that entered into by General Em-
ory. In the opinion of the committee it would
not be safe to do anything of the kind. We
therefore report that the Government cannot
pay the claimant in accordance with that con-
tract. But General Emory states that $5,000
was far below the value of his services alone.
And the Secretary of War has recommended,
not only the payment of what his services were
actually worth, but also of what Congress
might be satisfied should be paid him on
account of his patriotic conduct.
The Committee on Military Affairs unani-
mously refused to pay anything on account
of the property destroyed by the rebels, but
agreed that the claimant should be paid the
amount recommended by General Emory. I
move that the bill be laid aside to be reported
favorably to the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill be again
reported.
The bill was again read.
_ Mr. DONNAN. The committee have put
into the bill the words "in payment for ser-'
vices rendered and for losses sustained by
him, so that if this is accepted by the claim-
ant he will have no further claim hereafter.
Air. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Will the
gentleman state for how long a time the claim-
ant was employed?
Mi'. DONNAN. I do not know the precise
length of time. I think for less than two
years.
jLhe motion of Mr. Donnan was agreed to;
and the bill was laid aside to be reported to
the House.
COLONEL JAMBS F. JAQUES.
Tue,wnXtJ)iI! on the Pr!7ate Calendar was
J 59) auth°rizing the Secretary
ot the 1 reasury to settle and pay the accounts
ol Colonel James P. Jaques.
. was read. Itauthorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Colonel
James i. Jaques, out of any money in the
treasury not otherwise appropriated, such
sum as the President of the United States
may direct, not exceeding $6,719, for services
performed and money expended by said Jaques
during the recent rebellion, under the direc-
£r.eSdent Abraham Lincoln,
fi. CHAIRMAN. The bill is reported by
the Committee on Military Affairs, with an
amendment, which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Amend by adding to the bill these words :
fW°V1r su™ 80 P®'1* shall be in full patis-
faction for said services and expenditures.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose there is a report
accompanying the bill. I reserve the right to
object until I hear it read.
.IRMAN- The Chair is informed
that the bill is accompanied by a report fihin<*
sixty or seventy printed pages. Does thl
