1980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. An as-
sayer and a melter and refiner.
Mr. HOLMAN. Just those? No superin-
tendent ? I presume that if the gentleman will
putin proper form what he proposes, there will
be no objection to it. At least I have none.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The change
must be made to make the provision conform
to the law.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I pro-
pose to amend the amendment of the Senate
so as to read as follows:
United States assay office at Charlotte, North
Carolina:
For salaries of assayer, $1,500; of melter and
refiner, $1,200.
Wages of fireman, laborer, man of all work, 8292.
Contingent expenses: charcoal, fuel, lights,acids,
fluxes, crucibles, freights, postage, books, stationery,
miscellaneous items, repairs of assaying depart-
ment, and incidental expenses, 81,500.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the appropriation
remain the same?
Mr. SHOBER. Precisely the same. The
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts is only designed to make the appropriation
conform to the law.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
amendment suggested by the gentleman from
Massachusetts will be adopted.
The SPEAKER. It will if there be no
objection.
Mr. BURCHARD. We do not understand
the purport of the amendment. Will the
Speaker state it ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not un-
derstand it. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The
amendment I propose provides merely for an
assay office, instead of a branch mint. The
law of February 12, 1873, provides for an assay
office at that place.
There being no objection, the amendment
of Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts, to the amend-
ment of the Senate was agreed to; and the
amendment as amended was concurred in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to re-
consider the various votes upon the amend-
ments to this bill, and also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move
that we ask a conference with the Senate upon
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill be laid
on the table, and on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurring on agreeing to the
motion of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, for the ap-
pointment of a committee of conference upon
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, it was
agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the resolution of the House
for the suspension of the sixteenth and seven-
teenth joint rules of the two Houses during the
remainder of the session.
republic of spain.
Mr. BANKS. By the unanimous vote of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, I have been
directed to report the following resolution, to
which I think there will be no objection :
Resolved bythe Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That in the name and on behalf of the American
people, the congratulations of Congress are hereby
tendered to the people of Spain upon their recent
efforts to consolidate the principles of universal
liberty in a republican form of government.
And be it further resolved. That the President of
the United States be, and hereby is, requested to
transmit this resolution to the American mimster
at Madrid, with instructions to present it to the
Spanish Government.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPORTS AND INTERNAL TAXES.
Mr. COX. I now rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. BEATTY. Will the gentleman yield to
me to present a resolution ?
Mr. COX. I must decline. I wish to bring
to the attention of the House the legitimate
business of the session.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] has the floor upon a priv-
ileged motion; but after it is submitted, any
gentleman who has charge of an appropriation
bill will be recognized, if he desires to move to
suspend the rules.
Mr. COX. I call up the motion made by
me yesterday to reconsider the vote by which
the House passed the bill (H. R. No. 4057)
to amend an act entitled "An act to reduce
duties on imports and to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes," approved June 6,
1872, and for other purposes.
I have made a motion to reconsider a bill
which was not really considered. It was
neither read nor printed. I did it only for one
purpose. I did not intend to obstruct the
passage of the bill, but to strike out the first
section. It lays a tariff of thirty-five oents
on macaroni and vermicelli. There are a
few people interested in their manufacture
in this country. Those articles are now on the
free list. We put them on that list last year.
We all know what they are, a sort of dough or
paste made out of wheat flour into tubes and
ribbons. They are best and most cheaply
made in Italy, owing to the peculiar way the
Italians have of manufacturing that article.
The Mediterranean grain, owing to its greater
amount of gluten, is bestadapted to this man-
ufacture.
On behalf of my constituents who are con-
sumers of this article, and who have invested
their money in the importing of this article, I
ask a fair showing. Men have arranged pres-
ent and future business on the basis of the free
list for macaroni. Any duty placed on the
article now will cause loss. I think it just to
allow them to have as fair a show on their in-
vestment as the only company in New York
which undertakes to manufacture this article.
This bill is gotten up as I understand in the
interest of one factory because the owner of
that factory misread our law. He did not
know the intelligence of the House wotild
place vermicelli and macaroni on the free list
in the last Congress and he made some invest-
ment in that matter. I am truly sorry for his
misadventure, but cannot legislate upon it. I
do not make the question of free trade and
cheap commodities—not now; it will come.
The Ways and Means never heed such points.
I make the mere mercenary point on a more
matter of investment. I have as much right
to demand when my constituents have placed
their money in the business of importing these
articles that they shall be fairly heard as those
who place their money in the manufacture of
the imported article. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Shanks] disturbs me to say that
we ought to prosecute anybody who makes the
article. [Laughter.] He evidently does not
like it. Now I would like to tell the gentle-
man why the article he dislikes is so unpleas-
ant and unhealthy. If it were properly made,
and out of good wheat, it would be different.
Mr. ELDREDGB. 1 rise to a point of
order; we cannot hear the gentleman from
New York.
The SPEAKER. Neither can the Chair.
Mr. ELDREDGE. But that does not help
me.
Mr. COX. I went on the other side of the
House to be heard. I sympathize so much
with the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] who had the chair last night that I
almost lost my own voice. I want the House
to understand this. I do not object to the bill
going to the Senate properly amended.
Mr. HALE. Then let it go.
Mr. COX. I will if you will strike out the
first section.
Mr. HALE. I will vote for that.
Mr. COX. How do I know you will get a
majority for it ?
Mr. HALE. The only way is to try and see.
Mr. COX. Then I move to strike out the
first section ; and it is understood if they do
not strike it out, I shall have the floor to finish
my speech.
Mr. DAWES. I propose to ask to be heard
on this question. I propose to submit to the
House whether they will reconsider the vote
at all or not. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
says the bill was not read. It so happens this
section was read, but the gentleman did not
happen to be in at the time. I will state what
there is of it. Macaroni and vermicelli was
imported at a duty of thirty-five per cent, until
the last session, when they were put upon the
free list in an amendment put on in the Senate
on a motion of the Finance Committee. It
now appears they did so under misapprehen-
sion of the facts, not knowing there was any
manufacture of macaroni and vermicelli in
this country. It turns out, however, that
macaroni, which is all made of wheat flour,
and has been made within ten years in Italy
out of foreign wheat and imported into this
country in that shape—it turns out, I say, that
within the last ten years four or five manufac-
tories of macaroni and vermicelli have been
established and the wheat of this country is
now being manufactured into macaroni and
vermicelli and disposed of in our market.
This was not known to the Finance Committee
of the Senate at the time these articles were
put upon the free list, so that foreign wheat
manufactured in Italy into macaroni and
vermicelli is brought here in competition
with the American manufacture of macaroni
and vermicelli from American wheat. That
is all there is of it. I now yield to my col-
league on the committee, [Mr. Burchard.]
Mr. COX. I have not yielded the floor.
Mr. BURCHARD. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to say in behalf of the Committee of Ways and
Means that in the revision of the tariff during
the last session of Congress the proposition
was not made by that committee, or any mem-
ber of that committee, to change the then
existing tariff on macaroni and vermicelli.
The duty at that time was thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem.
In the previous fiscal year there had been
imported over $80,000 worth of those articles
aud $28,000 revenue collected from them. We
proposed in the bill reported last session to
the House to leave the duty just as it was
because we believed it to be a proper article
upon which revenue might be collected. But
having been amended on the recommendation
of the Finance Committee of the Senate, or
of a conference committee, the bill when it
became a law put this article on the free list.
This bill proposes a modification of certain
details of administration in the revenue laws.
Believing the public interests require its pass-
age the committee agreed to an amendment
of the tariff in the same bill so far as to restore
the former duty upon macaroni and vermicelli
of thirty-five per cent, ad valorem. We there-
fore agreed unanimously to report the bill
before the House. 1 would not favor legisla-
tion simply to change the duty on these items.
As other sections of the bill contain important
provisions, I am willing this correction should
be made. It is claimed to have been an inad-
vertence and caused great hardship. It ex-
presses the judgment of the Committee of
Ways and Means a year ago, and I shall not
object to the proposed rate and hope the bill
will pass immediately.
