1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
the counties of Wayne, Henry, Hancock, Marion,
Hendricks. Putnam, Parke, and Vermilion ; and
whereas the public interests do not require a new
district in this State, as the amount of business is
not greater than ean readily be disposed of by the
present judicial force, and tho multiplication of
districts greatly increases the expenses of the Cten-
cral Government and the burdens of the public: and
whereas the proposed new district, so tar as the
great body of people within its limits is concerned,
will occasion groat inconvenience by compelling
parties, witnesses, jurors, and counsel to travel a
much greater distance than now, by a circuitous
route, and at greatly increased expense: There-
fore,
H, it resolved bi/ the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the Genera/ Assembly <1/ the State of Indiana,
l'hat our Senators be instructed, and our Represent-
atives in Congress be requested, to oppose the pas-
■MKe of any such bill.
2. That the Governor be requested to cause copies
of this joint resolution to be certified to the said
Senators and Representatives.
W. K. EDWARDS.
Speaker of the H>use of Representatives.
GEO. W. FRIEDLEY,
President of the Senate.
Approved:
CONRAD BAKER, Governor.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and printed. ,
The motion was agreed to. '
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented a petition
of Rev. A. A. Miner, persident, Rev. William
M. Thayer, secretary, H. D. Cushing, esq.,
Rev. Edwin Thompson, and other officers of
the Massachusetts State Temperance Alliance,
praying for the prohibition of the manufac-
ture, importation, and sale of all intoxicating
liquors to be used as a beverage in the Terri-
tories of the United States and in the District
of Columbia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. LOGAN presented the petition of
Colonel Ezra Taylor praying for back pension; \
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions. j
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Illinois, praying the passage of the bill for the
payment of the French spoliation claims;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MACHEN presented a petition of mer-
chants of Kentucky, praying for the removal
of taxes on State and national banking institu-
tions ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Mary Jane Stewart, daughter of John A. Stew-
art, praying to be'indemnified for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the year
1801; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. VICKERS presented a petition of
Henrietta Troup and others, heirs of Henry
Troup and Henry Nicols, deceased, praying
compensation for spoliations committed upon
American commerce by the French prior to
the year 1801; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. SCOTT presented the memorial of the
American Medical Association, asking the
appointment by Congress of a commission of
scientific men to determine what portion, if
any, of the public domain of the United States
will produce cinchona, and which may be set
apart for the purpose ; which was referred to
the Committee on Agriculture.
He also presented the petition of Charles
J. Davis, administrator, &c., of Captain John
Davis, an officer of the army of the Revolution,
praying payment of the half-pay due Captain
Davis for services rendered by him during the
revolutionary war; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN. I present the memorial of
Captain George H. Preble, of the United
States Navy, who asks that the President may
be authorized by law to restore him to the
rank and position which he considers his faith-
ful and efficient war services entitle him to. I
present the petition and the accompanying
papers in the case, with the request that they
be referred tothe Committee on Naval Affairs,
and 1 desire to take this occasion to say that
it is a case which I have very carefully exam-
ined, and through misapprehension, through
neglect, or for some other cause which I do
not undertake to characterize precisely, as
fully explained by the evidence herewith sub-
mitted, I am very clearly of the opinion that
this officer has been very harshly and very
improperly dealt by, and I ask the Committee
011 Naval Affairs to give an early and careful
consideration to the subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The me-
morial will be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have also been intrusted
with a memorial numerously signed by men
employed as laborers cutting granite for the
United States, in which they set forth, sub-
stantially, that they were employed by the
Government when the laws of the country
defined and regulated the number of hours
which they should labor daily, that number
being eight; that they have labored ten hours,
that the Government has paid its laborers in
other places for the difference of time which
they have labored, and these memorialists ask
that the same rule shall apply to them that
has been applied to the other laborers of the
country. I move the reference of the memo-
rial to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
a large number of citizens of Newport, Rhode
Island, in which they set forth the outrages to
which colored citizens are exposed from the
denial of equal rights. They argue that since
slavery has been abolished those outrages
which were the incidents of slavery should
cease. As a bill to secure the equal rights of
colored persons is now on the Calendar, I move
that this petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also present a petition
of citizens of Dutchess county, New York;
also, another petition from citizens of Seneca
county, New York, asking for the prohibition
of the manufacture, importation, and sale of
intoxicating liquors to be used as a beverage
in the Territories of the United States and the
District of Columbia. I do not know to which
committee these petitions should go.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have sent some to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says he has
moved the reference of some to the Commit-
tee on Finance. Then I will ask that these
petitions take the same destination.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They will
be so referred.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Eliza Frothingham Noyes, grand daughter and
sole heir of Benjamin Frothingham deceased,
of Newburyport, Massachusetts, praying in-
demnity for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the year 1801; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented the
petition of Frederick F. Callender, of Bridge-
port, Fairfield county, Connecticut, praying
for an increase of pension ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented a petition of
the National Prohibition Association of the
State of Delaware, praying for the prohibi-
tion of the manufacture, importation, and sale
j of all intoxicating liquors to be used as a bev-
erage in the Territories of the United States
and in the District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a
memorial of the stockholders of the National
I Bank of Lyons, Michigan, praying that the
name of that bank be changed to Second
National Bank of Ionia, and that the bank be
removed to the valley of Ionia; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
2993) for the relief of the sufferers by fire
in Boston ; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
bills introduced.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. l'20o) creating a commission to adjust
the compensation of the several claimants
for damages and for depredations by rebel
cruisers, to be discharged out of the indem-
nity fund awarded by the tribunal of arbitra-
tion at Geneva to be paid by Great Britain to
the United States; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. MORTON. I had some doubt as tothe
committee to which this bill should be referred,
but I will move its reference to the Committee
on the Judiciary, as 1 think that is the most
appropriate committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER (by request) asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1204) to provide for the
removal of suits from the State courts to the
circuit courts of the United States in certain
cases: which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1205) to repeal an act
therein named ; which was read twice by its
title. ♦
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. In moving the
reference of this bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary, I should like to call the attention
of the chairman of that committee to it for one
moment. It is a bill to repeal the act of July
i 2, 1802, prescribing what is known as the iron-
clad oath. By the legislation of 1868 and 1870
the persons to whom that oath was originally
intended to be administered are now exouer-
i ated from taking it, and those elected or ap-
1 pointed to civil office who have been in sympa-
thy with the rebellion now take another oath,
while those appointed to civil office who never
were in sympathy with the rebellion are still
required to take what is called the iron-clad
oath. It will be remembered that when the
President returned his approval of the act of
1870 he stated that he approved the act re-
luctantly because of this discrimination which
! was made by its provisions, he preferring an
entire repeal of the act of 1862 to such a dis-
crimination as is now made by allowing it to
remain. I move the reference of the bill to
1 the Committee on the Judiciary, and also that
it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1206) for the erection of a public
building for the use of the United States in
Covington, Kentucky; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1207) to replace national bank notes with
United States notes ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THURMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1208) for the relief of Rear Admiral
Henry Walke ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1209) for the relief of Donald McKay ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 1210) for the relief of Nathaniel
