1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1981
Mr. DAWES. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. COX. I do not yield the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. DAWES. _ When the Chair was about
to put the question I asked to be heard and
obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct
in that statement. He has a right to move to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. DAWES. I make that motion.
Mr. COX. I wish to submit to the House
two or three considerations in regard to this
matter. First, it costs as much to collect this
tax on macaroni as its whole revenue amounts
to. The next point is that the Committee of
Ways and Means have heard this matter on
one side ; and that the other side is entitled to
a hearing. This bill has been reported on et
parte statements, not an importer or consumer
being aware that an attempt was to have been
made to alter the present status of those ar-
ticles. A third point is that if we commence
to deal with the tariff now at the end of the
session, it is not fair to consumers or import-
ers. Belying on the fact that Congress had
so recently placed them on the free list and
■with a full dependence that they would re-
main so, large contracts were made which will
entail heavy losses. As it takes some time to
manufacture the goods properly, large par-
cels are either now on the way or being
shipped.
The protection sought to be obtained by
a few manufacturers is against the interests of
the public generally; for the reason that the
macaroni manufactured in this country is in-
ferior to that imported and detrimental to the
general health, the former being generally
made from inferior flour, while the latter is
the product of farina made from Mediterra-
nean wheat specially adapted to it and well
known for its beneficial qualities. It may be
added that from the comparative cheapness of
flour American manufacturers are at no other
disadvantage against the importer but that
caused by natural obstacles, to wit, the infe-
riority of the flour, the inadaptability of our
water and the regularity of the climate—dis-
advantages which no amount of protection
can compensate. This fact has been fully
established during a long period of protection
enjoyed by manufacturers in this country who
have never yet succeeded in spite of high
tariff to place before the American public
an article satisfactory to any but the most
indifferent purchasers.
Since the removal of the duties the best
imported macaroni and vermicelli (from the
great deduction of price) have been placed
within the reach of onr poorer classes, who
are daily becoming greater consumers of the
article. Should this additional duty be placed
on the goods they will again, from the advanced
price, be compelled to use inferior goods at no
benefit to the revenues of the country (the
amounts collected hardly paying for the cost
of collection) but to the great benefit of an
irresponsible class of manufacturers consist-
ing entirely of Italians who pursue the manu-
facture for a brief time, and like the Chinese
in California and the Lucchesi in Corsica,
then return with their gains to spend them in
their native country. There are other reasons
why action on this bill should be suspended at
least until a hearing can be given to both
sides ; but I hope, sir, the above will suffice to
show that I have good ground for my motion.
I am sorry that my friend from Indiana
[Mr. Kerr] and his colleagues on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have not the
courage to stand up for their old liberal ideas.
They have not done justice in this matter. I
will have something more to say of this.
Whoever has had his mouth burnt with ver-
micelli soup, whoever goes to a tavern or
lunch-house, understands that macaroni and
vermicelli have become common articles ot
consumption all through the country. And I
want to say to my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Shanks] that when they make macaroni soup
in this country they make it so poor as to be
unhealthy. In Italy it is otherwise. The
wheat there is washed five times in mountain
streams, is freed from husks, ground and sifted
five times. It is then kneaded by peculiar
processes. We can no more make it here
than we can reproduce the Italian sky or the
Neapolitan bay. I see some gentlemen on
this floor who look as if they had been in the
habit of eating the native article, the gentle-
man from Indiana, for instance. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHANKS. I have the greatest dislike
to it in the world. It is a hash I am not fond
of; and if it has had anything to do with pro-
ducing my lank appearance I will certainly
have no more of it. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I want to read an extract on
this subject from the Encyclopedia.
Mr. DAWES. Oh, let the Encyclopedia
alone to-day.
Mr. DICKEY. Put it in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
that, strictly speaking, the rule would allow no
time for discussion on this question, as the
action which it is proposed to reconsider was
done under the previous question.
Mr. COX. I want to say one thing more,
and then I will quit. There is nothing in this
bill but a little petty job 
Mr. DAWES. There is no such thing.
Mr. COX. At the expense of the large
body of the people of this country, thirty-five
per cent, being put on to increase the price
of the article to the consumer, in the interest
of somebody, and to the injury of the people
and the importers. There! now you have the
facts. Vote it! You have the principle in
this matter. Vote it down !
The question being put on the motion of
Mr. Dawes, to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider, there were—ayes 73, noes 32; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Dawes and Mr.
Cox.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 94, noes 28.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. DICKEY. I ask unanimous consent
that the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 3850) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1874, be non-concurred in, and that
a committee of conference be asked on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to that.
Mr. DICKEY. Then I move to suspend
the rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that we shall at
least have a separate vote on the proposition
to vote $270,000 for the Northern Pacific
Railroad Company.
Mr. SARGENT. You cannot express your
opposition to that amendment more strongly
than by voting to non-concur.
Mr. COBURN. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to one or two of these
amendments.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] objecting, it can only
be done under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. DICKEY. I insist, on my motion that
the rules be suspended, and that all the amend-
ments of the Senate be non-concurred in.
Mr. COBURN. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. PERCE. I object to debate.
Mr. RANDALL. We want to know what
the amendments are.
Mr. COBURN. There is one amendment
which proposes to expend $270,000 or some-
thing like it on the Northern Pacific railroad
for the establishment of two posts for the pro-
tection of the operations there.
Now, there is very much more involved in
that proposition than would occur to most men
who read it. It means nothing more nor less
than an Indian war. The Secretary of War
and the General of the Army report that it
would require a force of two thousand soldiers
for the work of protection.
Mr. DICKEY. I have moved to non-con-
cur in the amendment.
Mr. COBDRN. But I want the attention
of the House called to this matter. Let us
not be in haste before we conclude to have a
great Indian war or great danger of one
brought upon us. _ This project which requires
two forts to be built upon the line of this road
looks in that direction. I want the House
and the country to understand it. I want it
publicly known that the proposition is to prob-
ably bring on an Indian war for a corporation.
Mr. HOLMAN. These forts are for the
benefit of the road and for no other purpose.
enrolled bills.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same :
An act (H. R. No. 2399) granting pensions
to Ada H. McDonald ;
An act (H. R. No. 3783) for the relief of
Captain Charles McClure;
An act (H. R. No. 4054) relating to the
fractional parts of a barrel containing fer-
mented liquors;
An act (H. R. No. 3730) to remove the
political disabilities of Daniel C. Dejarnette,
of Virginia;
An act (H. R. No. 2659) for the relief of
Amherst H. Wilder;
An act (H. R. No. 1907) to make San Diego,
in the State of California, a port of entry ;
An act (H. R. No. 2747) providing for the
completion of the military road from Santa
F6 to Taos, in the Territory of New Mexico;
An act (H. R. No. 2902) for the relief of
the estates of Abel Gilbert and William Ger-
rish, late copartners in business under the
style of Gilbert & Gerrish ;
An act (H. R. No. 3877) for the relief of
Anna E. Peale;
An act (H. R. No. 3166) for the relief of
William Bayne, trustee, &c.;
An act (H. R. No. 1068) granting a pension
to Martha B. Williams;
An act (H. R. No. 2553) granting a pension
to John Condlin ; and
An act (H. R. No. 3878) for the relief of
Mrs. Louisa Eldis.
army appropriation bill.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion of Mr. Dickey, that the rules be sus-
pended, and the amendments of the Senate to
the Army appropriation bill be now concurred
in, and a conference asked on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dickey and
Mr. Cobtjrn were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes one hundred and four, noes not counted.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and Mr. Dickey's motion
was agreed to.
agricultural colleges.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the rules be so sus-
pended as to agree to the request of the Senate
for a committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the amendment
of the House to the bill of the Senate No.
699, to provide for the further endowment and
support of colleges for the benefit of agricul-
ture and the mechanic arts, and the liberal and
practical education of the industrial classes in
the several pursuits and professions in life, as
established under act of Congress approved
July 2,1862.
Mr, KILLINGER. I call for the yeas and
nays, so that we may kill this bill now.
