1982
THE COJSTGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1
The yeas and nays were ordered, there
being thirty-sis in the affirmative—one fifth of
the last vote.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas83, nays 87, not voting 70 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bamum. Erasmus W. Beck, James
B. Beck, Bigby, Biggs. Austin Blair, Boarman,
Braxton, Roderick K. Butler, Caldwell, Cobb,
Comingo, Cotton, Critoher, Dickey, Dox, PuBose.
Duke, Bunnell, Earaes, Elliott, My, Wilder D
Poster, Frye, Garfield, Garrett, Giddings, Handley.
Harmpr, Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris,
Joseph K. Hawley, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Kel-
logg, King. Lamport, Leaoh. Lynch, Maclntyre,
Maynard, McCrary, McGrew, McIIenry, McJun-
km, McKee, Mitchell, Morey, Leonard Myers,
Packard, Hosea W. Parker, Perce. Piatt, Poland,
Price, Kamey, Sion H. Rogers, Rusk, Sawyer,
feecley, Sheldon, Shober, Sloss, Snyder, Stark-
weather. Storm, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John.Swann,
Terry, Washington Townsend, Turner. Voorhees,
W.a?d e]1'J?,aideniWallace- Wells, Willard, Jere-
Jfe Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Young—83.
t> ,AX^"~rIessrl:. Acker' Adams. Ambler, Arthur,
Bell, Bingham, Bird, James G. Blair. Bolos, Buck-
.y*\ Button, Bunnell, Burchard, Burdett, Camp-
bell, Carroll, Clarke, Coburn, Conger, Cox, Crebs,
Darrall, Davis, Dodds, Donnan, Duell, Eldredgo,
Farnsworth, Finkelnburg. Getz, Goodrioh, Griffith,
Hancock, Havens, John 15. Hawloy, 11 ay. Hays,
m board, Hoar, Holman, Kerr, ICillinger, Kinsella,
Lamison, Lansing, Lowe, Marshall, McClelland.
MoCorinick, MoKinney, Merriam, Merrick. Benja-
min F. Meyers. Monroe, Morphis, William E. Nib-
lack, Perry, Read, Edward x. Rice. Ellis H. Rob-
erts, William R.Roberts, Robinson,John Rogers,
Roosevelt, Sargent, Sherwood, Shoemaker, Slater,
feiocum, H. Boardman Smith.Worthington C. Smith,
Snapp, Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Dwight Townsend,
luthill, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Waldron, War-
ren, Wheeler, Whitthorne, Williams of Indiana,
Winchester, and Wood—87.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Averill,
Bank^, Barber. Barry, Bcatly, Bright, Brooks,
Benjamin E. Butler, CogliKn, Conner, Creely,
Crocker, Crossland, Dawes, Esty, Earwell, Forker,
Charles Foster, Henry D. roster, Golladay, Halde-
miin, Hale, llulsey, Hamblcton, llanks, Gerry W.
Hazelton. Hereford, Herndon, Hooper, Houghton,
Relley, Kendall, Ketcham, Lewis, Hanson, Mc-
Neoly, Mooro, Morgan, Negley, Silas L. Niblack,
Orr, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pen-
dleton, Peters, Porter, Potter, Prindle, Randall,
John M. Rice, Ritchie, Scofleld, Sessions, Shanks,
Shellabarger, John A. Smith, Stevenson, Suther-
land, Sypher, Taife, Thomas, Twichell, Van Trump,
Vaughan, Whiteley, and Williams of New York—70.
So the motion to suspend the rules was not
agreed to, two thirds not voting in the affirm-
ative.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move
that the rules be suspended and the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union upon House bill No.
4051, making appropriations to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes. Fend
ing that motion I move that when the Com-
mittee of the Whole shall proceed to the con-
sideration of that bill all general debate thereon
shall be limited to five minutes.
The motion to limit general debate was
agreed to.
The motion to suspend the rules and resolve
the House into Committee of the Whole was
agreed to.
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of House bill No.
<1051, making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all general debate on this bill will be limited
to five minutes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that the
first and formal reading of the bill be dispensed
with.
The CHAIRMAN. That requires unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN and others objected.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill
at length.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before the
Clerk proceeds to read the bill by paragraphs
for amendment, 1 wish the attention of the
Committee of the Whole for a few minutes.
This is the only general appropriation bill not
yet acted upon by the House. I have gone
over as carefully as I can the condition of the
appropriation bills. In my opinion unless we
can get all the appropriation bills in to confer-
ence by Monday morniug, it will hardly be
possible to finish them all before final adjourn-
ment. I wish to ask the House to sit now
until five o'clock, and then take a recess till
eight o'clock, and sit from that time until we
shall have finished this bill, and have got two
other bills into conference. If we can do that
I think we can finish all the appropriation
bills.
Mr. SARGENT. The sundry civil bill is
yet to come back from the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes, and that
must also go to a conference.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I hope the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] will give
us some explanation of these deficiencis, espe-
cially more than $2,800,000 for the Army,
and over half a million for the Indian Bureau.
Mr.. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If gentlemen
will send to the document-room for Executive
Document No. 88 of this session, they will find
the estimates on which the greater part of this
bill is based. The amount of money proposed
to be appropriated by it is $8,222,828. Much
the largest item is for the War Department,
the amount being more than $2,000,000—two
and a half millions.
Mr. RANDALL. About $2,838,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
states the amount correctly. Now, if the House
will call to mind a little discussion that occurred
between the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] and myself last year, when we were
acting on the Army bill, it will be remembered
that 1 then said to the House that the Senate
had cut down the appropriations in the Army
bill below the recommendations of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and the House had
cut them down lower even than the Senate. I
then advertised the House that we should re-
quire a deficiency appropriation ; that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was opposed to cut-
ting the appropriations down to that extent, for
they did not wish to lay plainly and consciously
the foundation for a deficiency. I call attention
to this fact to show that this deficiency was
not created because the presidential election
waa pending. It was created because both
Houses cut down the appropriations in the
face of the estimates and m the face of in-
formation from the Committee on Appropria
tions that the result would be a deficiency.
Now, generally a deficiency ought to be
scrutinized in its relation to the law; and all
these deficiencies relating to the Army occur
because, the law requires a certain amount of
expenditure. For instance, we have acertain
number of regiments; they must be paid and
maintained; we have a certain number of
cavalry, artillery, and baggage horses; these
must be fed. The maintaining of the Army
as provided by law is a thing which the ex-
ecutive officers cannot avoid. They are not
authorized to sell off or dispose of property in
the form of animals which they are not able
to feed. We ought either to provide that the
Army should be cut down and the animals sold
or we ought to honor and duly appropriate
enough money to carry out the law as it
stands.
The Committee on Appropriations has
scrutinized all these estimates as carefully as
possible, having held one long night session
besides the regular sessions in the morning.
I wish the House to consider that our time
is short; and while we challenge debate, we
hope it will be as brief and pertinent as pos-
sible, and that there will be as little general
debate as members can make compatibly
with their sense of duty.
The Clerk read as follows :
To pay Theodore W. Diinon, disbursing clerk of
the Department of State, additional compensation
for disbursing moneys appropriated for the build-
ing now be :.g erected for the use of the "War, State,
and Navy Kepartments, $500 per annum from the
commencement of such duties until the 30th of
June. 1874, a sufficient sum is hereby appropriated.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to
amend the paragraph just read by striking
out "Theodore W. Dimon" and inserting
" theso that the clause will read, " to pay
the disbursing clerk," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
to offer the following amendment, to eome in
after the pending paragraph:
For expenses of the mixed commission on Amer-
ican and British claims, including salaries of the
commissioner and agent, and expenses of the de-
fense of the United States against claims presented
before said commission for the fiscal year ending
June SO, 1874, $28,166, to be expended under the di-
soction of the Secretary of State.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COX. We have just adopted an amend-
ment relating to the mixed commission. I hope
i( is not irrelevant for me to ask to print some
remarks on the Mexican commission.
There being no objection, leave to print was
granted. [See Appendix.]
The Clerk read as follows:
Branch mint. Carson city, Nevada:
Eor salary for ooiner for fiscal year 1872, $2,500.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has not explained
how these deficioncies at the mint in Carson
City, Nevada, have occurred. I had supposed
the gentleman from Ohio had favored striking
out that appropriation entirely. In the ab-
sence of explanation I take it, Mr. Chairman,
for granted there was no appropriation made
for the current year, because there was no in-
tention to keep up this mint at Carson City,
Nevada. I therefore move to strike out the
forty-first and forty-second lines.
I wish to say, Mr. Chairman, there has been
a growing impression in«the public mind there
is no public reason for keeping up the mint
at Carson City, Nevada. At one time it was
thought an assay office was sufficient. The
idea of keeping up a mint for the purpose of
coinage at Carson City, Nevada, on the facts
submitted to this House time and again, it
seems to me, is unsupported by any public
reason. I suppose this deficiency is rendered
necessary because appropriations were not
made at the last session of Congress.
Mr. KENDALL. Mr. Chairman, I have
only one word to say in regard to this appro-
priation. I am not a little surprised to hear
my distinguished _ friend from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] say, or intimate, there is no neces-
sity for a mint at Carson City, in my State of
Nevada. What, sir, has been the bullion
product of that State for the last year ? It has
exceeded the enormous amount of $23,000,000.
Does he mean to'say there is no necessity for
a mint in that State with that produSt of bul-
lion?
This deficiency occurs because there was an
inadequate appropriation for this large coinage
of last year; and, sir, I venture to say that
instead of .the bullion production of the State
being $23,000,000 for the coming year it will
reach $35,000,000. Yet the gentleman says
he is in doubt whether there is any necessity
for a mint in that State. He might as well
say there is no necessity for a mint in San
Francisco, or for a mint in Philadelphia.
That great country is fast increasing in its
bullion product, and we have not all the ap-
pliances we ought to have now for the coin-
age of our bullion. I hope the paragraph will
stand.
Mn HOLMAN. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation.
Mr. KENDALL. Instead of being reduced
it ought to be increased.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is a question of sal-
ary, and this is for the salary of the coiner for
the present fiscal year beginning on the 1st
day of last July and terminating on lue 1st
day of June next. I wish to know whether
