1022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
could not obtain otherwise. Not a solitary
dollar of the secret service fund went into Col-
onel Jaques's hands. He did not return to his
command for a very considerable period—until
sometime, perhaps, in November or December
following. For nearly six months he was com-
fletely under the control and advice of the
'resident of the United States, furnishing at a
most critical period .information -that was of
incalculable value to the Government, and
exhibiting such fidelity, perseverance, and
courage as gave liim distinction from one end
of the country to the other, and gained for him
the respect and gratitude of the whole Army
and of all loyal people.
Mr. MOKEY. 1 now ask that the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the bill the following:
Provided, Tbesum so paid shall be in full satisfac-
tion for said services and expenditures.
Mr. MOREY. This bill does not appropri-
ate any specific sum. These accounts are to be
examined by the President of the_ United
States; and Colonel Jaques is to receive such
sum, not exceeding $6,719, as the President
after due examination may adjudge him to have
actually expended in this service. The amount
thus expended is to be in full of all demands
against the United States for this claim.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask to offer
an amendment to strike the word "services"
from the text of the bill. From the state-
ments made here I understand that we are
not paying anything but this man's expenses ;
the report, I believe, contemplates nothing
more than his reimbursement for actual ex-
penditures. Now, if we retain in the bill the
word "services," it implies that this man,
after having been paid for his services as col-
onel in the regular Army, as all other officers
have been paid, is now to receive an addi-
tional allowance for services. I move, there-
fore, to amend by striking out the word " ser-
vices."
Mr. STOUGHTON. I want to say a single
word in answer to the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] The very
question which he now raises came before the
Committee on Military Affairs; and it was
thought best that the word " services" should
remain in the bill so as to cover the whole
question, and that no bill to pay for these
services could hereafter be brought in under
any circumstances. The services rendered by
Colonel Jaques were to a large extent of an
extra hazardous kind ; and although he claims
nothing on thisaccount, the committee thought
it best to retain the word " services " so as to
cover the whole ground and make this bill an
end of the matter. The retention of the word
will certainly do no harm.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My only objec-
tion to retaining the word " services" (and, of
course, if the House thinks the suggestion of
no consequence, I shall not press it) is the
seeming implication that an officer on duty,
and drawing pay according to his rank, may
properly come here and ask Congress to allow
him for his services money in addition to his
regular pay. I do not like such an implica-
tion ; but if gentlemen of the committee think
the retention of the word may save trouble in
the future, I will withdraw my amendment.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs, it was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. MOREY, the bill as
amended was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
cowan and dickinson.
The next bill on the Private Calendar was
the bill (S. No. 96) for the relief of Cowan &
Dickinson, of Nashville, Tennessee.
The bill, which was read, provides' that
there be appropriated from the Treasury the
sum of §64,128, and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is directed to pay that sum to the firm of
Cowan & Dickinson, of Knoxville, Tennessee
in full compensation for two hundred and fifty-
six bales of cotton belonging to them, seized
and taken by order of General Burnside, on
the 17th and 18th days of November, 1868, and
used in the fortifications for the defense of
Knoxville and the army, at the time of the
assault by the forces under General Longstreet,
and the subsequent seizure of that city, and
of which cotton said firm have been wholly
deprived.
Mf. BLAIR, of Michigan. There is an
amendment reported from the Committee on
Claims which I ask to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend the bill by striking out" S64.128," and in-
serting " $44,889 60."
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Mr. Chairman,
I will say simply to the committee in reference
to this bill as follows: it is a Senate bill. Its
object, as stated in the bill, is to pay Cowan &
Dickinson, of Knoxville, Tennessee, for a large
amount of cotton in their warehouse in Knox-
ville at the time of the siege of Knoxville by
General Longstreet, while the city was occupied
by General Burnside with his army. It was
very essential the fortifications should be
completed very quickly. The best possible
material for this purpose undoubtedly was cot-
ton. This large amount of cotton in the ware-
house of Messrs. Cowan & Dickinson was
made use of for that purpose. The certificates
of General Burnside and Major Poe, the chief
engineer, who had charge of the fortifications,
and of other officers concerned there, show
this cotton was all used to the amount of two
hundred and fifty-six bales for the purpose of
making these fortifications; and that it was
exceedingly essential to the defense of Knox-
ville it should be so used. After the cotton
had been used for this purpose, it was taken
out and piled away with the intention of being
taken out and sold; but a considerable portion
of it, the larger port ion, was by accident, while
in possession of the troops, burned up. Some
thirty or fifty bales were sold in a damaged
condition, and that conciued the whole matter.
The principal question which had arisen
with the Committee of Claims was whether
we should pay for this property at all. Look-
ing over the report of the Senate committee,
we came to the conclusion that the Govern-
ment ought to pay for it. We found, among
other things, that Congress had passed bills
heretofore paying for property taken and put
in fortifications for the State of Tennessee; for
lumber and other materials obtained in the
same way in Nashville. It was paid for in a
bill passed in the last Congress for that pur-
pose. We found there were precedents for it.
The justice and equity of it no man could
possibly deny, and the committee came to the
conclusion they ought to agree with the Senate
in the passage of this bill.
The question, then, was how much should
be paid. The Senate allowed for this cotton
at the price of fifty cents per pound. That
was a good deal more than the House had
been in the habit of paying under such cir-
cumstances. It was concluded to reduce the
amount to thirty-five cents per pound, and
the amendment proposed and now before the
committee, reported from the Committee of
Claims, is to reduce the amount of the bill
from $64,128, as allowed in the Senate, to
$44,889 60; which is thirty-five cents per
pound instead of fifty cents.
I will say further, and that is all I desire to
say, that Messrs. Cowan & Dickinson were
gentlemen of fortune, of known and approved
loyalty at that time, before, and since. In-
deed, so far as the question of loyalty is con-,
cerned, no exception could be taken to their
position. It is as good as that anywhere in
East Tennessee, and that is as good as there
is in the Union. I now ask for a vote.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill
as amended was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
montana war claims.
The next business on the Private Calendar
was a joint resolution (H. R. No. 23) to en-
able the Secretary of War to pay the expenses
incurred in suppressing Indian hostilities in
1807.
Mr. HOLMAN moved the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair. Mr. Fisk-
elnburg reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calender had directed
him to report sundry bills without amend-
ment, and other bills with amendments.
george s. fisher.
The first bill reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar was the
bill (H.- R. No. 2106) to reimburse George S.
Fisher for losses sustained by the burning of
the consulate building of the United States at
Kanagawa, Japan, November 26, 1806.
Mr. L. MY'ERS. In accordance with the
arrangement made in the Committee of the
Whole, instead of asking to have that bill
placed on its passage, I ask to have put upon
its passage Senate bill No. 885.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
Senate bill.
The Clerk read Senate bill No. 885, as fol-
lows :
A bill to reimburse George S. Fisher for losses sus-
tained in the building and burning of the consuiate
building of the United States at Kanagawa, Japan,
November 26,1866.
Be it enacted, That tile Secretary of the De-
partment of State be, and is hereby, authorized and
empowered to audit the losses sustained by George
S. Eisher while consul of the United States at Kana-
gawa, Japan, for the destruction of any public
moneys for which he has accounted to the United
States, not exceeding the amount of $1,3S0 in value
of Mexican dollars, lost and destroyed by the burn-
ing of the new consulate building at his poet of
duty by the same fire of November 26,1866.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and
is hereby, authorized to pay the sum so audited by
the Secretary of the Department of State, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
not exceeding the sum stated in section one of this
act, on the warrant of the Secretary of the Depart-
ment of State drawn therefor.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
885) was taken from the Speaker's table, read
three times, and passed.
Mr. L. MYERS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move that the bill
(H. R. No. 2106) be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
erastds s. joslyn.
The next bill reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar was the
bill (EL R. No. 1499) for the relief of Erastus
S. Joslyn, of Washington Territory.
Mr. BURDETT. I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and, under the
operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BURDETT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rtjack beaver.
The next bill reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar was the
bill (EL 11. No. 3371) for the relief of Black
Beaver.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
taken, it was agreed to—ayes 70, noes 52
_ The bill being engrossed, was read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
