58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
McKay; which was read twice by its title, j
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, asked, and by
ir.:i:iiim>us consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1211) to authorize the
rational bank at Lyons, Michigan, to change
its location and name; which was read twice
bv its title, referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1212) to refund to the States the interest
ou money borrowed to equip, pay, supply, and
transport troops for the service of the United
States in the recent war ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
postal service.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the report of the Postmaster Gen-
eral. and so much of the President's message as refers
to the abolition of the franking privilege and to the
matter of the postal telegraph, be referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
publication of list of absentees.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I oflFer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the resolution adopted by the Sen-
ate  n the 4th day of May, 1864, directing the re-
porter to publish in the Globe the names of the
ai-.~or.tecs oi each call of the yeas and nays be. and
the same is hereby, rescinded.'
The object of the resolution is to have the
C":nniif"--e on Printing inquire into the pro-
priety of dimitiishing the bulk and expense of
the Globe a little by leaving out what appears
to me now to be useless information ; but lest
there may be some reason for its being con-
tinued that may appear to the committee, I
move that the resolution be referred to the
C vivn:!tee on Printing for consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
reference of treasury report.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, with the
accompanying documents, be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
rllief of the money market.
Mr. WRIGHT submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be in-
stiucted to inquire what legislation, if any, is neces-
sary to relieve the present stringency in the money
market, the propriety of providing for an additional
is-ui5 of legal-tender notes, and all matters connected
tb.-rewith, and to report by bill or otherwise at as
early a day as practicable.
troops in arkansas.
Mr. RICE. If there are no other reso-
lutions to be presented, I wish to inquire if
the resolution that I offered on the first day
of the session, and which passed over under
objection, is not now in order without a motion
to take it up ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution of the Senator from Arkansas will be
in order at one o'clock, or at the expiration
of the morning business. If there be no
further morning business the Chair will enter-
tain the motion of the Senator from Arkan-
sas. The resolution will come up, of course,
at one o'clock ; but it can be taken up, on
motion, at any time after the morning busi-
ni ss is disposed of.
Mr. RICE. I will inquire if after the morn-
ing business it does not come up ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does 1
not come up until the expiration of the morn-
ing hour, except on motion.
Mr. SCOTT. I will move, then, to take up
the resolution offen d by me with reference to
the continuation of conference committees.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the
Senator from Arkansas moves to proceed to
the consideration of the resolution indicated
by him, his motion has precedence.
Mr. RICE. Then I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution
submitted by Mr. Rice on the 2d instant:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to furnish the Senate information in
regard to a recent application for United States
troops to be sent to the State of Arkansas; that he
state when such application was made, by whom
made, for what purpose asked; and whether any, and
what, order has been made in relation thereto ; and
if any troops are to be sent to said State, that he
furnish definite information as to the necessity, and
the object and purpose for which they are sent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator desire
to make a speech upon it?
Mr. RICE. If the Senator from Vermont
has any further objection to the wording of
that resolution I will offer the one I hold in my
hand as a modification. I ask to modify my
resolution so as to avoid any objection to the
wording of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Arkansas modifies his resolution, and
it will be read as modified.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution as
modified, as follows:
Besolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to furnish the Senate with such inform-
ation as he has in relation to a recent application
for United States troops to be sent to the State of
Arkansas, together with a statement of what action
has been had on such application.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That does not help it
much, though it helps it some; but this at-
tempt on the part of the Senate to inquire into
the methods of the President of the United
States in having troops in various parts of the
Union, inasmuch as they must be somewhere,
either in Vermont or Arkansas, or some
other State, unless they are moved into the
Territories, I confess I have not much sym-
pathy for. At the same time, as I say, I have
no information on this subject at all, and
therefore I am not speaking in the interest
either of secrecy or of publicity. I know
nothing at all about the facts of this case. I
only state what seems to me to be a sound
general principle; and in order that this sub-
ject of inquiring into the exercise by the Presi-
dent of his powers as to where he keeps his
army in a time of peace within the country,
whether in one State or another, and why he
moves them, may be considered and reported
upon promptly, as I have no doubt it will be,
I move that the resolution be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs. I hope that
will be satisfactory to the Senator from Ark-
ansas.
Mr. RICE. I wish a correct understanding
of the President's power to move troops
wherever he pleases throughout the United
States. I am not disputing thaf power ; I am
not questioning that power; but here it is a
well known fact that there is a controversy in
the State of Arkansas; there is no propriety
in ignoring that fact. It is a fact that an
application has been made by some authority
in that State (I suppose by the Governor)
for United States troops to be sent there. The
information which I want is upon what state
of facts that application is based. The people
of Arkansas want to know these facts, and it
is, as I stated yesterday, important to have
those facts before the Senate, in order that I
can offer another resolution based upon the
answer to this. That is all the point there is
in it. I do not see any necessity for referring
the resolution to a Committee, or any reason
why it should not be acted on immediately.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I am
compelled to take issue with my colleague
upon the subject of a collision in Arkansas.
I know of no collision there, and of no ques-
tion of angry dispute. It is true we have had
an election there; and so the people have
had in all the States. The result of that elec-
tion will, in due process of time and according
to the laws of the State, be made known. If
my colleague has reference to that, I must say
that I fail to see where the collision can be.
Under the laws of the State of Arkansas, it
becomes the duty of the senate on the first
day of its session to have opened by the pre-
siding officer of the senate the returns of the
election for State officers. The senate will not
meet until about the 6th of January. When
it does meet, I presume the returns will
be opened, and the result will be an-
nounced in accordance with those returns,
and the probability is that the officers so
announced as elected will be installed. If
there be any doubt then about the legality of
the electiou in certain counties, the law pro-
vides a remedy by contest before the two
houses of the Legislature. I see no reason
why there should be auy collision or why there
should be any trouble in Arkansas. I per-
ceive that in some of the papers it is announced
that there is trouble there, but I know of no
trouble. What I do know is that, contrary to
the usual custom, an executive political com
mittee have undertaken to annouce the result
in that State, and they have also said that
they would inaugurate their candidates.
I know, too, that in one county an ex-Ku
Klux chief has reported to certain individuals
at Little Rock that he is ready to produce a
thousand men at the capital and help to in-
augurate certain men.
Now, I say that there need be no difficulty
or collision in Arkansas. The people of Ark-
ansas are tired of controversy, and I presume
the people of the whole United States are. I
was sorry when I saw a morning paper the
other day construe the resolution of my col-
league as an announcement of the continuance
of the Arkansas quarrel. There is no neces-
sity for any Arkansas quarrel; we do not want
any Arkansas quarrel, but we want the laws to
take their course in that State without in-
terference on the part of anybody. We can
see no necessity for certain gentlemen saying
that they will report men at the capital on a
certain day. I do-not know whether they pro-
pose to come there with shot, guns or not ; but
the law provides a peaceable remedy lor auy
wrong, if any remedy is needed, and I do
take issue with the idea that a political com-
mittee, in the absence of any official announce-
ment of the result of the election, eau an-
nounce the result and undertake to inaugurate
its candidates.
I hope that this whole question will go to
the Military Committee; and I think upon
investigation it will be found that there is no
necessity whatever for a report such as is
called for by the resolution. I do not know
that any application has been made for troops ;
but I think that if my colleague would go to
the War Department he could get the inform
ation he requires.
Mr. RICE. If the statements of my col-
league be true, that all is peace and quiet in
Arkansas, I think that my resolution certainly
ought to be passed, that we may know why it
is troops of the United States are called
for to be sent there. What necessity exists
for them if all is quiet there? Why are they
called for? I want to understand what that
necessity is myself. I am inquiring. My col-
league seems not to be able to give informa-
tion to the Senate as to why troops are sent
there. He says that there is no occasion for
them, that there is no trouble, that the people
are tired of controversies, and want no further
trouble. Then why is it that troops are asked
to be sent to that State?
He refers to another matter, and says that a
political committee issued a circular congrat-
ulating the people upon the success of their
ticket in the State of Arkansas. I was a
member of that committee, and chairman of
it. We did issue that circular, and it was
based on the returns of the county clerks as
sent up to the secretary of State's office,
directed to the president of the senate, two
