1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
sets of returns being required in that State.
The circular was based upon their returns as
they made them out originally, and those
returns do show the election of Mr. Brooks as
Governor and the other State officers on the
same ticket, and therefore we had a right t*
congratulate the people upon the success of
our ticket. We did so. We did say that Mr.
Brooks being elected Governor he should be
inaugurated. We meant that. I do not know
that there will be any resistance to his inaugu-
ration. It is not fair to presume there will
be. I know that there will be no resistance to
his opponent if he has a majority of the votes.
There is no occasion for any troops for that
purpose. It has been avowed on our part at
ail times that we would submit to what the
majority of the people said at the ballot-box ;
but upon the other hand it has been avowed
by high officials in that State that in no event
should Mr. Brooks ever be Governor of that
State. That avowal has been made repeatedly,
and that is one reason why I want to know
what these troops are called into requisition
for. Is it to prevent Mr. Brooks' inaugura-
tion even if he is elected ? If it is we want to
know the fact. If the troops are to be sent
there simply to maintain the law, simply to
support the legal authorities in that State, there
will be no one better pleased with the result
thau I, and the whole people of the State will
welcome them there; but we should like an
official announcement that such is the fact,
that that is the purpose for which these troops
are sent. That was the object of the original
wording of my resolution.
I am not disposed to discuss the question on
this resolution further than I have done. I
should like to have the resolution passed now,
and not referred to a committee.
Mr. CLAYTON. I would not rise again
were it not to correct what I think is an error
on the part of my colleague. I certainly think
he is mistaken, and I am sure he will find he
is mistaken in his statement that the returns
in the office of the secretary of State show
Brooks's election. What I have to say now is
that there is a proper tribunal who will in due
time ascertain whether he is elected or not,
and whatever that tribunal does ascertain, I
have no doubt will be carried peaceably into
effect. But before the returns were received,
it was announced by certain gentlemen in
Arkansas, who are at the head of a certain
movement, that a particular person was elected
to a certain office, and that he should be in-
stalled, whereupon their partisans in different
parts of the State announced that they would
be at the capital with a certain number of men
to install him, one said a thousand, another
five hundred, and so on. An ex-confederate
general was sent out to organize those men.
Now, I do not know whether or not the
President has sent these troops on the prin-
ciple of an ounce of prevention being worth a
pound of cure; but if he has sent them there
for that purpose, I believe it is a very wise
precaution. Of course if they have gone
there, they have gone simply to preserve order
and prevent bloodshed.
But, as I before said, there is no necessity
for this resolution whatever. The leading
journal of the Opposition has taken occasion
time after time to assure its friends that they
would take things into their own hands, that
the Government of the United States would
not interfere. Now, they say, General Grant
has been elected, he is going to pursue an
entirely different policy; he is going to leave
these carpet-baggers, as they term them, to
hoe their own row — '• Come up with your men,
see that our candidate is inaugurated; there
will be no interference." It may be necessary
to let those gentlemen know that the troops
will not interfere in a certain direction in order
to carry out that scheme.
I think, Mr. President, it is perfectly proper
that these troops should be there for more
reasons than one. It may be that they have
gone into winter quarters there. It is one
of the tinest posts in the country, a roserva-
tion of forty acres, with fine quarters, and gar-
rison accommodations sufficient for a regi-
ment of men. It has been customary to have
troops there. I think the orders of the War
Department will show that these troops have
been sent there to go into winter quarters with
the view, perhaps, of going to the protection of
the frontier in the spring.
But in the other aspect of the case I think
it is very wise that they should be there. They
cannot do any harm, and, as the saying is, they
may do a power of good.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that the resolu-
tion as modified be reported.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Rezolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to furnish the Senate with such inform-
ation as he ha:? in relation to a recent application
for United States troops to be sent to tho State of
Arkansas, together with a statement of what action
has been had on such application.
Mr. THU11MAN. Mr. President, I know
nothing of the controversy which it is said is
going on in the State of Arkansas ; I do not
know even the names of the candidates; I do
not know what the controversy is ; but I do
know that a Senator from Arkansas rises and
asks that he may have information in regard
to a supposed application to the President of
the United States for troops of the United
States to be used in the State of Arkansas,
and I do know that with my sense of duty I
would vote for giving any Senator on this floor
under such circumstances the information
which he desired, no matter what was the case
that gave rise to his application forthe inform-
ation. When a Senator rises and says that
he understands an application has been made
from some authority in his State for United
States troops to be sent to that State and that
he wants information on that subject, I, for
one, will vote to give him that information.
And I cannot see any necessity either, Mr.
President, for sending this matter to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. The resolution
itself shows that this is not a mere matter of
inquiry about the ordinary distribution of the
Army. If it were, there might be some pro-
priety, although I can hardly see what it would
be, in referring the matter to the Committee
on Military Affairs. There might be some
reason—it is hardly possible to suppose it—for
not disclosing exactly the position of the Army.
Certainly, in a state of war or of insurrection,
there might exist a necessity for concealing
the position of the Army. I can hardly con-
ceive in a time of profound peace that there
is any such necessity, and therefore I cannot
see the reason for referring the matter to the
Committee on Military Affairs, even if it were
a question that related simply to the ordinary
exercise of discretion by the President in send-
ing the Army wherever he thinks it will be of
the most service to the country. But that is
not this case.
Here the resolution assumes that an appli-
cation has been made to the President under
the act of 1795, (which was passed under that
clause of the Constitution which authorizes
Congress to provide for suppressing insurrec-
tion,) and which must be made by the Legisla-
ture of the State, if in session, or if it is not
in session by the Executive of the State. A
Senator from that State rises and says he wants
to know whether such an application has been
made and what has been done in relation to it.
Surely is lie not entitled to that information?
And what has the Military Committee to do
with that? What in the world has the Mili-
tary Committee to do with an inquiry of that
kind ? As I said before, it does not relate to
the ordinary distribution of the Army at all,
but it relates to an application made under this
act of 1795 providing for the use of the Army
of the United States to suppress insurrection.
Surely the Senator is entitled to have the in-
formation he seeks—whether such an applica-
tion has been made and what has been done
in answer to that application—unless, indeed,
the States are so completely blotted out that it
does not matter one straw what you do with a
State any more than it does what you do with
a county. Unless that is the condition of
affairs, I do not see for myself why there
should be any opposition to thif resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should ,ike to ask my
honorable friend from Ohio whether he has
ever known a resolution to be adopted in this
body of this character, or anything like it,
unless it also contained the qualification that
the President should be left to judge whether
it was compatible with the public interest that
the matter should be publicly disclosed?
Mr. THURMAN. In answer to that in-
quiry I will say that I am not aware whether
it has been customary to put such a qualifica-
tion in a resolution like this, or not. If that
had been suggested before, I am sure that I
for one would not have objected to its being
attached to the resolution. I will say, how-
ever, that the only case of a resolution upon
this subject of which I have auy knowledge,
either by reading or experience, was in regard
to the Dorr rebellion in Rhode Island, as it
was called, in regard to which a resolution
was offered in the Senate to know whether
troops had been ordered into the State of
Rhode Island, and which gave rise to a very
heated debate, dividing parties a good deal,
but nothing ever came of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is one of the most
delicate things in respect to which the Senate
or Congress can interfere, for the reason that
the powers of the respective departments are
entirely independent and separate. The Pres-
ident is just as supreme in the scope of what
the Constitution imposes upon him to do, in
taking care that the laws be faithfully exe-
cuted, as we are in respect to legislation, and
perhaps more so, because he has a veto upon
what we may do, and it requires a pretty heavy
majority, such as none but parties that com-
mend themselves to the good judgment of the
country are apt to have, to pass bills in that
way. Now, the Senator from Arkansas pro-
poses that we should call upon the President,
just as we would upon any inferior tribunal or
officer created by law, whom we could abolish
to-morrow if we liked, to give us certain in
formation touching what he himself describes
to be a delicate and ticklish state of public
affairs, and in respect of which, for aught we
know—and in many cases it would be so—the
communication of that information might bring
on a collision and bloodshed at once. As you
can readily perceive, in matters of this kind
a state of affairs may exist where a pru-
dent secrecy as to what the officer charged
with the execution of the laws is to do,
when, how, and in what manner, and by
what agencies, is one of the most potent
conservative elements for the preservation
of peace possible. Now, this undertakes
to have a publication of the methods that
the President of the United States may see
fit to resort to in performing his duty under
the Constitution when a constitutional occa-
sion shall arise calling upon him to exer-
cise that most delicate and important of his
functions. It is for this reason that I have
proposed that before we take any sudden
step of this kind, of even asking the Pres-
ident to communicate this to us if he thinks he
can do so compatibly with the public interests,
we send it to a committee charged with the
consideration of subjects relating to the dis-
position of the military to let them consider
what we ore to do before we take a step in the
way of a precedent which involves, I think, a
great deal more, I may be permitted to shy,
than my honorable friend from Arkansas had
in his mind when he offered it. And I s;.y
this the more freely because I repeat that I
am only speaking of the principle and theory
of the resolution, as I had no information such
