1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1028
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
colonel james f. jaques.
The next bill reported by the Committee on
the Private Calendar was the bill (S. No. 59)
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
settle and pay the accounts of Colonel James
F. Jaques.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time,
and it was accordingly read the third time.
The question was on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask a division on that
question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
80, noes 46.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. MOREY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
cowan and dickinson.
The next bill reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar was the
bill (S. No. 96) for the relief of Cowan &
Dickinson, of Knoxville, Tennessee.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
half pay op captain john davis.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. There is one
other bill on which the Committee of the
Whole acted, by striking out the enacting
.clause, the bill (H. R. No. 3011) to authorize
the paymentof half pay to Captain John Davis,
a revolutionary officer.
Mr. HOLMAN. That was not ordered to
be reported to the House.
The SPEAKER. The enacting clause hav-
ing been struck out by the committee, the
committee must report the bill. The Clerk
will read the rule applicable to this ease.
The Clerk read as follows:
" A motion to strike out the enacting words of a bill
shall have precedence of a motion to amend; and if
carried shall be considered equivalent to its rejec-
tion. Whenever a bill is reported from a Committee
of the Whole with a recommendation to strike out
the enacting words, and such recommendation is
disagreed to by the House, the bill shall stand
recommitted to the said committee without further
action by the House. But before the question of
concurrence is submitted, it is in order to entertain
a motion to refer the bill to any committee of the
House, with or without instructions, and when the
same is again reported to the House, it shall be
referred to the Committee of the Whole without
debate, and resume its original place on the Cal-
endar."
The SPEAKER. The first question is, will
the House concur with the action of the Com-
mittee of the Whole in striking out the enact-
ing words of this bill?
The question was put, and the action of the
Committee of the Whole was concurred in.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the enacting clause of the bill was
stricken out; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william a. graham.
Mr. PETERS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 3555)
to remove the disabilities of William A. Gra-
ham, a citizen of North Carolina.
Mr. MAYNARD. Has this party petitioned
for this relief?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not in-
formed as to that.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to know why
ho does not crime in under the general law
which we passed?
Mr. PETERS. He is included in a bill
which sticks in the Senate.
Mr. DAWES. But under the law of the
land every man who was not a member of
the Thirty-Sixth or Thirty-Seventh Congress,
or upon the bench of the Supreme Court, or in
the Army or Navy, is relieved of his disabil-
ities. If this gentleman is not relieved under
that law I will vote for this bill.
Mr. PETERS. He was in General Taylor's
Cabinet, and is therefore excepted from the
provisions of that bill.
Mr. DAWES. That does not render a
special bill for his relief necessary.
Mr. PETERS. Yes, it does.
Mr. DAWES. I do not object to this bill,
but I think this passing of separate bills is
doing the thing twice over.
Mr. COX. Why will not the gentleman
vote for a general amnesty bill?
Mr. DAWES. I have already voted for a
bill which includes this gentleman.
Mr. PETERS. No; he is excepted, be-
cause he held a cabinet office under General
Taylor; and he is as true and good a man as
there is in the United States.
Mr. DAWES. All that is true, but that does
not render it necessary for us to do the same
thing twice over.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found duly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 309) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to refund certain moneys
to James 0. P. Burnside :
An act (H. R. No. 1562) for the relief of
Captain Brice X. Blair, postmaster at Hunt-
ingdon, Pennsylvania;
An act (H. R. No. 1803) for the relief of
H. H. Meredith, late postmaster at Wade,
Bedford county, Virginia;
An act (H. R. No. 2414) granting a pension
to Mrs Ahigail Chaplin ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2452) granting a pension
to Abigail Stukey;
A bill (H. R. No. 2499) granting a pension
to Mary A. Miller;
An act (H. R. No. 2513) granting a pension
to Mary O'Donald;
An act (H. R. No. 2544) granting a pension
to Robert G. Wilson ;
An act (H. R. No. 2487) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Black;
An act (H. R. No. 2512) granting a pension
to Susan W. Mechem ;
An act (H. R. No. 2510) granting a pension
to Amos Farling;
An act (H. R. No. 2511) granting a pension
to Garrett Flemming;
An act (H. R. No. 2514) granting a pension
to Rosa Hoon;
An act (H. R. No. 2503) granting a pension
to Richard B. Crawford ;
An act (H. R. No. 2525) granting a pension
to Lucinda Thompson;
An act (H. R. No. 2546) granting a pension
to Daniel Wooden ; and .
An act (H. R. No. 2903) for the relief of
James F. Casey, collector of the port of New
Orleans.
statue of admiral farragut.
Mr. TYNER. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's^ table, for con-
sideration at this time, Senate joint resolution
No. 121, extending the time for the presenta-
tion and selection of models for a statue of
the late Admiral Farragut,
Mr, HOLMAN. What is the scope of the
resolution ?
Mr. TYNER. It simply extends for thirty
days the time for receiving models for a statue
of Admiral Farragut.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The time now
fixed expires to-day, and unless it is extended
a model by the sculptor Rodgers, now on the
ocean, cannot be received.
No objection was made; and the joint reso-
lution was accordingly taken fro m the Speaker's
table, read three times, and passed.
adjournment, etc.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Imovethatthe
House now adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. Pending that motion, I
move that when the House adjourns to-day it
be to meet on Monday next.
The question was takeu on the motion of
Mr. Holman, and it was not agreed to; upon
a division—ayes 53, noes 73.
The question recurred upon the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. YOUNG. I move that when the House
meet to-morrow it meet as in Committe of the
Whole on the state of the Union for debate
only.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. GAPiFIELD, of Ohio, and Mr. W. R.
ROBERTS objected.
The motion to adjourn was then agreed to ;
and accordingly (at four o'clock and twenty-
five minutes p. m.) the Hoose adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CHIPMAN: The memorial of
James Mitchell.
By Mr. HALSEY: The petition of Eliza-
beth Wing Catlin, asking Congress to pur-
chase Bix hundred oil paintings, with twenty
thousand figures, illustrating the various
games, hunting scenes, religious ceremonies,
habits, manners, modes of life, customs, &c.,
of the North American Indians, painted from
life by the late Mr. George Catlin, during a
residence of more than thirty years among the
Indian tribes.
By Mr. LANSING: The petition of the
Board of Trade of the city of Oswego, New
York, for the construction of a Niagara ship-
canal on American soil.
By Mr. RANDALL: The memorial of the
National Prison Reform Congress.
By Mr. ROGERS, of North Carolitla: A
petition from banks, justifying the movement
for the removal of bank taxes.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana; The peti-
tion of Hiram A. Benefield, for relief.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 1, 1878.
The House met at twelve o'clock m-. Prayer
by Rev. J. W. Chickering, D. D., of Boston,
Massachusetts.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved. indian affairs.
Mr. SHANKS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs to ask consent
to report, for consideration at this time, a bill
to secure a more efficient administration of
Indian affairs. It is a bill requiring Indian
agents, &c., to keep a full record of their
proceedings. .
Mr. BUCKLEY. I will reserve my right to
object until the bill shall have been read.
The SPEAKER. The bill mil be read,
after which objections will be in order to its
consideration- at this time.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that after the passage of tbe act
all books, records, contracts, bids, or pro-
