1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1983
this coiner has been employed, and if em-
ployed, by what authority?"
Mr. SARGENT. I wili explain to the gen-
tleman from Indiana that it is because of a
mistake made in the last bill. The appropria-
tion was made for the salary of assayer and
coiner, $2,500. It read as if for only one
officer, whereas there are two officers. This
is to pay the salary of the other officer.
Mr. HOLMAN. Have both been employed ?
Mr. SARGENT. Both have been busily
employed. The coinage of bullion in that
State has increased from one million a year to
one million a month.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman is con-
suming my time. Nothing is more apparent
than the fact that two mints are required, one
at San Fx'aneiaco and the other at Philadel-
phia, and every other one besides those two
which is established is merely for some local
benefit.
Mr. KENDALL. What is the necessity of
a mint at Philadelphia? Why, sir, should we
not have our mints where our bullion is pro-
duced? Why should we not have a miut in
California, where so much bullion is produced,
and another one in Nevada or somewhere else
in the western mining country ? Is there any
necessity for having a mint at Philadelphia, so
far removed from the source of our bullion ?
Mr. HOLMAN. The production of bullion
and coinage are separate and distinct, and
there is no necessity why we should locate
mints because bullion is produced in a certain
State.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to strike out the
last word, to say this whole matter has been
fully considered and disposed of by the codifi-
cation and revision of all the laws in reference
to mints and assay offices.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my amendment
after the explanation that has just been made.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I renew the mo-
tion to strike out the paragiaph. Mr. Rice, the
superintendent, in his note to the Secretary's
letter, where he sets forth these deficiencies
item by item, asks for this mint, which, as the
gentleman from California says, has increased
from a million a year to a million a month,
$60,000, whereas this bill proposes to give him
$62,500.
Mr. SARGENT. You will observe by the
date of the letter it was some time since.
These estimates are carefully made up on the
business of the current year. The business
there has been increasing enormously, aston-
ishingly so, and these appropriations are neces-
sary to earry them through, and have been
recommended by the Secretary of War.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Mr. Rice in his
letter of October asks for $40,000, $15,000,
and $5,000.
Now, you give him $16,000 where he asks
$15,000; you give him $44,000 where he asks
ยง40,000, and you give bim $2,500 more for
salaries which he does not ask for at all.
Mr. SARGENT. We followed the esti-
mates sent in by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury cutting them down somewhat. The state-
ment referred to by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, was prepared in October last, and the
business has been running on ever since, and,
as I have told my friend, it has been increasing
at a wonderful ratev
Mr, BECK, of Kentucky. Very well; I with-
draw my amendment.
The following paragraph was read:
For the amount required to make good to the
treasurer of the Mint a loss in the redemption oi
44.747.GU5 pieces of base coin, amounting to $794,557 08,
fur the fiscal years ending June 30,1871, and June 30,
1872, $1,481 78.
Ajr, LYNCH- I desire the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations to give some
explanation with reference to this paragraph;
and meanwhile I reserve the point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The subject
was considered very fully by the committee,
and the facts are these 
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lynch] has a point of order to
make, he must make it now. What is his
point of order ?
Mr. LYNCH. I believe it has been cus-
tomary to reserve points of order until ex-
planations of particular items should be made.
The CHAIRMAN. That has not been cus-
tomary while the Chair has been filled by its
present occupant.
Mr. LYNCH. I will hear the explanation
of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. More- than a
year ago Congress provided for the redemp-
tion of base coinage, and large amounts of it
were sent to the Philadelphia Mint to be re-
deemed. As it was usually sent in packages
by weight it was found that there was a waste
or loss on the coin of sometimes two or three
cents on a package, sometimes more. The
amount that came in was large. And this is
the difference of count in that matter. It was
fully explained in the letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, inclosing letters from the
Director of the Mint, and was simply a loss
which it became necessary to adjust on the
books of the Treasurer. The committee con-
sidered the explanations quite satisfactory. If
the gentleman desires, theletter can be printed
in the Globe.
Mr. LYNCH. I offer the following amend-
ment :
After the paragraph last read add the following :
J?or amount to make good to the Treasurer of the
United States a loss in the redemption of certain
mutilated, partially destroyed, and defective com-
pound interest, five per cent., and national bank
notes, namely:
Compound-interest notes:
Part ot note, no number, paid in full by order of
the Treasurer, fifty dollars; one half of note, num-
bered two hundred and twenty-two thousand nine
hundred and thirty-one, B, dated May 15,1865, affi-
davit of destruction of missing part attached, paid
by order of the Treasurer. $59 70; one note, no seal,
dote, or number, face value paid, ten dollars; one
mutilated note, numbered ninety-one thousand two
hundred and sixty-five, affidavit attached, ten dol-
lars; five notes of ten dollars each, no seal, date,
or number, fifty dollars; onenote, numbered twenty-
three thousand five hundred and forty-five, no seal
or date, twenty dollars.
Five per cent, notes :
One note, no seal, date, or number, supposed one
of four stolen from Printing Bureau, paid by order
of the Secretary of the Treasury, twenty-one dol-
lars; a part of note, numbered one hundred and
ninety-five thousand four hundred and fifty-three,
dated May 14,1864, two thirds of note burned and
missing, and affidavit attached of the destruction of
missing part, twenty-one dollars.
National bank notes:
One note of Bockport National Bank, Massachu-
setts, appears to have been one of a sheet stolen
from Printing Bureau, paid by order of the Secretary
of the Treasury, June 12,1866, ten dollars.
To reimburse Francis E. Spinner, for losses in-
curred in his office as Treasurer of the United States,
through embezzlement on the part of employes and
otherwise, without negligence or fault on his part,
namely, loss by the embezzlement of Seth Johnson,
late interest teller, $37,894 20; loss by the embezzle-
ment oi F. A. Marden, late chief of division of ac-
counts $11,413 97; part of a package of new notes
stolen from the division of issues, 811,500; amount
found short in an actual count of ยง131,000 specimen
currency, $71 77; amount found short in an actua,
count of the paying teller's cash, twenty cents
amount found short in an actual count of a package
of new notes, one dollar; amount found short m an
actual count of a package of new notes, temporarily
made good bv the original counter, twenty dollars;
amount found short in an actual count of the funds
of the redemption division, $13137; amount found
short in an actual count of the funds of the cash
division $142 01; in all, ยง61,174 52.
Mr. SARGENT. I raise the point of order
that there is no law authorizing this appropria-
tion.
Mr. LYNCH. It is not an appropriation.
Mr. SARGENT. Then there is no law
authorizing such a provision.
Mr. LYNCH. It is precisely analogous to
the paragraph which has been read.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not think that it is.
I raise the point of order on it.
Mr. LYNCH. The paragraph is to make
good the deficiency to the treasurer of the
Mint. This amendment, is to make good the
deficiency to the Treasurer of the U nited States.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
the amendment is in order. He would admit it
as coming under the head of contingencies for
carrying on one of the Departments of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, this is to re-
lieve the Treasurer of the United States foi
losses that have been incurred by errors and
defalcations of some of his subordinate officers ;
most of the loss results from what is known as
Seth Johnson's defalcation. In order that the
committee may understand the matter more
fully, I will send to the desk to be read the
passages I have marked in a letter addressed
by the Secretary of the Treasury transmitting
report of Committee on Examination of the
Treasury Department.
The Clerk read as follows:
The report shows that a very thorough examina-
tion of the Treasurer's office was made, and its con-
dition is, in the most essential particulars, satisfac-
tory. There are, however, several facts stated in
tho report to which I ask attention.
There is a deficiency due to the dishonesty of Seth
Johnson, lately a clerk in tbe office, of $37,894 20.
A similar deficiency arising from the dishonesty of
irederick A. Marden, also lately a clerk in the
Treasurer's office, of $11,413 97, and a further defici-
ency of $11,500 not recovered from a package of
$20,000 stolen from the division of issues about two
years since. There are other discrepancies amount-
ing in the aggregate to $406 35 arising from errors in
accounts, loss of coupons, and deficiencies in cash
of clerks and tellers.
Some of these errors and deficiencies have been
carried upon the books for a long time, and in view
of all the circumstances the suggestion is respect-
fully made that Congress should relieve the Treas-
urer by authorizing the adjustment of these losses
and discrepancies in the accounts. * * * *
It will be seen from one of the schedules of details
that the interest teller has a small amount of de-
faced, defective, and partially burned notes and
securities paid by him, some by direction of the
Treasurer and some by order of my predecessors,
and also that part of the funds of the " box of mis-
cellaneous contents " enumerated among the assets
of the office and fully explained in the report, con-
sists of similar defective securities and notes, which
the First Comptroller of the Treasury has declined
to allow.
It seems to me proper that relief should be given
in this respect also by an act of Congress. A bill
will be prepared at the Treasuiy Department de-
signed to meet these and other discrepancies in the
accounts of the office, and submitted to the House of
Representatives. There are also forty-one special
deposits, consisting of various articles, some valu-
able and others worthless. I respectfully recommend
that authority be given by law to the Secretary of
the Treasury to order the destruction of tbe articles
that are worthless and the sale or other proper dis-
position of whatever may be valuable; an account
to be kept of the proceeds, subject to any valid claim
that may hereafter be made.
Upon the whole, the result reached by the com-
mittee is such as to justify the expression of the
opinion that the business of the Treasury has been
well conducted, and that the losses in the aggregate
are very insignificant as compared with the trans-
actions of the office.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
Hon. J. G. Blaine, Secretary.
Speaker vf the House of Representatives.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I would state
that this amendment covers the losses result-
ing from errors and defalcations in the Treas-
urer's department during the entire term of
the administration of General Spinner. As I
have said, the principal loss was an account
of the defalcation of Seth Johnson, who has
been convicted and fined to the full amount
of his defalcation, although I believe he has
been pardoned by the President, having
nearly served out his sentence, and the fine
remitted. The Treasurer is, under the law,
responsible for this loss and also^ for losses
sustained by the errors referred to in the letter
of the Secretary, and this amendment simply
relieves him from this loss which was in con-
sequence of the dishonesty or carelessness
of his subordinate, and I presume when the
matter is understood there will be no objection
to the amendment.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Why has not
this matter been referred to a committee ?
Mr. LYNCH. It has been examined both hy
the Committee on Expenditures in the Treas-
ury Department and of Ways and Means, but
there has been no opportunity to report, and
it is so near the close of the session 1 desire to
secure the passage of this act, relieving one of
the most faithful and honest officers of the
