60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
as my friend has descibed or such as the Sen-
ator from Ohio lias described : 1 knew nothing
whatever about the facts to which the resolu-
tion might apply.
Mr. THUKMAN. Mr. President, I can but
feel a little surprised at the position of the
Senator from Vermont. What occasion is
there hero to speak about the independence
of the different departments? This resolu-
tion implies that an application has been
made, not under the Constitution, but under
the law of 1705, under an act of Congress, for
troops to be sent to the State of Arkansas.
It is not a question about executing any law
of the United States the execution of which
is devolved upon the President; but even if
it were a quest'on of the execution of the laws
of the United States, when has Congress abne-
gated its power to inquire how the President
executes the laws of the United States or the
Constitution of the United States? But that
is not this case at all; it is not a question
about the President exercising his power to
see that the laws of the United States be
faithfully observed. As I said before, it is a
question, if I understand it. whether an appli-
cation has been made by the State authorities
of Arkansas or by any functionary there pro-
fessing to have authority to make that appli-
cation, under, not, the Constitution ot the
United States, but under an act of Congress—
the act of 1795—to the President of the Uni-
ted States to intervene in the affairs of the
State of Arkansas with the armed power of
the Federal Government; and when a Senator
from that State rises here and asks that he
may be furnished with information upon that
subject, it does strike me as passing strange
that any objectiou should be made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer the resolution to
the Committee on Military Afliiirs.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 24, noes 16.
Mr. RICE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton,
Cole. Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, E.lmunds, Ferry
iii' Michigan, Flanagan. Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,
llamlin, Hitchcock, Howe, Logan. Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Patterson, Pratt, Robertson, Scott,
Stewart. West, and Wright—:i().
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Casserly, Davis, Fenton,
Ferry ot Connecticut, Hamilton of Maryland, John-
ston, Kelly, Machen, Norwood, Rice, Saulsbury,
Schuri, Stevenson, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
and Vickers—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman, Cam-
eron, Cooper, Uoldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Har-
lan, Hill, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Ransom, Sawyer,
Sherman, Spencer. Sprague, Stockton, Sumner, Wil-
son, and Windom—26.
So the resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
kk a ppointment of conference committees.
Mr. SCOTT. I now move to proceed to the
consideration of the resolution offered by me
for the purpose of continuing conference com-
mittees appointed at the last session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution
submitted by Mr. Scott on the 2d instant:
Resolved, That in all cases where committees of
conference were asked or granted by the Senate
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon
any bill at the last session, and where such commit-
tees have not reported, or where, having made re-
port, the report was not disposed of by the Senate at
that session, the conferees on the part of the Senate
then appointed be, and they are hereby, reappointed.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask the
mover of this resolution what committees and
reports it embraces; and in that connection I
will ask the Senator also whether his object is
not to get at the Ohio river bridge bill, and if
it is, why he does not address himself to that?
Mr. SCOTT. I will state, in response to the
Senator's inquiry, why I offer this resolution.
It may be, and I think perhaps it is, a little
broader in its terms than may be absolutely
necessary, and therefore, if it shall meet with
no dissent, I propose to modify the resolution
in that regard.
My attention was called to the question of
whether this resolution was necessary from
the fact that 1 was upon two conference com-
mittees at the close of the last session, one
upon the bill to which the Senator has referred
relating to bridges across the Ohio liver, and
another upon the bill for the relief of Theodore
Adams. In the case of Adams the report was
made by the conference committee, and the
Senate adjourned with a motion pending to
refer it back to the same committee and that
motion was undisposed of. In the other case,
the conference committees met and agreed
upon a report, and that report was made to
the House, too late for action, however, by the
House. The Senate part of the committee
came in to make their report just as the Sen-
ate was adjourned, and therefore it was not
made.
These are the two cases which called my
attention to the question, and upon inquiry of
those who are more conversant with parlia-
mentary law than I profess to be, I was in-
formed that it was necessary to offer this res
olution in order to vitalize those committees ;
that they had died with the session. I have
no other purpose in offering the resolution
than to enable the Senate portion of the com-
mittee of conference on the Ohio river bridge
bill to make its report and to have it acted
upon.
Mr. CONKLING. Why do you not move
that?
Mr. SCOTT. If the motion prevails to
recommit the other conference committee
report to the committee, it will then be also
necessary to offer that resolution.
I hold in my hands, Mr. President, the re-
port of the committee of conference on the
Ohio river bridge bill, and the action of the
House yesterday was communicated to us con-
curring in the report of the House portion
of the conference committee. My only pur-
pose is to get at this legislation in a proper
and parliamentary way, and if that can be
done, I have no objection to withdrawing this
resolution and moving to proceed to the con-
sideration of this bill which has come from the
House, and then on the report of the Senate
committee to bring the question up.
Mr. CONKLING. Do that.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well, 1 will make that
motion. The other will come up in its time.
I now move to proceed to the consideration
of the resolution communicated to us from the
House giving the assent of the House to the
report of the committee of conference on the
Ohio river bridge bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion conflicts, in the opiuiou of the Chair,
with the decisions that have been uniform in
the Senate with regard to the construction of
the twenty-first joint rule, the construction of
each of the two Houses being d liferent.
Mr. CONKLING. It can be done by unani-
mous consent; and there wili be no objection
to it, I take it.
Mr. SCOTT. If that be the sense of the
Chair, we may as well have the other question
settled by a consideration of the resolution
whether it is necessary to reappoint the con-
ference committee.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no objection to
proceeding to the consideration of the bridge
bill, and I beg the Senator to understand that
I made no suggestion in that behalf. Whether
I had objection to the other resolution or not,
would be determiued only by a better knowledge
than I have of how much work the resolution
will do, how much ground it will cover. Now
I submit to the Senator and to the Chair that
the House has given consent, if the consent
of the House is necessary in regard to the
twenty-first rule, by acting upon this report and
sending it here, and if the Senator asks to take
it up and uuanimous consent is given here, I
submit that no question of order can arise. If,
however, the broader resolution is taken up,
it will concern every Senator to know upon
what reports and what committees it is to act.
1 have in mind one committee and one con-
ference report which, whenever it is taken
up. will be the subject of discussion probably
in all its stages. Therefore I suggest to the
Senator that, rather than to embrace debatable
and contested matter, he had better aim his
resolution in whatever form he may select, if
he thinks my suggestion of proceeding by
unanimous consent, in case the Chair should
hold that in order, is not a good one, at this
specific case ; because undoubtedly, whatever
the rule or the parliamentary law is, any mo-
tion that it is competent for him to make about
this case as embraced with others it is com-
petent for him to make about this case alone.
Then let every one of these reports come up
each by itself so that it can be fairly consid-
ered, rather, I submit to the Senator, than to
embark upon a general discussion of all these
matters, whatever they may be.
Mr. SCOTT. I understood the Chair to
intimate that it could not be taken up even by
unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the
opinion of the Chair, the Senate cannot by
unanimous consent suspend a joint rule of the
two Houses, although the Senate may undoubt-
edly change the construction which it has
heretofore put on the rule, and which is differ-
ent from the construction that the House of
Representatives has put upon it.
Mr. CONKLING. May I remind the Chair
that in this particular case the House of Rep-
resentatives unmistakably has given its con-
sent to this by sending the bill here and ask-
ing the Senate to concur in the report, in which
the House itself has already concurred ? Now,
in form that may not be the usual way, but in
substance it is an unmistakable consent, and
more than a consent, a conclusive action on
the part of the House requesting the Senate,
for that is the form of this conference com-
mittee report, to concur in these amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Whenever
the other House sends a bill to the Senate in
violation of the construction which the Senate
have put on the rule, undoubtedly it is the
consent of the House that the Senate should
act upon it; but there are bills now on the
table which the Chair has not thought himself
at liberty, under the construction which the
Senate has placed on the rule, to lay before
the Senate until the six days from the com-
mencement of the session have expired.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, I wilt ask the
Senator from Pennsylvania to so modify his
resolution as to aim it at this particular meas-
ure and let the others be considered in their
turn, so that we may know what we are doing.
Mr. SCOTT. I propose to modify it so that
the resolution shall be confined to this case in
which report has not been made and to any
case iu which a motion to recommit is pend-
ing, and that will cover the only two cases I
have in view.
Mr. CONKLING. That is the Adams case.
Mr. SCOT P. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. I venture to ask the
Senator not to include that case. I recollect
that case, and recollect that a very warm debate
was going on upon it when the hammer fell at
the close of the last session.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well. My only object
is to get this legislation disposed of, and I now
so far modify the resolution as to confine it to
cases in which report has not been made.
Mr. CONKLING. The bridge bill is the
only such case ?
Mr. SCOTT. The only one so far as I know.
I am not aware of any other. I modify the
resolution so as to confine it to conference
committees of the Senate by which report has
not been made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will make the modification, and the
resolution will be read as modified.
