1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1025
cials who violate the law and are guilty of
wrongdoing. I observe, from the reading of
the bill, that there is no repealing or saying
clause in reference to any conflict with exist-
ing laws.
Mr. SHANKS. I think that, so far as this
bill may conflict with former laws, the later
statute would prevail; I do not know that
there would be any conflict. The great diffi-
culty has been that there seems to have been
a laxity upon the very point this bill reaches.
Mr. WOOD. This bill is certainly very well
and very carefully drawn, and it is one that we
should pass at this time. 1 only suggest to the
honorable chairman of the committee whether
it might not be well to guard more especially
the point to which I have referred.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Allow me to make
one suggestion. I simply desire to say that, first,
as a member of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and then as a member of a select com-
mittee authorized to investigate many of the
matters referred to, I have had occasion to
look into this subject quite closely; and if 1
have caught aright the purport of this bill, (I
believe it has been read to the House once
before,) it goes further to guard the Govern-
ment against frauds in the Indian department
than any measure that has been submitted to
this House since I have been a member of it.
Possibly it is susceptible of further improve-
ment ; but it is surely a very good bill, and is
in the right direction. I hope the House will
pass it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed,
two thirds voting in favor thereof.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
seamen's three months' extra pay.
Mr. MORGAN. When the Committee on
Foreign Affairs was last called I was absent
from the city. I was instructed at that time
to report a bill, which I ask unanimous consent
to report now.
There being no objection, '
Mr. MORGAN reported from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs a bill (H. R. No. 3735) to
amend the law requiring consular officers to
collect three months' extra pay for seamen in
certain cases; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill provides that the act named in the
title be so amended as to permit consular offi-
cers, whenever, after a full hearing of both
parties, the cause of discharge is found to.be
the misconduct of the seaman, to remit so
much of the extra wages as is now by law paid
to the seamen'discharged, provided that relief
can immediately be afforded to such seaman
by reshipment without expense to the Govern-
ment.
Mr. SARGENT. Is this bill reported from
a committee ?
Mr. MORGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SARGENT. Unanimously ?
Mr. MORGAN. Yes, sir, unanimously.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it iyas
accordingly read the third tiche, and pftssed.
Mr. MORGAN moved to reconsider ths
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
statue op admiral farragut.
Mr. TYNER. I desire unanimous consent
to make a brief statement. The Hou?e yes-
terday passed a joint resolution of the Senats
extending the time for the presentation and
selection of models for the statue of the late
Admiral Farragut. The purpose of that res-
olution was to afford time for the arrival of
a model prepared bythegreatAmerican sculp-
42d Cong. 3b Sess.—No. 65.
tor, Rogers. After the passage of the resalu-
tioo yesterday the model arrived. Inasmuch
as-that was the only model for which the com-
mittees of the House and tie Senate were wait-
mS; I unanimous consent that the vote by
which the joint reflation was passed be recon-
sidered, and that the resolution be laid on the
table.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
that order will be made.
There being no objection, it was ordered
accordingly.
taxation op national banks.
Mr. WILLARD, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a petition of the Rutland County
National Bank, the National Bank of Rutland,
tbe Rutland Savings Bank, the Baxter National
Bank, (all doing business at Rutland, Ver-
mont,) justifying the movement for the re-
moval of bank taxes; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Meaus, and ordered
to be printed. ' •
refunding! op cotton tax,
Mr. BURCHARD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which w s
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Socretary of the Treasury be
requested to furnish the House with any written
opinion in his possession, prepared in tho office of
the Commissioner of Internal Eovenue, rolativo to
the propriety of refunding the ootton tax.
maby e- and ma villa s. snively.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan. I ask unani-
mous consent that the House take from the
Speaker's table the-bill(H. R. No. 2509] grant-
ing a pension to Mary 15. Snively and Mavilla
S. Snively, and that the amendment—a verbal
correction, changing "Mavilla" to "Ma-
nila"—be concurred in.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objec-
tion, the amendment will be taken up and
concurred in.
There being no objection, it was ordered
accordingly.
army retired msi.
Mr. BUCKLEY, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
jReaolved. That the Secretary of War is hereby re-
quested to furnish the following information con-
cerning the Army retired list: tho names and rctirod
rank of officers retirod in a higher grade than that
held by them in the regular Array; the rank by reg-
ular commission and by breret held by each officer
in the regular Army when examined by the retiring
board, on the proceedings and.flndings of which ho
wa« afterward retired; the rank and command held
by each officer in the regular Army and in the vol-
unteer force When wounded, as shown by the find-
ings of said retiring board; all tho commissions
held by eaob ofueeriii. the line and by brevet boUl in
the regular Army and in th« volunteer force while
in the military service of the United States, and
what each particular buevet commission was granted
f-OP; the date of original entry into the service as en-
listed man or commissioned officer, and what the
length of such service rendered by each in the field
with troops since the time of original entry, particu-
larly in Florida against hostile-Indians, in the Mex-
ican war, and thelatewarof tbe rebel lion and on the
frontier.
order of business.
Mr. McGREW. I call for the regular order
of business. '
The SPEAKER,; The morning hour begins
at.ten minutes to one o'clock, and reports of
a private nature are in order from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
isabella orange. ' '
Mr. UPSON, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported back a bill (H.
R. No. 2771) for the relief of Isabella Orange,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The preamble to the bill recites that Isabella
Orange, widow of John C. Orange^ late a pri-
vate of company D seventh regiment west
Virginia volunteers, purchased and came into
possession of the southeast quarter of the
southeast quarter of section thirty-five, town-
ship four, range six, in Monroe county, Ohio,
believing she had received a good title for the
same; and that she paid the purchase money
for the lands out of the proceeds of her pen-
sion received on account of the death of her
husband in the United States service, and
she has made valuable improvements on the
land; and that the land has never been sold
or disposed of by the United States Govern-
ment. The bill then provides that the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office bo
directed to issue a patent to Isabella Orange,
of Monroe county, Ohio, for the southeast
quarter of the southeast quarter of section
thirty-five, township four, of range six, in
Monroe county, Ohio.
Mr. UPSON demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and, under the
operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was pnssed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
private land claims.
Mr. UPSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims to report back
a bill (H, R. No. 8517) to provide for ascer-
taining and settling private land claims in cer-
tain States and Territories, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass. Tho original was
transmitted by the Secretary of the Interior
with a recommendation for its favorable con-
sideration. . What tho committee now report
is in accordance with the views of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office and as
not only the Government but a large number
of claimants are interested in its passage, I
hope there will be no objection.
Mr. SPEER. I make the point of order
that the bill is not a private bill, but a pub-
lic bill, and cannot be considered on privato
bill day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
' ' william marvin.
Mr. McGREW, from the Committee, on
Private Land Claims, reported back a bill (H.
R. No. 3598) to confirm to William Marvin
the title to seven thousand acres of land in
the State of Florida, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The preamble to the bill recites that under
the act of Congress approved June 22,1860,
entitled "An act for the final adjustment of
private land-claims in the States of Florida,
Louisiana, and Missouri, and for other pur-
poses," and extended by an act of Congress,
approved March 2, 1867, entitled "An act to
extend the provisions of an act entitled 'An
act for the final adjustment of private land-
claims in the States of Florida, Louisiana,
and Missouri, and for other purposes,' " the
register and the receiver at the land-office at
Tallahassee, Florida, acting as commissioners
under the acts aforesaid, have reported to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office that
there ought to be confirmed to William Mar-
vin, who holds under Bernardo Segui, under
class two, under the third section of the act
first aforesaid, a tract of land containing seven
thousand acres, in the State of Florida, .on
the east side of the Saint John's river, be-
tween the place called Dunn's Lake and that
known as Horse Landing, including in said
tract of land the place called Buffalo Bluff,
and includes part of sections twenty-eight,
thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-six,
and thirty-nine, in townships ten south of
range twenty-six eastj and sections and parts
of sections one, two* three, eleven, twelve,
and thirty-nine, in township eleven south of
range twenty-six east; and parts of sections
five, six, seven, eight, and forty, in township
eleven south of range twenty-seven east;
which claim is based upon a'grant or conces-
