1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to modify
the resolution so that it shall read :
Resolvtd. That in all cases whore committees of
conference were asked or granted by the Senate
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon
any bill ot the last session, and where such com-
mittees have not reported at that session, the con-
ferees on the part of the Senate be, and they are
hereby, reappointed.
Mr. CON KLING. If my friend from Penn-
sylvania will uot think me captious, I must say
that 1 do uot believe that resolution means
now what he wants it to mean, it reads, "in
all cases where such and such things have been
done, and where." That is cumulative, and 1
rather think it would embrace both cases. I
suggest to my friend why not say, ■' Resolved,
that the conference committee ou such a
bill "—he has the number before him—"be
authorized to report?"' Is not that what he
wants to do ?
Mr. SCOTT. I so intended my modifica-
tion to apply to this case. There may be
others. 1 do not know whether there are or
not. Sufficient for the day is the evil thereof.
When they come up, let those who have charge
of them take care of them. What I propose
is that the committee of conference appointed
by the Seuate on House bill No. 827 be con-
tinued.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be read as now modified.
The Chief Clerk read it, as follows :
ftWwl, That thecommitteeof conference on the
part of the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the
two Homes on the bill of the House No. 827, to
authorize the construction of bridges across the
Ohio river and to prescribe the dimensions of the
same, at the last session, be, and the same is here-
by, reappointed.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
bridges across the ohio river.
Mr. SCOTT. Now I ask leave from the
committee of conference appointed on the
part of the Senate on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on House bill No. 827 to
uiake the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
vutes of the two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 827)
to authorize the construction of bridges across the
Ohio river and to prescribe the dimensions of the
same, having met. after full and free conference
have recommended, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from its amendment on
page 4, lines eleven, twelve, thirteen, and fourteen,
numbered sixteen.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
amendments of the Senate numbered from one to
fifteen inclusive.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the seventeenth amendment.
JOHN SCOTT,
A. I. BOREMAN,
A. G. THURMAN,
Managers on the !>■' /1 of the Senate.
JAMES S. NEGLEY,
W. S. IIOLMAN,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. SCOTT. I suppose under the twenty-
first joint rule the action of the Senate on that
report will have to be deferred until Monday
next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That has
been the construction of the rule. The Chair
is unwilling to interpose an objection to what
may be the wish of the Senate, but such has
undoubtedly been the construction of the rule.
The report will lie on the table for the present.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well.
reference of petitions and bills.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With the
assent of the Senate, the Chair will direct the
Secretary to refer to the appropriate com-
mittees all petitions, memorials, and bills that
have been laid on the table for reference.
Mr. SUMNEii. There is a bill which was
introduced by myself which I hope will not be
referred now. I should like, when it is referred,
to make a few remarks upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be excepted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was about to ask the
same exception, because when that bill comes
up for reference I shall have some opposition
to make to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The other
bills and petitions that have been laid ou the
table will be referred to their appropriate
committees.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that
when the Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after fifteen
minutes spent in executive session the doors
were reopened, and (at one o'clock and thirty-
two minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December <>, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
centennial census.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I ask leave to offer the
following resolution to which I think there will
be no objection :
Resolved, Th:it the select Committee on the Cen-
tennial Anniversary be instructed to inquire into the
feasibility a,nd propriety of taking a census of the
population and resources of the United States upon
the 1st of June, 187~>, according to the latest recom-
mendations of statistical science, in one day, on the
de facto principle, and with prior schedules.
No objection being made, the resolution was
received and adopted.
mississippi and gulf ship-canal.
Mr. MOREY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
I read, considered, and adopted :
| Reto'ved, That the Secretary of War is hereby
directed to furnish this House with any information
in his possession showing the possible cost of a ship-
i canal irom the Mississippi river near its mouth to
i deep water in the Gult of Mexico; also, what
amount of money has been expended for the con-
> stiuction of a canal around the Des Moines rapids,
and what amount has been expended in or contrib-
uted for the construction of a canal around the falls
of the Ohio.
^ cotton claims.
| Mr. MOREY also, by unanimous consent,
j introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3030) to amend
] an act making appropriations to supply de-
, ficiencies in the appropriations for the service
, of the Government for the fiscal year ending
, June 30, 1872, and for former years, and for
I other purposes; which was read a first and
! second time, ordered to be printed, and re-
! ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
donald m'kay.
Mr. MOREY also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3031) for the
relief of Donald McKay; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
claims for propbrty destroyed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3032)
for the relief of claimants for property de-
stroyed by the authority of the United States
during the rebellion ; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
joshua webster.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent |
fund to the widow ot Joshua Webster, late a mes- I
senger of the House, a sum equal to his salary to the [
end of the present session of Congress; also, his
proper funeral expenses. |
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, moved to re- I
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
territorial delegates on committees.
Mr. CHAFFEE, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, ordered to be printed, anil
referred to the Committee on the Rules.
Resolved, That the rules of this House bo so
changed as to authorize the Speaker thereof to
appoint one Delegate upon each ol the following
committees, to wit: Indian Affairs, Public Lands,
Mines and Mining, and Private Land Claims; said
Delegates to have the same rights and privileges as
they are entitled to in the House.
internal revenue officers.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back, with amendments from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, House bill No.
29i 4, for the reduction of officers and expenses
of the internal revenue.
| The bill was read at length, as follows :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj I he United States of America in Conyress
assembled, That prior to the day of , 1873, the
offices of assessor and assistant assessor of internal
revenue shall cease to exist; and that upon the ex-
piration of their terms of office, respectively, ail
duties imposed by law on assessors and assistant
assessors, except as hereinafter otherwise provided,
be, and the same are hereby, transferred to and im-
posed upon collectors of internal revenue, to be
performed by themselves or by their deputies ; and
that all returns and reports required by law to be
made to the said assessors and assistant assessors
shall be made to the said collectors, or to their
deputies; and that each of said assessois shall,
prior to the date aforesaid, and at the time set
therefor by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, transfer to such revenue officer as may bo
designated by the Commissionerof Internal Revenue
for that purpose, all books, papere, and other prop-
erty belonging to the Government in his possession,
or in that of any of his assistant assessors, and shall
file with his final account, an inventory thereof in
detail, with the receipt of said revenue officer there-
for ; and from the time set for said transfer, his office
and that of his assistants shall cease: Provided, That
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is hereby
authorized and required thereafter to make the
inquiries, determinations, and assessments of the
following taxes, to wit:
For deficiencies imposed by the provisions of sec-
tion twenty of an act entitled "An act imposing
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, arid for other
purposes," approved July 20, 1868, as amended by
subsequent acts.
Semi-annually, upon the deposits, capital, and
circulation of each person, bank, association, com-
pany, or corporation engaged in the business of
banking imposed by the piovisions of section one
hundred and ten of an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Government
and to pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes," approved June 30, 1864, as amended by
subsequent acts. ,
Upon articles provided for in section five, and in
the first proviso of section fourteen of an act entitled
"An act to amend existing laws relating to internal
revenue, and for other purposes." approved March
2, 1867.
Upon tobacco, snuff, and cigars, provided for in
section sixty of an act entitled "An act imposing
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes," approved July 20, 1868, as amended by
section thirty-one of an act entitled "An act to
reduce duties on imports and to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes," approved June 6.
1872.
Upon legacies and successions, and of all other
internal revenue taxes liable to be assessed, or
accruing under the provisions of former acts: Pro-
vided farther, That the said Commissioner shall
certify such assessments, when made, to the proper
collectors, respectively, who shall proceed to collect
taxes so certified in the same manner as assessments
on lists are now collected.
Sko. 2. That all special taxes imposed by law.
including the tax on stills or worms, shall be paid
by stamps denoting the tax, and the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue is hereby authorized and re-
quired to procure appropriate stamps for the pay-
ment of such taxes ; and the provisions of sections
twenty-six and one hundred and one of an act
entitled "An act imposing taxes on distilled spirits
and tobacco, and for other purposes," approved
July 20, 1868, and all other provisions of law
relating to the preparation and issue of stamps for
distilled spirits, fermented liquors, tobacco, and
cigars, so far as applicable, are hereby extended so
as to include such stamps, and the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue shall have authority to make all
needful rules and regulations relative thereto:
Provided, That every person engaged in any busi-
ness, avocation, or employment, who is thereby
made liable to a special tax, except tobacco, ped-
dlers, shall place and keep conspicuously in his
establishment or place ot business all stamps
denoting the payment of said special tax; and any
