L873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1985
tion is in the exact figures sent to us. The
■■stimates were made upon the actual number
>f persons employed at the rate allowed.
Mr. RANDALL. What amount is esti-
mated to be paid to gangers during the coming
fiscal year ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That was put
in the regular appropriation bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I am aware of that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The exact
amount I do not remember; but I think it was
about one million and a half dollars.
Mr. RANDALL. That is embraced in the
$4,600 appropriated in the legislative bill and
helps to make what I attempted yesterday to
show was an excess of about $1,300,000 be-
yond the amouut necessary to be appropriated.
The Clerk read as follows:
i'or compensation of internal revenue storekeep-
ers for the fiscal year ending Juno 30,1873, $600,000.
Mr. RANDALL. The expense for these
storekeepers last year was about $460,000. I
would like to know why the appropriation this
year is $150,000 more.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] introduced yesterday
some statistics, which 1 have read with some
interest. But there is this qualification to be
attached to that. The gentleman cannot tell
nor can the Department exactly the cost
under the new administration. Of course the
Department expects in good faith a great re-
duction of these expenses. We cannot tell
exactly how much it will be. Taking out the
salaries of assessors and assistant assessors it
may be or may not be an exact test. So we
cannot rely absolutely on those figures, though
they do now at this moment tell what the gen-
tleman says they tell. But there are a thou-
sand incidents growing out of this new admin-
istration of affairs which may qualify them.
They may make a better presentment or they
may make a worse one. It will be hardly
proper to trim down here. It will be better to
leave a margin, if you have confidence in these
public officers that they will not grow extrav-
agant if they have that addition.
Mr. RANDALL. I am glad those figures
have attracted the attention of the gentleman
from Massachusetts. There is another clause
in which I find the expenses of that office of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue for the
last fiscal year were $77,000 more than for
the prior year, notwithstanding during that
year we reduced the taxes enormously.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move the following
amendment:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to ad-
just and pay the account of Robert M. Wallace, for
services as acting collector of internal revenue in
the third district of South Carolina, from the 4th
day of March, 1869, to the 27th day of May, 1870,
3890 28. .
Mr. HALE. I make the point of order on
that amendment. The committee were ex-
ceedingly careful that alt matters in the nature
of private claims should be excluded from
this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the amendment cannot be
received.
The Clerk read as follows :
Territory of Colorado :
For amount due to Edward MeCook, Governor,
oil account of his salary from April 1 to June 30,
1870, as per certificate of the First Comptroller, for
the fiscal year ending June 30,1872, $197 52.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move the following
amendment:
For the amount required to pay the printing ex-
penses for the ninth session of the Legislature con-
vened January 1, 1872, $2,710 64.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For continuing tho construction of thebuiiding
for cusiom-Uousc and post office in New York city,
New York, $500,000.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike that out, as
it is elsewhere provided for.
The motion was agreed to.
42d CoNfl. 3d Sess.—No. 125.
The Clerk read as follows :
WAR DEPARTMENT.
Office of Quartermaster General:
Contingent: for stationery, office furniture, re-
pairs, &e., for the fiscal year 1873, £2,000.
Military establishment, quartermaster's depart-
ment:
Regular supplies: for stoves for heating and cook-
ing fuel for officers, enlisted men, guards, hospitals,
storehouses and offices, forage for the horses, mules,
and oxen of the quartermaster's department at the
several posts and stations, and with the armies in
the field, and for horses of the several regiments of
cavalry and batteries of artillery, and such com-
panies of infantry and scouts as may be mounted,
and for the authorized number of officers' horses,
including bedding for the animals, straw forgoldrers'
bedding, stationery, including blank books for the
quartermaster's department, certificates of dis-
charged soldiers, blank forms for the pay and quar-
termaster's departments, and for the printing of
division and department orders and reports, each
item being for the service of the fiscal year 1872,
$310,000.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Chairman, we have
now come to deficiencies in the War Depart-
ment, which aggregate about $2,800,000, and
I think -it is due to this House we should
have some" explanation from some one con-
nected therewith why this enormous deficiency
exi sts
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Chairman, in the
Army appropriation bill passed one year ago
the chairman of the Committee on appropria-
tions and myself both announced to this House
there would be an inevitable deficiency. You
have a certain number of men, a certain num-
ber of officers ; you have them at various
posts; they have certain absolutely necessary
expenses, and all of these under law have to
be provided for ; but preceding a Presidential
election you undertook to cut the appropria-
tion bill way down beyond what the necessities
of the public service imperatively demanded.
We announced then there would be a defi-
ciency and we announce the same thing now,
and in this bill ask to make provision for that
deficiency. The law had to be executed by
the Secretary of War, and in executing the
law these expenses were incurred, and this
deficiency is required to pay for them. The
Quartermaster General comes before us and
he estimates you have a certain number of
regiments, you have a certain number of
officers, and yet you cut down the appropriation
last year beyond the estimates of the Depart-
ment, beyond the recommendation of the
President of the United States, and the law
has compelled me to carry on this service, and
in carrying on this service these deficiencies
have been created, which it is necessary now
to make good.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman mean
to say that in making out this appropriation
bill last year appropriations were withheld so
as to deceive the people as to the actual ex-
penses of this Department?
Mr. DICKEY. 1 can only repeat what I
said before.
Mr. HOLMAN. Did the gentleman say
that the amount was cut down last year for
thepurpose of deceiving the people, and mak-
ing a good show before the country ?
Mr. DICKEY. I did not.
Mr. H-OLMAN. But that is the truth.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not know about that,
Mr. RANDALL. The deficiencies for the
Army amount to $2,800,000. I would like to
know whether the Army bill we have just been
considering is in excess of the Army bill of last
year by the amount of this deficiency Y
Mr. DICKEY. The bill as passed by the
House was in excess of the bill of last year by
the amount of this deficiency precisely.
Mr. RANDALL. Then the Army bill of this
session is $2,800,000 over that which was
! passed last year.
Mr. DICKEY. The Senate has cut down
some of the items; and you will have another
deficiency next year.
The following paragraph was read:
Mileage, Paymaster General's Office: J?or allow-
ances made to officers of the Army for transporta-
tion of themselves and-thoir baggage when travel-
ing on duty without troops, escort, or supplies, for
fiscal year 1873, $75,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to offer
the following amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the paragraph j ust read the following:
To enable the Secretary of War to pay certain
indebtedness incurred by the officer in charge of
public buildings and grounds in the city of wash-
ington during the fiscal year ending Jane 30,1870, iu
furnishing th« Executive Mansion, $1,495 35.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following paragraph was read:
For surveyor general of California: For rent of
office, tuel, books, stationery, and other incidental
expenses for fiscal year ending June 30,1873, $480 04.
Mr. STEVENSON. I offer the following
amendment:
Add after the paragraph, just read the following;
Provided, That no part of the money hereby ap-
propriated shall be paid to any person who has,
while an officer of or an employe under the United
States, who, during his term of office, shall have
become directly or indirectly interested in the en-
try or purchase of public lands at the land office
where they shall have been employed, or in the
stocks, bonds, or securities of railroad companies to
which public lands or bonds have been granted by
Congress.
Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman wishes
to add that proviso he should say "appro-
priated by this bill."
Mr. STEVENSON. I say " hereby •appro-
priated."
Mr. SARGENT. That merely makes the
proviso apply to the paragraph just read, which
refers to the account for stationery, &c.,in the
surveyor general's office in San Francisco.
If it is made a proviso to this paragraph, I make
the poiut of order that it is not pertinent.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will modify the amend-
ment by striking out " hereby" and inserting
the word " by this bill."
The CHAIRMAN. That modification will
be made.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to say, Mr.
Chairman 
Mr. SARGENT. Do not debate it; let it go.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest that the
gentleman from Ohio attach his amendment to
the paragraph, ending on line four hundred and
five, instead of here.
Mr. DICKEY, It makes no difference
where it goes in.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Commissioner of
Public Lands appeared before the Committee
on the Public Lands, and recommended the
passage of a bill to correct an abuse which
he says prevails to an alarming extent in the
public land service, by which officers become
interested in the purchase of lauds 111 their
own offices, thereby wronging those who wish
to enter 011 or purchase lands. The Committee
on the Public Lands reported the following bill
to remedy this evil, and it was passed by the
House, and is now pending in the Senate:
An act (H. It. No. 2193) to prohibit certain persons
from entering public lands.
Be it enacted, That from and after the passage
of this act it shall not be lawful for any register or
receiver of any United States laud office, or any
United States surveyor general, his wife, or clerk, to
locate or purchase any tract of the public lands of
the United States, or to be directly or indirectly in-
terested therein, or to act directly or indirectly as
agent for the purchase and sale of real estate, land
warrants, or land scrip of any kind; or to act di-
rectly or indirectly as agents for the location of lands
with scrip, warrants, or cash, for any person or per-
sons. That if any such officer, his wife, or clerk,
shall at any time violate the provisions of this act,
such officer or clerk shall he immediately dismissed
from office: Provided, however, That in esse of sii eh
parties holding preemption or homestead claims at
the date of their appointment, it shall be lawful for
them to make proof and complete their claims as
now provided for by law in such cases.
This is, Mr. Chairman, but a part of that
system of interested and selfish action on the
part of officers of the Government. It pene-
trates, I apprehend, more or less all the De-
partments. it is not in Congress only.
I wish in this connection to correct a state-
ment* made the other day by the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Hale.] The record ex-
hibited by me of votes on the resolution of
