62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE.
December 6,
person who shall, through negligence, fail to so
place and keep said stump, shall, upon conviction,
l e s-eiitenced to pay a penalty equal to the special
tax tor which tus business rendered him liable, and
the costs ot prosecution; but in no ease shall said
penally bo less than ten dollars. And where the
t.ulure to comply with the foregoing provision ot'
law sliall be through willful neglect or refusal, then
the penalty shall be double the amount above
prescribed : J'mvided, That nothing contained in
fi.-section shall change or in any way affect the
li ibihty of any person for exorcising or carrying on
an> trade, business, or profession, or doing any act
for the exercising. carrying on, or doing of which a
,-peciul tax is imposed by law without the payment
thereof.
Sec. 1. That each collector of internal revenue
shall, under regulations of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, place and keep conspicuously in his
otliee an alphabetical list of the names ot all persons
who fhall have paid special taxes within his district,
and ^l.ill state thereon the time, place, and busi-
ness for which such special taxes have been paid.
Sec. 4. Tha' section one hundred and ten of an
act entitled "An act to provide internal revenue to
support the Government, to pay interest on the pub-
lie debt, and tor other purposes,"approved June 30,
!<o4, .is subsequently amended, be so amended that
toe returns, therein required to be made shall be
i]M(ie and rendered semi-annually on the 1st day of
December and the 1st day of June, in duplicate, to
the collectors of the proper district, respectively;
one copy of which shall ttien be transmitted by the
collector to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Sec. 5. That the act entitled "An act imposing
taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes," approved July 20, 1868. as amended by
subsequent acts, be further amended as follows,
to wit :
That section five be amended so that the duplicate
statement therein required to be retained by the
assistant assessor of the district shall, from and after
the time when the office of said assistant assessor
«hall cease.be transmitted by the collector to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
That section nineteen be amended so that one of
the duplicate returns therein required to be sent to
the assistant assessor of the district shall, from and
after the time when the office of said assistant
assessor shall cease, be transmitted by the collector
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
That section twenty-eight be so amended that all
of the additional commission of half of one per
centum on the amounts of the tax on distilled spirits
threrein allowed shall hereafter be paid to the col-
lector receiving tbetax.
That section fifty be so amended as to authorize
the appointment of fifty revenue agents.
Thatsection fifty-nine be so amended that in case
any peddler refuses to exhibit a proper certificate
lrom the collector of his or her district, and fails to
show cause why the property seized shall not be for-
feited, proceedings for its forfeiture shall be taken
and had under the general provisions of the inter-
nal revenue laws relating to forfeitures.
That section one hundred and three be so amended
that its provisions are extended and made applicable
to the provisions of this act.
_ Sf.c. 6. That section forty-three of an act entitled
An act to reduce duties on imports and to rcduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes," approved
June 6,1872, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
The amendments reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means were read, as fol-
lows:
In section one strike out the words " prior to the
— day of , 1873,"and insert the words, " on the 1st
day of July, 1873, or at such time prior thereto as
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may find
practicable."
Amend the fourth paragraph of section five by
i.dd.ng the following:
" Provided, That the total net compensation of
?<•"lecora as now fixed by law shall not be thereby
increased."
Strike out the fifth paragraph of section five, as
follows:
"That section fifty be so amended as to authorize
the appointment of fifty revenue agents."
Mr. DAWES. I move to recommit the bill
and amendments.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to submit a word or
tvo in explanation of this measure.
Mr. L. MYERS. I would like to move an
amendment.
Mr. DAWES.
the bill.
Mr. L. MYERS. Will the gentleman yield
to me to offer an amendment?
Mr. DAWES. I wish to explain the bill.
Section forty-three of the act of June 6, 1872,
requires the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, on or before the 1st day of January next,
to reduce the whole number of collection dis
tricts to eighty, and to discharge all the col-
lectors and assessors except one for each of
those eighty districts. The bill now proposed
is designed as a substitute for that section.
The idea embraced in this measure has been
I should like to explain
long entertained in the Treasury Department,
and something of this kind has been looked
forward to as an ultimate amendment to exist-
ing laws by all the Commissioners of Internal
Revenue since the prospect of a reduction of
that revenue has oome to be in any measure
realized. In the law of June last, following
the precedents of previous laws, one after
another of the sources of internal revenue was
cut oil', until scarcely anything save the tax
upon liquors and tobacco was left. The pro-
vision of the forty-third section was adopted
with some hesitation on the part of the De-
partment and the committee, who saw the
difficulties necessarily connected with it, and
who felt also the absolute necessity of cutting
down the machinery and the expenses of col-
lecting the internal revenue, along with a
reduction of the taxes themselves. A faithful
attempt on the part of the Department to exe-
cute that provision of the law has satisfied the
Department that in the first place the provision
is next to impracticable. It reduces the col-
lection districts to one third of the present
number, making them therefore in area three
times as large, and as at the same time it reduces
the number of officials in the district, it will
withdraw a large area of country from the
surveillance or pnUce of the tax-gatherer and
of the executive branch of the Government
to such an extent as in the view of the inter-
nal revenue department, the Treasury Depart-
ment, and all who have any practical expe-
rience in the matter, will invite and facilitate
evasions of the internal revenue law.
Further than that, sir, it is found, upon a
careful examination of the law, that this pro-
vision will not effect any such reduction in
expenditure as was hoped and expected and
even promised by the committee who reported
the bill embracing that provision. Therefore,
looking to the efficiency of the service and
fidelity in the collection of the internal rev
enue, the measure does not meet the expecta-
tion of the Department or of the Committee
of Ways and Means. And when we turn to
the question of economy, it does not quite
come up to the expectation of the committee
in that respect. Hence the attention of the
committee, as well as of the Department, has
been directed to the idea which has been en-
tertained for some time among those having
experience in this matter, that the time might
early come for simplifying the present ma-
chinery of collecting the internal revenue, as
compared with that which was adopted at the
time ourinternal revenue law was first enacted.
At that time we were forced, without expe-
rience in the raising of internal revenue, with-
out any adequate precedents in our own legis-
lation or that of any other country, to devise
a system of internal revenue that would search
for every possible source and subject of taxa-
ation that would yield revenue to contribute
to the absolute necessities of the Government.
That law as originally framed, with such
amendments as were suggested upon putting
it into practical operation, is a work that has
met the approbation of all financiers who have
examined it. The result was that it reached
every industry, every object and subject of
taxation in the whole land. By the aid of
that law the tax-gatherer, like the east wind,
searched the very bones and marrow of every
industry and enterprise in the country, draw-
ing from them contributions to the necessities
of the nation. About $310,000,000 annually
were thus brought from internal sources of tax-
ation and contributed to meet the expenditures
of this Government.
But, sir, as the war ended, and as the calls for
this enormous expenditure became unneces-
sary, gradually by amendment have these
subjects of taxation been relieved from the
burden, and the industries of the country have
one after another risen up from the burdens
thus imposed on them, relieved by the better
condition of this country. And under the
amendment of this law now not one third of
the money once annually collected out of the
people is drawn from the sources of intern il
revenue. And all the subjects of taxation liuvo
one after another been relieved until substan-
tially nothing contributes to the internal tax
of the country but liquors and tobacco. A
few other sources of taxation slill exist whii h
the committee hope before the close of the
session to relieve even from their small eo: t: i-
bution. So that. at. the commencement of ihe
next fiscal year they hope to present the in-
ternal revenue system as taxing only liquors
and tobacco.
When this was first enacted the machinery
of collectors and of assessors was absolutely
necessary. Indeed, the assessor was the chief
and most important officer in the machinery
of the Government. He was to some extent
a judicial officer. He is and has been in the
main a judicial officer. It, was upon his faith-
ful and his judicious action in the discharge
of his duties that the main efficiency of the
law depended. The collector could be held
to the performance of his duties by bond.
The assessor depended on something for the
discharge of his duties that a bond could not
hold ; but now, sir, all that has passed away.
In the collection of the taxes under the laiv
of June 6, 1872, there is comparatively nosh-
ing for an assessor to do. The most assessing
he has to do is the deficiency tax, as it is called,
upon distilleries. When the distiller monthly
makes his report the assessor's duty is to see to
it that that return corresponds with his capacity
tax, as it is called, and if it falls short he ha3
to reassess it. In point of practice he takes
these papers and sends them to the depu.it-
ment here at Washington, and five sixths of
them are readjusted here in the depari merit,
and the amount of reassessment is returned
from the department to the collector after the
papers have been sent here for revisal. There
is no reason, therefore, why that duty cannot
precisely as well be done in the first instance
by the department as to be done on reference
from the assessor.
All the other taxes are now substantially
collected by stamps, which may be sold as con-
veniently as postage stamps are now sold.
Therefore, the function of the assessor lias
comparatively passed away. It is no reflec-
tion on him. It arises from improvements in
the method of taxation, and more than any-
thing else in the reduction of the one thou-
sand or more diverse and multiplied sources
from which in the original enactment of this
law taxes were sought. Now, simplicity as
well as reduction has led public sentiment to
direct the tax should be drawn from these two
sources which I have just mentioned, and the
machinery has come to be so simple that a
vast reduction of the force is absolutely neces-
sary with any regard to public economy. The
proposition in the existing law, which must be
enforced before the 1st day of January next,
requires the reduction of the number of dis-
tricts to one third of the present number. It
keeps up precisely the same machinery of
assessor and collector and all the machinery
under the assessor, while at the same time it
withdraws two thirds of the tax-pavers a fur-
ther distance from the collector or assessor,
as there is to be put three districts in one,
whereas before there was one in each of those
three congressional districts.
So whenever it may be necessary for the
tax-payer to communicate with the officer who
is enforcing the law, his is, in the majority of
instances, withdrawn this distance from him,
and in many of the districts would impose a
most grievous burden on him. In cities like
New York and Philadelphia, and perhaps
Boston, that might not be felt to be any con-
siderable inconvenience to the tax-payers, but
in older districts, in districts in the western
eountry which extend over a large territory,
and in most of the country districts, it seems,
