1986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. Dawes, December 17, 1807, and that'
exhibited by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Hale,] of votes on the Washburne reso-
lution. May 12, 1808, show that Mr. Blaine
voted with Mr. Ames in favor of the road
in December, and with Mr. Washburne
against the road in^ May. The testimony
taken by the Poland committee shows that
Mr. Ames's assignment of stock were made
in December. In his letter to MeComb,
January 25, 18G8, Mr. Ames says he has
assigned to " one from Maine." The list he
gave McComb, February 1, 1868, begins,
" Blaine, of Maine, 3,000." The testimony
of Mr. Blaine shows that in the spring of
1868 he declined Mr. Ames's proposition.
Thus it appears that when the proposition
was pending he voted with Ames in favor of
the road, and wheu it was abandoned he voted
with Mr. Washburne against the road 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Stevenson; and on a division there
were—ayes 8, noes 45 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stevenson
and Mr. Hale, were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes five, noes not counted,
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Fur the building for the penitentiary in Wyoming
Territory, being amount of deficiency in the pio-
ceeds of internal revenue sot apart for this purpose,
for the liscal year ending Juno 30,1871, $13,196 77.
Mr. DUNNELL. I move to add after that
paragraph the following:
For throe female copyists, in the Bureau of Educa-
tion. during the remainder of the present fiscal year,
$1,300.
Mr. HALE. 1 must make the point of
order on that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the amendment is ruled
out.
The Clerk read as follows:
EXTENSION Of CAPITOL GROUNDS.
Squares six hundred and eighty-seven and six
hundred and eighty-eight:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pur-
chase from the owners thereof all the remaining
real estato and improvements thereon in square
numbered six hundred and eighty-eight, in the city
of Washington, nocessary to be taken to complete
the purchase of said square, and of square numbered
MX hundred and eighty-seven, in said city, author-
ized by sections six, seven, eight, nine, ten, and
eleven of an act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes," approved.
J\Iu.y 8,1872, the sum of $284,199 15 is hereby appro-
priated : Provided, That such real estato and im-
provements shall be purchased at the prices fixed
in the report of the commissioners appointed by the
supreme court of the District of Columbia to ap-
praise the value of such property, made to said
court on the 12th day of July, 1872, and confirmed by
said court, on the 16th day ol October, in said year:
J'rowidedfurther, That the Secretary of the Interior
is hereby authorized to sell at public auction such
materials in the buildings in said squares, numbered
six hundred and eighty-seven and six hundred and
eigety-eight, as are not necessary for the public
works in this District: and from the proceeds of such
sales shall bo paid, by the Secretary of the Interior,
ail actual and necessary charges for advertising,
auctioneer's fees, extra clerical labor, services of
commissioners for appraising the property aforesaid,
and such other expenses as may have been incident
to and occasioned by the appraisement and pur
chase of the real estate and improvements in the
 quave  heieinbefore named, and the sales ot the
materials in the buildings thereon; the remainder
of sueh proceeds, after payment of all such charges
and oxpensos, to bo applied to the improvement and
extension of the Capitol grounds: Provided, That
jio money thus obtained or herein appropriated
shall be used for changing the grade of the park
east of the Capitol.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out that
paragraph. We appropriated $400,000 for
this purpose during the last session of Con-
gress, and now it is proposed to appropriate in
addition to that $284,099 15. I thought, Mr.
Chairman, that Congress ought not to have made
that appropriation of §400,000 ; but certainly
there is a kind of fraud practiced on the
country in this mode of making appropria-
tions. You first appropriate a sum which you
make the limit of the expenditure, and then
you make that the basis upon which further
appropriations are to be made.
I object to any more appropriations being
made for this purpose, and I wish to call the
attention of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Hale] to this feature of the bill which is
different from almost any other legislation
we have had. This provision authorizes the
Commissioner on the Public Buildings to
make sale of this pioperty and expend the
amoant received therefor at bis own option.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman will observe
that .the bill reads that the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized to sell at public
auction sueh materials, &c. He will find it on
line four hundred and forty-nine.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well; the Secretary
of the Interior is authorized to make this
expenditure.
Now, usually in sales of public property you
require-the proceeds of such sales to be covered
into the Treasury, but here you authorize the
sales to be made and all the expenses thereof
to be paid out of the fund,received from such
sale without its being covered into the Treas-
ury at all, and without any new. appropriation
you authorize the expenditure of the balance.
Now, I do not know what the value of this
property may be, but I should suppose, when
you remember that yo.u are to pay over
$600,000 for the ground and the materials
upon it, that the materials must be of some
considerable value, including a large number
ofhouses, and yet you allow it to be under the
control of a single officer and allow him to
expend the money without any appropriation
at all. 1 hoped that when we appropriated
$-100,000 for this piece of extravagance, for this
mere embellishment of the public grounds, not
required by any pressing public necessity, that
would have been the end of it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE. So far as the large item in this
paragraph is concerned, it is a simple neces-
sity, as we have embarked in this enterprise
of buying land and improving it for the use
of the Government.
So far as the proviso to which the gentleman
from Indiana has called the attention of the
committee is concerned, I recognize the force
of his objection.
The only reason that an exception has been
made in this case to the otherwise general
policy adopted upon appropriation bills, that
of turning all avails of sales into the Treasury,
is that the amount which will be derived from
these sales must necessarily bo small. This
gives no authority to sell land, but only the
structures on these lots, and the material that
may be upon them. That is not valuable. It
will be so small a matter incident upon the
occupation and improvement of the land that
this proviso has been inserted, contrary, as I
have said, to the ordinary policy of Congress.
It will necessarily be so limited in amount that
there can be no practical abuse growing out
of it. I agree with the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Holman] that the general rule is
good and ought not to be broken into; but
under such circumstances as surrounds this
case, an.d where the amount is so limited, there
can practically be no abuse; otherwise I would
not be in favor of it. That is the real explan-
ation of the case.
The question was taken upon the motion to
strike out, and it was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to defray
the expenses incurred in executing the provisions
of the eighth section of the act approved June 25,
1860, entitled "An act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses ot the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1861," being for the examina-
tion of titles, surveys, plats, and appraisement,
forming the basis of the purchase by the United
States of squares numbered 087 and 688, in the city
of Washington, District of Columbia, the sum of
S7.000, or so much thereof as is necessary, is hereby
appropriated.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out this
paragraph, for the purpose of obtaining, if
possible, some explanation of it. It proposes
to appropriate $7,000 for the examination of
titles, surveys, plats, &c., of a couple of squares
of ground east of the Capitol. I hope some
explanation will be given of that. It would
cost a private citizen perhaps $100 at the out-
side.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. Under a sec-
tion of the law to which reference is made in
this paragraph the district attorney was re-
quired, in 1861, just before the war broke out,
to make the examination of titles and plats
and everything neoessary to ascertain the ex-
act condition of four squares in the vicinity
of the Capitol, with a view of condemning
them and appropriating them for the use of
the extension of the Capitol grounds.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand my col-
league to say that that was in 18611
Mr. NIBLACK, pf Indiana. It was the act
of June 25, 1860.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I trust my colleague
will allow me now to interpose a point of order
on this paragraph. I supposed it was for an
examination made during the current year, not
for one twelve or fifteen years ago.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is
made too late.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. Under this
requirement of law,' the presiding district at- •
torney proceeded to have surveys and maps
made of every lot or part of lot within those
four squares, and also employed attorneys for
the purpose of examining the title, the exam-
ination going back to the time when the scat
of Government was first located here, and
extending from that time to 1861, giving a
brief abstract of title for every lot or part
of lot. I have been told that in some in-
stances that required the examination of at
least fifty different conveyances. Under- this
provision of law these bills were incurred,
amounting to somewhere in the neighborhood
of $7,000.'
The war broke out, and the Government did
not proceed further in the matter, made no
appropriation in regard to this subject, and the
whole subject slumbered until last year, when
we appropriated the money in part to purchase
two squares of ground near the Capitol. It is
now proposed to appropriate this sum of money
to enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay
these bills. Of-course we do not pretend to
say how much of the bills charged may be
reasonable or unreasonable. We leave it to
him to determine what should be paid for
those surveys. If anything is left after they
are paid for, of course it will be returned to
the Treasury. This is as just a proposition as
anything can be.
The committee rose informally, and the
Speaker resumed the chair.
legislative, etc., appropkiation bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires at this
time to announce the conferees on the part of
the House upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses upon the bill (H. R. No. 2091)
making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1874, and
for other purposes. There are several points
of difference between the two Houses of
exceeding importance. It is the duty of the
Chair to adjust the conference so as to repre-
sent those points upon which tlie House most
earnestly insist. The three points of differ-
ence especially involved are the subject of
salaries of members and other officers, what
is styled the Morrill amendment, and the pro-
vision in regard to the Pacific railroad. The
Chair thinks that so far as he can analyze the
votes of the House on those propositions that
the following conferees will fairly represent
the views of the House on the various ques-
tions : Mr. Garfield of Ohio, Mr. Butleh
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Randal'.of Penn-
, sylvania.
