1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1987
army appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER also announced the ap-
pointment of Mr. Dickey, Mr. Coeorn, and
Mr. Palmmi as conferees on the part of the
House upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the Army appropriation bill.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union resumed its session.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
HoIjMan to amend by striking out the fol-
•lowing:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to defray
the expenses incurred in executing the provisions
of the eighth section of the act approved June 26,
186(1, entitled "An act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30,1861," being for the examina-
tion of titles, surveys, plats, and appraisement,
forming the basis of the purchase by the United
States of squares numbered .six hundred and eighty-
seven and six hundred and eighty-eight, in the city
of Washington, District of Columbia, the sum of
$7,000, or so much thereof as is necessary, is hereby
appropriated.
Air. HOLMAN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out $7,000 and insert-
ing $5,000. As the House will observe, this
is an old claim which in the days of moderate
economy was not paid. That is all there is
about it. At a time when the expenses of
the Government were vastly less than now, and
when your Treasury was fullot money, as was
the ease when the act referred to was passed,
this claim was not paid. After a period of
twelve years the claim turns up; and the
Committee on Appropriations allow it to ap-
pear, by asserting nothing t,o the contrary,
that this is a deficiency. Now 1 hold that
the Committee on Appropriations, one of the
leading committees of this House, is bound to
observe good faith toward members of the
House ; and when the committee chooses to
report an old claim accruing twelve years ago,
it was due to members that the fact should
appear upon the face of the proposition that
it was not a deficiency but a claim of twelve
years'' standing, livery gentleman on this
floor, i submit, should vote to strike out
this clause, because we were debarred from
the opportunity to make a pomt ot order
upon it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not care
very much about this paragraph one way or
the other ; I shall be satisfied whether the
House strikes it out or retains it. But I can-
not allow to pass unchallenged the intimation
that the Committee ou Appropriations have
taken the House by surprise, and smuggled
in a claim upon an appropriation bill. Now,
I ask attention to the fact, (and on this point
1 can call the gentleman from ludiana himself
as a witness,} that in the thirteen bills that
have been reported byus not one claim of any
sort whatever (unless this be an exception)
has been presented to the House. 1'his PJ°"
vision, in one of its aspects, may be called a
claim, and perhaps it might have been ruled
out on a point of order, although 1 have doubt
ou that point. • But we are now making pay-
ment for some public squares ; and under the
law we are required to pay the expenses con-
nected with the sale or transfer of this prop-
erty to the United States. One item^of the
expense was the original investigation of titles,
which was made under a commission ap-
pointed by Congress in 1800. 1 hold in my
hand a report of a committee ot a former
Congress, submitting the report of those com-
missioners. I have also a letter from llie Sec-
retary of the Interior forwarding the b"W
which these gentlemen rendered for services
in examining titles, and thus exhibiting, for
the benefit of the Government, its full right
to the property it was buying. All the work
done by these gentlemen has been used m
making the transfers withm the last few
mouths. This bill of £7,000, winch we now
propose to pay, is directly ior the cost of ex
amming titles and making transfers connec-ed
with this very piece of public property that
the Government is now purchasing.
The committee, therefore, did not consider
this in the nature of a claim disconnected with
the purposes of an appropriation bill. A sub-
committee, of which the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Niblack] was chairman, ex-
amined the matter carefully and thoroughly,
aud reported unanimously that this provision
was properly germane to this bill, and as such
it was inserted.
Mr. HOLMAN. Were not these services
performed by a public officer receiving salary—
the district attorney ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not at all.
Lawyers were employed to examine titles, and
it is this class of service we are now asked to
pay for. I hope we shall have a vote. I
do not care much which way it goes; but I
want the Committee of the Whole to know
that the Committtee on Appropriations will
report no claim.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out
"seven thousand" and insert "one thou-
sand."
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 40, noes 65.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The House then refused to strike out the
paragraph.
Mr. KERR. I move the following amend-
ment :
To pay for five hundred copies of the published
proceedings of the international prison reforio con-
gress, which assembled in London in July, 1872, for
tlie'use of the commissioner of the United States to
that congress, $1,600.
Mr. HALE. I make the point of order on
that amendment that there is no law author-
izing it.
Mr. KERR. I hope the gentleman from
Maine will permit the letter of the Secretary
of State to be read.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the gentleman from
Maine to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. HALE. No; I cannot.
The Clerk read as follows:
Miscellaneous:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay
Zebulon B. Sturges, assistant secretary to sign pat-
ents of public lands for the President, forthemonths
of June, July, August, and September, 1872, $500.
Mr. WILSON , of Indiana. I move to insert
the following after what has just been read.
The Clerk read as follows:
To pay Alexander Lynch for services rendered by
him as clerk of the select committee to inquire into
matters connected with the Union l aciiic Railroad
Company and Credit Mobilier, appointed pursuant
to House resolution of January 6,18/3, 3400.
Mr. ARCHER. Is not that gentleman in
the employment of the House already? I
think we pass all his bills.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. He has done
an immense amount of work, which ought to
be paid for, and there is no other way of
doing it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay
place, and when completed the money had
been covered into the Treasury, and it is
necessary to make this provision in order that
he may be paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, for the construction of a wagon-road, by
which supplies may be transported from a point on
the Northern Pacific railway, in the State of Minne-
sota, known as Red Lake crossing, to the Red Lake
branch of the agency for- the Chippewa Indians of
the Mississippi, $5,000.
Mr. DUELL. Mr. Chairman, I move in
line five hundred and three to insert the fol-
lowing:
To enable the joint Committee on the Library to
purchase of Mr. F. B. Carpenter, for the use of
Congress, the painting known as the First Reading
of the .Emancipation Proclamation, the sum of
$20,000.
Mr. CREBS. I make the point of order on
that amendment that there is no law for it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair knows of
no warrant in* law for the purchase of this
picture. The point of order is therefore well
taken.
Mr. BINGHAM. The House contracted
for this picture by resolution.
The CHAIRMAN. A-resolution of this
House is not law. Objection being made the
amendment is ruled out.
The Clerk read as follows:
Indian Bureau:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized and directed to transfer from the proceeds
of sale of the Osage Indian lands in Kansas, made
in accordance with the twelfth section of the act of
Congress approved July 15,1870, thesum of $1,650,600.
or so much thereof as may be necessary, and to place
the same on the books of his Department to the
credit of the Cherokee Indians, in accordance with
the acts of Congress approved June 5,1872, entitled
"Ari act to confirm to the Great and Little Osago
Indians a reservation in the Indian Territory," and
the actsot Congress and treaties therein mentioned
and referred to, whenever the amount to be so trans-
ferred shall be certified to the said Secretary of the
Treasury by the Secretary of the Interior. And the
Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized to
draw from the Treasury, by requisition in due form,
the amount so transferred, and invest the sarao iu
United States registered stocks, in accordance with
the provisions of the twenty-third article of the
Cherokee treaty of July It), 1866.
Mr. SARGENT. I move at the end of line
five hundred and twenty-six to insert the
following:
Provided further. Nothing herein contained shall
be eoustrued as in any way changing the provisions
of section four of the act making appropriations tor
ihc current and contingent expenses of the Indian
Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes for the year ending June
30,1874, and for other purposes.
The amendment was agreed to.
John W?Wright tor" rent" of "building, under lease
dated May 20, 1870, §13,500 ; and to pay John W.
Wriu'ht and Thomas Lewis for rent ol buildings,
under lease dated June 2.1870, $l,o00, making the
total sum of $15,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the committee to report the following
amendment, to come in line four hundred and
eighty-eight:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay to
John \V Wright for building under laws dated Jane
■I, 1S70, $2,600.
Mr. Chairman, there
rented from him, but before the rents were j
paid some charges were brought against him j
for having defrauded the Government when ;
in the Indian service. The payment of these j
rents was suspended until an investigation j
could take place. The investigation has taken ;
The following paragraph was read :
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to make up deficiency in the appropria-
tion tor the fiscal year ending June 30, 18|3, tor the
Fubdisteneo and support of " Sioux of difforeut
tribes, including Santee Sioux m the State ot Ne-
braska, and Poncas in the great Sioux reservation,
and families of Santee Dakota Sioux, who have
taken homesteads at or near Fiandreau, m Dakota
Territory/' $350,000.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I move to amend
by striking out $350,000 and inserting $100,000.
1 do this for the purpose of saying that it
seemed to me we have made enormous ex-
penditures already in the Indian Bureau. We
have appropriated now, I believe, b6,000,000.
Is that not so?
Mr. SARGENT. About that.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Last year we
appropriated $7,000,000. And we are going
on with these Indian expenditures to such au
extent, and making what appeared to be such
extravagant appropriations, that last week,
i after examining this bill, I made a good deal
were two buildings |i of complaint about it to one of the Indian
comniissioiiers? Mr. Welsh, of Philadelphia.
That gentleman in consequence has sent me a
letter which he requested me to have read, or
to read it myself. I promised him that that
should be done, aud I have merely risen for
the purpose of having it done. As Mr. Welsh
