1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1027
representatives, under the act of Congress of
February 17, 1815; and moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the same, that it be laid on the
table, and that the report of the committee
thereon be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION.
Mr. MARSHALL, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill (H. E. No.
3737) making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending
June 30, 1874; which was read "a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, made a
special order for Tuesday next after the morn-
ing hour, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RANDALL. I reserve all points of
order.
UNITED STATES SHIPS WYOMING AND TAKIANG.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No.
3736) for the relief of the officers and crew
of the United States ships Wyoming and
Ta Kiang; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of State to sell so many of the
registered bonds of the United States, now
under his control, belonging to the Japanese
indemnity fund, as shall realize $125,000, and
shall pay the proceeds of the same to the Sec-
retary of the Navy, who shall cause the whole
amount thereof to be distributed among the
officers and crew of the United States ship
Wyoming, and officers and crew who manned
the Ta Kiang on the 5th, 6th, 7th and 8th of
S eptember, 1864, the same to be distributed
as sea pay to the officers and crew attached
to the Wyoming according to the pay-roll of
the ship on the 16th of July, 1863 ; and to the
officers and crew detached from the United
States ship Jamestown, and who manned the
Ta Kiang, according to the pay-roll of the ship
on the 5th, 6th, 7th and 8th of September, 1864;
provided that the provisions of this act shall
be held and taken to be in full satisfaction for
all bounty, or claim for bounty, on the part of
the officers and crews aforesaid, under any and
all existing laws of the United States or regu-
lations of the Navy Department, for the de-
struction of piratical vessels at Simoniseki, on
the 10th of July, 18G3, and bombarding the
forts erected at the Straits of Simoniseki, in
September, 1864. And if any of the officers
or crews shall have received any bounty for
their service, the same shall be deducted from
the amount to be paid such officer or seamen
under the provisions of this act; that no money
shall be paid to any assignee of the mariner
entitled to the same, but only to the mariner
or his duly authorized attorney in fact, or, in
case of his decease, to his legal representa-
tives, excluding any such assignee.
Mr. WOOD. Is there a report in this case?
Mr. ARCHER. There is, and I ask that it
be read.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This bill makes
an appropriation, and I ask that it be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. ARCHER. That point of order does
not lie against this bill, as it appropriates no
money out of the Treasury.
The SPEAKER. The point of order does
not lie against this bill; it simply directs the
Secretary of State to sell bonds which are
under his control as a part of the Japanese
indemnity fund.
The report was read.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman from Maryland if this bill comes
before the House with the recommendation of
the Navy Department?
Mr. ARCHER. It has been recommended
by very many of the naval officers.
Mr. DAWES. I mean officially.
Mr. ARCHER. No, sir, not officially ; no
application has ever been made to the Secre-
tary of the Navy in regard to it.
Mr. DAWES. It occurs to me that the
Navy Department has the interests of the
Navy, including the Wyoming, so near at
heart that it is its business to see that absolute
justice is done to all in the Navy for all that
they do. It would seem, therefore, that this
matter should receive some sort of considera-
tion by the Navy Department.
Mr. ARCHER. These bonds have passed
from the Navy Department and from the
Treasury Department into the hands of the
Secretary of State.
Mr. DAWES. I am aware that that fund
has been placed under the charge of the Sec-
retary of State.
Mr. ARCHER. The Committee on Naval
Affairs thought, with all due deference to the
Secretary of the Navy, that they were as com-
petent to judge of the propriety of this action
as the Secretary of the Navy himself.
Mr. DAWES. I have no doubt that the
Committee on Naval Affairs are as able to
judge of this matter as the Secretary of the
Navy; I have no doubt of that, and perhaps
they would judge better. But nevertheless
this is a Government of parts, and it seems to
me that if the Naval Committee, in whom I
have the utmost confidence, should, without
regard to the general system of the govern-
ment of the Navy Department, set to work
picking out meritorious vessels and officers and
say that these ought to have prize money and
those ought not, it would seem like taking out
of the hands of the Department a matter
which properly belongs to it. I do not know
anything of the merits of this case.
Mr. COGHLAN. This bill has met the
approval of three Committees on Naval Affairs,
two in the Senate and one in the House.
Mr. DAWES. That makes it better, but
does not answer my inquiry.
Mr. HIBBARD. I make the point of order
that this is not a private bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is a
private bill inasmuch as it applies solely to
persons who are named on the pay-roll of the
Navy, which is the same as if they were named
in the bill.
Mr. WOOD. I think the gentleman from
Maryland is entirely mistaken in supposing
that this fund has ever been in the hands of the
Navy Department or the Treasury Department.
It is in the State Department, where it was
originally placed by the Japanese Government,
and if the House will recall the history of the
fund I think it will see at a glance that what-
ever reward the officers of this ship may be
entitled to, it should not come out of that
fund. It will be recollected that the Japanese
Government ten or eleven years ago was seri-
ously attacked by a rebellious prince, and that
that rebellious prince came very near over-
turning the Government and the empire. The
Japanese Government then called upon four
national vessels lying in Japanese waters, one
Dutch, one French, one English, and one
American, to aid the Government in preserving
its national integrity. Those four vessels of
four different nations interfered and finally
conquered this rebellious prince, put down the
rebellion, and preserved to the Japanese Gov-
ernment its empire and its sovereignty. As a
reward for this, the Japanese Government
voluntarily gave to those four Governments a
very large sum of money. We had made no
demand for indemnity. Our Government had
not expended one dollar beyond the expense
attending this assault made by our man-of-war
lying, for the time being, in the waters of
Japan. But notwithstanding that none of the
Governments made any application for indem-
nity, the Japanese Government voluntarily
agreed to pay over a very large sum. She
agreed to pay it in three installments. The
first installment was paid.
As has been properly stated by the report
ot the committee, which has been read, some
six or seven hundred thousand dollars, I
believe, was paid into the hands of the Secre-
tary of State. This House at its last session
passed a bill reported from the Committee on
foreign Affairs to relinquish all claims upon
the Japanese Government for the balance of
the sum which they volunteered to give, this
Government being satisfied with the amount
now in our hands, and which I understand is
held subject to the future action of Congress.
We have had various propositions made here
for the disposal of this fund. One is to devote
it to the education of interpreters in order the
better to protect our interests in the court of
Japan, bv educating men in the Japanese and
Chinese languages, as has been done by the
English and Dutch for the last hundred years.
There is also a proposition to hold this fund
subject to any demand which our citizens may
have occasion hereafter to make for injuries
inflicted upon our commerce by the Japanese
Government or people.
As I understand this bill, it is a proposition
to take a portion of this fund, to the extent of
one hundred thousand dollars or more, to re-
ward the officers and crew of the vessel referred
to in the bill and report. I doubt, myself,
whether it is proper to do so. I think that we
have no right to make any such disposition of
this money. We should either return it to the
Japanese Government entirely, and without,
condition, or use it for educating interpreters,
by the establishment of some institution under
American auspices in Japan, for the further-
ance of our commerce and trade, to make our
agents sufficiently acquainted with the Japanese
and Chinese languages to be able to act as in-
terpreters between the people of those coun-
tries and our merchants, traders, and consuls.
I think, however, that our own citizens may
hereafter suffer damages and losses for which
this fund may be applied. Therefore 1 think
we have other ways to dispose of this fund
than to take this large amount for a purpose
for which, in my judgment, we are not author-
ized to take it.
Mr. ARCHER. I now yield to the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Coghlax] for a few
minutes.
Mr. COGHLAN. The objection of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] that
the Navy Department does not recommend the
passage of this bill, is not, I think, a valid
objection. The Navy Department has nothing
at all to do with this fund. This bill proposes
that Congress shall do an equitable act, and
that payment shall be made out of a fund over
which the Navy Department has no control.
In 1868 the American ship Pembroke, while
passing through the straits of Simoniseki, was
fired into by the Japanese. It was in the night
time ; the batteries on the shore and three ves-
sels owned by the Japanese Government at-
tacked the Pembroke. They dismantled her.
But, it being in the night time, she escaped.
Then, by order of the State Department, the
Wyoming was sent there to attack the forts,
and open up the straits, which the commerce
of the East demanded should be free. There
was no American vessel except the Wyoming
which could be brought into requisition ; the
European Powers made no offer to assist us
at all, and the gallant crew and officers of the
Wyoming, for whose benefit this bill is to be
passed, were willing to go into this fight,
knowing that if they were defeated they mast
suffer the most inhuman death. They were
willing to go into the fight, with eight guns, to
attack thirty-four guns of larger calibre distrib-
uted judiciously in the Japanese forts and on
board three Japanese vessels. Notwithstanding
all that, they went there, attacked and disman-
tled the forts and sunk the vessels.
Through that act of gallantry on the part of
the American officers and seamen, this fund
was obtained from the Japanese Government.
