1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
They now ask that they shall be paid the
amount which would have been secured to
them as prize money under ordinary circum-
stances. Under the prize law it is impossible
for them to receive one dollar for that gallant
deed. It was at a time when the great rebel-
lion was in progress here, and when it was
almost impossible for the Government to spare
other than an inadequate force in the Pacific
waters. The vessels were sunk, and therefore
could not be disposed of as prizes. They were
destroyed; and although, under the prize law,
the Wyoming crew cannot receive one dollar
from the Government, yet, in equity and jus-
tice, this Congress should pay them the amount
which they would have received had they been
able to capture the vessels instead of sinking
them.
This money is not to come out of the Treas-
ury of the United States. Not a dollar of it
comes from the people of this country. This
money was obtained by the deeds of these very
men. It is money that belongs to them, if it
belongs to anybody at all. It is distinct and
separate irom any other moneys in the Treas-
ury of the United States. It seems to me the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wood,] if
he will consider for a moment, will see that
it would certainly be using this money to the
advantage of trade and commerce if we repay
these men for reopening the commerce of
the East to all the world when it had been en-
tirely closed by that semi-barbarous nation,
the Japanese.
I ask the House to consider this question as
a matter of equity. It seems to me much bet-
ter to pay these American officers and seamen
for what they did than to pay the Japanese
Government for what it did in firing into an
American ship. It may be all very well to
educate the Japanese—I like to see education
going on in all countries ; but it does seem to
me superhumanitariau, if I may use the word,
that these men who risked their lives and
spilled their blood should be denied the same
allowance which the officers and crew of any
other vessel would receive as prize money, in
order thatthc money may go toanation of semi-
barbarians, from whom it was wrung by the
bravery and heroism of these very men, and
may be devoted to the education of Japanese
youth.
Let us educate our own people. Let these
officers and men be enabled to educate their
own children by means of this money justly due
tliera from our people, instead of sending it
back to the Japanese as a reward for their
treachery. I see I am taking more time than
I am entitled to, and will only say one word
more. I do not wish to take up the time of
the House in the discussion of a matter so well
understood as this is, but I ask the House to
look at it in this view. There is 110 sectional
feeling involved here. These were American
seamen upholding the honor of the American
flag before a semi-barbarous country. They
were ordered by the Government to do an
act which, if they bad failed, would have
entailed upon them a most bloody and bar-
barous death. They went there with this
vessel, and succeeded 111 destroying the vessels
that opposed them, and in dismantling or
silencing the enemy's forts, thus placing the
belligerent Power at the mercy of the com-
bined fleet which afterward attacked it. To
these American officers and seamen it is alone
due that this indemnity fund now exists 111 our
Department of State. Let us then first do
justice to the survivors of this gallant battle,
and to the widows and orphans of those who
have passed away, and then in my judgment
it will be time enough to educate the children
of those whose treachery caused the necessity
for the gallant deed we are to-day trying to
reward.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ARCHER. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Willabd.]
Mr. WILLARD. I have no disposition to
underrate in the least the gallant service that
may have been performed by the officers and
crew of the American frigate Wyoming; but
I do object to their being compensated for that
work out of this Japanese fund; for we hold
it for 110 such purpose. As has been stated to
the House several times within the last year,
this fund was received by us from the Japanese
Government without any substantial equivalent
given by us. The language of Mr. Seward,
when Secretary of State, in speaking of this
fund, is this:
" Pursuant to the stipulations of the treaty with
Japan of the 22d of October. 1864. to which the
United States was a party, this Government has
received from the Japanese Government, without
substantial equivalent, as its share of the indem-
nity stipulated to be paid by that treaty, the sum
ot $600,000 in gold. This amount has been invested
in United States registered bonds, to await such
disposition as Congress may direct."
Now, sir. the expenses incurred by the Gov-
ernment in the expedition oat of which this
treaty grew are estimated by the Department
not to have exceeded $30,000; so that in fact
we have received from the Japanese Govern-
ment a fund now amounting to more than
$800,000 in return for that which did not im-
pose upon us any expense or charge beyond
$30,000.
It is known, Mr. Speaker, that persons in-
terested in the cause of education, interested
in maintaining friendly relations between Japan
and the United States, interested in drawing
closer the relatious we now hold to that eastern
country just being opened to our western civil-
ization, have been by petition, memorial, and
in various ways asking Congress to do some-
thing with this fund that should tend to per-
petuate the friendship now existing between
the two Governments. As one measure they
have asked that, in the first instance, this fund
be tendered back to the Japanese Govern-
ment ; that then, should the Japanese Govern-
ment decline to receive it, some provision of
law be made for establishing in Japan an in-
stitution of learning, in which the language of
Japan and that of this country may be taught,
so that intercourse between the two countries
may be facilitated, and our civilization and
our institutions be given a lodgment, and per-
haps a home, in that eastern country.
Now, while we have been considering that
view of this matter, and while petitions like
that which was presented in open session by
the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Haw-
x-ey] the other day are before Congress look-
ing to such a disposition of this fund, we have
here a proposition to take some $125,000 of
it and pay to the officers and crew of this
frigate Wyoming. I do not understand the
officers and crew of that frigate have any in-
terest in or title to this money whatever. They
took no part in the expedition out of which
the treaty came through which this mouey has
been paid to this country. They participated
in it in no degree whatever. Therefore, so far
as this fund is concerned, certainly they ought
not to be made the beneficiaries of it.
I see no reason why this bill should pass
other than the reason which might bo urged if
it were a proposition here to pay out of the
Treasury of the United States to these persons
this sum of $125,000. Without stopping here,
Mr. Speaker, in the few minutes allotted to
me, to discuss whether it is wise national policy
to pay prize money to officers and sailors for
service 011 the sea, when such prize money is
not paid to men who fight battles on the land,
1 think if we are to pay prize money in this
case at all we ought to do it in a straight-
forward way and make our appropriation out
of the Treasury of the United States. But do
not let us take this fund, which in my judg-
ment should be held sacred as between this
Government and Japan, and should be kept by
us or returned to the Japanese for the purpose
of .perpetuating friendly relations between the
two countries.
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Speaker, I now resume
the floor, and will yield for five minutes to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
I must call the previous question before the
morning hour expires, so that this may not be
thrown over to the end of next week.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, it came in the course of my duty in
investigating this Japanese question, as a mem-
ber of a committee, to learn the facts upon
which this case stands; and it seems to me a
more meritorious case cannot well be put be-
fore Congress. One of the insurgent princes
of Japan seized a portion of that country and
undertook to shut up the strait of Simonoseki
by forts and war vessels so no foreign vessels
could get through them. When our ship, the
Wyoming, attempted to go through the strait
the insurgents fired upon her, and the ships of
war lying beside the fort joined in the fire.
She returned the fire and a battle ensued, and
after a very gallant fight, as the report shows,
she blew up and sunk the two ships and passed
the fort. That was in 1863. They fired on
English and French ships in the same way.
The English, French, and Dutch organized an
expedition in 1864 in the China sea to open
that strait to the commerce of the world.
When they got there they found the United
States with but one ship on the station, the
Jamestown, and she was so large that she
could not get up the strait. They asked us,
in the interest of civilization and commerce,
to join the expedition. Thereupon, the cap-
tain of the United States ship of war thought
the best he could do would be to hire a mer-
chant steamer.
Mr. WILLARD. We had a ship there on
that station.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
just said so ; but she was so large she could
not get within ten miles of the insurgents'
forts. Pardon me a few moments ; I will
state the whole of it. Thereupon, he hired
a merchant steamer to send up as a hospital
boat for the expedition. But when he under-
took to detail his executive officer, Lieuten-
ant Commander Pearson, to command on such
expedition, he said, " I will not carry the
American flag upon a bumboat to any for-
eign fleet. Give me a single gun, a thirty-
pounder Parrott, and men to work it, and I
will go and take part in the fight." His cap-
tain replied to him, " You may go, but I will
not give you any orders to fight; if yoa fight,
fight on your own responsibility." Under these
circumstances Pearson took his little steamer
with the thirty-pounder Parrott. As she was
of lighter draught than any other vessel of the
combined fleet, he could and did lay himself
closer to the Japanese fort than any other ves-
sel. Fighting under these circumstances, he
fought his thirty-pounder Parrott gun as thirty-
pounder Parrott was never served before—with
sixteen men only. Every time one of our
shells went into that fort over went a gun.
The English, Dutch, and French looked on
admiringly to see a Yankee fight, and when
the bombardment was over the English admiral
came 011 board his little vessel and tendered
Pearson the thanks of his Government for the
manner in which himself and crew had fought
his cockboat, and his gallant service in action.
In a few days a treaty was made between
the combined Powers and Japan in which a
sum in reparation of injuries was granted.
And although the English and French and
Dutch had one hundred and sixty-eight guns
there, they gave us one quarter of the indem-
nity, amounting to over three million dollars,
because we had one gun there. They said our
flag was there and the men fighting under it
did them excellent service, and they proposed
to divide equally with us what had been won.
Mr. DAWES. Was this the Wyoming?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
the Ta Kiang, which is in this bill.
Mr. DAWES. Why put 111 the Wyoming?
