1988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
has sent me the letter, and I pledged my word
to him, I desire to keep my word.
Mr. SAIiGENT. I do not know what Mr.
Welsh's letter fnay contain; but I know that
he is a very safe man.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Philadelphia, February 22.
My Bear Sik: The appearance of an appropria-
tion tor Indians in the deficiency bill naturally
s vmkens suspicion and requires an explanation. I
li been asked to give it, asyou well know that I am
ciuite as ready as you are to work for a thorough re-
form m the Indian service without being restrained
by fear, favor, or affection. There is actually no
deficiency in the item of feeding Sioux Indians, as
no more money has been spent than was appropri-
ated, and no debt has yet been incurred. The money
asked for is to feed'Indians from this time until the
beginuingof the next fiscal year. For the first time
within my recollection Congress has, at its present
session, restricted the use of all articles purchased
£? tt'u Ind!aI! appropriation bill until aftor June
30. Hitherto it h s been usual to make appropria-
tions for fulfilling treaty stipulations, &o., and thus
the Interior Department was enabled to supply any
lack of food by taking part of the now appropria-
tion. Congress made a very insufficient appropria-
tion for the year ending June 30, 1871, therefore the
feeding for thatyearwas largely supplemented from
the next year's appropriation. It was hoped that
by honesty and rigid economy this deficiency could
be repaid, but it has been increased by the greater
number of Indian; who havo couie into the various
reservations ahd by the loss of their corn crops from
drought and grasshoppers and hail.
A reduction in this item of expenditure can only be
made by checking the further progress of the North
Pacifio railroad, by preventing frontiersmen from
settling on Indian lands, and by restraining white
men from killing the buffalo aud other wild game
merely for their hides. As this is neither desirable
nor possible, Indians must forage on the frontier
settlers or be fed on their reservations. The appli-
cation of the Seoretary of the Interior for $350,000
was carefally considered by the Board of Indian
Commissioners at their meeting held a few days
since, and it was cordially approved by a unanimous
resolution. It will be gratifying to you to learn that
Secretary Delano has called on the Board of Indian
Commissioners to examine thoroughly everydepart-
mentof Indian expenditure, in conformity with the
bill which you prepared two years since. In some
places whero Indians did not receive above one
tenth of the money appropriated they now get nine
tenths, and the friends of reform will not slack their
hand until the Indians get ten tenths of that which
is appropriated for them.
Yours truly, WM. WELSH.
Hon. J. B. Beck, House of liepresentatives.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I believe that
■what Mr. Welsh has said is true. We have
made such changes in the right to use the
money before July 1, that this deficiency is
necessary, and therefore I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. SARGENT. I believe the same thing.
Mr. RANDALL. So do I.
The following paragraph was read:
For the following amounts, or so much thereof as
may be nccossary to meet deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the year ending June 30,1873: For the
general incidental expenscs.of the Indian service in
California, $10,000; in Utah, $10,000; in Nevada,
$10,000; in Dakota, 85,000; and in Montana, $5,000;
amounting in all to $40,000.
Mr. CLAGETT. I should like to have some
explanation of this paragraph. I never heard
of-any deficiency of this kind in the Terri-
tories.
Mr. SARGENT. I have here in my hand
a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
and also a letter from the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, explaining the estimate fully.
I do not care to occupy the time of the com-
mittee in having the letters read. They say
there is this deficiency, and they need this
appropriation. The amount is not large, and
the appiopriation has not been inserted care-
lessly, but on the reclamation of both Depart-
ments.
The following paragraph was read :
For this amount, or so much thereof as may bo
necessary, to meet the deficiency in the appropria-
tion tor the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, to sub-
sist and properly care tor the Apaciie Indians in
Arizona, and New Mexico, who have been, or may
be, collocted on reseivations in New Mexico and
Arizona: Provided, That this appropriation shall
b« expended only m behalf o± those Indians who go
and remain upon said reservations, and retrain from
hostilities, $150,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I offer the following
amendment to come in after the paragraph
which has just been read.
The Clerk read as follows :
The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
Jo transfer from the proceeds of sales of publio lands
$174,548 83 from the credit of the approriations, " ful-
filling treaty with Stockbridge's proceeds of lands:"
the aforesaid sum having been received from the
sale of Stockbridge's and Munsee's Indian lands,
having been erroneously covered into the Treasury
as receipts from sales of publio lands: ■
Mr. SARGENT. That explains itself. This
money belongs to these Indians.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows ;
For the publio printing, $100,000; for the publio
binding, $50,000.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend that clause
so it will read "for the public printing and
binding, $50,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
To pay the last installment duo W. II. Powell for
pioture illustrative of Perry's victory, $905.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I de-
sire to ask the Committee on Appropriations
whether there is any contract in this ease and
whether the picture is considered completed ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There isa eon-
tract, and I understand that the picture has
been accepted by the joint Committee on the
Library.
Mr. HALE. This is to carry out the con-
tract.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to strike out
in lines live hundred and eighty-six and five
hundred and eighty-seven the words "nine
hundred aud five dollars" and insert in lieu
thereof " $15,000."
Mr. HALE. I make the point of order on
that.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the point of order is well taken.
Mr. STEVENSON. In order to save the
time of the House I ask unanimous consent to
have printed in the Globe as a portion of the
debates some remarks upon the pending para-
graph of the deficiency appropriation bill now
in Committee of the Whole, relating to Pow-
ell's painting of " Perry's Victory."
No objection was made, and leave was
granted accordingly. [See Appendix.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed tbechair, Mr. Wiieel-
ku reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had under consideration the bill (II.
R. No. 4051) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes,
and had come to no resolution thereou.
hound vallky reservation.
Mr. COGLHLAN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 4058) to restore
a part of the Round Valley Indian reservation
to the public lands, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. COGHLAN. I will state that this bill
is a compromise with the Department, and
affects a large portion of the public lands in
the State of California. It has been agreed
to by the Committee on Indian Affairs and
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like some ex-
planation of the bill.
Mr. SHANKS. The bill has been con-
sidered by the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and it is important that it, should pass and
pass at once.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COGHLAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
steamer sleepy hollow, etc.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York, from the
Committee on Commerce, by unanimous con-
sent, reported a bill (H. R. No. 4059) to
change the names of the schooner Andrew
Stewart and the steamer Sleepy Hollow; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorized th3
change of the name of the schooner Andrew
Stewart to Barnett, and of the steamer Sleepy
Hollow to Long Branch. >
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; aud being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
international prison reform congress.
Mr. KERR. I move that the rules be so
suspended that it shall be in order to offer the
following as an amendment to the general de-
ficiency appropriation bill now in Committee
of the Whole on tiia state of the Union, when
the consideration of the same shall be again
resumed:
To pay for five hundred copies of tho proceedings
of the international prison reform congress which
assembled in London in July, 1872,'for the use of the
United States commissioners to said congress, $1,500.
The question was taken; and (two thirds
voting in favor thereof) the rules were sus-
pended, and it was ordered accordingly.
joseph l. iieywood and others.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I ask unani-
mous consent that the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House No. 2909, for
the relief of Joseph L Heywood and others,
be taken from the Speaker's table 'and non-
concurred in by the House, and a conference
asked of the Senate on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. PALMER. I ask tmanimous consent
that the amendments of the Senate to the bill
of the House No. 3498, making appropri-
ations for the service of the Post Office De-
partment for the year ending June 30, 1874,
be taken from the Speaker's table, non-con-
curred in, and a conference asked of the Sen-
ate ou the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. PALMER moved to reconsider the or-
der just made by the House ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I must now
insist upon my motion that the House take a
recess until this evening at half past seven
o'clock.
_ Mr. SARGENT and others. Make it eight
o'clock.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Very well; I
modify my motion so that the House shall
take a recess until eight o'clock.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at five o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
house took a recess until eight o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the Speaker
resumed the chair at eight o'clock p. m. and
called the House to order.
army regulations.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, from
