66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
Mr. WOOD. I would like to know.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. The Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, against whom the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] makes
complaint, i* not subject to the criticism he
supposes. He had to make his estimates ac-
cording to existing law. He could not assume
in advance that we would make the reduction
now proposed. That is one item. Again, it
is complained that the estimates are for
£1,000,000 more for salaries than last year.
\V hy Y Because bv a law which never was
intended by this House to be passed, and
which this House will recollect we tried to
repeal, the distillers all over the country were
compelled to pay the Federal officers who
were their storekeepers and their gaugers, to
the amount at that time of $1,500,000. In
J une, 1872, we repealed that law, and pro-
vided that the United States should pay their
own officers, the gaugers and storekeepers,
instead of taking that amount from the dis-
tillers. The Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue this year had to estimate for that ex-
pense, which he did not have to do last year.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Committee
on Appropriations reported the bill to which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
has referred without any reference to the pro-
posed action of Congress on this bill. We knew
this measure was to be brought forward for
consideration, and it was the understanding
of the Committee on Appropriations that if it
should become a law we would be enabled, as
we were informed by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, to cut down the proposed
appropriations for expenses of assessing and
collecting internal revenue by $1,500,000, or
more than we would feel authorized to do if
the bill now pending should not become a law.
Furthermore, of the total now standing in
the legislative bill, $2,000,000 is to be paid
to supervisors, surveyors, storekeepers, and
gaugers out of the Treasury, most of those
officers having been heretofore paid wholly by
lhe distillers. Thus more than two and a half
millions of the aggregate cost of assessing
and collecting our internal revenue is in con-
sequence of the law of June 6, 1872, which
transferred the payment of these gaugers and
storekeepers from the distillers, who hitherto
paid them, to the Treasury of the United
States. But for this increase the estimates
for the expense of assessing and collecting the
internal revenue would have been reduced
more than a million and a half below the
amount expended last year. As the law now
stands this decrease has been- more than
overcome by the increase referred to ; so that
the total set down in the legislative bill is
greater by $512,827 than the total of last year.
It ought in fairness to be said that in trans
ferriug the pay of these officers from distillers
Themselves to the Treasury of the United
States, the tax on liquors was increased to an
pxtent supposed to be sufficient to reimburse
the additional cost to the Government arising
from the payment of these officers. This
increase—five cents a gallon—was expected to
cover the additional expense thus imposed on
the Treasury. As I understand this bill, if it
should become a law, I shall ask the House
lo cut down the aggregate of the legislative
appropriation bill at least$1,500,000 Irom the
gum as it now stands in the print.
Mr. WOOD. While the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Garfield,
of Ohio,] is on his feet he will permit me to
asl$ him why the committee propose to con-
tinue the extraordinary appropriation for cler-
ical and other force of this bureau here in
Washington? Why is there no reduction in
that particular?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
is in error as to the fact. The appropriation
asked for, for the clerical force in the office
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, is
less by $0,000 than the amount expended last
year; but the sum called for is still large, and
at first sight would appear too large. For
this reason the Committee on Appropriations
asked the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
the same question which the gentleman pro-
pounds to me, and his answer was, "If the
change which I ask be <$ade, a large class of
duties now performed by assessors and assist-
ant assessors will have to be transferred to
the office here in Washington." The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] will see on
the second and third pages of the pending bill
a recitation of inquiries, examinations, and
assessments hitherto made by the assessors
and assistant assessors throughout the country,
which are hereafter to be made by the Com-
missioner himself in his central office. The
Commissioner told us that if this change were
made it would be impossible for him, at least
for a while, to reduce his force as he would
otherwise be enabled to do. So that while
this bill will reduce expenditures in the dis-
tricts, it will not allow him to make an imme-
diate reduction here. In other words, the
Commissioner will require more force here at
the central office for awhile than he would
require if the assessors continued to perform
all their present duties. But this increase of
expenditure is very slight in comparison with
the reduction. Such was the impression of
the Commissioner when before our committee.
Mr. DAWES. On further examination, the
Commissioner thinks that, notwithstanding
the change in the law proposed by this bill, he
will be able to get along without any addition
to his force here at Washington.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say fur-
ther that the Committee on Appropriations,
by resolution, left this clause of their bill open
to be amended in accordance with the legis-
lation proposed in the bill now before the
House. Should this bill pass, we shall of
course call oil the Commissioner for new esti-
mates in view of the new law. As I have
already said, in the legislative bill we have
reported a reduction of about $9,000 in the
expenses of the Commissioner's office.
Mr. WOOD. I find both of these bills upon
my table—one reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means, and the other from the
Committee on Appropriations. I find & differ-
ence of opinion existing between the Com-
missioner and the chairmen of the commit-
tees ; and I find a difference even between the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
and the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations as to their recollection of these mat-
ters. I find my friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] who is very able and very clear upon
matters of figures, and who is endeavoring
to defend the Commissioner in these extraor-
dinary expenditures 
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I am defending
the Commissioner in his honest efforts at a
reduction of expenditures.
Mr. WOOD. I am very glad to find that
my friend from Kentucky thinks the Commis-
sioner can make honest efforts at reduction of
expenditure.
Mr. DAWES. I only wish that my friend
from New York [Mr. Wood] could think so.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to say that I offer no
factious opposition to these gentlemen, nor to
the party in power; but I claim the right, as
a representative of the people, to criticise
their npeasures; and I do so with but one
motive, and that is the endeavor to effect re-
form. In offering opposition to this bill, I do
it as one of the Opposition. I do not concede
that the last election should entirely oblitefate
and extinguish an honest opposition to the
party in control of the Government.
Sir, opposition is healthful. The honest,
fearless opposition that would candidly, deal
in its examination with the measures of the
Government which are proposed, and which
will endeavor to hold the administration of the
Government to its responsibility to all the
people of the United States, irrespective of
partisan considerations, is an opposition which
exists, or ought to exist, in every Government
in the world, whether monarchical or repub-
lican. When we, on our side of the House,
reserve to ourselves the right to vote against,
or to criticise and examine measures brought,
forward by gentlemen on the other side, tliey
must not attribute it to any factious intern ion
to defeat proper measures of tho Government
itself. Sir, I will support the Government, 1
will support it in all measures which are right ;
but, while I do that, I reserve to myself the
right to criticise propositions emanating from
whatever end of the avenue they may.
And now after listening to these gentle-
men I fail to see, in the first place, that
this is such a measure of reform as we have
a just right to demand and expect. I fail to
see we have reduced the executive force of
the internal revenue department in propor-
tion as we have reduced taxation utider
internal revenue laws. They have preserved
nearly the entire machinery of the internal
revenue system throughout the country, while
they have in the last few years materially
reduced the internal revenue taxes themselves,
and when that is the case, I have a right to
expect a proportionate reduction of the force.
I have a right to say, although this bill may
abolish the assessors and assistant assessors
of the internal revenue department, I do
not see any good reason why we should
increase the number of collectors of internal
revenue. We are not to be satisfied with
stones when they have promised us bread.
Therefore it is, I say, that I protest against
this bill being considered really a measure of
economy in that sense in which the country
has a right to demand and expect it.
I now yield to the geutleman from Virginia
[Mr. Dbke] to offer an amendment.
Mr. DUKE. I desire to have an amend-
ment read which,I think will do away with all
difficulty about this matter, and I give notice
of my intention to move it at the proper time.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike oat all after the enacting clause and insert
the following:
That from and after the 1st day of July, 1873, all
acts and parts of acta imposing internal taxes bo,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Would it not
be better for the gentleman from Virginia to
go the whole figure, and move to abolish all
taxes, and that the expenses of the Govern-
ment be paid out of the Treasury ?
Mr. DUKEi We collect enough of revenue
from customs to meet all the .proper expenses
of the Government.
Mr. WOOD. How much time have I left?
The SPEAKER. Thirty-five minutes.
Mr. WOOD. .1 give, then, the remaining
portion of my time to the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] and the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] to be divided between
them. i .
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I
do not propose to discuss this bill elaborately.
I wish the House to understand that I join
with the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] in opposition politically to this Ad-
ministration, and do not, any more than he
does, think the result of the late election pre-
vents me from opposing anything I thiqk ought
to be opposed. Nor will it prevent me from
supporting any measure which I believe will
relieve,the tax-payers of the country. But
neither that nor any other cause will prev, nt
me from supporting any honest effort of any
member of the Administration in any measure
■which I think will produce economy in the
administration of the Government. Believing
this to be one of those measures. I agreed
with the Committee of Ways and Means in
reporting it to the House and asking its adop-
tion. We became satisfied from a very full
examination of the gentlemen who ought to
be familiar with the subject, beginning with
the Secretary of the Treasury himself, the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, all the
ex-Commissioners of Internal Revenue, and
