1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1031
went into committee, whereas the rule says
the first debate shall be on the first bill in the
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar. The question is, Will the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar?
The question being taken, there were—ayes
74, noes 34; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Dawes and Mr.
Kerr.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 81, noes 16.
The SPEAKER. A quorum has not voted.
Mr. KERR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question being put, there were—ayes
30, noes 69.
Mr. ARCHER. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 51, nays 93, not voting
96; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer. Erasmus W. Beck, James
B. Beck, Bird, James G. Blair, Boarman, Boles, Cox,
Crossland, Box, DuBose, Eldredge, Farnsworth,
Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Giddings, Griffith, Hand-
ley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Hays, Hereford, Hern-
don, Hibbard, Holman, Kerr, Lynch, Maclntyre,
McClelland, McGrew, MeHenry. Benjamin P. Mey-
ers, Morgan, Morphis, Silas L. Niblack. Orr, Potter,
Price, Rainey, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, Wil-
liam R. Roberts, Scofield, Slocum, Storm, Suther-
land, Van Trump, Wakeman, Whitthorne, and
Wood—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Averill, Barber,
Barry, Beatty, Bell, Buffinton, Burchard, Roderick
R. Butler, Caldwell, Carroll, Cobb, Coburn, Co-
mingo, Conger, Cotton, Darrall, Dawes, Donnan,
Duell, Duke, Dunnell, Barnes, Elliott, Esty, Fink-
elnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye,
Garfield, Getz. Golladay, Hancock, Harper. George
E. Harris, Havens, John B. Hawley^GerryW. Hazel-
ton, John W. Hazelton, Hooper, Kelley, Kendall,
Ketcham, King, Lamison, Lansing, Lewis, Manson,
McCormick, McKee, McKinney, Merriam, Monroe,
Morey, Leonard Myers, Packard, Packer, Palmer,
Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Ellis H. Roberts,
John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Rusk, Sawyer, Sher-
wood, Shober, Slater, II. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, Snyder, Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Ste-
venson, Stowcll, St. John. Terry, Washington Town-
send, Twichell. Upson, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wal-
lace, Warren, Wells, Whiteley, Willard, Williams of
Indiana, John T. Wilson, and Young—93.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Ames,
Banks, Barnum, Bigby, Biggs, Bingham, Austin
Blair, Braxton, Bright, Brooks, Buckley, Bunnell,
Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Campbell, Clarke,
Coghlan, Conner, Crebs, Creely, Critcher, Crocker,
Davis, Dickey, Dodds, Ely, Far well, Forker, Good-
rich, Haldeman, Hale, Halsey, Hambleton, Hanks,
Harmer, John T. Harris, Hill, Hoar, Houghton. Kel-
logg, Killinger. Kinsella. Lamport, Leach, Lowe,
Marshall, Maynard, McCrary, McJunkin. McNeely,
Merrick, Mitchell, Moore, Negley, William E. Nib-
lack, Hosea W. Parker, Perce, Perry, Peters, Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Prindle, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Rob-
inson, Roosevelt, Sargent, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, Sloss, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Snapp, Stevens, Stoughton, Swann,
Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Turner,
Tuthill, Tyner, Waddell, W alden, W aldron. Wheeler,
Williams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
Winchester—96.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs,
will the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar ?
Mr. DONNAN. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 51, not vot-
ing 89 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Averill, Barry,
Austin Blair, Buckley, Burchard, Burdett, Roder-
ick R. Butler, Caldwell, Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan,
Comingo. Conger, Cotton, Cox, Darrall, Dawes,
Dodds, Donnan, DuBose, Duell, Duke. Dunnell,
Eames, Elliott, Esty, Charles Foster, Wilder D.
Foster, Frye, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith,
Hale, Hancock, Harper. George E. Harris, Havens,
John B. Hawley, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W.
Hazelton. Houghton, Kelley, Kendall, Lamison,
Lansing, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew, McJunkin,
McKee, McKinney, Merriam, Monroe, Morey,
Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer, Isaac C. Parker,
Peck, Pendleton, Perry, Peters, Poland, Ellis
H. Roberts, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Rusk,
Sawyer, Sherwood, Shober, Shoemaker, Slater,
H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder,
Sprague, Starkweather, Stowell, St. John, Taffe,
Terry, Washington Townsend, Turner, Twichell,
Upson, Voorhees, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron,
Warren, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, Wil-
liams of Indiana, and John T. Wilson—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Beatty, James B. Beck,
Bell, Bingham, James Q. Blair, Boarman, Buffin-
ton, Benjamin F. Butler, Carroll, Crossland, Dox,
Eldredge, Finkelnburg, Henry D. Foster, G iddings,
Handley, Hanks, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Hays,
Herndon, Hibbard, Holman, Kerr, Ketcham, Leach,
Lewis, Maclntyre, McClelland, MeHenry, Mer-
rick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Silas L. Niblack, William E.mblaek. Price,
Rainey, Randall, Read, Ritchie, Speer, Stevenson,
Storm, Sutherland, Van Trump, Vaughan, Whit-
thorne and Young—51.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Ames,
Banks, Barber, Barnum, Erasmus "W. Beck, Bigby,
Biggs, Bird, Boles, Braxton, Bright, Brooks, Bun-
nell, Campbell, Clarke, Conner, Crebs, Creely,
Critcher, Crocker, Davis, Dickey, Ely, Farnsworth,
Farwell, Forker, Garfield, Goodrich, Haldeman,
Halsey, Hambleton, Harmer, John T. Harris, Here-
ford, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kellogg, Killinger, King,
Kinsella, Lamport, Lowe, Lynch, Manson, Mar-
shall, Maynard, McN eely, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan,
Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Perce, Piatt, Porter,
Potter, Prindle, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice,
William R. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Sargent,
Scofield, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shel-
labarger, Slocum, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith,
Snapp, Stevens, Stoughton, Swann, Sypher,
Thomas, Dwight Townsend. Tuthill, Tyner, Wad-
dell, Wallace, Williams of New York, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—89.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the Private Calendar, Mr. Wil-
lard in the chair.
RELIEF OF CONTRACTORS.
The first business on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 1698) for the relief of certain
contractors for the construction of vessels of
war and steam machinery.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. For the purpose
of disposing of that bill, 1 move to strike out
the enacting clause.
The motion was agreed to.
montana wak claims.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 23) to enable the
Secretary of War to pay the expenses incurred
in suppressing the Indian hostilities in the
Territory of Montana in the year 1867.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary ot
War to pay for expenses incurred in suppress-
ing Indian hostilities in the Territory of Mon-
tana in the year 1867, to the persons entitled
thereto, the several amounts as reported upon
by General James A. Hardie, under the pro-
visions of section ten of an act making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment, and for other purposes, for the year
ending June 30, 1870, approved July 15,1870;
and for that purpose appropriates from any
money in the Treasury of the United States not
otherwise appropriated the sum of $513,343.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the following amendment:
Strike out all after the resolving clause and insert
the following:
That it shall be the duty of the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to examine and determine
the amounts justly due upon the claims for expenses
necessarily incurred in suppressing Indian hostili-
ties in the Territory of Montana in the year 1867,
which have been examined and reported upon by
Inspector General James A. Hardie; but in no case
shall the sum allowed thereon be in excess of the
award reported by said General Hardie; and in
such investigation the testimony taken by General
Hardie in relation thereto shall be received in evi-
dence, but the same shall not be regarded as con-
clusive unless said officers are satisfied therewith.
And the sums so found to be due shall be paid to the
persons severally entitled thereto by a disbursing
officer, under the direction of the Secretary of War:
Provided, That the acceptance of such payment
shall be in full of all claims on account of said ex-
penses: And provided fwther, That no claim under
the provisions of this act shall be audited and paid
unless presented within one year from the passage
of this act.
Mr. CLAGETT. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to say in the outset that this is a resolution
which appropriates quite a considerable sum
of money, and it is therefore a matter of in-
terest to the Treasury of the United States.
It also proposes to reimburse a small popu-
lation of some thirty thousand souls. This
amount of money is only a part of the
amount advanced by them to the United States
some six years ago, and it is therefore a matter
of interest to them. I wish the House, in con-
sideration of the fact that there is no one here
who has any power on the floor urging the
passage of this bill for the benefit of a strug-
gling community in the heart of the Rocky
mountains, will consider it honestly and give
to these claimants what appears to be justly
due them. I do not desire the bill to be
passed with any idea that it is not a just claim,
or the amount which it appropriates is not
justly due from the Treasury of the United
States to my constituents.
I desire to call the attention of the House to
the fact which I stated yesterday. I believe
that this question has already been investi-
gated by no less than five standing commit-
tees of the House, and that each of those
committees which has taken the trouble to go
through the long and laborious process re-
quired for a fair and faithful investigation has
unanimously reported in favor of the payment
of these claims.
Now, what are the facts? In 1867 there was
not, to my knowledge, a single soldier in the
Territory of Montana. The country had been
settled at a comparatively recent date. And
although the organic act of the Territory had
been passed a year or two before, it was still a
terra incognita as it were, so far as the peo-
ple of the United States were concerned. Clus-
tered in these valleys of the Rocky mountains
were about thirty thousand people, without
any protection whatever from the Indian hos-
tilities which were committed not only during
that summer, but also for two or three years
before.
During the winter of 1866 and 1867 the pub-
lic mind of the Territory of Montana was con-
siderably exercised in consequence of the large
number of depredations that were committed
by the different Indian tribes. Not only was
the entire Sioux nation in hostility against the
Government, but the Blackfeet, the Gros
Ventres, and the Piegans were also in a con-
dition of war, and there was a large number
of depredations committed. It was the com-
mon understanding among the people, from
the best information that could be obtained
under the circumstances, that Red Cloud, the
chief of the Ogallalla Sioux, then raiding down
on the Yellowstone river and having under
his command from three to four thousand fight-
ing men, intended as soon as grass appeared
in the spring to attack and ravage our border
settlements, and that condition of the public
mind was justified by developments; because
just so soon as spring did come, they turned
loose their war parties, some thirty or forty of
them, and swept those settlements, and in a
large number of instances swept off all their
stock, by which our people lost several hun-
dred thousand dollars' worth of property, for
which they never claimed any compensation
and which has been a dead loss to them until
this hour.
I will state a fact here as bearing upon this
question. At that time I was engaged in the
business of mining, some thirteen miles from
Deer Lodge, the county seat of one of the
most populous counties in the Territory. A
band of Indians came into the gulch where I
was mining and run off several hundred horses;
in fact, every one but two which were there.
A large amount of stock was also run off from
the vicinity of Blackfoot and Lincoln gulch,
in my county, and which were not in an exposed
locality. Stock was also run off from other
localities, and the consequence was that our
settlements were being swept bare of their
stock.
Now, about this time it was rumored that the
Government, for the purpose of reducing the
hostile Sioux to subjection, intended to or-
ganize a military expedition in the neighbor-
hood of South Pass, and the inevitable effect
of sending a column of troops into the Indian
country would be to bring this whole body of
hostile Indians pell-mell upon our borders.
