1032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
In this emergency the people called upon the
Governor of the Territory to call out- a military
force to protect the people.
Two years before, in 1865, when not less
than one hundred and fifty of our citizens had
been murdered, Governor Edgerton had called
out a militia force which went down upon the
Missouri river, stood guard at the steamboat
landings, and furnished the protection which
it was the duty of the Government to furnish.
Not a dollar of money has ever been paid to
them for their personal services, or for the
supplies furnished them by the people.
The consequence of that was, that notwith-
standing the fact that our people were in the
greatest danger when the call was made by
Governor Meagher, on April 24, 1867, the peo-
ple refused to respond to it. They said that
they had no assurance in the world that they
would be compensated for their services, or
paid for the goods which they might furnish.
They said that if we were called upon to pro-
tect our own exposed frontiers we would do it
in our .own way, so that we could disperse as
soon as the danger was passed. Consequently
they refused to respond to the call of the
Governor.
Quite a number of telegrams passed between
the Governor of the Territory and the Secre-
tary of War. Finally the Secretary telegraphed
to the Governor that he should communicate
with General Sherman with reference to the
pending difficulties. That communication was
had, and General Sherman telegraphed to
Governor Meagher as follows:
Headers Mil. Div. or the Missouri,
St. Louis, Mo., Man 7,18(i7.
Francis Meaoher,
Act. Gov. Monfono Tcr., Virfiiniir Clut .-
If Indians enter the valley of the Gallatin, organ-
ise oight hundred volunteers and drive them out.
These troops should only bo usod until the regu-
lars reach the Yellowstone.
W. T. SHERMAN,
Lieutenant General.
Official copy respectfully furnishod by mail.
A. C. NICHOLS,
Ansifftctnt Adjutant trcneral.
In response to that dispatch a proclama-
tion was issued by the Governor of the Terri-
tory, a copy of which ] clipped from an old
file of papers that I got hold of last summer.
That proclamation was as follows :
[General Orders, No. 2. J
Adjutant Uenkkai/s OimcK,
Tbriutobiai. Militia,
Virginia City, M. T., May 9,1867.
Authority having been receivod by the Governor
from LieutonantUen era IS Herman to raise asuflieient
force tor the protection of the Territory during the
prcsont Indian invasion, and to this end, eight hun-
dred volunteers are required immediately.
The following is the quota assigned to the differ-
ent eountifb in the Territory : Madison county, 300,
Rdgerton cjunty, 300; Doer Lodge county, 100; Jef-
ferson county, 100.
Recruiting oilioers heretofore appointed are earn-
estly enjoined to work vigorously to fill the quota in
their respective counties. Those desiring to recruit
companies can receive authority upon application
at this office. Companies of volunteers will be ac-
cepted troin counties not mentioned above. Troops
will be subsisted from date ot muster. All requisi-
tions upon the quartermaster general at Virginia
City, will be promptly filled.
By order of the commandor-in-chiof.
MARTIN IJEEM,
Adjutant (Jencral.
In virtue of that proclamation, reciting the
authority which had been conferred upon the
Governor by the United States, these tioops
are called out to protect the frontier in the
Territory of Montana—protection against a
crisis that had been precipitated by the military
operations of the Government itself. These
troops were raised ; they went upon the fron-
tier, struck their camps and did seout. duty in
these exposed localities From the time the
troops were raised we had no further difficulty.
Depredations upon our settlements ceased.
In the fall of the same year, when the regu-
lars who had been sent out to relieve these
volunteers reached the country, they estab-
lished posts on the identical spots that had
been selected by this volunteer force; and
those posts are to-day continued in existence,
and are costing the Government annually
more money than is called for by this bill.
In the course of time this matter came be-
fore Congress, and an act was passed, in 1870,
authorizing the Secretary of War to detail an
officer to make an examination into these
accounts. Under that law Inspector General
James A. Hardie was appointed to proceed
to Montana and investigate the case upon the
ground. From that investigation, taking as a
basis the books of different merchants and
the testimony of hundreds of men, General
Hardie constructed a scale of prices, and re-
ported to the Secretary of War the amount
that should be allowed for supplies furnished
for the purpose of maintaining this military
force.
It has been urged with reference to these
claims—I believe it was stated yesterday by
some gentleman on this floor—that there was
no condition of warfare existing in Montana
at that time. Why, sir, I happen to know
that there was then a condition of war exist-
ing there. I happen to know that those set-
tlements were entirely exposed; I happen to
know that property to the amount of hundreds
of thousands of dollars was lost. I wish to
call the attention of the House, in this connec-
tion, to a matter which came under my per-
sonal observation. On the 17th of September,
18G7,1 started in a steamboat from a point one
hundred and twenty miles below Fort Benton
on a trip to the Bast. There were on board
the boat three hundred and eighty-five men,
women, and children. The boat was a large
one and the river was at a very low stage.
We were in the neighborhood of two months
in getting from Fort Benton to Fort Union, at
the junction of the Missouri and the Yellow-
stone rivers. Within ten days after starting
we ran out of supplies entirely; and_ in order
to supply the passengers with provisions, to
keep them from starving, we had to rely en-
tirely upon the game that we could kill in the
woods with our rifles. There was not even a
grain of salt on board that boat. We were
obliged to live entirely upon fresh meat. We
kept our hunting party scouting iu.every direc-
tion through the very section of country which
constituted, as it were, the recruiting grounds
of these tribes of Indians. They killed three
of our passengers who were engaged in hunt-
ing in the river bottom. Thirteen were killed
on the river while I was passing down; and,
as testified to in the report of the Military Com-
mittee, three men were killed and brought into
the camp upon the Yellowstone river. Other
men were killed at that time and in the hostil-
ities that occurred during the summer before.
If it had not been for the calling out of that
military force, there is not a doubt that our
frontier would have been swept, as it were, in
the same manner as was done in the State of
Minnesota. I have evidence upon that point
not only from citizens of Montana Territory,
but also from the Indian himself who headed
these different bands. When Red Cloud was
here last winter, I went to see liim, to take his
testimony. He refused to testify before the
Military Committee, because he had an idea
that there was a plan by which depredations
committed by his tribe were to be proved
against them as a foundation for deducting the
amount of the depredations from the annuity
of the tribe. But the interpreter of that Sioux
delegation told me that he had time and again
talked with Red Cloud, who had stated that
but for the calling out of those volunteers he
would have swept the last settler out of the
Gallatin valley.
I respectfully submit to the House this state
of facts ; a condition of war in that Territory ;
authority from the executive department of the
Government of the United States, having this
matter in charge, to raise troops; the actual
calling out of a large number of troops ; the
actual furnishing of supplies, equipments,
1 arms, saddles, horses—everything, in fact, that
was necessary to put in the field and maintain
a military expedition. In addition to all that,
the fact is established that this military expedi-
tion did the work which it was the duty of the
Government to do; did it effectually and in
such a manner as to afford absolute protection
to the people. And the propriety of the selec-
tion of the military posts, as well as the pro- '
priety of calling out these volunteers received
the subsequent indorsement of the Govern-
ment of the United States in the establishment
and maintenance of a cordon of military posts,
even until this day, upon the very line that we
established in 1867.
I know, sir, it is a large amount of money
for forty million people to pay; but if it is
a large amount of money for forty million
people to pay, I submit candidly to the justice
and equity of this House how great and crush-
ing a weight it must be upon the thirty thou-
sand people living in Montana. The great
majority of these claims, or nearly so, are still
held by citizens of Montana. This has broken
up more men than the same amount of money
ever broke up in any community before.
Money was at that time worth five per cent, a
month in gold-dust, a more costly currency
even than coin. And even if we pay only the
amount recommended by General Hardie, the
interest from that day alone will amount to
more than three times the amount recom-
mended by this inspector general of the Army
of the United States. There is nothing here,
however, which is authorized to be paid in the
shape of interest; and there is nothing here
which is authorized to be paid for the present
service of these troops. It is simply to reim-
burse to the people of Montana the amount
of money actually expended by them in equip-
ping and maintaining this military force in the
field for some six months.
Mr. DONNAN. Mr. Chairman, if any one
of this committee who is opposed to the bill
wishes to speak upon it I will not occupy the
attention of the committee at present.
I desire simply to call the attention of the
committee, no other desiring to take the floor,
to a statement of the testimony presented to
the Committee on Military Affairs. Here is
one party who is interested largely, and who
holds his claim to-day, who testifies that the
greater portion of the property upon which his
vouchers are based was flour which he pur-
chased at St. Louis at $12 50, and which
was worth nineteen dollars in Government
vouchers, but General Hardie in his award
allows him only twelve dollars. Even when
he will get his pay from Congress he will
receive fifty cents less than he paid in gold
for his flour originally, and he has now waited
five years for his pay. Yet, sir, there are still
a number of members here in this House who
think he ought not to get anything at all in the
way of reimbursing him for his losses.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. What is the amount
of his claim ?
Mr. DONNAN. I cannot refer to it exactly
at this moment, but I think it amounts to some
twenty or thirty thousand dollars.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. How much do the
entire claims amount to ?
Mr. DONNAN. I will get to that presently.
This party to whom I have referred took an
entire train from St. Louis or.some point on the
Missouri river to Montana for sale to private
individuals. It was at this time requisitions
were made for the public service, and he sold
under the telegraph order from the War De-
partment to pay for subsisting the troops
necessary for the protection of our citizens. I
offer that only as a statement of the proof in
this case.
I called the attention of the House yester-
day, when the question was up upon a motion
to reconsider, to the gross amount of these
claims. Thir claims originally amounted to
nearly $1,000,000, or to $898,000, which was
a large sum. As I then stated, the Committee
on Military Affairs were instructed to examine
