1992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
The CHAIRMAN. At the time it was
offered by the gentleman and agreed to by the
committee it was withdrawn upon an allega-
tion of some gentleman that it had been there-
tofore inserted, which was a mistake. If there
be no objection, the amendment will now be
inserted in the proper place.
There was no objection.
Mr. KERR. I move to amend by inserting
the following:
To pay for five hundred copies of the proceedings
of the international prison reform congress which
assembled in-London in July, 1872, for the use of the
commissioner of the United States at said congress,
SI.500. *
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk road as follows :
To enable the Board of Health of the District of
Columbia to perform the duties imposed upon them
by law, $39,305.
Mr. CREBS. I rise to a point of order on
this paragraph, that there is no law author-
izing the appropriation.
Mr. SARGENT. If that is so, there will
be no payment under this provision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. CREBS. Upon what principle does
the proposition come iu here ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is to pay for the
performance of duties imposed upon the
Board of Health by law.
Mr. CREBS. I have here the law providing
for the appointment of this board. I ask the
Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 26. And bp. it further enacted, That there shall
be appointed by the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of theSenate. a
Board of I-Ioalth for said District, to consist of five
porsons, whose duty it shall be to declare what shall
be deemed nuisances injurious to health, and to pro-
vide for tho removal thereof; to make and enforce
regulations to prevent domestic animals from run-
ning at large in the cities of Washington and George-
town; to prevent tho sale of unwholesome food in
said oities; and to perform such other duties as shall
be imposed upon said board by the Legislative
Assembly.
Mr. CREBS. The provision just read, un-
der which this Board of Health is appointed,
is a part of the organic law of the District,
and by that act the board is referred to the
District government for appropriations to
carry out its powers.
Mr. SARGENT. Not at all.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would in-
quire whether there is anything in the act
itself which provides compensation.
Mr. CREBS. There is nothing requiring
any other than this District government to
make compensation for these services. The
law merely provides that the salaries of these
men shall be paid for by the Government, but
it goes no further.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined
to sustain the point of order.
Mr. SARGENT. The Chair will not sus-
tain the point of order if he will listen to the
facts. The salaries of the officers of this
Board of Health are paid for by the United
States. Their duty is to declare nuisances in
the District of Columbia and remove them.
The law nowhere says that the payment for
these services shall devolve entirely upon the
District of Columbia.
Mr. CREBS. .The gentleman from Califor-
nia tried to introduce a bill of this character
under a suspension of the rules, and was de-
feated in the House the other day.
Mr. SARGENT. I did not do any such
thing.
Mr. CREBS. Then it was something of
the same kind.
Mr. SARGENT. I tried to introduce an
independent bill, but did not succeed in get-
ting a two-thirds vote. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Roosevelt] who spoke in
apposition to the hill has said to me since
then, as he will say now, that this appropria-
tion ought to be made. The Board of Health
in this District are doing a good work. They
are not politicians, not mixed up with any-
thing that is improper, and ought to have this
appropriation. It is needed, and I know the
gentleman from New York will indorse every-
thing I have said. He nods acquiescence, and
if his voice would permit I know he would
say so upon the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. On this statement of
facts the Chair will overrule the point of order
and rule the amendment to be in order.
Mr. SARGENT. Now, Mr. Chairman, the
amendment being ruled to be in order, I wish
to make a few remarks. As I said before, the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Roosevelt,]
who organized the opposition to this measure,
when 1 introduced it as an independent prop-
osition and when I tried to pass it under a
suspension of the rules, subsequently informed
me that he opposed it at that time under mis-
apprehension of the facts, and he now admits
the appropriation ought to be made. I will
say this Board of Health is not composed of
Eoliticians, but simply of scientific men. They
ave done good work for this District in exe-
cuting the laws in the removal of'all nui-
sances. By their intelligent action they have
circumscribed the small-pox and prevented it
from becoming the epidemic which it has
become in some of the neighboring cities.
They have removed nuisances innumerable.
In doing so they have incurred expense. It
is our dutyiu behalf of the Government, which
has thereby been saved so much, to make good
this deficiency. The District has already ap-
propriated $25,000. The members of the
Board of Health have done the work Congress
enjoined upon them. They have done it intel-
ligently and faithfully. I have no doubt tliey
have saved hundreds of lives in the District
when the small-pox epidemic broke out by
removing all the causes which spread such dis-
eases. It is bigotry to oppose such an appro-
priation as this when its object is the security
of public life in a city where we are with our
families compelled for months and months to
remain on the business of the Government.
This Board of Health is scientific, not political
in any respect. It is composed of men actu-
ated by the noblest sentiments, who have by
their science and skill and knowledge pre-
served the public health.
Mr. BURCHARD. I should like to ask
the gentleman from California a question,
whether these duties which are provided shall
be paid for are performed for the United
States, or are performed for the District of
Columbia and the city of Washington, the same
as the duties of the Governor and Legislature
and other officers of the District government?
Mr. SARGENT. We pay the salary of the
Governor and the salaries of the members of
the Legislature, and these duties are performed
for the United States, for should a sweeping
epidemic break out here it would coat tho
Government millions of dollars. It would
drive off the employes of the Government, as
they were formerly driven off by the small-pox
epidemic when it broke out in the city of Phil-
adelphia. And just here let me correct a mis-
take I fell into. I said the city had appropri-
ated $25,000, when in fact they have appro-
priated $50,000 for this work, which is more
than a third greater than the amount the
United States Government has been asked to
appropriate.
Mr. CREBS. Mr. Chairman, the whole
question resolves itself into this: by the
organic act we have established the District
government. If it is the purpose of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to run every
branch of this government and furnish them
whatever amount they may desire to carry on
the different branches of tue government, now
is the time to say so. That is the simple ques-
tion at issue. I have no contest with the
Board of Heaith. I know when this organic
aet was passed there was no idea in the minds
of the members of the House who voted l'or it
the. Government of the United States would
ever be called upon to make appropriations to
carry on this Board of Health or.this Board of
Public Works. Yet the Board of Health now
comes and asks that we shall appropriate
about $40,000 to carry forward their opera-
tions.
The gentleman says that the District govern-
ment has appropriated $50,000. Now, can
any one tell me for what purpose the Board
of Health of the city of Washington requires
$100,000 to carry on its operations for a year ?
We find here by the report they have submitted
to this House, and which they have placed in
a bound .volume on the desk of every member,
that they want a bureau established to collect
statistics in regard to health and disseminate
those statistics over the country. That is the
purpose of the board as they have declared it
in their report which we have now before us.
And if we make this appropriation now, they
will be coming back next year asking for an
appropriation of $100,000 or sqme such sum
of money to still carryforward their purposes.
We have declared that we will pay the salaries
of these men, but we intended at that time
that they should look to the District govern-
ment for money to carry on their operations.
Unless appropriations were made by the Dis-
trict government they had no right to expend
money, and they have no right to come to
Congress for an appropriation. I am satisfied
from the whole history of the passage of the
act that that was the object of the Congress
of the United States at the time that this or-
ganic act was passed. But before two years
have passed they are here asking us for money.
They did not come last year to ask for any,
and got along, I presume, well enough, but
they come this year for $40,000, and if we
allow them this sum, it will establish a prece-
dent ; and the question simply amounts to
this; do we intend that the Government of
the United States shall or shall not pay for
carrying on the operations of this board ?
That is the whole proposition involved.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Illinois move to strike out the paragraph ?
Mr. CREBS. I do.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to
strike out the last word, for the purpose of
making a few remarks on this question. We
have a Board of Health here created by act
of Congress, appointed by the President, con-
firmed by the Senate, and by the organic act
subject to the orders of Congress.- Now they
have had to confront a great epidemic during
this current year. They have expended from
the Treasury of the District itself $50,000.
For what? For the benefit of the whole of
the people residing in this District, and of
that number a very largo per cent, are not
connected with the District, bpt are officers
of the Government. That portion of the
population connected with the Executive
Departments and legislative departments of
the Government make thirty-live per cent,
of the entire population of the city, and the
Board of Health are doing their work for
those people as well as for the residents
proper of the District. Now, who shall say
that Congress should not bear a reasonable
share of the expenses of this board ? The
District has voted $50,000 to meet the de-
mands of the year. Is it very unreasonable
that Congress should vote this $3<J,000? I
think not, and I hope the appropriation will
he agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations explain on what,
data this appropriation is made? I do not
find any estimate for it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
fiom Indiana will remember that the District
government, being in direct relation to Con-
gress, sends its estimates for appropriations
ditfcet to the Speaker of the House, so that
they do not come to us through any of the
