08
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I must resume
the floor. I was about to state affirmatively
substantially what the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts put in the form of a question, that
there is in fact no new duty, no new obliga-
tion, no new burden in the collection of money,
imposed by this bill on the collector. There-
fore, admitting that the views of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Shelt.abarger] are cor-
rect upon the abstract legal question, the
securities of the collector can by no possibility
be affected by this bill.
Mr. DAWES. Under existing law the
Commissioner is authorized to require new
bonds at any time he pleases.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I want to call the
attention of the House 
Mr. BINGHAM rose.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. When a legal
question comes up, the distinguished chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary [Mr.
Bingham] ought to be heard, I know.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am not very anxious
to be heard at the expense of ray friend from
Kentucky. I was only going to make a sug-
gestion. The chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means has stated that by existing
law additional bonds may be required of
these officers at any time. My honorable col-
league [Mr. Shei.labarger] has suggested
that as this bill, if it should become a law, will
impose additional duties upon the collectors,
the question might arise whether their sureties
as such could by any possibility be held to an-
swer for a default arising under this new law.
Assuming that such a question might arise, I
submit to my honorable friend from Kentucky
that there can be no objection whatever to re-
newing in this bill the provision to which ref-
erence is made by the distinguished chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means. In
other words, I suggest the insertion of an addi-
tional proviso declaring that the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue shall, in accordance with
the ninth section of the existing internal rev-
enue act, require additional bonds to be given
by the several collectors before they enter
upon the discharge of the duties prescribed by
this act. Who will be hurt by such a require-
ment ?
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I have no sort
of objection to the requirement of any bonds
that will insure the performance of their duty
by the collectors: but this bill makes no such
requirement and imposes no new duties upon
these officers. There is one improvement
proposed by this bill which should not be for-
gotten by the House. The law of June, 1872,
after providing for the consolidation of the
collection districts, leaves an assessor and a
collector in each. It does not distribute the
officers over the territory, but leaves the two
together in the greatly enlarged or increased
district. Thus the tax-payer, wanting to ap-
Eeal to the collector from any wrong done by
is subordinates, or wishing to pay his taxes,
is obliged to travel at least twice the distance
that will be necessary if this amendatory bill
should take effect. Congress ought not un-
necessarily to place at a remote point the prin-
cipal officer to whom the tax-payer must ap-
peal from any wrong that may be done by a
subordinate, and we ought to give to the tax-
payer all the facilities we can consistently with
the safety of thfe Government. He ought to
be enabled to make his settlements as near at
home as possible, and to attend to the busi-
ness with the least practicable delay, trouble,
and expense. In this respect the present bill
will make a great improvement upon the act
of June, 1872. That is all I desire to say.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, how much of
the hour is left?
The SPEAKER. Ten minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman let
me have my amendment offered and read ?
Mr. KEiiR. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend, then,
after conferring with my colleague, in the first
section of this bill, line twenty-three, by in-
serting after the word "provided " the follow-
ing:
That the Commissioner of Internal Revenueshall,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and in accordance with the provisions of the ninth
seotion of the act of March 2, 1867. require that
each collector of internal revenue shall, before en-
tering on the duties prescribed by this act, give an
additional bond conditioned that said collector
shall faithfully perform the duties of his office ac-
cording to law; and further conditioned as required
by the ninth section of said aet of March 2,1867:
And provided furthei 
Mr. L. MYERS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWES. No amendments are in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that, and they are only read for information.
Mr. L. MYERS. I ask that my amend-
ment may be read for information.
Mr. KERR. I do not want the whole of
my ten minutes taken up in this way.
Mr. L. MYERS. My amendment is briefer
and covers all the points.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the amendment will be read for information.
The Clerk read as follows:
And all collectors of internal revenue under this
act shall be appointed or reappointed after its pas-
sage, and shall give good and sufficient bond to the
satisfaction of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, according to the provisions of existing laws.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, in addition to
what has been said by the chairman [Mr.
Dawes] and by my colleague from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] I only want to make a few re-
marks. I will not go into detail in reference
to the provisions of the bill, because they have
been fully stated. I only want to state my
own conclusions in reference to the practical
working and effect of this bill. The object
of the bill is to supersede the provision made
in the forty-third section of the act of June 6,
1872, the last addition to the internal revenue
law. This provision is in the nature of a
substitute for all that proposed machinery.
Gentlemen know very well what that law pro-
poses. We all at the time thought that pro-
posed an excellent and desirable change.
When put into practical operation we knew it
would save money to the Treasury by a reduc-
tion in the number of Federal officeB. There-
fore we all liked it. Now, this bill pro-
posed as a substitute for that change, in my
judgment, travels in exactly the same di-
rection all the time, and, as this Commis-
sioner says, goes a great way beyond anything
proposed in the law of Jane 6,1872. It abol-
ishes a larger number of officers. It reduces
in a larger amount and saves more in the
expenses of this department; but it does
not, and this is an especial merit in my judg-
ment in this bill, take from the department
or bureau, as it is now organized, one single
safeguard or protection against fraud, or any
sort of security that may exist in any kind of
checks and balances in the present law. It
either continues every one of them in their
existing forms, or it continues them by sub-
stituting another officer to perform them with-
out any increase in such other officer's com-
pensation for the new and additional service,
fhey will now either be performed by the
collectors and their assistants or by officers in
the bureau here in Washington city, so that
the country loses no security against fraud
upon the revenue. It loses no security against
the demoralization of the service in any way.
It reserves all these safeguards, I believe,
without one single exception, even of the most
trivial character, and at the same time does
accomplish this immense redaction in the force
of Feaeral officers now in this bureau, re-
ducing it by about sixteen hundred officers, and
saving, over and above what the bill of June
6, 1872 would have done, at least a million
and a half of money. But excluding all refer-
ences to the act of June 6, 1872, and if that
law had never been enacted, I say then this
system will make a saving to the Treasury over
and above that system which existed prior to
June 6, 1872, of nearly $2,500,000. '
So, in view of these changes so desirable and
so directly in the interest of the country and
to the people in this particular branch of the
service, I do say that in my judgment it is
my duty to lay aside all partisan considerations
and to consider this measure solely in those
relations it bears to the best interests of the
country in the collection of the revenue. This
I do, as it is my habit to do, in all my official
acts. I have no right here to know any body
bxit the people and their welfare. Taxation is
in all nations and in all forms of society an un-
avoidable evil. And just so far as it is imposed
in any manner upon the people it diminishes
i happiness, it burdens industry, and practically
confiscates a portion of every man's earnings.
It is therefore a primary and solemn duty of
the legislator to exact in taxation as little as
possible, and to render the collection of it as
simple arid inexpensive as practicable, and
above all things, and as a duty of supreme and
never ceasing obligation, to see to it that not
a penny is imposed under any pretense what-
■ ever for any other purpose than for revenue,
j Any honest, equal, and constitutional Govern-
ment must forever forbid the taxation of the
! people for any other purpose. Any taxation
for any other purpose becomes of necessity
unequal, discriminating, and unrighteous. It
' ceases to be taxation and becomes bounty at
! the expense of all for the advantage of a few
of the favorites of power.
Now, it has been suggested here, not to-
day alone, but many times in past sessions of
this House, that it is extremely desirable that
the entire system of internal revenue shall be
abolished. Of course it must be understood
that, whenever it can be done, I am in favor
of abolishing any system of taxation or of
burdens which fall onerously upon the peo-
ple. But it becomes the duty of the states-
man at all times to inquire primarily how it is
practicable so to collect the taxes that are
necessarily imposed upon the people as to
make them the cheapest possible taxes to the
tax-payers; so that, for example, to collect
$100,000,000 into the Treasury of the United
States shall cost the people of the United
States the least possible amount, directly or
indirectly.
I say thfen, in behalf of this system of rev-
enue, that, So long as our present necessities
and liabilities as a nation exist, we must have
some system of this kind, and that every
penny of tax that is imposed by it, or collected
under it, is, in the absolute and literal sense
of the term, a revenue tax. It is imposed for
the country and paid to the country. Let
that be remembered always. It is a revenue
tax. It pays bounty to nobody. It gives
special privileges to nobody. It puts rich
and munificent franchises into the hands of
nobody. And it makes the taxes it imposes as
cheap as it is possible to make any tax. This
is a very great excellence in any system of tax-
ation. It is only in these modern times that
this great principle has begun to be appre-
ciated. Taxation for many centuries past in
the Old World, and too much even in our own
country, has been imposed in part only for
revenue, and in great part, if not chiefly, for
the mere personal and selfish advantage and
gain of the favored classes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERR. I should like to have three or
four minutes more.
There was no objection.
Mr. KERR. Now, I say that this system
of taxation, with these improvements added
to it, will establish in this country—and I
wish it to be distinctly understood that what
I say now I say as the result of investiga-
tion—will establish in this country the cheap-
est system of taxation for Federal purposes
which this country has ever known from the
very beginning of its organization to this hour.
