1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
09
And by that I must be understood further to
mean that it is the cheapest, because with the
improvements inaugurated by this bill and the
reduced expenses of direct and mere collec-
tion, it is as cheap as it can now be conven-
iently made; and then chiefly because, under
our other system of taxation by customs rev-
enue, we have not only to pay the direct and 1
mere expenses of the collection of that rev-
enue, but in addition to that direct expense the
people suffer in the aggravation of all prices
and of the cost of production in our country
many hundred millions of dollars, many hun-
dredfold more than this system costs altogether.
Hundreds of millions, I say, will never make
up to the people of this country their losses in
a single year under our present infamous sys-
tem of customs revenue, unjust and unequal
in all its parts and in all its principles. It is
impossible to cheapen it, except by abolishing
that hateful principle of ■protection, of favor-
itism, of bounty, which taxes all the people
for the benefit of a few. This system taxes
nobody for the selfish benefit of anybody else,
but taxes all the people alike for the proper
expenses of the country. But tariff taxes are
notoriously imposed in part only for the honest
purpose of collecting revenue for the country, !
and are imposed chiefly for the protection of
the few at the expense of the many, and to
enable the favorites of power to exact for their
commodities, whether made of iron, steel,
copper, silk, wool, or cotton, or other material,
from thirty-five to' one hundred and seventy- ;
five per cent, higher prices than they could be
elsewhere procured for if the citizens were left,
as they should be, entirely free to purchase of
whom they please. The internal revenue sys- j
tem never interferes with or limits the personal :
liberty of the citizen to buy of whom he pleases,
or sell to whom he pleases. But tariff tax-
ation directly and constantly invades personal
liberty, destroys the freedom of exchanges,
enables the favorites to increase their prices
for their own sole advantage, forbids the most
effective competition, and builds up corrupt
and cruel monopolies.
Now, I know, Mr. Speaker, that some of my
remarks are not entirely pertinent to the pro-
visions of this bill, but they are called for by
suggestions made in this deba'te by other gen-
tlemen, and therefore my indulgence in this
line of remarks in reply.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Of course the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] and myself, upon
the points whieh he has just discussed, differ
very widely, and I do not desire tQ take up
time in discussing those questions in connec-
tion with this bill.
As regards the amendments, acting under
the instructions of the Committee of Ways and
Means, it would be impossible for me to accept
any amendments. But while I do not think
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] necessary, I do not suppose it
could do any possible harm, and I will so eon-
duct the bill before the House as to permit
him to offer that amendment, leaving the
House to take such action on it as it pleases.
Mr. COX. I do not understand why the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
should restrict the privilege of offering amend-
ments to one or two members.
Mr. DAWES. I will state why I take the
course I propose to take. The Committee of
^ays and Means have had this bill under con-
sideration, and have had the views of the
parties they could find throughout the country
°f any experience in the matter, and in the
opinion of the committee the bill woul<J not be
benefited by amendment. Therefore the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, represented by me
here, can do nothing to permit the alteration
9 we bill. The amendment of the gentleman
rom Ohio does not change the character of
the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all.
Mr. DAWES. And it quiets apprehension
about an official bond without changing the
bill at all. I therefore feel at liberty, as rep-
resenting the Committee of Ways and Means,
to permit the gentleman from Ohio to offer his
amendment, which I now do, still holding the
floor, and withdrawing the motion to recom-
mit.
Mr. L. MYERS. Will the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means not allow my
amendment to be offered?
The SPEAKERprotempore, (Mr. Wheeler
in the chair.) The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means withdraws the mo-
tion to recommit, and demands the previous
question on the bill, the amendments of the
committee, and the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state his point of order.
Mr. COX. It is this, and I state it with all
respect: I heard the Chair state that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts called the previous
question, but I did not hear the gentleman
himself call it.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York heard me state that I retained the floor?
Mr. COX. I would like the gentleman
from Massachusetts to state why the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means and one or two gentle-
men whom he selects should be the only
parties to perfect this bill ?
Mr. DAWES. Oh, no. I state candidly to
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
that I do not assume any such position. But
the Committee of Ways and Means state to the
House that they present this measure for their
approval. If the House do not like it, want
to amend it still further, of course they will
vote down the call for the previous question,
and then the gentleman from New York will
have an opportunity to offer his amendment.
That is all.
Mr. COX. I hope that after that suggestion
the previous question will be voted down.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now offer the amend-
ment I indicated.
Mr. L. MYERS. Do I understand that the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
objects to receiving my amendment?
The SPE AKERpro tempore, [Mr. Wheeler. ]
The Chair understands the gentleman from
Massachusetts to withdraw his motion to re-
commit, to allow the gentleman from Ohio
tMr. Bingham] to move the amendment he
as indicated, and then to call the previous
question on the bill and pending amendments.
Mr. DAWES. That is my proposition.
The question was upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question; and being
taken, upon a division there were—ayes one
hundred and fifty^six, noes not counted.
So the previous*question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The first question was upon the following
amendment reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means :
Strike out of section one the words " prior to the
 day of , 1873," and insert in lieu thereof the
words on the 1st day of July, 1873, or at suoh
time prior thsteto &a the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue may find practicable."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next -question was upon the amend-
ment reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means to the following paragraph of section
five of the bill:
That sectidn twenty-eight be so amended that all
of the additional aommission of half of one per
cent. .on the amounts of the tax on distilled spirits
therein allowed shall hereafter be paid to the col-
lector receiving the tax.
The amendment was to add to the paragraph
the following:
Provided, That the total net compensation of col-
lectors, as now fixed by law, shall not be thereby
increased.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was upon striking out sf
section five the following :
That section fifty be so amended as to authorize
the appointment of fifty revenue agents.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Bingham to the proviso in the
first paragraph of section one in the bill, to
insert after the word "provided" the following:
That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
shall, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and in accordance with the provisions of
the ninth section of the act of March 2, 1867, require
that each collector of internal revenue shall, before
entering upon the duties prescribed by this act, give
additional bonds conditioned that said collector
shall faithfully perform the duties of his office
acoording to law, and further conditioned as re-
quired by the ninth section of said act of March 2,
1867: And provided further.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
] Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
: by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
1 that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
vienna exposition.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a letter from the' Secretary of State,
inclosing a dispatch from the minister of the
United States at Vienna concerning the ex-
position of the world's industry at Vienna;
which was ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
adjournment till monday.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. KERR. Pending the motion to ad-
journ, I move that when the House adjourns
to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
The motion of Mr. Kerr was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. MAYNARD. There are several gen-
tlemen who desire to address the House in
Committee of the .Whole on the state of the
Union. I suggest that instead of adjourning
now we go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union for the purpose of gen-
eral debate, with the understanding that there
shall be no business whatever transacted for
the remainder of to-day's session.
Mr. SARGENT. I think it is too late for
that to-day. I insist upon my motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at two o'cloek and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned till Monday next.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of G. W.
Pilkington, Jacob Tome, and 106 others, of
Cecil county, Maryland, praying an appropri-
ation for deepening the channel of Elk river
as far as Elkton.
By Mr. BOLES: The memorial and papers
of W. A. Harris, late lieutenant company
B, sixty-third regiment Illinois infantry.
By Mr. LAMISON: The memorial of
Phoebe Courtwright, of Mercer county, Ohio,
praying to be placed on the pension-roll of
the United States.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition of James
Patterson, of company G, one hundred and
eighty-third regiment Pennsylvania volunteers,
for a pension.
Also, the petition of Robert Thompson,
late a lieutenant colonel one hundred anil
fifteenth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers,
asking such congressional relief as relates to
his pension.
