1034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
body, to make charges against the Govern-
ment and to obtain vouchers for those charges
for double the price of commodities which
they furnished. I do not know any reason
why a different ruling should prevail in Mon-
tana from that which prevails in other sections
of the country. Certainly this would not be
tolerated anywhere else.
The very fact that General Hardie being
required, as he was, not to reject these claims
on the ground that they were fraudulent, that
they were more than could be justly asked for,
but to ascertain what was reasonably due—
the very fact that he rejects over $450,000 of
these claims, reduces the claims to that enorm-
ous extent, expresses very clearly the judg-
ment he pronounoes upon the whole transac-
tion. The House is compelled in voting for
this bill, if they appropriate the sum of five
hundred and odd thousand dollars out of the
Treasury, to do so with the fall knowledge of
the fact that it comes here from official sources
that these claims against the Government were
fraudulent, that they were fraudulent in their
purpose; that these parties intended to take
from the Treasury a larger amount than was
due them. And the very facts that I have
mentioned justifies the charge which has gone
into history that this war was provoked, not
gotten up for the purpose of resisting invasion
of the rights of the settlers, but for the pur-
pose of provoking hostilities and bringing upon
that section of the country the heavy expendi-
ture resulting from a state of war.
For one, while I would go to any extent to
protect every settler in the enjoyment of abso-
lute security against the savage tribes in his
section of the country, I would look with ab-
horrence upon a war gotten up and carried
on for the purpose of bringing resources and
revenues into the Territory.
I desire to call the attention of the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs [Mr.
Oobukn] to another fact. That is, troops
organized in the Territory of Montana were
never paid by the Government of the United
States. They simply disbursed and carried
off with them the arms and accouterments
furnished to them by the Government.
I think it will be very well to examine this
matter more carefully. While I shall not re-
sist the action of the committee, or of the
House, upon this bill at a period when it can
be better understood, for the present I must
insist that this Committee of the Whole shall
not report this bill to the House. I have no
design to present any facts in opposition to
this measure. But I do desire that it shall pass
with a perfect understanding of its merits, and
of the amount which will be appropriated out
of the Treasury ultimately for the payment
of these claims. I therefore move that this
committee do now rise.
Mr. COBURN. I hope the gentleman will
not insist upon that motion at this time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman desire
to say anything upon this bill?
Mr. COBURN. 1 do desire to say some-
thing.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I will withdraw my
motion.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman who has
just taken his seat has made some reflection
upon the manner in which this report has been
made to the House. It was made 011 the 24th
of May, 1872, many months ago. It was then
printed, and has been a document in the pos-
session of_evcry member since that time.
Mr. HOJLMAN. And recommitted.
Mr. COBURN. Every one could read it.
The gentleman has no right to make any com-
plaint in regard to the method in which this
report and the bill have been brought before
the House. Nothing could be more fair or
more open or more explicit than this report
is in its nature. Every item is set forth, those
approved, those rejected, and those allowed
in part.
The gentleman says, as an objection to the
adoption of this bill, that there was a war there,
and that it was provoked by somebody not
authorized to provoke it. However wrong it
may have been to get up a war with these
Indians, it is a matter of history that the war
did exist. In addition to that, it is also a
matter of history that these expenses were
incurred, and lawfully incurred. They were
genuine expenses for quartermaster's stores,
for wood, hay, oats, barley, horses, mules,
flour, beef, hardware; genuine articles, and
furnished at places where their prices were
very high.
The Inspector General of the Army, Gen-
eral Hardie, has gone out to that country,
made an investigation, and fixed a scale of
prices, much lower than the amounts actually
charged. The committee call upon the House
to approve a report which allows for clothing
twenty-five to forty per cent., for arms thirty
to forty per cent., for saddles thirty to forty
per cent., for medicines forty to sixty per cent.,
for hardware thirty to forty per cent, less than
the claimants charge. We do not ask the
House to approve the high prices which the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] talks
about; nothing of the kind. This officer of
the Army, after a fair and thorough investiga-
tion, makes a report, which was examined for
I think nearly a month by a sub-committee
of the Committee on Military Affairs. Cer-
tainly, since I have been a member of Con-
gress, no sub-committee within my recollection
has labored more assiduously than did this
one in endeavoring to ascertain the facts. We
could not, of course, bring witnesses here from
Montana ; but the Inspector General was ex-
amined thoroughly on the accounts from begin-
ning to end.
Now, what is the measure before the
House ? Does it propose to pay absolutely even
what General Hardie has allowed? Nothing
of the kind. The bill does not appropriate a
cent, but provides expressly that the officers
of the_ Treasury shall inspect every one of
these items which have been gone over by
General Hardie, and shall in no event allow
more than he reported ; that " in such inves-
tigation the testimony taken by General Har-
die in relation thereto shall be received in
evidence, but the same shall not be regarded
as conclusive unless said officers are satisfied
therewith.''
Although this matter has been fully investi-
gated, yet by the provisions of this bill the
officers of the Treasury Department are author-
ized to make a still further investigation. If
my colleague has any proof against the cor-
rectness of any of the claims here reported, it
will be not only his right, but his duty to go
before the Treasury officials and let them know
the names of the witnesses who will establish
the falsity of the claim, or that there has been
an overcharge. Any citizen of the Govern-
ment can go before the Treasury officials and
contest the payment of every single dollar that
is proposed to be allowed. By this bill every
honest man in the country, be he a member
of Congress or not, is called upon to see that
the interests of the Government do not suffer
in this matter. If any of these claims be
fraudulent or in any respect improper, it will
be a perfectly easy matter to prevent payment.
I will say frankly that when this matter came
before our committee, I almost instinctively
decided in my own mind to go against it be-
cause the amount seemed so large, the war out
of which the claims arose seemed so causeless,
and so many of the claims seemed to be trumped
up. But when I came to inquire of the In-
spector General; when I came to look at the
amount of the reductions he had made; when
I came to see that the parties had in good faith
furnished these supplies and the Government
had the use of them ; that the military forces
were called out upon what seemed to be reg-
ular authority from the War Department, I
could not see how we could avoid a settlement
with men who had surrendered their property
to the Government in an emergency which
nobody apparently was able to avoid.
Mr. DONNAN. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. I entered a motion that the commit-
tee rise and report the bill favorably to the
House, The motion of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] as 1 understand, is
that the committee rise. If this motion be
ordered down, will it not be in order for us to
rise and report the bill favorably 1
The CHAIRMAN. It will.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Holman, that the committee rise, there
were—ayes 12, noes 54 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. DONNAN. I believe we do not need
a quorum upon that question.
Mr. RANDALL. It needs a quorum to
give any force to a recommendation of the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DONNAN. This is not a recommend-
ation.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will not ask a further
count, but move to strike out the enacting
clause of the bill. The vote upon that ques-
tion will ascertain whether a quorum is pres-
ent.
Mr. DONNAN. I submit the question
whether that motion is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order. It is
equivalent to a motion in the House to lay a
bill on the table.
The question being taken on the motion
of Mr. Holman to strike out the enacting
clause, there were—ayes 10, noes 55; no quo-
rum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Donnan were appointed.
The committee divided ; and tho tellers re-
ported—ayes 20, noes 84 ; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will direct the
Clerk to call the roll.
_ Mr. STORM. I move that the Committee
rise.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. Nothing is in order,
I believe, but a call of the roll.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes ; the motion to rise
is in order.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Storm, there were—ayes 21, noes 70 ; no
quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair, under the
rule, the committee finding itself without a
quorum, will direct the roll to be called.
The roll was then called, aud the following
members failed to answer to their names :
Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Ames, Averill, Rarnum.
Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck, Bigby. Biggs,
Bird, Austin Blair, Boarman, Braxton, Brooks,,
Buckley, Bunnell, Roderick R. Butler, Campbell,
Carroll, Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Conner, Crete,
Creely, Crocker, Darrall, Davis, Dickey, DuBosn,
Mdredge lily Esty, Earwoll, Forker, Charles
p oster, Henry D. Foster, Fryc, Garfield, Goodrich,
Ilaldeman, Halsey, Hambletun, Hanks, Harmer,
John 1. Harris, Havens, Hays, Hereford, Hemdon,
Houghton, Kellogg, Killinger, Kinsella, Leach.
Lynch, McHenry, McJunkin, McKee, McNeely
Benjamin 1. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Morey
Morgan Morphis, Orr, Isaac C. Parker, Perce,
Piatt, Poland, Porter, Potter, Prindle, Rainey,
Read. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie,
William R. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Seeley,
cessions, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, Sloss, Worth-
lngton C. Smith Snapp Speer, Stoughton, Swann,
bypher, Taffe, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill,
iyner Voorhees, Waddell, Wakcman, Warren,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitthornc, Williams of New
York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood.
I he committee rose ; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Willard report-
ed that the Committee of the Whole House
had had the Private Calendar under consider-
ation, and particularly ajoint resolution (H. R.
No. 23) to enable the Secretary of War to pay
the expenses incurred in suppressing Indian
hostilities in the Territory of Montana in the
year 1867, and finding itself without a quo-
rum, had caused the roll to be called, and
directed him to report the absentees to the
House, to be entered upon the Journal.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and thirty
members having answered to their names,
"ore than a quorum, the Committee of the
Whole House will now resume its session.
