1873.
THE C0NGK1SSI0NAL GLOBE.
1035
Mr. COX. Is it not in order for me to make
a motion to adjourn before the committee re-
sumes its session?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar then resumed its session,
Mr. Willard in the chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The question before
the House is the Montana Indian war claims
resolution.
Mr. COX. I move that the committee rise.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 27, noes 36.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. DONNAN. I move that the committee
rise and report the resolution to the House,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. HOLM AN. I ask that the bill be read.
Mr. DONNAN. Read the committee's
substitute.
The substitute was again read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to add to this sub-
stitute the words "to the original claimant
only."
Mr. DONNAN. Is that amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the
opinion that any amendment is in order be-
fore the committee rises to report the joint
resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. The reason why I wish to
have those words added is this: it is currently
understood this measure is being carried
through by parties who are not the original
claimants. It is said many of these claims have
been assigned to various parties who are now
pressing them upon the Government; that they
are owned in part by a national bank in New
York; that these claims have been regarded
as questionable against the Government and
have been sold for trivial sums; that the_ claim-
ants have now formed a powerful combination
and seek to obtain this half million dollars
from the Treasury on claims upon which they
have paid a mere trifle. I insist if this money
is to be appropriated it shall go to the persons
originally entitled to it, and not to speculators.
I submit upon high public grounds my amend-
ment should be adopted. The practice has
become too common and too dangerous, it
seems to me, of allowing champerty in our
legislation.
Mr. DAWES. I will say to my friend from
Indiana there is a law upon the statute-books
now which makes all such assignments void.
So, if they exist, if they have been sold and
transferred to banks or anybody else, there is
a law of Congress which makes such assign-
ments void.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not the gentleman
from Massachusetts know this, by necessary
implication, inasmuch as this is to be paid to
the lawful holders, repeals, so far as these
claims are concerned, that general law to which
he refers? Therefore, I insist my amendment
should be adopted.
Mr. DAWES. It seems to me that if there
was a law against such an assignment it would
be invalid.'
Mr. HOLMAN. This act would necessarily
repeal that provision. But does the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, supposing he is right,
see any impropriety in incorporating this pro-
vision into this bill?
Mr. DAWES. You would only be reenacting
an existing law.
Mr. CLAGETT. I do not desire to renew
the discussion ; but I wish to state that I do
not agree with the gentleman from Indiana as
to the facts.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to add to my
amendment the words "or his personal reP"
resentative, but no assignment of any such
claim shall be valid."
The CHAIRMAN. That modification will
be made. , ,
Mr. TERRY. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and beg leave to state very briefly the
ground of my opposition to it. These lia-
bilities were contracted in 1867. The holders
of these claims, many of them, have been
utterly unable to keep them. They have been
compelled from necessity to transfer them;
and I want to know what right the Govern-
ment has to step in between the assignee and
the original holder. The only question that
presents itself to my mind is this : does the
Government owe what is here claimed? If
it owes the amount, it has no right to inquire
who the holder is. That is a question between
the assignor and assignee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Terry] this question:
whether it is not a very dangerous rule to allow
the assignment of these claims against the
Government so that, when purchased by per-
sons who are successful lobbyists, they may be
enabled to come before Congress with a strong
power of combination to secure the passage of
this class of bills? We may apprehend an
unusual pressure on the action of Congress
when there are a multitude of claimants resid-
ing in Montana, or elsewhere, urging claims no
longer in the hands of the original holders.
The very existence of the law to which the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
has referred shows that Congress has always
deemed it daDgerous and against public policy
to allow these claims to be purchased up, lest
it should result in dangerous expedients to
secure legislation.
Mr. PERCE. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holmak]
to the fact that in 1853 Congress passed a law
declaring that any assignment made by any
party holding a claim against the United States
should not be valid unless such assignment
was made subsequent to the passage of the
claim, and the declaration by the proper
authorities that the money should be paid.
That is the contract which exists in regard to
these claims. It is the law which governs the
contract,, and that contract cannot be changed
by any law we now make.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no constitutional
question raised here. But this law, by its
own terms, repeals the act of 1853. It pro-
vides for the payment, not to the claimant,
but to the lawful holder.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to hear the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] read again.
Mr. COS. Would it be in order now to
move that the committee rise ?
Mr. RANDALL. Let the amendment be
read.
The amendment was again read, as follows:
Add to tho bill the following words : "And to the
original claimant only, or his personal represent-
ative, but no assignment of any suetr-claim shall be
valid."
Mr. DAWES. That is precisely the law
now.
Mr. COX. I move that the committee rise.
The motion that the committee rise was
disagreed to—ayes 30, noes 70.
Mr. DONNAN. I move that the amend-
ment recommended by the Committee^ on
Military Affairs as a substitute for the joint
resolution be adopted.
Mr. CONGER. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Doxnan] whether it is the inten-
tion of the bill that only the testimony pre-
sented to General Hardie shall be used before
the accounting officers ?
Mr. DONNAN. Not at all; any testimony
may be received.
Mr. CONGER. I should like to hear the
portion of the bill relating to that point read
again.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is on the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holmak.]
The committee divided; and there were
ayes 39, noes 70; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rale, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Holmax and Mr.
Doxnan.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the amendment tobe
again reported. I think it must be misunder-
stood, for it is certainly right.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. CONGER. I would like to know what
is mea,nt by the words, " or his personal repre-
S6QtditiV6 ''
The CHAIRMAN. That is not a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported ayes—50, noes 71.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
substitute reported by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Mr. STORM. I move to amend the sub-
stitute reported by the committee by adding
thereto the following:
That the amount that shall be paid to any assignee
under this act shall not exceed the amount paid by
h im to the assignor on account of any such claim.
Mr. DONNAN. I have no objection to
that amendment being adopted.
Mr. DAWES. I think that amendment
would legalize an assignment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Of course it would; it
would exactly authorize an assignment.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the Clerk to read the
section of law which I send up.
The Clerk read as follows:
That all transfers and assignments hereafter made
of any claim upon the United States, or any part or
share thereof, or interest therein, whether absolute
or conditional, and whatever may be the conditions
therefor, and all powers! of attorney, orders, or other
authorities for receiving payment of any such
claim, or any part or share thereof, shall be abso-
lutely null ana void unless the same shall be freely
made and executed in the presence of at least two
attesting witnesses after the allowance of such
claim, the ascertainment of the amount due and the
issuing of a warrant for the payment thereof.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. What is the
date of that law ?
Mr. DAWES. February 26, 1853.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire still further to
call the attention of the House to the import-
ance of this amendment. It is an extraor-
dinary thing that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] should insist that this
old statute does apply to the claims under this
bill, that the bill does not repeal that law, and
that the ingrafting on this bill of that pro-
vision is not carrying that law into effect.
Mr. DAWES. I do not object to that
amendment; I only tell the gentleman that it
is unnecessary.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no reason why
we should not ingraft upon this bill a provis-
ion which we have ingrafted upon all bills to
pay past claims.
Mr. DAWES. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Storm] would
legalize an assignment of these claims.
Air. HOLMAN. I think the gentleman
from Pennsylvania did not see the exact effect
of his amendment. It would simply carry out
the spirit of the original bill. It is to pay
money to the assignees of these claims, _ as
shown by the report of General Hardie, which
are held by others than the original holders.
Mr. DAWES. There is nothing m the
text of the bill that authorizes payments to
assignees. , , . , „
Mr. HOLMAN. It says that the claim shall
be paid to the legal holders thereof.
Mr. DAWES. Yes; the legal holders, which
means those who are legally entitled to this
money under the law of the land.
Mr. HOLMAN. The accounting officers of
the Treasury will look to the report in this
case to see what Congress meant.
Mr. STORM. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ELD HEDGE. I would ask the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Holmak,] if there ever
was an honest claim before this House, or one
that, in his judgment, ought to pass, unless he
reported it himself ? .
Mr. HOLMAN. I will state that, during a
somewhat protracted service here, I have at
long intervals met with honest claims.
Mr. SARGENT. If this claim were from
Indiana the gentleman would be in favor of it.
