1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
KSPORT OF A COMMITTEE. I
Mr. MORTON. I am directed bythe Com- 1
mittee oil Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 12121 to refund to the
States the interest on money borrowed to equip,
pay, supply, and transport troops for the ser-
vice of the United States in the reeeut war,
to report it favorably. I beg leave to say that
in my opinion this is a measure of justice
which has been too long delayed, and I shall
claim the attention of the Senate, and ask
them to take up the bill for action, at a very
early day.
TERRITORIAL LAWS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented two
copies of the acts, resolutions, and memorials
passed and adopted by the Legislative Assem-
bly of the Territory of Utah, at the twentieth
annual session, 1872; which were referred to
the Committee on Territories.
BILIJ INTRODUCBD.
Mr. POMEROY. I hare the honor to pre-
sent a bill not drawn by myself, but embracing,
as I think, a measure of relief for settlers upon
the Cherokee neutral lands in the State of
Kansas. These settlers have been there for
many years, bat now by a decision of the Su-
preme Court they find themselves bereft of
title. This bill is intended to afford them this
relief: to allow them to enter other public
lands of the United States in lieu of those that
they have lost, as they think, by a decision of
the court, they waiving the question of five
years' residence. I ask that this bill, import-
ant to a large interest in my own State, be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 1213) for the relief of
settlers on the Cherokee neutral lands in Kan-
sas ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtaiued, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1214) for the relief of Allen Rutherford ; which
was read twice by its title, referrert^to the
Committee on Pensions, and orde: ■ •. o be
printed.
Mr. WRIGHT (atthe request, as he slated,
of the Delegate from the Territory of New
Mexico) asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to iutroduce a bill (S. No.
1215j providing for the construction of a mili-
tary road in the Territory of New Mexico;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1216) for the relief of Kennedy O'Brian ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Peusions, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1217) relating to the payment of duties;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consen tobtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No 1218) in relation to arrears of pensions to
soldiers and widows of deceased soldiers of
the war of 1812; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by nnanimou3
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1219) authorizing the Secretary of the
Navy to convey in a national vessel the mon-
ument designed by Admiral Porter in memory
of the officers, seamen, and marines of the
Navy who fell in defense of the Union, and
for the admission of the same free of duty;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1220) to fix the time for holding
the annual session of the Supreme Court of
the United States; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
STATISTICS Of AGRICULTURE.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN submitted the fol-
lowing concurrent resolution ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed for the use
of the Commissioner of Agriculture twenty-five hun-
dred additional copies of so muoh of the ninth oensus
as relates to the statistics of agriculture.
HARBOR OF PORTLAND, MAINE!.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be,
and they are hereby, directed to inquire, into the
expediency and propriety of making an appropria-
tion for the improvement of the harbor at Portland,
Maine.
bsd of beaver lake.
Mr. PRATT. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask its present consideration :
Resolved, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate on the disagreeing voteB of the two Houses
on Senate bill No. 616, to release to the State of
Indiana the lands known as the bed of Beaver
Lake, in Newton county, in said State, appointed
at the last session, and who failed to make report,
be. and the same are hereby, reappointed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the reso-
lution?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Chair whether
that resolution is necessary in order to revive
the committee ? That is the only objection I
have to it; I think it is not necessary.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think it is
necessary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Generally speak-
ing, without having time to turn to the parlia-
I mentary history of this case, select com-
mittees expire at the end of a session of
Congress, unless there is some provision for
their extension. The Chair supposes that in
this case this committee expired with the
other special committees authorized to be
appointed during the last session.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have
that question go over for the present. It is
! important as a precedent. It is of no import-
ance in connection with this case.
j The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas desires to look inlo the matter,
and the resolution will lie over.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tivesby Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
I 2994) for the reduction of officers and
expenses of the internal revenue ; and a bill
(BL R. No. 3010) to authorize the construc-
I tion of six steam vessels of \Var, and for other
' purposes; in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
I COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION ROUTES.
Mr. WINDOM. I offer the following res-
lution, and, if there be no objection, I ask for
i its present consideration :
Whereas the productions of our country have
increased much more rapidly than the means of
transportation, and the unprecedented growth of
population and products will in the near future
demand additional facilities and cheaper ones to
reach tide-water; and whereas in his recent mes-
sage the President of the United States invites
the attention of Congress to the fact that it will
be called upon at its present session to con-
i sider "various enterprises for the more certain and
cheaper transportation of the constantly increasing
surplus of western and southern products to the
Atlantis seaboard," and furthersays: "the subject
ig one that will force itself upon the legislative
branch of the Government sooner or later, and 1
suggest, therefore, that immediate steps be taken
to gain all available information to insure equable
ana just legislation." * * * * "I would
therefore suggest either a committee or a commis-
sion to be authorized to consider this wholo ques-
tion, and to report to Congress at some future day
for its better guidance in legislating on this import-
ant subjoct;" Therefore,
Resoh-eJ, That a committee of five be appointed,
to whom shall be referred that part of the Presi-
dent's message relating to transportation routes to
tho seaboard.
Mr. MO.RRILL, of Maine. I prefer that
that resolution should lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over, and be
printed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 2094) for the reduction
of officers and expenses of the internal rev-
enue was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 3010) to authorize the
construction of six steam vessels of war, and
for other purposes, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committeeon Naval Affairs.
THE CALENDAR.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there are no
other Senate resolutions the morning business
has concluded, but the morning hour has not
yetexpired. The Senate will commence to-day
acting under what is generally known as the
Anthony rule, taking up unobjected bills on
the Calendar, at one o'clock. If there be no
objection, as there seems to be no other busi-
ness at present, the Chair will rule that that
time has arrived. If there is other business,
the Chair will wait. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears none. The Secretary will now
read the rule under which the Senate is acting,
the operation of which has just commenced,
and which will be found on the first page upon
the Calendar.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Retolved, That on Monday next, at one o'clock,
the Senate will proceed to the consideration of the
Calendar; and bills that are not objected to shall bo
I taken up in their order, and each Senator shall be
i entitled to speak once, and for fire minutes only, on
i each question; and this order shall be enforced
I daily at one o'clock till the end of the Calendar is
reached, unless, upon motion, the Senate should at
any time otherwise order.
COLLECTION OF CUSTOMS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the first bill on the Calendar.
The Chief Clerk. The first bill on the
Caleadar is a special order, Senate bill No. 2,
to regulate the service in the collection of
customs at the various ports of entry in the
United States, and the disposition of fines,
penalties, and forfeitures incurred under the
laws relating to customs, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, I should bo
glad to have this bill considered by the Senate
at an early day. I should be glad indeed to enter
upon its consideration this day, but I suppose
that is impracticable under this order. I ask
the Clerk to read again the rule under which
we are acting.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will again report the rule under which the
Senate is now acting. It is to reach the un-
objected cases on the Calendar. The Sec-
retary will report the text of the rule.
The Chief Clerk again read the rule.
Mr. FENTON. This is a very important
bill, and I have no doubt the Senate are gen-
erally favorable to it. It has received the
careful consideration of the Committee on
Finance, and of some other committees of the
Senate, but was not reached at the last session,
through no fault of mine, and I suppose
through no fault of others. If it is not ob-
jected to now, I shall be very glad to proceed
with its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ As the Senate
has commenced executing this rule, the Chair
will call the attention of Senators to its
phraseology: "bills that are not objected to
shall be taken up in their order." If a bill is
objected to, it cannot be taken up ; but if it is
not objected to, then it shall be taken up iu
its order, '' and each Senator shall be entitled
to speak once, and for five minutes only, ou
