1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
Superior. The hret committee of conference |
was unable to agree. The Senate further !
insisted and asked a further conference, when
the House adhered to its amendment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The House have takeu
a very decided stand against the passage of
that bill. I think it had better go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go over.
The Secretary will report the next bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is not that the end of
the bill when the House adhere?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate might
recede from its disagreement to the House
amendment or might again ask a conference.
On page 273 of the Manual there are a dozen
quotations from Hatsell, where after an adher-
ence one House has yielded to a further con-
ference or the other has receded.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was not aware of those
precedents.
steamboat law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the title of the next bill reported by
a committee of conference at the last session.
The Chief Ci.erk. The next bill reported
by a committee of conference, on the Caleudar,
is the bill (H. R. No. 2116) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for the better
security of life on board of vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam, aud tor other
purposes,1' approved February 28, 1871.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This was known
at the last session as the ''steamboat bill," on
which there was some considerable discussion.
A conference committee reported on the sub-
ject, but no action was takeu before the
adjournment of Congress. The question is on
agreeing to the report of the committee of
conference.
Mr. CONKLING. That bill, I think, had
belter lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
The title of the next bill will be read.
thkodorb adams.
The Chief Clerk. The next report of a
conference committee is on the bill (H. R.
No. 2046) for the relief of Theodore Adams.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A committee of
c nference reported on this bill. The Senate
proceeded to consider the report, and the
Senator from California [Mr. Cole] moved
to recommit the bill and report to the com-
mittee of conference. The question is on the
recommitment.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will not be
done. Why not act on it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection to action, the Chair will put the
question on recommitment.
Mr. POMEROY. My recollection was, that
the Senator from California [Mr. Cole] moved
to recommit on account of an appropriation
bill, not that he wanted to recommit this
matter, but he wanted to get it out of the way
at the close of the session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California desire to withdraw his
motion?
Mr. COLE. No, sir, I Bo not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to recommit the report of the
committee of conference.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is on agreeing to the report of the con-
ference committee, if there is no objection to
its consideration.
Mr. CONKLING. I was one of those who
at the last session objected to this bill. I have
been told since by gentlemen whom I cannot
doubt several things which lead me to question
very much the supposition that 1 had, and I
would be glad if some Senator from the Com-
mittee on Claims or some other Senator who
knows about this case would be kind enough
to state the mere matter of amounts—the
original amount, what the commission did,
what the report of the Committee on Claims
was, and the report of the committee of
co n ference.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania can do that.
Mr. CONKLING. There is no opportunity
to look it up, and it will take but a moment.
If I was wrong about this, I shall be glad to
withdraw niv opposition.
Mr. SCOTT. I simply rise to respond to
the inquiry made by the Senator from New
York, having reported this bill from the Com-
mittee on Claims, and I will eudeavor to do
so as briefly as I can.
The bill was debated at very considerable
length at the last session. The inquiry which
the Senator makes is what the action of the
committee was. In the first instance, the
committee reported in favor of the payment of
$39,000, that being the amount which the
Court of Claims had found would be due to the
claimant if his case were to be considered upon
a quantum meruit. The House had passed
the bill for the payment of $112,000, that be-
ing the amount which the Court of Claims
had actually entered judgment for. That
judgment was reversed in the Supreme Court,
as was alleged upon a technicality. The Sen-
ate passed the bill as it was reported from the
Senate Committee on Claims. The House
refused to agree to that amendment It went
to a committee of conference, and the com-
mittee reported back the sum originally fixed
by the House, $112,000 instead of $39,000.
That is its present position.
Mr. CONKLING. Had not a commission
appointed by the War Department, an ex parte
commission, something to do with it?
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir, that is part of the
history.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not want the his-
tory, but I ask the Senator to state what was
the claim before that commission and what
was the award of the commission?
Mr. SCOTT. I cannot answer the inquiry
in figures. The amount which the commission
awarded was paid and a receipt given under
protest for that amount, and it was after that
payment and that receipt that the action was
brought in the Court of Claims and judgment
rendered for the $112,000.
Mr. CONKLING. In spite of the receipt,
the court knowing all about it?
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir, in spite of the re-
ceipt.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On what ground was the
judgment of the Court of Claims reversed in
the Supreme Court?
Mr. SCOTT. The judgment of the Court
of Claims was reversed by the Supreme Court;
in the first instance upon the ground that the
claimant had made a submission of his claim
to this extra-judicial commission. Upon an
application to send it back to the Court of
Claims to correct that finding, the Supreme
Court admitted that that ground was a mistake,
that there had not actually been a submission,
but treated the receipt as having barred him.
The case is a somewhat complicated one, and
if there is a desire to again open the discus-
sion and go into it, it will take a much longer
time than five minutes to discuss it, because
the speeches that were made here at the last
session for it or against it occupied perhaps
two or three hours.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, if I now under-
stand the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, the Supreme Court finally rested its
decision upon the ground that this man had
voluntarily received from the Government a
certain sum in full settlement, as was evidenced
by the receipt which he had given to the
Department.
Mr. SCOTT. Does the Senator make the
inquiry of me?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir. Iwasstating,
if I correctly understood it, the ground finally
upon which the Supreme Court reversed the
judgment of the Court of Claims and dis-
missed the application.
Mr. SCOTT. The ground upon which they
finally reversed it was that he did receive the
money which he was authorized to receive
under the act of Congress paying the awards
of the commission, and did receipt for it in
full. They do not say that he had voluntarily
dont  so, because when he did give the receipt,
he protested against it, and only took the
money upon the ground that it was the best he
could do at that time. That is one of the
questions that enter into a discussion of this
case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it had better go
over, Mr. President.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects, and the bill will go
over. The Secretary will report the next and
last of the reports of committees of conference.
br idg ks across tiik ohio iuver.
The Chief Clerk. The next is the report
of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(H R. No. 827) to authorize the construction
of bridges across the Ohio river, and to pre-
scribe the dimensions of the same.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon this sub-
ject the committee of conference has made f
report, and the question is on agreeing to thw
report of the Committee of Conference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have it read.
The Chief Clerk read the report of the com
mittee, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.827)
to authorize the construction of bridges across the
Ohio river and to prescribe the dimensions of the
same, having met, after full and free conference
have recommended, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from its amendment on
page 4, lines eleven, twelve, thirteen, and fourteen,
numbered sixteen.
That the House reoede from its disagreement to
amendments of the Senate numbered from one to
fifteen inclusive.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the seventeenth amendment.
JOHN SCOTT,
A. I. BOBEMAN,
A. G. TI1URMAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JAMES S. NEGLEY,
W. S. HOLMAN,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to have
read, not with a view of objecting to it, for I
think I am for it, the amendment which
relieves tow-boats on the western waters from
a certain regulation about the pressure of
steam to the square inch.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
indicate the number of that amendment?
Mr. SCOTT. It is No. 17.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the seventeenth amendment.
The Chief Clerk. The seventeenth amend-
ment is to insert the following additional sec-
tion :
And be it further enacted, That the provisions of
an act entitled "An act to provide for the better
security of life on vessels propelled in whole or in
part by steam," &o , approved February 28, 1871, so
far as they relate to the limitation of steam pressure
of steamboats used exclusively for towing and carry-
ing freight on the Mississippi river and its tributa-
ries, are hereby so far modified as to substitute for
such boats one hundred and fifty pounds of steam
pressure in place of one hundred and ten pounds as
provided in said act for the standard pressure upon
standard boilers of forty-two inches diameter, and
of plates of one quarter of an inch in thickness; and
sucn boats may, on the written permit of the super-
vising inspector of the district in which such boats
shall carry on their business, for a period of twelve
months from and after the passage of this act, be
permitted to carry steam above the standard pres-
sure of one hundred and ten pounds, but not ex-
ceeding the standard pressure of one hundred and
fifty pounds to the square inch.
Mr. CONKLING. I have asked to have this
section read in order to call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that this is the case of hardship
complained of, and that this provision, as I
understand, (and I am going to vote for it, be-
cause after inquiry I think it is right,) covers
the whole ground and will relieve freight boats
upon the western waters from a restriction
which their owners insistis onerous. My object
