1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1997
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 44, noes 54; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Eldredge and
Mr. Roosevelt.
The committee .again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 67; noes 65.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is next
on the motion of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Roosevelt] to strike out the para-
graph.
Mr. COBURN. I renew my amendment
now as an amendment to the paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add to the paragraph the following words:
Provided, The Government of the United States
shall not be liable for any expenditure forsaid land,
or for the purchase-money therefor, or for the build-
ing to be erected thereon, and no land for the use
thereof is hereby granted for the purpose of erect-
ing aDy buildings thereon for such building.
The question was taken on Mr. Cobuen's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Roosevelt's
motion to strike out the paragraph ; and being
put, there were on a division—ayes four, noes
not counted.
So the motion was not agre.ed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Chairman, I move
to strike out that paragraph. Before we invite
the world to visit us at our great centennial cele-
bration of national independence, let us con-
sider whether our house is in order, our capi-
tal city, which all must visit; and if it be not as
we would have it, let us make it so. I would
contribute to that end if I could hope for suc-
cess ; but the subject is very delicate and hazard-
ous; I do not dare say aught against the Dis-
trict or the people. Nobody dares, for does
not the Delegate [Mr. Chipman] stand hereon
guard to warn us ?
Mr. CHIPMAN. There is no good ground.
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly. No ground
at all, good, bad, or indifferent, natural or
made. But if there were ground I would not
venture on it; for yesterday when I made an
unguarded remark I was driven back by the
gallant Delegate, and took up what I thought
a safer position. [Laughter.] And now comes
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Potter,]
the fashionable Representative of the city,
"the glass of fashion and the mold of form,"
and drives me off again. [Laughter.] Sir, I
retreat, I retract, I recede and secede; I charge
nothing, deny nothing. Let every gentleman
have it as he will, and enjoy his own opinion.
Washington is like St. Paul, all things to
all men, that she may win some. Various as the
pictures of a kaleidoscope; yet each man
seems to see but one picture. She'hasthe
rich and the poor; the high and the low; the
brunette and the blonde; the aristocracy, the
democracy, the b ureaucracy, and the autocracy,
and yet all together is one harmonious, many-
colored, cosmopolitan community. She is
beautiful as a rainbow, yet fixed as a star,
adorning the " blue," making bright the glori-
ous night. She is'fair as.a bride adorned for
the bridegroom, yet she is continually adorn-
ing herself. [Laughter.] Let her become
fairer and fairer till the citizens of the world
come to meet our welcome in '70.
She is strong as a giant " refreshed with
new wine." Yet she is ever asking national
assistance. Let us continue to assist her.
How can we decline?
Her planted paths are pleasantness and all
her ways are peace ; and yet she is perpetu-
ally improving her ways, even her highways,
ami curving her paths through stately parks
in lines of beauty, and making war on all who
would withstand her. Let her go on with her
" improvements." What else has she to do? I
Sir, I shall soon bid her adieu ; and this is
my valedictory. Alas I I may never see her
again. And in parting 1 wish her all felicity,
and say to all her people : " Here's health to
you and your families; may you live long and
porsper." [Laughter.]
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I move to strike out
the last word of the paragraph.
Mr. RANDALL. I raise the point of order
that these gentlemen are not discussing the
paragraph under consideration.
Mr. STEVENSON. I withdraw my amend-
ment. I would not strike this paragraph out
for the world.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I renew the motion
to strike out this paragraph. The gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredge] spoke about
the disgust with which my remarks in regard
to affairs in this District were listened to by
this House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I raise the point of order
that the gentleman is on the same side with
the gentleman who last addressed the commit-
tee, [Mr. Stevenson.]
Mr. ROOSEVELT. No, I am not; I am
entirely opposed to that gentleman.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I raise the
point of order that the question before the
House is an appropriation to print certificates
for the centennial celebration at Philadelphia
in accordance with law. I insist that the gen-
tleman should speak on that subject if at all.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Will not the gentle-
man allow me a few moments?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not a moment,
except in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must
proceed in order.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I will reach the point
in a moment if the gentleman will give me
time enough. I was about to refer to the fact
that the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
redge] said 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I insist upon
my point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled
upon the point of order, and the gentlemau
from New York [Mr. Roosevelt] will proceed
in accordance with it.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Mr. Chairman, I have
not began yet; I have not even finished a single
sentence. I hope the gentleman will allow me,
in a spirit of fair play, to reply in a few remarks
to the attack made upon me, I think I ought to
be allowed that in a spirit of fairness.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We must have
an end to discussion some time.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. The gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredge] who has fled so
hastily from the Hall—I am sorry he is not
here to listen to what I now say—spoke of the
disgust with which this House has listened to
some remarks of mine concerning the Board
of Public Works in this District. He said that
I had repeated my statements ad nauseam. I
have no doubt the gentleman was disgusted
with some of the statements I have made, and
that he was disgusted at the motion I made.
But the gentleman certainly did me great
injustice when he stated that I accused him of
being interested in the Board of Public Works.
Sir, it was very much otherwise. I accused
him of innocence, not of being interested;
of innocence, and simplicity of heart, and
purity. It was all because of innocence on his
part that he went before our committee last
year and put questions in defense of the Board
of Public Works. He was more effective in
behalf of the Board of Public Works than any
paid counsel could have been. By his efforts
he succeeded in giving that board another
year's lease of power.
I did not accuse the gentleman of receiving
anything for his vote or influence. I did not
say he was interested in the matter. I said it
was innocence on his part, and we all know
how innocent, the gentleman is. And I can say
of him that when he has stood up here in this
House so of en upon this subject he has per-
haps created a little disgust here, disgust on
our side of the House at least, as he cast vote
after vote for the Board of Public Works,
standing solitary and alone among the Demo-
crats. It was his innocence, of course, not at
all because he was interested, that he had any-
thing behind, or anything that he did not wish
to have disturbed, any private interest in the
matter. It was owing altogether to his inno-
cence that he did that, the innocence which he
has shown so frequently to the House.: But
his greatest specimen of innocence was whea
he spoke of me as representing Tammany Hall.
That confirmed everything I had said about
his innocence.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I must move
that the committee now rise for the purpose
of obtaining from the House an order to close
debate on the first section of this bill, unless I
can obtain unanimous consent of the commit-
tee that it shall soon close.
Mr. HIBBARD. I do not want to say much,
but I desire to move an, amendment to this
paragraph before the question is taken upon
the motion to strike out.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Very well; I
hope there will be no more debate.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to amend this
paragraph by adding the following: .
Provided, That this appropriation is made and
shall only be drawn from the Treasury by said board
of finance upon the express understanding that no
further appropriation on account of said centennial
anniversary shall be hereafter made.
Mr. .RANDALL. It will be time enough
to do that when the centennial commission
asks it.
Mr. L. MYERS. I hope the amendment will
be withdrawn. This paragraph is in pursuance
of law.
Mr. HIBBARD. The gentleman from Ohio
has told us that this appropriation is in > ac-
cordance with law. I believe, on the contrary,
that the act passed March. 8, 1871, providing
for the holding of this anniversary was passed
upon a contrary understanding.
Mr. KELLEY. The board of finance has
nothing to do with this matter. It is for
the Secretary of the Treasury to apply the
appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman "from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard] has rec-
ognized this paragraph as being properly in
the bill because he has himself proposed to
amend it.
Mr. HIBBARD. Certainly. The act to
which I was referring contains this clause:
"And the United States shall not be liable for any
expenses attending sueh exhibition or by reason of
the same.-"
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not object to this
appropriatiou ; but I. propose that we shall
use stronger and more specific language in
order to close the door to further appropria-
tion in behalf of this anniversary.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. If I
thought there was any possible danger that
the amendment would be adopted, I would
wish to debate it. I hope, however, the House
will vote it down.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The motion to strike out the paragraph was
not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows r
For rent of the fifth btory of the building occu-
pied by the Department of Justice, from January
1 to June 30,1873, $10,000.
Mr.- FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
the paragraph just read. I do not see why
810,000 should be paid for the rent of the fifth
story of the Freedmen's Bank for six months.
That is at the rate of $20,000 a year, and for
the fifth story 1 At that rate we must be paying
for the rent of this building more than the
building itself cost. It strikes me that there is
a great job in this.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Attorney
General found it necessary to have more room
to accommodate his Department, He needed
a part of the fifth story. There was another
part of the fifth story that the owners of the
building were about to rent to private parties.
If it were thus rented individuals not con-
nected with the public service must pass up and
down through all tho stories now occupied by
