3998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
the Departmentof Justice ; and thus additional
watchmen would be required to attend the
doors and take care ot the building. The
Attorney General came before the committee
and showed it would be more economical for
us to rent the whole floor, and thus save the
salaries of two or three additional watchmen,
than to pay rent for just the portion that we
needed. The committee were satisfied that
it ought to be done.
Mr. FABNSWORTH. Does the gentleman
mean to suy it is cheaper to be paying $20,000
a year for this filth story than to pay two or
tlilee watchmen?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly it is ;
we should have to rent about half of it any way ;
and if we rentthe whole of it, we avoid the neces-
sity for additional watchmen, as the watchmen
already engaged on the lower floors will be
suflicient. To allow persons not connected
with the Department to be passing through all
the stores would, in the opinion of the Attor-
ney General, be a serious inconvenience, and
would endanger the public property.
Mr. HOAR. I wish to inquire how much
this whole building rents for, if the fifth story
rents for $20,000 a year.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 have the fig-
ures hero, and will refer to them in a moment.
J ask the Committee of the Whole to pass over
this matter informally.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
that will be done.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read as toliows:
For fitting u|> rooms twenty-two, twenty-three,
ami twenty-tour, anil -connecting hall, in above
building, and furnishing tlio same, $1,000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to offer
the following to come in after the paragraph
just read:
To enablo the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of
Representatives to pay the members of the Forty-
I'irst Congress from the State of Mississippi for the
time embraced in the period between the 4th day
ot March, 1809, and the 30th day of November, 1869,
a sufficient sum is hereby appropriated.
Mr. HOLMAN. I thought the gentleman
was offering a substitute. Hotli I understand
are passed over.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
the House passed a resolution to pay the Mis-
sissippi members out of the contingent fund
of the House, and directed the Committee on
Appropriations to make .provision for it. We
present this amendment under the order of
the House. The gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Peters,] a member of the Committee on the
Judicary, knows all about the facts of the
case, having reported the resolution from that
committee.
Mr. HALE. I am also directd by the Com-
imtte on Appropriations to move to amend
the amendment in accordance with a resolu-
tion of the House, as follows.
The Clerk read as follows :
To enable the Clerk of the House to nay the Rep-
resentative lroia the first district of Ohio, as pro-
vided in the House resolution of Februaiy 24,1871),
his compensation from the 11th df>_y of July, 1872, to
December 2, 1872, the sum of $l,9o8 33, to be added
to the contingent fund of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, one word.
I think the next thing to paying what is
exactly right is that we should act on these
cases with full knowledge ol what is before
the House. I understand the case to be this,
that the gentleman representing that district
in this Congress tesigued on the date referred
to, the 11th of July, to take effect on the 1st
day of November following.
Mr. HALE. No; but when his successor
was chosen and qualified.
Mr. HOLMAN, As I understand, and I
wish to call the attention of the gentlemau
fiom Maine to that fact, the salary was paid to
the preceding Representative, Mr. Perry, from
that day to the 1st of December. Am I cor-
rect?
Mr. HALE. That is true.
Mr. HOLMAN. Now the proposition is to
pay the present Representative back to a time
prior to his election, covering the period from
June to December, for which the Government
has already paid his predecessor. The only
question to be considered is this: is that a
proper thing to be done? While 1 should be
glad to see my friend from Ohio get this, never
theless we must inquire whether it is a proper
thing to -be done. The vacancy occurred in
December. Now, is it proper we shall go back
when no vacancy existed, and pay this salary
when it has already been paid?
Mr. HALE. So far as the committee rep-
resented by me in this matter can answer the
gentleman, I will say the House, on February
24, passed the following resolution, which the
Clerk will read.
The Clerk read a3 follows:
llt'iolred. That Ozko J. Dodds, a Representative
iroin the first district of Ohio, be paid compensa-
tion from the 11th day of July last, the day of his
predecessors' resignation, and the same bo paid out
of the contingent fund of the House.
Passed the House of Representatives, February
2-1,1873.
Mr. HALE. We considered that an in-
struction to the Committee on Appropria-
tions. I think no. gentleman will deny the
committee was justified in takingthat ground.
The House had passed the resolution and
directed it to be paid, and it only required the
money to be appropriated to execute the order
of the House. That resolution was passed,
and the reasons for it are better known to my
colleague, [Mr. Peteiis.] who reported it from
the Committee on the Judiciary, anu I yield to
him a portion of my time to explain the facts
in the case.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, the first
reason why it ought to pass is that the House
has already resolved on the subject.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to hear
the gentlemen state the reasons why that res-
olution was reported from the Committee on
the Judiciary ?
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Perry resigned on July
14, to take effect when his successor was
elected and qualified in his stead, thereby get-
ting for one congressional attendance one
year and nine months' salary, and giving his
successor, the preseut member, who serves in
one session of Congress, only three months'
salary. The committee were very much in
doubt whether a man could make a resigna
tion to take effect in futuro, and if he could
doit, whether it was fair to do so. Looking
over all the precedents, in consequence of the
doubt upon the subject, we ascertained the
invariable precedent has been in the House
to pay the successor from the date of the res-
ignation of the predecessor. While Mr.
Perry, who was here one session of Congress
and for one year's attendance has received a
year and nine months' salary, the committee
thought in the line of the precedents the gen-
tleman who succeeded him and was elected
months before he came here, and who went
through all the expense of a canvass, should
be entitled to at least pay from the date of
that resignation.
Mr. KLDREDGE. Would my colleague
allow me to suggest one other reason?
Mr. PETERS. I wish to say further, that
while we have been paying State delegations
that have been here only for a few months for
a whole Congress, I think it only fair and hon-
orable that the gentleman from the Cincinnati
district of Ohio shall have what the House has
already resolved to give to hitn.
Mr. BLDREDGE. I wish to give one fur-
ther reason which I think has escaped my
colleague on the Judiciary Committee. It is
this: this is in analogy to the principle we
have always followed, to wit, that when mem-
bers of Congress from a State were elected
after Congress had commenced we have al-
ways paid them back to the beginning of that
Congress. Now here, in analogy to that, the
Judiciary Committee concluded that it was
entirely just that we should date back the pay
of this gentleman to the time when the vacancy
occurred. Although the resignation was con-
ditional to take effect, at a future period, we
thought it was fair and just that it should be
considered as taking effect at the time of the
resignation. In the cases of New Hampshire
and several other States we have dated back
the pay of the members to the time when the
Congress commenced to which the members
were elected, although they were elected some
time subsequently. It is in analogy with that
that we have made this recommendation.
Mr. PETERS. I desire to say just one
word further. If we do not regard this as a
substantial resignation at the date of Mr.
Perry's letter, the result would be that after
Mr. Dodds had gone through his canvass and
been elected Mr. Perry might still have with-
drawn his resignation and taken his seat.
The amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is next
on the amendment of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio,
as now amended.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I desire to ask
what are the facts relative to the payment of
the Mississippi delegation, before I say any-
thing against it. 1 have no objection to the
amendment which has been adopted with
reference to the Ohio case.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In answer to
the gentleman, I will state that the House
passed a resolution directing this sum to be
paid out of the contingent fund; but the
Sergeant-at-Arms could not pay it out of the
contingent fund ; it would not be certified at
the Comptroller's oflice ; and the Committee on
Appropriations simply report here what has
been recommended by the Committee on the
Judiciary. We do not report on the merits
of the proposition. We left that to the
Judiciary Committee, which did report under
the order of the House. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Peters] has the question in charge
as representing the Judiciary Committee, and
the Committee on Appropriations know noth-
ing about the merits.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I desire to hear
from some gentleman why it is that the men
from .Mississippi should receive pay prior to
the tune when Mississippi was accepted as a
State of the Union.
Mr. PETERS. I will answer the gentle-
man. It is because the House has established
the precedent of paying to every other State.
In the first place, the House paid in this way
the Representatives from Tennessee, the first
State that came in under reconstruction.
There was a hesitancy about it; there was an
objection in other cases; but one State after
another got it. Virginia got it. Texas got it.
And the only State in that position that re-
mains unpaid now is the State of Mississippi,
Mr. BINGHAM. Georgia remains unpaid.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. The men from
Mississippi have been sittiug here during two
terms of Congress on one' election, with no
certificate except that of General Aiies. who
was military commander of the State. 1 do
not think there is a case of any State at all
parallel to that of Mississippi. The Constitu-
tion provides that Representatives shall be
elected every two years. Those men were
never elected to this Congress, nor to the last
Congress—neither to the one nor the other.
They have sat for four years, two terms, under
one election, and that while the State was
under the rule of the bayonet., not by the
people but by coercion. And now, to go back
beyond the time the State is recognized as a
State, does not strike me as covered by any
precedent I know of.
Mr. PETERS. Nor did it strike me in that,
light at first two years ago. I was opposed
to it but was forced to yield. We gave it to
Texas under precisely the same circumstances.
We gave it to Virginia under precisely the
same circumstances.
