1038
THE CONGBESSKMAL GLOBE.
February 3,
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed, two thirds of the
Senate agreeing thereto.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, submitting, in compliance with
section two of the act approved July 11, 1870,
entitled " An act making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1871,
and for other purposes," a letter of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury relative to the consular
agents appointed under authority of that act,
together with the amounts paid such agents ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS i'KOM LOUISIANA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
received from the Secretary of the Senate
joint resolutions purporting to come from one
of the two Legislatures claiming to be the
rightful Legislature of the State of Louisiana.
They were transmitted by this body claiming
to be a Legislature to the Secretary of the
Senate, and by the Secretary of the Senate
transmitted to the President of the Senate,
with this note, which the Secretary will report.
Mr. WEST. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will first read the letter, and the Chair will
then recognize the Senator from Louisiana.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Office of Secbf,tary of the Senate,
washington, February 3,1873.
Sin: I have the honor to lay before you a docu-
ment sent me as Secretary of the Senate by mail.
Very respeotfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGE C. GORHAM.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
advised the Senator from Louisiana of the
contents of this document.
Mr. WEST. Intending at the proper time
to take exception to the reception by the Senate
of any documents from either of those bodies
claiming to be the government of Louisiana,
except such as refer to the credentials of mem-
bers-elect of this body, I ask that the com-
munication lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana raises, as the Chair under-
stands, the question of reception upon the
document, which will be passed over for the
present until there is an opportunity to examine
it. That is the intention of the Senator, is it
not?
Mr. WEST. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over for the present until called up by the
Senate.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the credentials
of Hon. S. W. Dorsey, chosen by the Legis-
lature of Arkansas a Senator from that State
for the term beginning March 4, 1873 ; which
were read and ordered to be filed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of J.
B. Cornell, surviving partner of the late firm
of J. B. and W. W. Cornell & Co., of New
York, praying compensation for extra services
in the construction of certain vessels for the
Government; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also a peti-
tion numerously signed by leading importers,
istating facts in connection with the importa-
tion of silk laces and insertings.made by hand,
and asking legislation which they say is neces-
sary to correct evils existing in connection
with that import. I move the reference of the
memorial to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also the me-
morial and remonstrance of E. S. Jaffray &
Co., Benedict, Hall & Co,, Arnold, Constable
& Co., and many other leading business men
of the city of New York against the repeal
of the bankrupt law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The memorial
will lie on the table, as the Committee on the
Judiciary have reported on that subject.
Mr. CONKLING. I present similar me-
morials from still other citizens of New York,
holding leading positions in the commerce of
the country, containing a like remonstrance
and argument against the repeal of the bank-
rupt law. In presenting these memorials,
without detaining the Senate I beg leave to
say that not only the argument presented and
the clearness of its statements, but the char-
acter, the number, and the influence of these
remonstrants entitle them and what they say to
the consideration of the Senate. I move that
the memorials lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of
the Philadelphia Board of Trade, praying for
the repeal of the bankrupt law; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of soldiers of
the late war, citizens of the State of Pennsyl-
vania, praying the passage of the bounty land
bill; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of J. F. Cald-
well, of West Virginia, praying that the pro-
visions of an act to pension the soldiers of the
war of 1812 may be extended to a company of
volunteer cavalry raised by Henry St. George
Tucker to defend the capital from British in-
vaders ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. CALDWELL presented the petition of
citizens of Cherokee county, Kansas, late sol-
diers of the United States, praying the passage
of the bounty land bill; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented the memorial of the
Legislature of Kansas, relative-to Indian out-
rages committed in that State ; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of
national banks of St. Louis, Missouri, justify-
ing the movement for the removal of bank
taxes ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the petition
often national banks of Hartford, Connecticut,
asking a modification of the taxes on national
banks or their entire abrogation; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. AMES presented a petition of citizens
of Rienzi, Alcorn county, Mississippi, praying
payment by the United States of the value of
a house of worship destroyed by the Army
during the late war ; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FENTON presented a memorial of cit-
izens of New York, remonstrating against the
repeal of the bankrupt law; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. SPENCER presented a petition of
soldiers and sailors of the late war, citizens of
the District of Columbia, praying that boun-
ties be equalized by the payment of $8 33J
for each mouth's service to each soldier who
served in the late war, and also praying that a
donation of a quarter section of land be made
to each of them ; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN presented three petitions
of citizens of Ohio, soldiers in the late war,
praying the passage of the bounty land bill ;
which were referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. COLE presented a resolution of the
trustees of the town of Saata.Barbara, Califor-
nia, in favor of an appropriation for the pur-
pose of building a breakwater for the security
of commerce and navigation in the roadstead
of Santa Barbara ; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. POOL, I present a petition signed by
citizens of North Carolina, praying for the
passage of the House bill pending before the
Senate known as the education bill. It is
signed by the Governor of the State, the chief
justice and two of the associate justices of the
supreme court, and several others of high
position, and many others still. I do not
know whether the bill has been reported or
not. I move that the petition be referred to
the Committee on Education and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOPER presented a petition of sol-
diers and sailors, citizens of the United States,
praying for the passage of the bounty land
bill; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. THURMAN presented two petitions of
citizens of Ohio, soldiers and sailors of the
late war, praying the passage of the bounty
land bill; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, late soldiers of the Army of
the United States, praying for the passage of
the bounty land bill, known as the Holmau
amendment, being an act to enable honorably
discharged soldiers and sailors, their widows
and orphan children, to acquire homesteads
on the public lands of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
the petition of E. S. Zevely, praying com-
pensation for services rendered in connection
with the Post Office Department; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Sarah J.
Alsop, of Prince George's county, Maryland,
praying indemnification for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the year 1801;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT. I present a joint resolution
of the General Assembly of the State of Iowa,
and as it relates to an important subject, I ask
it to be read, after which I will state the dispo-
sition that I wish to have made of it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Joint resolution relative to commerce of railroads.
Whereas the Constitution of the United States
vests in Congress the power to regulate commerce
among the States; and whereas the regulation of
freight charges made by railroad companies whose
lines extend from one State to another State is
properly included within such powers; and whereas
the exorbitant charges made by many of the rail-
road companies of the United States, and particu-
larly by those who have lines in the State of Iowa,
have become grievously oppressive to the people:
Therefore,
Be it Resolved by the General Assembly of the State
of Iowa, That our Senators in Congress be instructed
and our Representatives be requested to use their
influence in favor of and to vote for some bill which
will correct the existing abuses and grant the relief
so much needed, and also to secure liberal appro-
priations for improvement of the navigation of the
Mississippi, Wisconsin, and Fox rivers.
Resolved, That in memorializing Congress we do
not surrender the right of the General Assembly of
this State to control freight and passenger tariffs on
railroads within its borders.
Mr. WRIGHT. At an early day in the
present session I had the honor to introduce
a resolution on the subject indicated in this
memorial, instructing the Committee on Com-
merce to inquire into the expediency of regu-
lating freights and rates of travel upon railroads
under that provision of the Constitution which
gives to Congress the power to regulate com-
merce among the States. The resolution was
adopted, and the subject referred to the com-
mittee. Not long after that time a resolution
was offered by the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] instructing the Committee on the
Judiciary to inquire into the question of the
power of Congress to do this thing; the two
inquiries being, as will be seen, quite distinct,
the one relating to the power, the other as to
the expediency of exercising the power if it
exists. This body has since that time also
raised a committee for the purpose of inquir-
ing! perhaps, into t£e general question, rather
than the specific question that is referred to iu
this memorial.
