1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•1039
Last week there met at the capital of my
State about twelve hundred men representing
the agricultural and labor interests of that
State, and representing as many organizations,
speaking on this same general subject. It will
thus be seen that the General Assembly of the
State, as well as this great organization repre-
senting the wealth and labor and agriculture
of the State, are speaking on this subject and
moving in it. Than this question I know of
none more important before this body, nor
any more important likely to come before it at
this session or at any subsequent session.
I present this resolution and ask that it be
printed and referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and I now appeal to that com-
mittee that they shall give the subject the very
earliest attention, for it is one of those sub-
jects, in my opinion, important not alone to
the West, but to all portions of the nation
alike. It is a question that must be settled,
and the earlier we settle it the better it will be
for the country, and the better it will be for
its great interests. I therefore move that the
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Peterboro, New Hampshire, in favor
of electing postmasters by the people; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Clara F.
Meade, widow of Richard W. Meade, late
commander United States Navy, prayingtobe
allowed the difference of pay due her husband
between the pay that he received and the pay
of a commander in the United States Navy;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of Z.
B. Clarke, praying certain amendments to the
homestead law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of Anna W.
Osborne, praying to be allowed a pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. MACHEN presented the petition of
George H. Dobyns, praying to be repaid fees
paid by him in a suit in the State of Arkan-
sas ; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a peti-
tion of laborers in the Interior Department,
praying for an increase of pay ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSTON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and accompanying
papers of Jonathan K. and Sarah A. J. Hodges,
neirs of Lieutenant Charles Jones, an officer in the
Virginia line, war of the Revolution, be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move that Messrs.
Bruguier and Goewey have leave to withdraw
their petition and papers from the files of the
Senate. I will say there have been two reports
made on their claim, and I ask that copies of
the papers be left on file.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
message prom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 334) for the relief of
Norman Wiard;
A bill (H. R. No. 1499) for the relief of
Erastus S. Joslyn, of Washington Territory;
A bill (H. R. No. 2771) for the relief of
Isabella Orange;
A bill (H. R. No. 3371) for the relief of
Black Beaver;
A bill (H. R. No. 3561) for the removal of
the disabilities of Thomas Hardeman, of
Georgia
A bill (H. R. No. 3593) to confirm to Wil-
liam Marvin the title to seven thousand acres
of land in the State of Florida ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3555) to remove the dis-
abilities of William A. Graham, a citizen of
North Carolina;
A bill (H. R. No. 3726) for the relief of
John S. Horner;
A bill (H. R. No. 3728) to provide for the
payment of legal services rendered by Edmund
M. Randolph to the United States ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3729) for the relief of
John Forsythe, of Mobile, Alabama;
A bill (H. R. No. 3730) to remove the polit-
ical disabilities of Daniel C. Dejarnette, of
Virginia;
A bill (H. R. No. 3725) for the relief of the
heira and legal representatives of Leonidas
Haskell, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 3731) to confirm certain
land titles in the State of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 3734) to secure a more
efficient administration of Indian affairs;
A bill (H. R. No. 3735) to amend the law
requiring consular officers to collect three
months' extra pay for seamen in certain eases;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 3736) for the relief of the
officers and crew of the United States ship
Wyoming.
The message also announced that the House
had receded from its amendments to the res-
olution of the Senate for the printing of the
report of the Smithsonian Institution for the
year 1871, and had agreed to the resolution.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the resolution of the
Senate for the printing of eight thousand copies
of the addresses delivered in the two Houses
December 18, 1872, on the occasion of the
announcement of the death of Hon. Garrett
Davis, late a Senator from the State of Ken-
tucky.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 2509) granting a
pension to Mary E. Snively and Mavilla S.
Snively.
The message further announced that the
House had passed, with amendments, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate, the
following Senate bills:
A bill (S. No. 59) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to settle and pay the accounts
of Colonel James F. Jaques; and
A bill (S. No. 96) for the relief of Cowan &
Dickinson, of Knoxville, Tennessee.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (S. No. 885) to reimburse
| George S. Fisher for losses sustained in the
I building and burning up of the consulate of
the United States at Kanagawa, Japan, No-
vember 26, 1866.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 3010) to authorize
the construction of six steam vessels of war,
and for other purposes, asked a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses there-
on, and had appointed Mr. Glenni W. Sco-
pield of Pennsylvania, Mr. Eugene Hale of
Maine, and Mr. S. J. Randall of Pennsyl-
vania managers at the conference on its part.
william e. ward.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I ask unani-
mous consent that the vote of the Senate
adverse to the bill (H. R. No. 1336) for the
relief of William E. Ward, and consenting to
the discharge of the Committee on Patents
from the consideration of the petition of Wil-
liam E. Ward, which. was done upon my
motion some time since, be reconsidered, and
the papers taken from the file and rereferred
to the Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the request of the Senator from Con-
necticut? The Chair hears no objection, and
it is so ordered.
japanese indemnity fund.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask to have restored
to the Calendar the bill (H. R. No. 2798) to
release the Government of Japan from the
payment of the balance of the indemnitv fnnd
remaining unpaid, amounting to $375,000,
under the convention of October 22, 1864, as
it was passed over in my absence week before
last.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks that by unanimous
consent a bill passed over during his ab-
sence may be replaced on the Calendar, to be
at the head of the Calendar when unobjected
bills are again considered. If there be no
objection, it will be so ordered. The Chair
hears no objection, and it is so ordered.
bast tennessee university—veto.
Mr. HOWE. On Friday last a message
was received from the President returning with
his objections the bill (S. No. 409) for the
relief of the East Tennessee University. I
was under the impression that all that iniquity
was practiced in the Committee on Claims,
and I moved the reference of the message to
that committee. I did not recollect anything
about it at the time. I ascertained afterward
that that measure came from the Committee
on Military Affairs. I therefore move that the
Committee on Claims be discharged from the
further consideration of the message and the
bill, and that they be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
department of justice.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask my friend
from New York to withdraw the motion he
entered at my request to reconsider the vote
on the passage of the bill (H. R. No. 1891) to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish
the Department of Justice, and for other pur-
poses."
Mr. CONKLING. I ask leave to withdraw
the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the withdrawal of the motion to recon-
sider? The Chair hears no objection, and
the motion is withdrawn.
reports of committees.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of B. F.
Rittenhouse, praying compensation for extra
services as a clerk in the Treasury Depart-
ment in preparing the estimates of appropria-
tions from 1849 to 1863, reported adversely
thereon ; and the committee was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition.
Mr. HOWE. The same committee have
instructed me to report back the-bill (S. No.
1051) for the relief of the heirs of Lee Hard-
esty, and to recommend that it be indefinitely
postponed. There is a suit pending in the
Court of Claims to recover the same money to
which this bill relates.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1396) for the relief of Mar-
shall O. Roberts, to report it adversely. It
appears to us that the general law providing
for relieving purchasers at tax sales goes as far
as we can properly go in the direction of giving
relief, and if this gentleman is entitled to any
redress he can get it under the general law.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1104) to extend the provisions of a joint
resolution of December 23, 1869, relating to
steamboats and other vessels owned in the loyal
States, reported adversely thereon; and the
bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1770)
to authorize settlements by the Secretary of the
T reasury with joint debtors of the U nited States,
have instructed me to report it back adversely.
