1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
afor. from Massachusetts constpt to the refer-
ence of the joint resolution t
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to its
reference.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the joint resolution will.be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be priuted.
cincinnati and southern railway.
Tlie next bill on the Calendar was the bill
No. 75) to promote the construction of the
Cincinnati and Southern railway.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Chandler, ] from theCommittee on Commerce,
on the loth of January last, without amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. That bill has been su-
perseded, I think, by the action of the "State
of Kentucky.
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. It may as well stand on
the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will then
remain on the Calendar.
grkat r1qolkt bridge.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(8. No. 251) to amend an act entitled "An
act to establish and declare the railroad and
bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chat-
tanooga Railroad Company, as hereafter con-
structed, a post road, and for other purposes,"
approved March 2. 1868.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
passed on the 25th of March, 1872, and on the
28th of March the Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Wrst] moved to recousider its passage.
Mr. WEST. I am not prepared to address
the Senate now on the question of reconsider-
ation, and I ask that that bill go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
labor commission.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 374) to provide for the appoint-
ment of a commission on the subject of the
wages and hours of labor, and the division of
profits between labor and capital in the United
States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a House
bill reported by the Senator from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Sawyer,] from the Committee on
Education and Labor, on the 17th of March,
with an amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As the Senator
from South Carolina is not present, let it be
passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
steamship line to australia.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 49) authorizing the establishment of
ocean mail steamship service between the
United States and Australia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from California [Mr.
Cole] on the 18th of January, 1871, from the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
with amendments.' If there be no objection,
it will be read in full. There are some amend-
ments pending to the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We
bill now.
The VICE PRESIDEET. It will be passed
over.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator from Vermont
will withdraw his objection I ask that the bill
be made the special order for Monday next—a
week from to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will require
unanimous consent unless this order is sus-
pended, as the Chair stated to the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We cannot agree to that.
We cannot have special orders now.
cannot go into that
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
Mr. POMEROY. I was going to move that
the further consideration of the bill be post-
poned until Friday of this week; not that it
be made a special order, but that it be under-
stood that we devote Friday of this week to it.
It was discussed all of one day at the last
session.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the Senator from
Vermont objects, that is the end of the bill,
and it is not now before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As soon as it is
objected to, the Senate passes from its con-
sideration to the next bill; but while the bill
is up, that motion can be made.
Mr. POMEROY. It has been a courtesy
among Senators, where a Senator objects to a
bill, to allow a day certain to be fixed to have
it disposed of.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the object is to post-
pone this bill and have it taken up on Friday
next, it is in substance a special order, and I
am entirely opposed to special orders now
except in a very extreme case indeed.
Mr. POMEROY. My point is, that where,
we have discussed a bill, as we have this one
a whole day and then went into executive ses-
sion when we were ready to take a vote upon
it, it should at least receive a vote of the Sen-
ate after having had the attention which this
bill has had.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill can be
taken up by a vote of the Senate at any time.
It remains on the Calendar on the objection.
F. M. COllDEIRO.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 301) to authorize the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury to settle with
F. M. Cordeiro.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a House
bill reported on the 18th of January by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,]
from the Committee on Foreign Relations.
If there be no objection, it will be read in
full.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It directs
the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to settle with F. M. Cordeiro for his ser-
vices as acting consul of the United States
at the port of Rio de Janeiro, from the
time when Henry E. Milford ceased to be vice
consul to the time when Charles T. Thweatt
assumed the duties of consul during the year
1870, and to allow him compensation for that
period of time at the rate now allowed by law
to a United States consul at that port; the
sum so allowed to be paid from the appropria-
tion for salaries of consuls.
The bill was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to know a
little about that case, if I am not interfering
too much. 1 see the bill states that the person
who held the office, and who was absent, was
merely a vice consul. I am not informed
whether the pay of vice consuls is the same
as that of consuls; but if it be different, the
bill ought not to give this acting person a
higher rate than the officer whose business it
was to be there would have received himself.
Perhaps the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations can explain it.
Mr. CAMERON. The claim made by this
gentleman, Mr. Cordeiro, was much larger
than the committee of the Senate were disposed
to give him. They therefore agreed to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury to give
him such compensation as he, the Secretary
of the Treasury, should think rightand proper.
The bill gives him the pay of the office the
duties of which he performed in the absence
of the vice consul or consul.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be a House report on the subject accompany-
ing the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear it
read.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as follows :
The Committee on Foreisn Affairs, to whom was
referred the case of M. Cordeiro, submit the
following report:
About the 1st of April, 1870, Mr. Cordeiro was
requested by lion. Henry T. Blow, minister to
Brazil, to temporarily take ohargo of and discharge
the duties of the consular office at ltio do Janeiro
iu the absence of the consul and vico consul,
assuring him that he would receive the usual i>ay
for his services from the Government of the United
States. He accordingly served the Government in
that capacity with entire acceptance from the time
when Henry E. Milford ceased to be vico consul to
tho time when Charles T. Thweatt assumed the
duties of consul, a period of about six mouths; but
on presenting his accounts to the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury for payment it was refused
on the ground that he was not a naturalized citizen
of the United States. He therefore asks that Con-
gress pass an act for his relief, and your committee
are of opinion that having performed the service,
it is but right and just that he should be paid for
the same. They recommend the passage of the bill.
Mr. CAMERON. To that recommendation
the committee of the Senate agreed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no amend-
ment be offered the bill will be reported to the
Senate and ordered to a third reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that
that bill ought to be amended if it is to pass.
The objection made to the claim, it appears,
was that the person was not a naturalized citi-
zen. I am not aware of any law that pre-
vents the payment of a consul on that account.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not think there is
any such law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that objection
would be untenable if he is entitled to pay.
There is some misapprehension about it.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is a rule they have that
they will not appoint such persons.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think many persons
have been appointed who were not naturalized.
Mr. HAMLIN. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it would obviate
the whole difficulty by declaring that the fact
of his not being naturalized should not debar
him from receiving pay.
But there is another consideration in regard
to it. This is an old class of cases that we
have had before us for many years, where per
sons have discharged the duties of officers and
then come in and claimed pay. It is a ques-
tion that I have known frequently to arise. I
think the practice of the Government for-
merly was to pay the incumbent for discharging
the duties of an office superior to the one
which he held, or for discharging the duties
temporarily of an officer who was absent; and
we had a provision at one time, and I do not
know but it is the law now, that where a per-
son performing the duties of a superior officer
for a particular time was paid for it, there
should be deducted from his pay what he was
receiving for the office which he held.
Mr. CAMERON. That is the law now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the committee who reports
this bill, whether this consul and vice consul
were receiving pay at the same time? It seems
to me if this individual is to be paid, they ought
not to be paid for the same period of service. It
would establish a very bad precedent if we were
to declare by law that persons absent, neglect-
ing their duties, should have them performed
by some third party and draw the pay while
they are absent, and we should pay the third
party too. I submit whether there should not
be a provision here that the pay of this person,
whatever it may be, should be deducted from
the pay of the officer whose duty it was to
have discharged these duties, or that that officer
should not be paid for the same services.
The idea I have in my mind is that we should
not pay twice for the same service.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator ia correct
in stating what the Department ought and
ought not to do, but the rule of the Depart-
ment is only to pay them for the time which
they actually serve, and deduct from the com.
pensation the pay of the minor office which
they held before. The rule is very strictly
observed in the Department, as I understand,
