2000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Treasury Department,
Office of tub Secretary,
December 19, 1872.
Sir: I inclose a letter addressed to me by Hon.
Allan Rutherford, Third Auditor, which sefcs forth
the facts in regard to an unexpended balance of
$700,304 11 of an appropriation made to indemnify
certain States for expenses incurred during tho late
rebellion. By the terms of tho act tho appropriation
has not boon available since tho 30th of Jane, 1872.
There are claims now pending made by the States
of New York and Ohio, on which balances will be
found duo to those States.
I have the honor to recommend, therefore, that
the aforesaid sum be reappropriated so as to be
available at any time during the present fiscal year.
Very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
Hon. Jamks A. Garfield, chairman Committee on
Appropriations, House of licprc entativeu.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 3. That tho Secretary of the Treasury shall
cause to beallowodand paidall claimsforadditional
compensation under the joint resolution of Febru-
ary 28,1867, giting additioaal compensation to cor-
tain employes of the Government, which shall ap-
pear to him to bo sustained by the rulings of tho
Supreme Court of the United States, in tho so called
twenty per cent, cases decided by that court at its
December term, 1871, and so much money as-may bo
necessary for the payment of such claims is horeby
appropriated out of any money in tho Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, not to exceed $175,000,
Mr. POLAND. I make a point of order on
this section. It clearly changes existing laws.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 4. That the Postmaster General is horeby
authorized to appoint, in the oOico of tho Second
Assistant Postmaster General, a chief of division of
statistics and reports, whose salary shall be $2,500
perannum ; and asuffieieulsum to pay thosamc from
tho passage of this act until tho 30th day of Juno,
1874, is hereby appropriated ; and a sum sufliciont to
pay the amounts duo respectively to tho topographor,
and to tho assistant carpenter of tho Post Ollico De-
partment, and the superintendent of tho Post Office
building, under the provisions of the "act to revise,
consolidate, and amend the statutes relating to tho
Post Office Department," approvd June 8, 1872, is
hereby appropriated; and to pay William M. Ire-
land and J. M. McGrew for preparing regulations
and instructions for the use of tho Post Oflico De-
partment under the new postal code, the sum of
$1,000 oaoh is hereby appropriated.
Mr. .IIOLMAN. This section seems to
create a new office in the nature of a bureau
of statistics in the Post Oliice Department.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make a point of order
on the paragraph, that it proposes new legis-
lation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SARGENT. It is not new legislation ;
it is to carry out the purposes of the Post Office
Department.
Ihe CHAIRMAN. The first part of the
section clearly contains uew legislation.
Mr. SARGENT. We must carry on the
operations of the Post Office Department.
The CHAIRMAN. That is true; but new
offices cannot be created in that Department or
any other without law. The Chair sustains
the point of order.
Mr. SARGENT. We might stop the whole
Government on that construction.
The Clerk read as follows;
Sec. 5. That the following amounts, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, are hereby appropriated
for the following named officers and departments for
purchase of postage stamps for use during the fiscal
year ending June30, 1871:
For executive office $600, for Department of State
#83,000, for Treasury Department $504,000, tor Navy
Department $38,000, for Interior Department $220,-
000, for Agricultural Department $.52,000,for Depart-
ment of Justice $15,000, for War Department $153,-
000, for offices of the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, the Secretary of tho Senate, and the Ser- j
geant-at-Arms of the House of Representatives ยง100 [
each, making in all $1,065,900: Provided, that the i
Postmaster General shall cause w be prepared a
special stamp for official mail matter for each of the
Executive Departments; and said stamps shall be
supplied by the proper officer ot said Departments
to all persons under its direction requiring tho same
for official use, and all appropriations tor postage
heretofore made shall no longer be available for
eaid purpose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to
amend as follows;
In tho seventh line after the word " dollars" insert
' for the Post OiBce Department $800,000."
On lineseventeen after the word " million" insert
$800," so as to read " $1,865,900."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOWE. I move to amend by adding
to section five the following :
The provisions of section two of an act entitled
"An act making appropriations to supply deficien-
cies in tho appropriations for tho service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June 30,1872,
and for former years, and for other purposes," ap-
proved May 18,1872, and tho appropriations therein
providecFbe, and aro hereby, extended so as to em-
brace all such cases provided for in said seotion ns
may have occurred sinoe the 19th day of May, 1869.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make a point
of order on that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules out the
amendment, as embracing new legislation.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend section
five by inserting after,the word "stamp'1 in
line ninteen the words " to be used only,'I so as
to read: " a special stamp to be used only for
official mail matter/' &c.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORI'H. I move further to
amend by adding to the section the following:
And provided farther, That there shall bo prepared
and issuod by tho Post Office Department to the Sec-
retary of the Senate and tho Clerk of the Ilouse of
Representatives, proper stamps, which shall print or
impress tho name of the officer using the same, re-
spectively, and tho nature of tho mattor to bo sent
thereunder, and other proper device, as the Post-
master General may direct, which stamps shall bo
used by tho officer to whom tho same may be issued,
respectively, only for tho purpose of stamping all
books, documents, and other official matter, includ-
ing in tho use of tho same, by tho Secretary of tho
Senate and Clerk of the House of Repesontativcs,
all reports and other documents printod by order of
their respective Houses. And such stamps shall be
used for no other purposes than as aforesaid, and all
matter so stamped shall thereupon pass through the
mails without requiring further stamps or charge,
and tho postage upon all books, documents, and
other public matter so stamped shall bo charged by
the Post Office Department to tho House or officer
issuing the same, respectively, and tho amount so
charged shall be defrayed by such officers out of ap-
propriations to bo made therofor by Congress as part
of tho incidental expenses thereof.
Sec. 3. That any person who shall forgo or coun-
terfeit any such official postage stamp or stamping
machine, or who shall counterfeit any die or plate
therefor, or who shall make or print, or knowingly
use or noil, or havo in his possession with intent to
use or sell any such false, forged, or counterfeit dio-
plato, stamp, or stamping machine, or any paper
wrapper or envelope stamped by any false, forged,
or counterfeit dio-plate, postage stamp, or stamping
machine, or who shall authorizo or procure to bo
made any such official die-plate, stamp, or stamping
machine, without tho special direction of the Post
Oflico Department, or who, after tho same have been
prepaied, shall, with intent to defraud the revenue
of the Post Oilico Department, deliver any such
official dies, plates, stamps, or stamping machines
to any person or persons other than such as shall be
authorized to receive the same, by instrument of
writing duly executed under the hand of tho Post-
master General and the seal of the Post Office De-
partment, shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed
guilty of felony, and be puuished by a fine not ex-
ceeding $500, or by imprisonment not oxcoding five
years, or by both such fine and imprisonment.
Mr. 1IIBBARD. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
this is one of the contingent expenses for car-
rying on one of the departments of the Gov-
ernment, to wit, the House of Representatives,
and is therefore in order.
Mr. HIBBARD. Is the whole of it in
order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair admits it all.
Mr. FAIiNSWORTH. That, Mr. Chair-
man, is precisely the provision of the bill
which passed the House last summer at the
time we passed a bill abolishing the4frankmg
privilege. It is for the purpose of enabling
members of Congress to distribute the docu-
ments which are printed under order of the
Ilouse of Representatives, to the people for
who-m they are intended.
Mr. COGHLAN. Mr. Chairman, in abol-
ishing the franking privilege, the object of
those who voted for it, or at least my object in
voting for the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege, was that the people, as well as the two
Houses of Congress, might know how much
they were paying, or how mucli the loss was
to the Government by printing and sending
these documents through the mails. Another
reason was to stop the indiscriminate publica-
tion of a lot of books, or pretended books,
which were of no benefit to the people to
whom they were sent, or indeed to anybody
else. It seems under the present system, or
rather the system which will come into effect
under the law abolishing the franking priv-
ilege, Congress is to use the regular postage
stamps, so that the people, as well as Con-
gress, may know how much is the expense of
sending out these books published at the
expense of the Government.
1 hope to that end this amendment will not
pass, but on the contrary, that the Depart-
ments and the two Houses of Congress shall
be compelled to buy the regular Government
postage stamps and use them, so that we may
know exactly what the expense of sending out
theso documents is. It will be a great check
against theprinting of a lot of rubbish. I do
not, however, call all the documents which
have been printed rubbish, and it will be a safe-
guard in the interest of economical expendi-
ture by the Government. It will be a check
to the printing of entirely unnecessary docu-
ments which the people never see, and which
cost the Government such an immenseamount
of money to print as well as to distribute. It
was one of the gfeat expectations of the peo-
ple that the abolition of the franking privilege
would cut off the abuse grown so large of
printing everything, good, bad or indifferent,
and I am anxious that just expectation shall
bo realized, and shall therefore vote against
the amendment.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Chairman, it occurs
to me if we propose to abolish the franking
privilege we had better stick to it. It is no
abolition of the franking privilege to provide
we may put a stamp on a document instead
of writing our names. If a stamp is to be
given to us we then have only abolished the
franking privilege in name, while we have
retained the substance. If it is necessary, let
the Clerk of the House, or any other officer
of the Government keep a postage account,
and let it be paid as any other expense of the
Department is paid.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope we will
now come to a vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The amendment
which I have offered does not apply to cor-
respondence at all, but simply to public docu-
ments ordered by Congress. The danger is if
you leave to Congress the purchase of postage
stamps you will very soon substantially return
to the franking privilege in another form. I
will not be in the next Congress myself and
probably shall never be in any Congress, and I
therefore feel no other interest than that of
the public welfare in this amendment. These
public documents are printed for the inform-
ation of the people, and there should be some
means provided for their distribution, and that
is the purpose of this amendment.
Mr.^ POTTER. These two sections are
a portion of the original bill reported by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
last year, when we passed a bill abolishing
the_ franking privilege. The amendment is
limited in its operation to documents pub-
lished by Congress for distribution among the
people. This stamp will only be used for the
distribution of public documents, and it can-
not be used for anything else. T think the
amendment is a proper one, and I hope it will
be adopted.
Mr. CGBURN. I desire to say that this is
the only provision we possibly can have to
execute a part ot the law that we passed in
good faith some time since. It was not ex-
pected but by a very small part of this House
that the sending ot public documents should
be dispensed with. The whole object in repeal-
ing the franking privilege was to destroy any
possible abuses that could exist in connection
