76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
and I think there is also a law on the subject.
At all events, this bill is to pay this gentleman
onlv for the services which he performed as
consul during the absence of the consul who
had preceded him. We know the custom is
when !i minister leaves his post that his secre-
tary becomes chargfe d'affaires, and the law
allows a fixed compensation for that much
larger than that of secretary. Indeed, in
many cases gentlemen accept the place of
secretary of legation ouly because they hope
the minister will be absent at some time, and
then the secretary receives a much larger com-
pensation than he would have done as secre-
tary, and thus is enabled to live as secretary
of legation. And so it is, I think, with consuls.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations whether this absence of the consul
was by permission ; whether he was absent on
leave from the Department?
Mr. CAMERON. That I am not able to
answer ; but 1 take it for granted that the rule
of the Department will correct any wrong that
might be attempted in that respect.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The object of
the inquiry is in relation to the point raised by
the Senator from Illinois. If the consul was
absent on leave, as I think the just inference
would be, then, without respect to bis salary,
the vice consul would be entitled under the
usages of the Department, and in fact perhaps
under an act of Congress, to his pay.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will allow
me to say that I think he misapprehends this
case. It is not the case of the absence of the
consul and the discharge of the duties by the
vice consul, bat the absence of both the con-
sul and the vice consul, it seems, made it neces-
sary for the minister to ask an outsider, a citi-
zen of the country, to discharge temporarily
the duties of the office. That is the case
made out in the papers.
Mr. THURMAN. How came both to be
absent?
Mr. SHERMAN. That I do not know.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Still the same
principle would apply in that case, as it would
be necessary for the minister to have that
authority, provided the absence was by leave
of the Department.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
know that this bill will establish a wrong pre-
cedent, but I do know that a few years ago we
had a very large claim presented here in be-
half of a party who discharged the duties of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and another in
behalf of a party who discharged the duties of
Secretary of State, while the head of the De-
partment was merely absent for a day or two,
and assigned the Assistant Secretary to dis-
charge his duties, and twenty years afterward
liiat case came up here day by day, and was
s>et forth and a claim presented for a very large
sum of money for discharging the duties of
Secretary of the Treasury and Secretary of
State. If this would establish any precedent
of that sort, I should hope the bill would not
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would inquire if there
could be any objection to a proviso by way of
amendment declaring, " Provided that the con-
«ul and vice consul shall not be paid for the
i ame period of time for which this person
receives pay." Perhaps that will make it
clear, and there will be no objection to it.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall not object to that
amendment, I believe; but it seems to me that
the Department will take care of that matter.
There Is a law, I think—certainly there is a
practice, I know—under which if the cousul
left his post by permission of the Government
he would certainly be paid. It is a very com-
mon thing for consuls, and ministers also, to
be allowed a leave of absence. There are sev-
eral cases of ministers which come to my mind
just now. Of course, if they come home by
permission of the Government, they receive
compensation. It would not be fair that the
person remaining there doing the duties should
do them without compensation.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish merely to get at
the facts of this case. Do I understand that
this bill is to pay a person who acted as
consul because of the absence of the consul j
and vice consul?
Mr. CAMERON. Yes.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I should like to
know whether the papers show why both those
officials were absent from their posts, and how
long they were absent. It seems to me a
singular thing that both of them should be
absent at once. J should like to know why
they were both absent at once and how long
they were absent.
Mr. CAMERON. It will not be possible
for me in the short time allowed me, without
the papers, to answer all the questions of law
and habit in regard to these subjects. This
person comes here indorsed by the House of
Representatives and asks for only such com-
pensation as the customs of the Department
allow persons like him to receive for the
duties be performed. By this bill we throw
the whole responsibility of right and wrong
on the Department, trusting that they will pay
him, as the habit of the Department is, justly
for what he has done, and nothing more.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not rise to oppose
this bill, but simply to gratify, I hope, a rea-
sonable curiosity by asking why it was that
both these officials, the consul and the vice
consul, were absent at the same time. If I
I understand the remarks of the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations he is not
informed on that subject, and therefore can-
not answer. Well, sir, if a bill of this kind
has passed the House of Representatives, and
also the ordeal of our own committee, I do
not feel disposed to interpose any objection ;
but it does strike me as a very remark-
able circumstance that this consulate should
thus be vacant of all its functionaries at the
same time, and we have to pay a third per-
son.
Mr EDMUNDS. It would appear from
the House report, which by the way ought to
have been printed, that the consulate was
vacant, and the vice consulate was vacant
also. The House report recites that this period
covers the time from the point when a certain
person ceased to be vice consul until the time
when the present consul was appointed and
] came on and assumed the duties of the office.
| Mr. THURMAN. Then it is the case of
vacancy of office, not of absence?
\ Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir. Supposing that
! to be so, the implication is that there was an
entire vacancy in the office. If that were true,
I this man evidently ought to be paid.
| Mr. CAMERON. That is the state of the
case.
! Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it is
quite true, as the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] suggests, that it would be as well
to have this report printed, for my honorable
friend himself has made a mistake as to the
fact. There was not a vacancy in both the
consulship and the vice consulship, but there
was an absence of the consul and a vacancy
in the vice consulship. The consul being
absent, and there being a vacancy in the vice
consulship, then the minister substituted this
man for the period of six months, until the
consul resumed the functions of his office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not the same person?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The report says,
"until the consul," naming him, "resumed."
I think the fair inference is that it was the
same person.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it not "assumed?"
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; "resumed."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then you are right.
Mr. THURMAN. How long was that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Six months.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The lack of
official functions there seemed to be that the
consul was absent and the vice consul had va-
cated his office^ind for that period this msfti
served on the designation of the minister upon
the assurance that he would receive pay. 1 do
not see why it is not correct.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Illinois insist upon his amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; I called atten-
tion to it; I thought it would be safer to put
on the amendment, but I shall not make the
motion.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
acquisition of cuba.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next busi-
ness on the Calendar is the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 5) in favor of the acquisition by pur-
chase of the Island of Cuba.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] who introduced that
resolution, is not here. I hope it will be passed
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over, and the next bill on the Calendar will b :
reported.
carlton a. uber.
The Chief Clerk. The next bill on the
Calendar is the bill (S. No. 87) for the relief
Carlton A. Uber.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill, which provides
that Carlton A. Uber, an assistant engineer
of the United States Navy, who was placed
upon the retired list on account of disease
contracted while a prisoner of war, shall, when
not on duty, receive the retired pay fixed by
law for officers of the grade which he now
holds.
Mr. CRAGIN. This Mr. Uber was a third
assistant engineer in the Navy. He was taken
prisoner and kept a number of months at An-
dersonville, during which time, if he had been
in the service out of prison, he would have
been promoted second assistant engineer ; but
when he was discharged from prison he was
so disabled that, by the surgeon's examination,
he was placed at once on the retired list as
third assistant engineer. By the law of 1870,
regulating the pay of officers of the Navy,
the grade of third assistant was abolished,
the other grades remaining, and the pay of
the retired list was somewhat increased ; that
is, it was made certain, and the thirty-three
per cent, which had been added before was
retained; but there was no increase of the
retired pay of third assistant engineer. He
has been promoted to be second assistant,
engineer on the retired list, which does not
increase his pay, as every Senator knows. The
object of this bill is simply to give him the pay
of second assistant engineer on the retired list,
instead of that of third assistant engineer. He
would have been a second assistant engineer
in the regular service but for the fact that lie
was taken prisoner and confined beyond the
time of examination. It seemed just and
proper to the committee, and I hope the bill
will pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
what is the difference in pay ?
Mr. CRAGIN. The difference in pay is
$200 a year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the amount?
Mr. CRAGIN. I think the pay of third
assistant engineer on the retired list is $500.
This will give him $700 if my recollection i.s
correct.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
preservation op harbors.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 37) for the preservation of the har-
bors of the United States against encroach-
ment.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. That bill wi'l
lead to debate. My colleague, [Mr. Stockton,]
