1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
with it, and take away from members the per-
sonal privilege or right of using their names
to frank their own personal and business letters.
But it never was considered that by repealing
that law we should do away with the free cir-
culation of public documents. This provision
steps right in and allows us in a sensible way,
a way that cannot be abused, to distribute all
these documents freely.
message from the senate.
The committee informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate was communicated by Mr.
Sympson, one of its clerks, informing the
House that the Senate had passed with amend-
ments the bill (H. R. No. 3921) making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1874, and for other purposes, in which amend-
ments the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
The message also informed the .House that
the Senate had passed without amendment the
bill (H. R. No. 8179) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the sale of certain public
property," approved June 10, 1872.
The message also informed the House that
the Senate disagreed to the amendments of
the House to the bill (S. No. 1391) repealing an
an act entitled "An act for the relief of cer-
tain Indians in the central superintendency,
approved June 10, 1872, asked a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon; and had appointed Mr. Frelinohux-
sen, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Bayard managers
of the conference on the part of the Senate.
The message farther announced that the
Senate agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the bill (H. R. No. 3351)
making appropriations for the naval service
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1874.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate insisted on its amendments to the bill (EL
R. No. 3850) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 1874, agreed to the conference asked for
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon; and had appointed Mr.
West, Mr. Logax, and Mr. Casserlx man-
agers of the conference on the part of the
Senate.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Fabnsworth.]
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to strike out the last
word. Mr. Chairman, the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] is
one of too much consequence to be disposed
of without careful consideration. If I under-
stand its provisions correctly, it contemplates a
continuance of the present method of publish-
ing books—many of them worthless—for dis-
tribution by members of Congress. It is not
only an entering-wedge for the restoration of
the franking privilege with all its abuses, but
it will, if adopted, annihilate the strongest
argument in favor of its abolition, The pros-
pect of putting an end to the loose and reckless
publication of books, many of which nobody
wants to read, was the principal inducement
which led me to favor the entire abolition of
the franking privilege.
The gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth,] only a week ago, in supporting the
proposition of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Banks,] which provided for the
sale of Government publications, pointed out
the absurdity of the present method of fur-
nishing the same number of agricultural
reports to commercial as to agricultural dis-
tricts, and the same number of commercial
reports to agricultural as to commercial dis-
tricts. Now, however, the gentleman turns
42u CONG, 8P BEPS.—NO. 126,
about and proposes a measure to perpetuate
the absurdity he then denounced.
Many of the books issued from the Govern
ment Printing Office are of great value. The
difficulty is to get them into the right hands.
No member of Congress can personally attend
to Hhe distribution of the books allotted to
him, faithfully and justly, in all portions of his
district or of his State,' if he is a Senator,
without giving up time that should be devoted
to the business of legislation. Besides, it is
notorious that the most of the books and doc-
uments, which are paid for by the whole peo-
ple, are distributed by Senators and Repre-
sentatives to members of their own political
party, and in many instances to the almost
total exclusion of their political opponents.
Even the agricultural reports, which are
the most sought for of any Government publi-
cation, can be purchased to-day in Washing-
ton for less than half their cost to the Govern-
ment. I am informed that their actual cost is
about sixty cents each, and I know that they
can be bought here for twenty-five cents each.
The Congressional Globe, which it is to be
supposed must be the most valuable of all
books, can be purchased for only a small por-
tion of its cost. The seven volumes of the
Globe for the last session of Congress, each
costing the Government several dollars, I do
not know how many, can now be bought for
fifty cents each.
1 am told on good authority that cartloads
of the Ku Klux reports and testimony, issued
in thirteen volumes by order of Congress at
the last session, have been recently sold in
this city by the pound for waste paper. Of
course it would not be decorous to say that
any member of Congress has betrayed the
trust reposed in him for the benefit of his con-
stituents by selling his books. It must there-
fore be the fact that the constituents them-
selves attach so little value to the books that
they dispose of them in such a way as ulti-
mately to bring them into book-stores to be
sold for a nominal price, or into paper mills
as material for the manufacture of paper.
In the next Congress some plan can be per-
fected for a just and sensible distribution of
extra copies of the Government publications,
by selling them at cost to all who care enough
for them to pay what it costs to multiply copies
after the publication of what are necessary for
the use of Congress and the Departments, or
in some other way that shall put a stop to their
sale for wrapping or waste paper. The books
which accumulate from the time the franking
privilege ceases until the next Congress as-
sembles and provides for their distribution will
keep that length of time. Let us not hastily
at this midnight hour restore the most costly
feature of the franking privilege.
Mr. SPEER. I doubt the propriety of pass-
ing an amendment of so much importance as
this at twelve o'clock on Saturday night. It is
very evident that this amendment may to some
extent restore the franking privilege unless the
penal clause in the last section has some vir-
tue in it, which, I confess, I do not believe. If
I understand that section as read at the desk,
it provides that if any man furnishes these
stamps provided for in this amendment who is
not authorized to make them, he shall be pun-
ished ; but the section does not state in what
court trial and conviction for that offense shall
be had. I suppose the gentleman intended it
to be in the United States courts. If that was
his intention, I would suggest to him an amend-
ment defining the jurisdiction more carefully.
Now, Mr. Chairman, without desiring to
antagonize this amendment or the purpose
sought to be accomplished by it, it seems to me
that at this hour and in the present condition
of the House this is too important a measure and
too far reaching in its consequences to be in-
corporated in this bill, and therefore I trust
that the House at the present time will not
adopt it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, we heard
a great deal said here the other day on the
subject of abolishing the franking privilege,
about the tons of useless matter, books and
other documents sent out which nobody
wanted and which were a nuisance and caused
an immense expenditure, and therefore we
cut off the franking privilege root and branch.
And now in the closing hours of the session it
is proposed that we shall introduce a proposi-
tion that, not the signature of a member made'
with his own hand and upon his personal
honor, but a mechanical contrivance shall be
used to send through the mails free of charge,
these tons of useless matter and worthless
books about which we have heard so much.
In other words, it is a proposition to reestab-
lish the franking privilege in a manner that'
will lead to tenfold as many abuses, ai those
alleged against the old system.
Sir, I perfectly agree with the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard.] Let this re-
form stand if it be a reform at all, and do not let
us neutralize it by bringing in the same obnox-
ious measare under a different guise and in a
different form.
The gentleman has suggested that public
documents can be bought here in this city ;at
a very low figure, intimating possibly that it
would be cheaper for the Government, to buy
its books than to print them. He referred to
the Ku Klux reports. I can very well under-
stand that in some quarters they should be a
drug in the market. I can very well under-
stand that some of my friends on the other
side of the House would not care very much
to circulate them among their constituents,
and would be very willing to exchange those
reports for other documents, or to dispose of
them in such a way that they might be found
in the second-handbook stores in the purlieus
of this city. But we on this side have not
used them in that way; we have circulated
them and believe them to be very valuable
documents.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Farnsworth ; and upon a
division it was not agreed to—yeas forty, noes
not connted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am delighted with
that vote; I am glad that the amendment is
defeated, because it indicates that we will not
print any more useless documents,
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to further amjsnd
by inserting the following:
To enable the Sergoant-at-Arms to pay to Hon.
Fraxk Morey the amount deducted from Ms i>ay
as member of the Forty-Frst Congress, by resolution
of the House of Representatives of December 12,
1870, and the neeessary amount is hereby appro-
priated.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to move an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SPEER. Is that amendment in order?
Is it authorized by any existing law ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not aware
of any existing law that warrants it.
Mr. MAYNARD. The general law, under
which members of Congress are to be paid
fifripir salaries
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must sustain
the point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. This is to make the
necessary appropriation. We cannot _ pay
money out of the Treasury unless there is an
appropriation for it, although there may be a
law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This is
exactly like the case of the Georgia members.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. SARGENT. The fourth section of this
bill, as reported from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, was ruled out by the Chair on
a point of order against the first clause of the
section only. I now move to amend the bill
by inserting the following, which is the latn-r
portion of that fourth, section, and in order:
That ft ewm sufficient to pay the mqoboU due
