1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1041
revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to patents and copy-rights," approved
July 8, 1870, reported it with amendments.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 158) authorizing the adminis-
trator of Mrs. Sarah A. R. Lord, deceased, to
bring suit in the Court of Claims, reported ad-
versely thereon; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of William
P. Walsh, of New Orleans, praying payment
of a certain judgment, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed ; and the committee was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2240) authorizing the
extension of the railway of the Metropolitan
Railroad Company in the District of Columbia,
reported it with amendments.
REPORT OF LIGHT-IIOtSE BOARD.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a concurrent reso-
lution of the House of Representatives to print
the illustrated report of .the Light-House
Board, have directed me to report it back
without amendment, and to ask for its pres-
ent consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution
was considered, and concurred in, as follows :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That two thou-
sand copies of the illustrated reports of the Light-
House Board be printed, five hundred copies ot
which shall be for the use of the Senate, one thou-
sand copies for the use of the House, and five hun-
dred copies for the use of the Light-House Board.
MEXICAN RECORDS OF LANDS IN TERRITORIES.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims to report the
following resolution, and ask for its present
consideration.
Revolved, That the Secretary of State be, and he
is hereby, reauested, through the United States min-
ister at Mexico, to ascertain the condition of the
records and public documents of that Government
relating to the lands now embraced within the Ter-
ritories of Arizona and New Mexico; also, at what
place or places such records and public documents
are deposited, and in whose custody; and communi-
cate to the Senate such information touching the
premises as he may have been enabled to obtain;
and also what will be the best method, and the ex-
pense thereof, of procuring true and authentic tran-
scripts of such records and public documents.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CALDWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1505) for the relief of A. H. Von Lu-
ettwitz, late first lieutenant third United
States cavalry; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1506) to settle the accounts of General A.
B. Dyer; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1507) to legalize the department of ordnance
and gunnery as already established at the
• United States Military Academy ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CRAGIN (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1508) to authorize the
President to appoint Frederick T. Peet a first
lieutenant in the Marine corps ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THURMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
42d Gong. 3d Sess.—No. 66.
(S. No. 1509) to divide the State of Ohio into
three judicial districts, and for other purposes j
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1510) for the relief of Charles G. Berry, of
Indiana; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. AMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1511) to authorize the appointment of
major in the artillery of the United States;
which wes read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unani-
mou% consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1512) to restore a light-ship to its
forpier position in New York harbor, known
as the "wreck of the Scotland light-ship;"
which was read twice by ita title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. RICE (by request) asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1513) to organize the Territory of
Oklahoma; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART. I hold in my hand a let-
ter from the Governor and State officers of
Nevada, stating that some Indians that were
taken as prisoners near Camp McDermit, were
served with rations from the War Depart-
ment for several years, and the annual cost
to the War Department was $3,358 71. This
year the War Department has ceased to fur-
nish the rations, and no provision has been
made for the support of the Indians, and if
those rations are not renewed through the War
Department at once the Indians must neces-
sarily starve to death. It is a long letter, ex-
plaining the circumstances. What I wish to
do is to introduce a bill to allow the War De-
partment to issue rations until provision can
be made, through the Interior Department,
for the support of these Indians, so that they
may not starve. I ask to have the bill passed
now. ,
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1514) for the tem-
porary relief of the Indians at Camp McDer-
mit, in Humboldt county, Nevada.
Mr. SHERMAN. It would be extraordin-
ary to introduce a bill appropriating money
in this way, and pass it without objection and
without a "reference. I have no objection to
its being introduced and referred to a com-
mittee.
Mr. STEWART. Let the letter be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the letter go to the
committee. If the committee report favorably
I have no objection.
Mr. STEWART. Very well. _
The bill'was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimons
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1515) to facilitate and regulate commerce
among the several States and with^ foreign
nations; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN submitted the
following concurrent resolution ; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing;
Re'iohedby the Senate, (the House_ of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed of the an-
nual report of the Commissioner of Agriculture tor
1872, two hundred and fifty-five thousand extra
copies, one hundred and eighty thousand of whioh
shall be for the us© of the House, fifty thousand for
the use of the Senate, and twenty-five thousand Jor
the Commissioner of Agriculture
DISTRICT IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I offer the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That, as by the provisions of the defi-
ciency appropriationbill, approved January 7,1873,
the Board of Public Works of the District of Colum-
bia cannot make expenditures on account of im-
pj-ovements for which the General Government lis
liable, without previous appropriations by Congress,
the Committee on Appropriations is hereby "in-
structed to report in one of the general appropri-
ation bills such gross amount as in their judgment
will constitute a just proportion of the expense of
improving the streets and avenues of the city of
Washington, to be borne by the General Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that had better
go over until to morrow, if it is a resolution
of instruction. If it is one of inquiry, I will
not object to it.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is an instruction. I will
modify it by inserting the words " to inquire
into the'expediency of reporting."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
that.
The resolution as modified was agreed to.
THE PACIFIC RAILROADS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
stating, in reply to a resolution of the Senate
of the 16th of January, that neither the Union
nor the Central Pacific Railroad Company has
complied with the provisions of the sixth sec-
tion of the act of July 1, 1862, relative to the
sinking fund for the payment of interest on
bonds issued to. them by the Government.
This reached the Chair on Friday evening,
being delayed a day or two in transit some-
where. It will be printed, and referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills last received from the
House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated
below :
A bill (H. R. No. 334) for the relief of Nor-
man Wiard—to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 1499) for the relief of
Erastus S. Joslyn, of Washington Territory—
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 2771) for the relief of
Isabella Orange—to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 3371) for the relief of
Black Beaver—to the Committee oij Military
Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 3561) for the removal of
the disabilities of Thomas Hardeman, of
Georgia—to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
A bill (H. R. No. 3-593) to confirm to Wil-
liam Marvin the title to seven thousand acres
of land in the State of Florida—to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 3555) to remove the disa-
bilities of William A. Graham, a citizen of
North Carolina—to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
A bill (H. R. No. 3726) for the relief of
John S. Horner—to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
A bill (H. R. No. 3728) to provide for the
payment of legal services rendered by Edmund
M." Randolph to the United States—to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (H. R. No. 3729) for the relief of
John Forsythe, of Mobile, Alabama—to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
A bill (H. R. No. 3730) to remove the
political disabilities of Daniel C. Dejarnette,
of Virginia—to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
A bill (H. R. No. 3725) for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Leonidas
Haskell, deceased—to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
A bill (H. R. No. 3731) to confirm certain
