78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9.
REAL EST AT K BANK OF VIRGINIA.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next bill on the Calendar.
The Chief Clerk. The next bill is the
bill (S. No. 575) to authorize the purchase of
secured obligations of the Real Estate Bank
ot' Virginia, which was reported adversely
by Mr. Sherman, from the Committee 011
Finance, on the 7th of February, 1872.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that that bill be
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless the Senator from
Virginia desires to speak to it I hope the bill
will be disposed of.
Mr. THURMAN. Neither of the Senators
from Virginia is in, I think.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to take
advantage of their absence.
Mr. THURMAN. It had better not be
disposed of in their absence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
LIZZIE GILMER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 610) for the relief of Lizzie Gilmer,
postmaster at Pittsfield, Illinois; which was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It is a direction to
the Auditor of the Post Office Department to
place to the credit of Lizzie Gilmer, postmas-
ter at Pittsfield, Illinois, in the adjustment of
her accounts with the Post Office Department,
$548, being the amount of postage stamps
stolen from the safe of the office by burglars
on the night of the 30th of July, 1871.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a bill
reported by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Ferry,] from the Committee on Post, Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. There is a
report in this case which I ask may be read.
The Secretary read the following report
submitted by Mr. Fkrry, of Michigan, on the
8th of February, 1872:
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred the memorial of Lizzie Gilmer,
postmaster at Pittsfield, Illinois, praying for relief
for the loss, by burglary, of postage stamps,report:
That on the night of the 30th day of July, a. D.
1871, the post office building at Pittsfield, in the
State of Illinois, was entered by burglars, and the
s-afe, containing the valuables of said office, broken
open, and United States postage stamps to the
amount of S550 stolen therefrom.
These facts are stated in the memorial of Lizzie
Gilmer, the postmaster of said office, verified by the
affidavit of Lucius Bennett, the deputy postmaster
thereof, and confirmed by the report of the special
agent of the Department. It appears from the
papers that due care and caution having been exer-
cised in the administration of the affairs of said
office, by the deposit of the moneys and postage
stamps belonging to the office in a suitable safe lor
the purpose, the loss cannot justly be chargeable to
the fault or neglect of the petitioner. The petition
ol prominent citizens within the office delivery ex-
presses such opinion. The affiant, Deputy Post-
master Bennett, states that he has served in such
capacity during the whole time said postmaster has
held the office, and served in like capacity during
the entile term of President Lincoln, under a for-
mer postmaster, and had special charge of the post-
age stamp department of the office; and that, equal
piecaution and care of all matters pertaining to
said office has been observed during the administra-
tion of the incumbent, Gilmer, that was practiced
undersaid prior postmaster; and that, in the opinion
ot affiant. Postmaster Gilmer " wa« in no manner to ■
blame lor said loss." ,
It further appears, from the facts set forth, that !
the building in which theoffice is held was well se- j
cured by locks, blinds, and fastenings, but that the !
same was broken open with instruments and violent ;
means, and the sale containing the stamps forced
open by like extraordinary means, by said burglars.
It appearing also that active and vigilant efforts
were made by the petitioner to recover the stolen
sfatnps, and bring the burglars to justice, though all
efforts for discovery and recovery proved fruitless, I
it would seem to your committee that the case is one '
entitled to governmental relief. We therefore roc-
orn mend that Lizzie Gilmer, postmaster at Pittsfield,
Illinois, be relieved of the loss of postage stamps to 1
the amount of $548, and forsuch purpose recommend
the, passage of the accompanying bill. j
The annexed communication from the Post Office
Department, covering the report of the special 1
agent in the case, as well as the affidavits of Post-
master Gilmer and Deputy Postmaster Bennett, are
made a part of this report.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know that it
will be of any avail to oppose the passage of
this or any similar bill. I have tried it two or
three times, and always failed, and to try it
now in a case in which a lady is involved—for
although this officer is called a postmaster, I in-
fer from the name that it is the case of a post-
mistress—may seem not only futile but ungal-
lant. Certainly, however, there is no law better
settled than that the matter set forth here is no
defense in an action against the officer upon
his bond, and why we should in every such
case that is brought, before us, (while we leave
the law to stand declaring it to be no defense
whatever,) pass a special relief bill, is rather
past my comprehension. And what would it
be in principle suppose you should extend it
to everything? What defense is it against the
suit of a depositor in a bank that burglars
have broken into the bank and run away with
the money of the bank? Every lawyer and
every business man in the country would laugh
to scorn such a defense as that, and yet the
officers of the bank might be entirely free from
any blame in the premises, and might have
used the utmost precaution, both to protect
the funds of the institution and to secure the
arrest and punishment of the offender, but no
court in the world, no legislature in the world,
would think for a moment of making that a
defense for the bank.
Now pray, sir, where is the difference in
principle? The principle that lies at the bot-
tom of the whole business is that the officer,
whether a public officer or a bank officer, who
is charged with the custody of valuables,
whether money or securities, for a salary re-
1 ceived by him, occupies the position of an
insurer, and is not to set up the loss of the
securities as a defense against the depositor.
That is the principle, and it is as old as the
common law. I do not know a single case in
which it has ever been departed from in Eng-
land, certainly never by the courts, and I do
not know a case where it has ever been de-
parted from by special act passed by Parlia-
ment. There has never been an American
court that decided that it was any defense
whatsoever; and yet while we leave the law
in that situation, every session we pass special
bills, so that wherever there is a robbery we
set the law aside. I, for one, cannot vote for
the bill.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Mr. President,
I am very glad to hear the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Ohio on this question of providing
relief for such cases, as they frequently occur
before the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads. The Senator is well aware that the
precedents established by the Senate have
given this relief in all cases where suitable
care has been exercised by the postmaster.
The committee in the absence of any rule
established by the Senate have adopted this
one: that wherever it has appeared by the
evidence that the postmaster has exercised due
diligence to preserve the public property by
proper means, and upon the report of a special
agent appointed for that purpose by the De-
partment it has been found that he was not at all
in fault, the committee have uniformly reported
in favor of granting relief, according thus with
the report of the special agent. The Senator
will bear in mind that many of these postmas-
ters have such small salaries that they are
unable to procure methods of safety other than
the ordinary methods ; and it would seem oner-
ous, in fact it would be the means of depriving
the country of officers, if the Senate should
adopt the rule proposed by the Senator from
Ohio, as I infer from the remarks he has
made.
This is the first time, so far as I am con-
cerned, as a member of that committee, that
I have reported such a bill; and I think I
speak the voice of the committee when I say
that we should be very glad to have the
Senate establish some rule on the subject.
We have adopted the one to which I referred,
and have confined our recommendations to
cases where it has been apparent indisputably
that proper care has been exercised bv the
postmaster, and where upon investigation by
a disinterested agent the facts have shown this
proper care, and that the postmaster has not
been to blame for the burglary. Especially
is that true in this case.
Mr. CARPENTER. I entirely concur with
the Senator from Ohio upon this subject. If
we want to change the law on this subject let
us do it by repealing the existing law. We
hold these officers up to the necessity of giving
a certain bond in certain form, and with cer-
tain effect, which makes them liable for the
money under the circumstances of this case.
Now, if we mean, whenever a case of this
kind arises, to relieve them by special act, why
not strike the law down by repealing the sec-
tion which requires such a bond to be given,
and then we shall see what would be the result
of that sort of legislation. And the same
result must flow, not to the same extent, but
to a certain extent, from all these interfer-
ences on the part of Congress to relieve par-
ties against the i0s8 of money. If they under-
stand that they are to be relieved they will be
robbed and outraged, and their money taken
in unaccountable ways.
Mr. LOGAN. I am very sorry that our
friends become so technical on this particular
bill. I agree with my friend from Wisconsin
[Mr. Carpenter] that probably there may be
persons who will fail to comply with their
duties to the law, and that there might be
claims on account of robberies presented by
dishonest persons; but I presume no such
claim will be presented by persons of good
character, who are honest. 1 know all about
this case myself. This young lady was placed
there as postmaster, as it is termed—a small
office at a small salary. She performed all the
duties of the office, strictly complied with the
law; and I presume the fact that burglars broke
into her office is no evidence that she violated
the law in any respect whatever.
Our friends desire to hold us to very strict
rules here in the Senate. Bonds are given
by these officers, they say, that they may be
required to comply strictly and explicitly with
the law, and if they fail to comply with the
law they are responsible to the Government on
their bonds. That is true; but the reason
why such claims are presented to the Congress
of the United States is because the law is not
relaxed, and ought not to be relaxed, by the
Executive Departments; and in cases of this
kind parties come to the Congress of the
United States because it acts more in the na-
ture of a court of equity. If any evidence is
presented that satisfies my mind that there was
laches on the part of the individual officers,
that they could have prevented the robbery
or theft by proper care, by proper diligence
on their part, I certainly for one would not
vote for relief; but where everything on their
part has been done that the law requires them
to do, where due diligence has been exercised
on their part in every particular, it does seem
to me that acting as we do in cases of this
kind, where relief certainly in good conscience
ought to be awarded, it would be a hardship
if we should fail to extend it.
I do not presume to say that because a cer-
tain precedent has been established, therefore
we should follow it in every case. Many times
we have given relief to Army officers where
robberies are committed, to paymasters, and
also to postmasters, iq,cases of fire, in cases
of accident, in cases where they could not
avoid the loss. I will put this case : suppose
a fire occurs in a city; the postmaster has a
large quantity of stamps in his possession,
amounting perhaps to $100,000 in value ; the
fire destroys the office and destroys the
$100,000 worth of stamps. Will any man in
the Senate say that he holds that postmaster
responsible and will require him to pay that
