1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.
February 3,
land titles in the State of Missouri—to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 3734) to secure a more
efficient administration of Indian affairs—to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 3735) to amend the law re-
quiring consular officers to collect three months'
extra pay for seamen in certain cases—to the
Committee on Commerce.
A bill (H. R. No. 3730) for the relief of the
officers and crew of the United States ship
"Wyoming—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
additional vessels 0j< war.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 3010) to authorize
the construction of six steam vessels of war,
and for other purposes, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives ; and
On motion of Mr. CRAGIN, it was
Ordered, That, the Senate insiston its amendments
to the said bill, and agree to the confcrence asked
by the House of Representatives on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President. '
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Cragin, Mr. Morrill of Maine, and Mr.
Bayaiid, as the committee of conference on
the part of the Senate.
australian steamship line.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour having expired, the unfinished business
of Friday is before the Senate, being the bill
(S. No. 49) authorizing the establishment of
ocean mail steamship service between the
United States and Australia, the pending ques-
tion being on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thukman] that the bill lie on the
table, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like the Senator
to withdraw tliat motion for a moment in order
enable me to perfect a portion of this bill by
an amendment, designed to be offered by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
which I sought to do during the last sitting
but could not get the floor.
Mr. THtJRMAN. \ am opposed to all
these subsidies in any form; and to know
whether we are to go into the business at all,
I insist on my motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will not the Senator allow
us to perfect the bill ?
Mr. THUKMAN. Oh, no.
Mr. CONKLING. My friend weakens his
motion, I submit to him, because Senators
will vote against laying on the table to allow
the committee to submit an amendment who
might not do it otherwise. However, I do not
wish to interpose, but I think the Senator had
better allow the committee to offer the amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. After the amend-
ment is submitted, the Senator from Ohio can
renew his motion to lay the bill and that
amendment and all other amendments on the
table, if he sees fit.
Mr. THURMAN. I am aware of that; and
if Senators say they will vote against laying
the bill on the table for such a reason as that,
I am willing to withdraw the motion for the
moment with the understanding that I may
renew it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio withdraws the motion, if there is
no objection.
Mr. RAMSEY. Senators will perceive that
tile bill in the present shape was reported frotn
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
January 18, 1872, over a year ago. Since
then the bill has been under consideration
again by the committee, and it was their
intention to move an amendment in the third
section by striking out the words " 7th day
of April, 1871.'' and inserting "its date."
The reason for the other period being iixed
was that the party claimed that he had entered
upon this service on the 7th of April, 1871,
and had been carrying the United States
mails for all that time without compensa-
tion.
Mr. THURMAN. Now I renew my motion
to lay the bill on the table, and ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays .were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. If it is in order, I
should like to hear the first section of the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mich-
igan reported.
The Chief Clerk read the first section of the
amendment proposed by Mr. Chandleb.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to lay on the table, upon which
the Secretary will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 31; as follows: '
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Amos, Anthony, Bayard,
Blair, Boreman, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler, Cooper, Davis, Edmunds, Perry of Con-
necticut, Frelinghuysen, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Johnston, Mayhem Morrill of Vermont,
Norwood, Pratt, Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Stevenson, Stockton, Thur-
man. Vicliers, and Wright—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Caldwell. Casserly, Clayton, Cole,
ConklinK, Crasrin. l?onton, Flanagan. Gilbert, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock,
Howe, Kollv, Lewis, Logan, Morrill ot Maine, Nye,
Patterson, Pool, llamsey, Rice, Sawyer, Spencer,
Sprague. Stewart, Tipton, Wilson, and Windom—31.
ABSENT—.Messrs. Brownlow, Corbett, Ferry of
Michigan,Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Sumner, Trum-
bull, and West—9.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the hill
was laid on the table.
the cdkrency specie payments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 1313.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 hope the Senate will
not do that. I gave notice before the Senator
that I desired to take up the Alabama bill im-
mediately on the conclusion of this, and I
hope lie will allow me to do it.
_Mr. SHERMAN. I gave notice before my
friend did, and in the mean time this bill has
been long on the Calendar. I gave notice
before my friend.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator is mistaken,
1 think.
Mr. SHERMAN. On Friday it is true the
Senator gave notice, and I gave notice prob-
ably a few minutes after he did, but I gave
notice before that, thatafterthis steamship bill
should be disposed of, I would move to have
this currency bill acted on.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On what day was the
Senator's bill reported ?
Mr. SHERMAN. On the 10th of January.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Ohio to proceed
to the consideration of the bill (S. No. 1313)
supplementary to an act entitled "An act to
provide a national currency secured by a
pledge of United States bonds, and to provide
for the circulation and redemption thereof,"
approved June 3, 1864, and to secure an elas-
tic currency, to appreciate national obliga-
tions, and to reach specie payments without
commercial embarrassment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I perceive that the Sen-
ator from Ohio as to the date of his report is
right. This bill was reported on the 16th of
January, and the one to which I refer was
reported on the 22rl. Under these circum-
stances I shall not ask the Senate to divide on
the question of taking up the bill, because I
believe it to be fair, among bills of equal
importance, that those first reported should
be first taken up, and I hope that the Sen-
ator will act on that principle and help me the
next time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly I will.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
public building at atlanta.
Mr. NORWOOD. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate, and of the Senator from Oh;o
particularly, to call up a bill that has bee,,
reported for erecting a building at Atlanta.
The Legislature of Georgia is now in session
and it is necessary that it should act on the
matter in order to convey the jurisdiction. It
is a short bill reported from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds with an amend-
ment. It is a House bill, so that it has to go
back to the House with the amendment, and 1
therefore ask the Senate to take it up and
pass it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia asks that the pending bill
be laid aside informally for the purpose of
considering the bill indicated by him. Is there
objection ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Before consent is asked,
I think the bill had better be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. R. No.
2880) for a public building at Atlanta, Georgia;
and by unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds reported an amendment to strike out
all after the enacting clause of the bill, and
in lieu thereof to insert, the following *
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, a nd he is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause to be con-
structed a suitable brick building, with a fire-proot'
vault extending to each story, at Atlanta, Georgia,
for the accommodation of the United States circuit
and district courts, post office,'and other Govern-
ment offices ; and the sum of $110,000 is hereby ap-
propriated for the purpose aforesaid, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated ;
and the Secretary of the Treasury shall cause proper
plans and estimates to be made, so that no expendi-
tures shall be made or authorized for the full com-
pletion of said building beyond the sum herein
appropriated: Provided, That no money hereby
appropriated shall be used or expended until the
valid title to the land for a site, independent and
unexposed to danger from fireinadjaccnt buildings,
which it is understood the city of Atlanta is ready
to donate for this purpose, shall be vested in the
united States, noY until the State of Georgia sh.il'
cede its jurisdiction over the same, and also duly
release and relinquish to the United States the rrglu
to tax or in any way assess said site, or the property
ot the United States that may be thereon, durin«
the time that the United States shall be or retnai n
the owner thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
the currency specie payments
Mr. AMES. I ask unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1709) for the relief of Major John W.
Todd.
Mr. SHERMAN. I mast object to that re-
quest of my colleague upon the Committee on
hinance, because if I yield to him I certainly
shall have to yield to any other member of the
Senate. There are many bills to which no
objection can be made, and I hope we shall go
on with the bill before us and make nroare«s
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senate bill
No. 1813 is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are one or two
formal amendments I wish to have made.
In section three, on page 4, I move to strike
out the word " which" in line one, and on line
five after the words "legal-tender notes" I
move to insert the word " and." I also desire
to strike out section six, it having been em-
bodied in a bill that passed the Senate the
other day without objection, and I think it has
passed both Houses,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr Ax-
thony in the chair.) The Secretary will
report the proposed amendment to the amend-
raent of the committee.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed in sec-
tion three, lino one, to strike out the word
