1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2003
any time during the year before they were
elected they could not have come here, and
they could not have rendered any service.
Mr. HALE. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. SPEER. This is the regular order of
btlSlB688<
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot yield
any further if this is going to give rise to
debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of jVIasBchusetta. Let us
have a vote.
Mr, WHITELEY. Mr. Speaker, this is a
simple matter 
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. If I have a right
to the floor I wish to be heard.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish the gentleman
from Georgia, who has not addressed the House
since he has been here, except in a eulogy on
his deceased colleague, to make his statement
without interruption.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Georgia is recognized. '
Mr. WHITELEY. Mr. Speaker, I was
proceeding to state the facts connected with
thia matter so the House may thoroughly un-
derstand it previous to action. The entire
delegation from Georgia was elected at the
same time, and commissioned by the Governor-
elect and sworn in as members of this House
within some two weeks of each other. I think
I was the last member sworn in. Previous
to our election as members of this House I,
in connection with Hon. Mr. Farrow, had been
elected by the General Assembly as recon-
structed to the Senate, the term expiring the
year after. A contest originated out of that
election. That contest was prosecuted the
session preceding our being sworn in, and con-
tinued up to within a month or six weeks of
the close of the session of the Forty-First
Congress.
It was decided in the Senate against Mr. Far-
row and myself. Pending this there was a
struggle as to the certificate in my case. The
return had been made prima fade in favor of
my opponent, Colonel Tift. The Governor
declined to issue a certificate, and thereupon
a contest before the Governor, covering some
six weeks or more, in relation to the certificate
ensued. The certificate was not issued until
after the determination of the issue in the Sen-
ate. Then that certificate was issued to me.
It was an incident of the election common to
the delegation. On receiving that certificate,
and subsequent to the decision of the contest
in the Senate, I presented myself in the House
and was sworn in.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. At what date was!
the gentleman sworn in ?
Mr. "WHITELEY. I think in February.
Mr. BECK of Kentucky. 1871 ?
Mr. WHITELEY. I think so.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. How long before
the session expired ?
Mr. WHITELEY. Not more than a month.
Mr. HALE. Did the gentleman serve in
the Senate and receive any pay during any of
the time now sought to be covered by pay for
service in this House ?
Mr. WHITELEY. I never sat in the Senate
an hour. 1 was nothing but a claimant.
Mr. HALE. Did you ever get any pay there?
Mr. WHITELEY. I will explain that
directly. Subsequent to the decision of the
Senate, the Senate voted Mr. Farrow and my-
self $5,000 each, as contestant expenses. I
was elected and was a claimant for a seat in the
House during "the same Congress.
Mr. SPEER. Were you claiming a seat in
the House and a seat in the Senate at the same
WHITELEY. No, sir. I had no claim
here until'subsequent to-the decision of the
question against me in the Senate.
Mr. SPEER. And now you are claiming
pay for the time you say you had no claim to
it seat in the House. _ ,
Mr. WHITELEY. We were commissioned.
to the Forty-First Congress, and were sworn
in here.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Sworn
in at the same time as Mr. Young, who had
his pay voted to him.
Mr. WHITELEY. . General Young was
sworn in several weeks before I was—three or
four weeks before, although elected at the
same time.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. But that gentle-
man was not a claimant for a seat in the
Senate.
Mr. RANDALL. It seems to me that the
point is this: that the gentleman who now wishes
to have paid to him two years' pay as a member
of this House ought to have deducted from the
claim $5,000, the pay he received while he
was a claimant for a seat in the Senate. In
other words, he gets $15,000 for the period
for which all others of us receive $10,000.
The gentleman, as I understand, never claimed
a seat here until after bis claim for a seat in
the Senate was determined against him by that
body.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Suppose
a man spent a large amount of money contest-
ing a seat in the Senate and received compen-
sation for that expenditure, is that a reason
why he should be denied his pay as a member
of this House? The gentleman does not want
anything but for the two years he was a Con-
gressman under an election duly held, and
which we ratified by giving him a seat. This
is what you gave Mr. Young.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Young was not a
contestant for a seat in the Senate while re-
ceiving pay as a member of this House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And this
man did not get pay from the Senate as a
member of the Senate. We pay a member
sometimes here both what it costs him to con-
test his seat and what his salary is. That was
the case of the gentleman from Florida, [Mr.
Niblack,] in this Congress. The Senate paid
what it cost Mr. Whitelet to contest his seat.
It gave him his expenses, not his pay. Now
he comes here and says: I am a member of
Congress duly elected, and was sworn in two
weeks after Mr. Young becausel was at home,
and Mr. Young got his pay." On what prin-
ciple can we refuseto give it to him 1
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I wish to say a
word or two, if anybody will listen to me. I de-
sire to be heard for five minutes. Thesegentle-
men are claiming pay from the 4th of March,
1869, as I understand, the beginning of the;
Forty-First Congress. Yet,on the first Monday
of December, 1869, nine months thereafter, the
President.'of the United States sent in a message
that Georgia was not reconstructed; and on the
23d day of December the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] the chairman of
the Committee on Reconstruction, of which 1
was a member, reported a bill in which it was
provided, so far as we could provide, that
Georgia should not be reconstructed ; and on
the 1st day of January, 1870, General Terfy,
by military orders from the President, took
possession of that State and put a railroad em-
ploy6, a man by the name of Harris, in the
speaker's chair of the legislative body, and
turned out nineteen members who were elected
and put in nineteen who were not elected.
These men were elected afterward, and did not
take their seats until February, 1871. You held
the State, of Georgia as unreconstructed ter-
ritory in 1870. Yet the gentlemen claim their
pay from the House from March 4, 18G9.
. Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Precisely
as Mr. Young claimed his and got it.
Mr. KERR. He had been elected before.
Mr. BUTLERj of Massachusetts, 'No, sir:
he was elected on the very same day, and every
gentleman on the Democratic side of the House
voted to pay him.
Mr. YOUNG. I can explain this matter in
relation to the Georgia member in a moment.
This matter of the pay of myself and the other
Georgia members was decided by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. The Georgia members,
who were elected to the Fortieth Congress were
deemed by the Governor of the State to have
been elected to two Congresses. We were com-
missioned both for the Fortieth and the Forty-
First Congress, After the-Fortieth Congress
expired there was an attempt made there to
swear in the Georgia members, but they were
not sworn in although they held certificates; from
the Governor of the State. I occupied a seat
upon this floor by courtesy daring the whole
of that Congress, but I never was a member
of it although I held a certificate of member-,
ship from the Governor of my State. A subse-
quent election was held, the date of which I
do not now remember.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. It was in Nov-
ember, 1870.
Mr. YOUNG. We were all elected at the
same time. This matter of pay was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and they
decided that I should receive pay for the
whole Congress while the~0ther members from
Georgia received pay for only half the Con-
gress. But, sir, we were admitted on the
same certificates and were, elected oij the same
day, and the only difference was that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary decided that I should
have extra pay because I had been sitting here
during the whole Congress at my own expense.
Mr. SPEER. This amendment, proposes
to pay about $25,000 in addition to what has
already been paid.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Young] will admit
that a committee of the House reported against
admitting him at first.
Mr. YOUNG. Ah! yes; they did report
that I was not elected to that Congress, and
I never held myself that I was elected to it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We
seated the gentleman and paid him as we
ought to have done.
Mr. YOUNG. I quite agree with the gen-
tleman in this matter ; I think that the other
members from Georgia stood in the same posi-
tion as myself and ought to get their pay.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
manly.
The question was taken on the resolution
offered by Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. A committee
of the Senate have sent word that they wish
the House to have printed the amendments
of the House to the amendments of the Senate
to the legislative, &c., appropriation bill, and
I move that they be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The House then proceeded to the consider-
ation of the amendments of the Senate to the
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Gentlemen
hold in their hands the printed bill containing
the amendments recommended by the Senate
Committee on Appropriations; that, however,
is of little use as it does not Contain the amend-
ments subsequently made by the Senate.
There are one hundred and twenty-eight
amendments of the Senate to this bill. In
order to facilitate action I suggest that those
amendments of the Senate which do not chal-
lenge especial attention be non-concurred in
pro forma. I ask that the House non-concur
in the first five amendments as none of them
are of special importance, relating as they do
to the distribution of the appropriations for
printing among the different Departments.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I desire to
make a suggestion to the gentleman. The
House is not in a condition to consider these
