1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
$100,000 to the Government? I presume not.
There is r case of accident where he could
not avoid the consumption by fire of those
stamps.
In a case of burglary, which is almost &
parallel case, where all precautions are taken
011 the part of the postmaster to preserve that
which is placed in his hands as a custodian of
the funds of the Government, where by no
laches on his part the same loss occurs, I
think the same principle should apply and re-
lief ought to be granted. Since I have been
in Congress I have never known Congress to
refuse relief where the evidence proved to the
committee that the law had been strictly com-
plied with, and that it was by no fault on the
part of the postmaster that the loss occurred.
I hope that tins bill will share the same fate
that other bills placed on a similar basis have
received on the evidence and facts proven
showing that there was no misconduct, and
that due diligence was exercised for the pres-
ervation of the funds of the Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have voted against bills
of this character at all times, because I believed
it to be extremely dangerous to pass them, as
relieving persons from a contract that they had
voluntarily entered into. Every postmaster
who is appointed engages, knowing what he is
about, that he will account for the money and
the stamps and the public property deposited
in his hands; he does it with his eyes open.
That is the bargain he makes, the considera-
tion that he gives for the honors and emolu-
ments that he is to receive from the office, and
he takes the chance, he being obliged once in
ten years, or however long he may hold the
office, of having to make good the small
amounts that may be lost while the office is in
his care, which he charges over to take out of
the protits he makes from the income. That
is what he agrees to do.
Now, as the Senator from Ohio has said, if it
is not the right thing to have people agree to do
that, then we ought to change the law in gen
eral. If it is the right thing to have people
agree to do that, then there is no reason in
the world that I know of why they should not
do it, because it is doi'ig precisely what they
have promised when they took the office that
they will do. That is all there is to it.
If you were to apply this principle to the
collection of the customs of the U11itedStat.es
and were to make good to the collectors of
customs all over the country the losses that
arise without their fault in the course of the
administration of their office from the defalca-
tions of subordinates, from thefts that cannot
be accounted for in any way, only you know
that there has been a theft, and you know the
collector of customs himself could not have
been the thief who got the money, the diminu-
tion of the revenues of the United States
would amount to thousands upon thousands
of dollars in a year. Nobody, I thiuk, would
agree to adopt a rule of that kind, and yet this
involves precisely the same principle. The
reason why we pass such bills, which has been
obvious enough to me, has been that they have
been of trifling amounts, and it has been
stated to be a hard case, as it is a hard case in
the sense that anybody is obliged to lose some
money by theft or otherwise, and therefore
being trifling we pass them; but it certainly
involves a principle which it is entirely preju-
dicial to the public interests to act upon, in
my opinion, and therefore, although this claim-
ant is a lady and very likely is entirely guilt-
less of any personal fault in the matter, 1 feel
obliged to follow the precedent 1 have set for
myself and vote against her bill.
It might be added that upon the report in
this particular case it does not appear whether
this particular amount that is claimed was
shown by her books and papers to be the sum
that was lost. I assume that the committee
thought it was, but the report is entirely silent
in respect to any special evidence or investi-
gation as to how they get at this sum which it
is stated was gone. For aught I know, the
deputy, who it seems had charge of the safe
and of these stamps, may have helped himself
the night before to one half the stamps or to
the whole number that she asks to have allowed
to her; and the accounts may appear all right,
or they may not appear all right, and then she
is called on to respond, and has this relief.
You will Bee that the whole case depends upon
the testimony of the very person in whose cus-
tody this property of the United States was;
and we are not informed, as I see, what the
state of the accounts was, whether there were
any circumstances of suspicion, how fully that
point was investigated.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Will the Senator
allow me to interrupt him just there?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. It will be ob-
served from reading the report that a special
agent was appointed to investigate the facts,
and that special agent has made a report on
the case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have observed that;
but we are not told what the report is, except
that probably it was a recommendation. What
that special agent found to justify him in mak-
ing the report he did make, which I presume
was favorable to this allowance, I do not
know, and I cannot put my judgment into the
hands of that special agent. In fact, after an
experience of nearly six years in this body, I
have not the largest possible admiration for
that class of persons. I do not think they are
always as good as they ought to be. How
capable this special agent was of making a care-
ful and thorough investigation into the circum-
stances of this robbery, I do not know. But
if we are to adopt the rule that we will take it
upon the recommendation of the Postmaster
General's agent and make allowances where
ever he says they ought to be made, then of
course that would make this report perfectly
impregnable, because the report does say that
a special agent has recommended the payment
of this sum ; but all the evidence which the
committee give us of what the committee had
before them is the naked affidavit of the very
person, Bennett, or whatever his name was,
in whose charge these representatives of money,
and money in fact to the Government, were
placed. That is verified by a petition of citi-
zens, it is true, but we all know that petitions
are very easily got up.
Therefore, if I was accustomed to voting in
favor of bills of this character, I should hesi-
tate a good while before, upon the bare testi-
mony of the very person in whose hands this
property was, I would vote to grant relief to
his principal.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question before he takes his seat?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. I would like to know by whose
testimony you would prove the fact of the loss
of property except by the testimony of the
custodian ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, Mr. President, if
there is no other testimony to be had except
that of the custodian, then you may as well
throw up all responsibility, if you are to make
allowances upon that testimony, because any
custodian who is desirous to help himself (and
we know there are many such, as human nat ure
goes in the great number of offices that neces-
sarily exist in the United States) can easily
manufacture a claim like this. If you are to
depend on the statement of the custodian, to
take that as prima facie evidence of a just
claim, you may as well undertake to throw up
all idea of protecting the Treasury.
In the case of fire, to which my honorable
friend referred, that is quite a different thing.
A fire is usually a public affair; everybody
knows of it, and knows of it at the time, sees
it going on; but in the case of a fire I should
hesitate somewhat to make an allowance if the
fire originated in the very building where the
public property was missing. I should want
to have a very careful investigation into the
origin of that fire before I relieved a person
from an engagement which that person had
voluntarily, for the sake of the profits that the
office gives to him, assumed to carry out.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
there may be in this case, and very possibly
there is, defect of proof; but I cannot concur
with the policy which has been advocated here
that we should in no case grant relief. This
is not a question of legal demand : it, is per-
fectly clear that this petitioner has 110 i 'gal
demand on the Government.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him at that point a moment?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. If we want to make
any change whatever in the law, how much
better would it be to require a different bom!,
holding these men only to use due diligence
in the keeping of public money, and then leave
that question ofdue diligence to judicial inves
tigation and the verdict of a jury, instead of
having it on ex parte evidence, as we most
always have it here in the Senate, and grant-
ing relief in just those cases where it should
not be granted, and denying it in just those
cases where it ought to be granted, which is
the practical result of doing that thing in a
legislative hall?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
there is no legal demand here. It is, like
every other application for relief, addressed
to the judgment, the discretion of Congress,
and I cannot agree with my friend from Wis-
consin that it would be wiser to make the
bond less stringent, and thus to hold out
inducements for these applications to the
courts. I think the bond ought to be as it is,
and the law as it is; but it seems to me that
it is the true policy of the Government and
for the interests of the Government that we
should in some cases grant relief, for this
reason : the case is very different from that
of the cases of the collectors of customs.
There they collect large amounts; they are
furnished with safes, with the conveniences to
protect money; but here we have thousands
and tens of thousands of postmasters all over
the country, some of them not receiving a
compensation of more than fifteen or eighteen
dollars a year ; and it would be a hardship
to say that they shall in all cases be respons-
ible. I would require, as my friend from
Vermont says, more than the oath of the
parties; but where it was demonstrated that
there had been no laches, that they could not
avoid it, that they were uuable to provide
themselves with the requisite safes, I would
grant relief; and I think it is the interest of
the Government that we should, because if wt;
do not we cannot get responsible persons 10
be postmasters, which is a serious difficulty, I
know, at the present time in the management
of that Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
whether it is not true of the small postmaMers
of whom he speaks so feelingly that the small-
ness of their compensation arises from the fact
that their responsibilities are in the satne
measure also small?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. In some cases ;
but it is not always. There are cases when;
they have to attend to the money-order busi-
ness where they receive very small compensa-
tion and are liable to great responsibilities.
I have no feeling, I would assure my friend
from Vermont, about it; lam only speaking
about it., not as a question of law, for the law
is perfectly plain ; there is no obligation on
the Government; but as a question of policy
on the part of the Government. I think the
Government makes more than it loses by, in
cases which are clearly demonstrated, grant-
ing relief.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I agree
with the Senator from New Jersey that the
iaw ought to be as it is. But that does not
meet the question whether it is not the duty
