80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
of Congress as a court of equity, if I may so
express myself', as a high court of chancery,
to apply relief in certain cases. It cannot
apply relief in all cases, for that would be a
substantial change of the law. It will leave
the law as it is, according to the suggestion of
the Senator, but it will entertain individual
cases. If there be an existing equity it will
find a remedy. Now, sir, I believe that there
is 110 lawyer who has not in his studies been
impressed by that remarkable definition of
equity handed down from antiquity and re-
peated by every court and every writer on the
subject in modern times, that equity is the
correction of that wherein the law, by reason
of its generality, is deficient. Now, here is a
case tor that very equity. The law by reason
of its generality does not allow a remedy.
Let Congress then come forward and in a
spirit of equity apply the remedy, leaving the
law as it is.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, Congress
has granted relief in cases of this kind for
years and years, and I do not see how we could
man the minor post offices of the country
uuless this relief were granted in cases like
that before the Senate. There is no danger
of such a group of cases of this kind, as some
gentlemen here would apprehend, and this is
shown by our experience, for while we have
thirty thousand post offices in the country,
there have not been upon an average a dozen
claims of this character in a session of Con-
gress. The precaution which the Post Office
Committee that is usually called upon to uct
011 cases of this kind takes, is to send to the
Post Office Department and obtain all the
information the Department has in regard to
tile case. Generally we require that the post-
master of the office which has been robbed
shall have communicated at once to the Post
Office Department, and that thereupon the
Post Office Department shall have called upon
tiie special agent for that district of country to
piocced to the locality and ascertain the truth,
as nearly as it can be ascertained by the pow-
ers of this detective officer, ot the allegations
made by the party who has been robbed. It
is only upon a thorough sifting of the evidence
and after ascertaining that every precaution,
every watchfulness, every care which could be
required of a public officer has been taken,
that we recommend an allowance. As many
cases are rejected as those that are favorably
reported. As I said before, out of thirty
thousand postmasters in the United States, the
cases of claims of this kind do not average
over ten or twelve to a session.
Mr. THQRMAN. If my five minutes are
not up, I should like to say a word further.
Fime out of mind, sir, it has been the law
in regard to common carriers that they were
responsible for everything but the act of God
and the kind's enemy, and nobody has ever
proposed to change that law except the car-
riers themselves, and every attempt they have
made to introduce limitation of their responsi-
bility, even by the most solemn contract with
those who employed them, has been held by
the courts to be absolutely void, because
against public policy, because public policy
required that they should not be allowed to
limit their resposibility. What is true of them
is true of all depositories; true of banks, true
of savings institutions, true of insurance com-
panies where they are authorized to receive
deposits, and true of public officers; and yet
here we have every session exceptions taken
in the case of public officers. Nobody pro-
poses here to limit the liability of common
carriers or of your national banks as deposit-
ories, or to relieve them, although national
banks are broken into by burglars every year,
and the matter is within the jurisdiction of
Congress, or at least it assumes that jurisdic-
tion. Nobody proposes to limit their responsi-
bility, but when it comes to the question of a
postmaster or some other officer of the Gov-
ernment, then we are told that we ought to
step in and relieve him from this responsi-
bility.
Now, sir, I do not agree with those who say
that there ought to be relief in a case like this.
The Senator from Vermont is perfectly right
in saying that the case of a great fire is not like
this. Take the case of a great fire like that at
Boston or that at Chicago. Strictly, perhaps, it
is not within the definition of the act of God
in the law of common carriers, but it is so
nearly bo that we should be derelict in our
duty, I think, if we did not relieve in the case
of a great fire like that, where there was no
fault or negligeuce whatever on the part of
the public functionary. That stands so nearly
on the principle of relief on account of the
act of God that we might safely intervene;
but in every case like that before us, there is
a question of individual honesty and of individ-
ual truth, and the whole case turns upon that;
and it is because it is dangerous, when the
depository may be in collusion with the thief
and when it may be utterly impossible to detect
that collusion, that it is against public policy
to afford this relief; and so the law is and has
been for centuries. It is because it is consid-
ered better that there should be a case of
hardship now and then, than that you should
open the door to depredations upon the public
revenue by means of collusion between the
officers and the depredators; and the very
fact stated by the chairman of the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads that there are
so few of these cases shows that it is better
that the hardship should be endured in a few
cases than that you should open a door by the
adoption of a rule such as that involved in
this bill, that would make the depredations
increase year by year and every year.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I have not occu-
Jj pied my five minutes, and, availing myself of
the same privilege as the Senator from Ohio,
I should like to say a few words more, because
this involves other cases, and the committee
would be very glad to be instructed by the
Senate on the subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend,
before he goes on, how many cases there are
pending now before the committee of this
general character?
Mr. RAMSEY. About ten.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. My impression
is three or four.
Mr. EDMUNDS. About ten, I understand
from the chairman. My question is, how many
there are altogether ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Ten or a dozen. The Sen-
ate has refused to act upon them for two or
three sessions, and they have accumulated.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. There are
several cases before the committee. Most of
them have been rejected. The Senator will
observe, therefore, that the committee have
adopted a rule by which they are scanning
these cases. The committee insist, so far as
they are concerned, that either the practice
should be followed that has been set by the
Senate heretofore, or that it be totally reversed
and all cases rejected.
The Senator from Vermont has alluded to the
report and the character of the evidence. The
committee have reported to the Senate all the
evidence that appeared before them, and it
will be observed by those who listened to the
reading of the report that the committee have
rejected all claims where it does not appear
that the Department have through an agent
examined the case thoroughly. In the case
now before the Seriate, the agent sent by the
Department made an examination, and found
that the safe wherein the stamps were placed
had been broken open. He not only verified
that by his own observation, but it is certified
to by the citizens there. In behalf of the man
who makes the affidavit it is also stated that
he has been'in the employ of the Government
ever since the administration of President
Lincoln, and thus has shown that he has been
worthy of the confidence of the Government.
To my mind this case is one of the clearest
that we have had before us.
I call the attention of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the fact that the Government compels all
these postmasters to be custodians of the public
property in the shape of stamps. You compel
a postmaster receiving a salary of twelve, sev-
enteen, fifty, or one hundred dollars to hold
stamps enough to meet the public convenience.
It is not optional with him, but he is compelled
to hold a sufficient number to meet the demand
within the delivery of that office. Thus you
compel him to do an act which is prejudicial
to his interests, and you do not furnish him
with means to purchase a safe, but he is com-
pelled to seek other means through his salary
to insure that safety which the Senator demands
of him. In addition to that, the postmas-
ters receiving such small salaries are neces-
sarily required to hold a balance of this kind
in money much longer than others upon whom
drafts are more frequently made. All who
have any acquaintance with the duties of post-
masters—and being a member of the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads my atten-
tion has been directed thereto—know that
balances have stood year after year in the
hands of postmasters, and yet you compel them
to hold that money and property safely for the
benefit of the Government, and give them no
means through a salary by which they can
properly do it. If this is to be understood as
the policy of the Government, it will be found,
as has been said by the Senator from New
Jersey, that men will refuse to hold your offices,
especially those of small salary, and you will
find yourselves with offices without occupants.
Mr. CARPENTER. I shall detain the
Senate but a moment further on this question.
I understand the Senator from Massachusetts
to maintain that the law ought to be preserved
exactly as it is; nevertheless, when a case
arises under the law, or at least when some
case arises under the law, the Senate ought to
relieve. Of course that Senator would not-
select individuals to be relieved. He would
grant relief in a certain class of cases, and
that class of cases would be where the cus-
todian had exercised due diligence, and in
spite of that the money had been lost. Now,
then, if he will grant relief in one such case
he must in two; he must in all. Then
why not alter the law, and make the bond of
the officer a bond to use due diligence, and
then have a judicial investigation of that very
question ?
This case actually occurred in one of the
northwestern States: a custodian of public
moneys belonging to the land office was found
one morning gagged, bound hand and foot, his
safe broken open, and apparently with marks
of great violence upon it. It became a few
weeks after perfectly demonstrable, and would
have been demonstrated had not the officer
runaway, that he hired the man who tied his
hands and gagged him, and divided the spoils
with him.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, precisely the same case happened in Ohio.
The men were afterward convicted after the
Legislature had relieved them. One of them
died in the penitentiary, and the other is there
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio, as well as the Senator from
Wisconsin, whether he would make a rule to
cover such exceptional cases as are now before
the committee, and come from time to time,
because of such instances as those to whit h
we are now cited ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I can answer for my-
self I would not have any exceptional c:i--e
about it. If we want to hold public officers i.>
accountability, we want the law as it is. It'
we desire to say we will only hold them to il'i;
diligence, let us say so, and alter the bo id
they have to give, and not require them t >
give bond to do one thing and then establish
the principle that we will never require th-.:tn
