2004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
amendments with any deliberation to-night,
and it will have to go at last to a committee
of conference. I suggest, therefore, that we
non-concur in all the amendments of the Sen-
ate and send the bill at once to a committee
of conference. We cannot possibly consider
these amendments to-night. At this late hour,
and in the present condition of the House, it
would be a mere form.
A gentleman near me asks what I mean by
"the present condition of the House." I
answer that some members are sleepy and
others object to further action now beeause
this i3 really Sunday morning. My friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] for instance, who is a
member of the Old School Presbyterian Church
of Scotland, objects very seriously to going on
with business now. [Laughter.]
Mr. GAliE'IELD, of Ohio. I know that
the suggestion of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Niblack,] if adopted, will save time and
give us an opportunity to take a recess over
to-morrow. But I do not think it right to ask
the House of Representatives to do that with-
out advising them of a few things there are in
this bill. . I will briefly state what the most
important of them are, and then if the House
is willingto non-concur generally in the amend-
ments oi the Senate and ask a conference, I will
submit that proposition.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. Members are
nor, listening to what is said, and therefore it
is the merest form in the world to make any
explaM-tion.
Mr. BEATTY. T ask the House to concur
in the amendment of the Senate in reference
to the reporting and publication of the debates
of Congress.
Mr. HOLM AN. I hope the House will go
on and consider these amendments in the reg-
ular way. When the amendments are read by
the Clerk those to which no objection is made
can be considered as concurred in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will ask the
House to non-concur in the first four amend-
ments of the Senate, which relate simply to
the public printing.
Mr. HOLMAN. One of those amendments
I want the House to concur in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Illinois. Very well;
then go on and read them one by one.
The first amendment was to reduce from
$2,009,384 02 to $2,000,000 the amount ap-
propriated for public printing, public binding,
and the paper l'or public printing.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that that
amendment be not concurred in.
The question was taken upon concurring in
the amendment; and it was not concurred in.
The second amendment was to increase from
$10,000 to $14,000 the amount appropriated
lor printing for Court of Claims.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
that amendment be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
The third amendment was to reduce from
§10,000 to $1,000 the amount appropriated
for printing for the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. HOLMAN. That amendment is man-
ifestly right, and I hope the House will concur
in it.
The amendment was concurred in.
The fourth amendment was to reduce from
$1,004,384 02 to $1,000,000 the amount appro-
priated for printing for both Houses of Con-
gress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope that
amendment will not be concurred in.
The question was taken upon concurring in
the amendment; and it was not concurred in.
Mr. VOORHEES. I would like to have
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions [Mr. Garfield] give us some explana-
tion of those amendments. If we are to vote
on them at this time of the night, I want to be
able to vote understandingly.
Mr, GARFIELD, of Ohio. In order to
save the time of the House and the patience
of members, I ask unanimous consent that the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Vookhees] be
allowed to introduce such a bill as he would
like, and have it acted upon.
Mr. VOORHEES. No, I will not do that;
go on with your bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House non-concur in all
the remaining amendments of the Senate aud
ask a committee of conforence.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Beatty] has expressed a desire that the
House concur in the fifth amendment of the
Senate, the next in order, in relation to report-
ing and publishing the debates of Congress.
Mr. RANDALL. The Senate have added
certain large items of appropriation to this bill.
If the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations will give us an opportunity to vote on
them, then I for one, I speak only for myself,
will vote for the motion of the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Sargent.]
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
fifth amendment of the Senate.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I move that the
House now adjourn. [Cries of " No!" "No!"]
Well, I move that the House now take a re-
cess until nine o'clock Monday morning.
The question was taken on the motion for a
recess; and it was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now re-
port the fifth amendment of the Senate.
The Clerk read the amendment, which waa
to insert the following:
And the last proviso to the act providing for print-
ing and reporting tho debates in Congress, approved
April 2, 1872, ia hereby repealed: Provided, That
until a contractus made the dobates shall be printed
by tho Congressional Printer underthe direction of
the joint Committeo on Printing on the part of the
Senate.
The question was on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate; and being taken,
upon a division there were—ayes 77, noes 18;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Beatty and
Mr. Randall were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 93, noes 30.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. RANDALL said: On this question I
call for the yeas and nays. [Cries of " No !"
"No!" "Letitgo!"] Very well, I withdraw
the call.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Iperceivc, from
the temper of the House, that it may be best
to ask a non-concurrence in all the remaining
amendments of the Senate, and a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on this bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask to have reported
the amendment of the Senate in relation to
reprinting national bank notes. I want the
House to concur in that amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I movethatthe
rules be suspended, and that the remaining
amendments of the Senate be non-concurred
in and a committee of conference ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I claim my right to have
a separate vote upon the amendment to which
I have referred.
The SPEAKER. The right of the gentle-
man to have separate action on an amendment
is a right under the rules ; but the motion is
to suspend the rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe we can come to
an understanding about this matter. There
are one or two propositions on which I would
like to have a separate vote.
Mr. SARGENT. What is the use? Why
not send them all to a conference?
Mr. HOLMAN. It will serve at any rate
as an instruction for the conference committee.
Mr. SARGENT. You cannot instruct a
conference committee.
Mr. HOLMAN, I think we can, and we
ought to,
Mr. SARGENT. It is not a "free confer-
ence" if the conferees are instructed.
Mr. HOLMAN. At any rate, the action of
the House may be an instruction to the Speaker
in the formation of a conference committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I insist on my
motion. ,
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, there were—ayes 101,
noes 24.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes fourteen.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will order tell-
ers, and appoints the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] and the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Sargent.]
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 10, noes 95.
So (one fifth not voting in favor thereof) the
yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, to
suspend the rules so as to non-concur in the
remaining amendments of the Senate and ap-
point a committee of conference on the part of
the House, was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I request of
the Chair that I may not be appointed as a
member of the conference committee on this
bill; for I expect to be occupied during the
whole of to-morrow upon the legislative ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being—
ayes twelve, noes not counted.
elias o. boudinot.
Mr. VOORHEES. The committee of con-
ference upon the bill (H. li. No. 1868) for the
relief of Elias C. Boudinot, which came from
the Senate with an amendment in which the
House non-concurred, have authorized me
to move that the Senate amendment be con-
curred in.
The amendment was read, as follows :
At tho end of the bill add the following:
Provided, That taxes legally due from and unpaid
by said Boudinot in respect to the business shall
havo first been paid or deducted from the proceeds
aforesaid.
There being no objection, the amendment
of the Senate was concurred in.
carondelet vs. united states.
Mr. VOORHEES. The Committee on the
Judiciary have unanimously authorized me to
ask the favorable action of the House upon
Senate bill No. 420, to confer jurisdiction on
the Court of Claims to hear and determine the
suit of Carondelet vs. United States. I ask
that the bill be taken up for action now.
There being no objection, the House pro-
ceeded to consider the bill.
The bill was read. It grants to the Court
of Claims jurisdiction to hear and determine
the matters in controversy between the parties
named, subject to the right of appeal by either
party to the Supreme Court of the United
States, and that the depositions heretofore
taken in the cause may be read at the trial
with the same effect as if taken after the pass-
age of this act.
There being no objection, the bill was
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. VOORHEES moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed te.
obscene literature, etc.
Mr. MERRIAM. I move to suspend the
rules to take from the Speaker's table and put
upon its passage the bill (S. No. 1672) for the
suppression of trade in and circulation of
obscene literature and articles of immoral use.
