1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1045
But, sir, so far as inflation is concerned you
may have just as much inflation by means of
the national banks. The public cry for more
currency operating upon Congress will make
us authorize these banks to issue more cur-
rency just as soon as it wouid make us provide
for the issuing of more greenbacks. When
you have the national banks all in the power
of Congress, and Congress has taken posses-
session of the whole subject of the currency
of the country, the Congress in one way or the
other, whether you have greenbacks or whether
you have national bank currency alone, will
in obedience to that popular demand inflate
the currency, or retire it or compel its retire-
ment, just as the clamor of the day may re-
quire ; and it may do so just as well in the one
case as it may in the other.
As at present advised, Mr. President, lean-
not vote for this bill. I would like to see a
specie paying currency in the country as much
as any man. I believe in a specie paying cur-
rency, but I do not believe that it is of much
use to call this a specie paying currency when
a national bank can redeem either in gold or
in green baebs, and we thus make greenbacks
better than the currency, of the national banks
and provide for maintaining a greenback cur-
rency to some exient at least.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am very anxious
to have that accomplished which the Commit-
tee on Finance have in view by the introduc-
tion of this bill,, and I think their bill, with
certain amendments which may be adopted,
will aid in that object. That is to say, we can
secure an elastic currency, which we have
never yet secured, and in securing it we may
make an amendment which will appreciate the
national obligations, and that will be in the
direction ofspecie payments, although, do what
you will, specie payments are yet in the dis-
tance. But I desire to have this bill so
amended that it shall be an improvement and
that we shall be improving in the right direc-
tion; and therefore 1 approve of the suggestions
and the amendment proposed by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] in
regard to striking out the word " which." I
think it means a good deal as it stands. It
leaves any banking association to determine,
as they may will, to resume specie payment and
pay coin according to the requirements of the
law, and if they do they are relieved from
keeping a reserve. They may say that and
do it to-day and relieve themselves of their
reserve to-morrow, and the next day be wholly
unable to comply with the requirements of the
law. Therefore I think the word "which"
should be removed, and they should be com-
pelled. as under the law now, to meet their
obligations.
But the honorable Senator farthest from me
[Mr. Thurman] has placed this provision in
its true light. It is simply a question whether
the Congress of the United States is ready to
relieve the banks from holding a reserve. That
is all there is in the section if the amendment
be carried. I know there is a great difference
in the judgment of men in regard to the pro-
priety of such a provision. I know you will
find eminent business men who will assure you
that this is a matter of no importance because
men who understand business and who mean
to be true and meet their obligations will, as
a matter of necessity, hold themselves in a
position to meet all their obligations. But
my observation is that there are many men
who when associated together as directors
banks have not that wisdom or ability, if you
please, to manage their banks in such a man-
ner that they will hold the reserve necessary
to enable them to meet their obligations.
Now, we want a law to meet those who have
not this sound judgment, those who would put
aside their obligations, if you please; and it
appears to me it is a question of very great
moment whether the Congress of the United
States ought to relieve the banks as a whole
from holding a reserve. What is the value of
the reserve? To-day it is to enable banks to
meet their obligations, and it requires them
to cease discounting when their reserve is
below a certain line ; but if you remove this
reserve and then come to the very position
which is suggested by my friend from Ohio,'
the reserve is gone and you are just as much
unable to meet a cornering operation as though
you had the twenty-five per cent, reserve ; you
have only gone a little further. But when
you have reached that distant point further
from you, where the bank's reserve is gone,
they have no more ability to meet a pressure
than they had with twenty-five per cent, re-
serve, and I his wpuld let loose the entire
reserve now of fifteen or twenty-five per cent.,
as the case may be, apd would for the moment
create a superabundance of currency.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent,1f anything is to be done in relation to a
contemplated resumption of specie payments,
manifestly all Senators will be obliged to come
to some sort of a compromise or they will be
unable to get precisely the bill which they
might think would be best under the circum-
stances. Now, this bill is regarded as the
most favorable one which has yet been pre-
sented to accomplish the object; and still I
confess it does not meet my own judgment in
full. I would have preferred that there should
be no alternative about the redemption of the
greenbacks, that the Government itself should
sell its bonds and ,pay the greenbacks in gold ;
but the majority of the Finance Committee
were of a different opinion, and therefore I
yielded my own judgment on this point.
Mr. President, when it comes to the question
whether we are saving any money by the re-
demption of the greenbacks, it resolves itself
into this: is this great Government to go on
forever and never resume ? Are we to confess
our utter imbecility in relation to a paper cur-
rency, and have it fastened upon our country
and upon the business of the country now and
forever? Then there is the argument that the
greenbacks are better than the national bank
currency; but would they be better if we were
to double the amount? Who does not know
that the very moment we substitute greenbacks
for the national bank currency tie value of the
greenbacks would fall, inevitably fall, both on
account of the amount that would be issued
and the proclamation that it was not only not
the intent of the Government to redeem green-
backs but to issue them indefinitely ?
Now, Mr. President, there is this other
point in relation to the reserve: the bill does
not provide that the banks shall be released
from keeping a reserve until they are com-
pelled to redeem either in specie or in green-
backs. The very moment they do that, on the
day prescribed, they are to be relieved from
keeping any reserve. Has any State heretofore
in legislating iu relation to banks prescribed
the amount of coin that should be kept on
hand ?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Yes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. What one?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Connecticut.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Possibly
Connecticut did so.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. She did.
Sir. MORRILL, of Vermont. But whether
Connecticut or any other State shall do so, no
prudent banker ever conducts his business
without having an ample reserve of coin for
the redemption of bills; and it is not only
necessary that a prudent bank shall have fifteen
per cent., but that it shall have in specie or in
specie funds at least one third of its circula-
tion. I have no doubt that under the practi-
cal operation of this bill many of our banks,
like the foolish virgins, will fail to have their
lamps trimmed and burning and will be wound
up under this provision, so that a curtailment
will take plaee of some of the banks and of a
considerable amount of capital in consequence
of their being managed by parties who are in-
competent, who are not prudent bankers. But
at the same time that we weed out this class, I
have no question but what there will come in
other and more prudent bankers to take their
place to as large an amount, or perhaps larger.
1 cannot say whether the amount will be dimin-
ished or increased, but I believe that it will
bring into action abler and better men in rela- *
tion to our national banks. Under the present
practical operation, there is no redemption of
the circulation of the country.
The idea of a reserve does not amount to
anything except in this, that the banks have
so much less in circulation; they cannot use
it; but if they shall be compelled on the 1st
of July, 1874, to pay their bills either in coin
or in greenbacks, that will cause a healthy
circulation of the currency and it will not all
of it be dammed up at New York. It will be
held by the banks where they are located, and
the banks will be compelled to make discounts
in their localities at home in order that they
may have funds to redeem their bills when
they come to the place of redemption or at
their counter.
Under the circumstances, I do not believe
that it is wise for us to keep up this reserve for
another reason. We do want some elasticity
about our circulation, and a bank may be able
at certain times to trench a little upon this
reserve and to do it with entire safety if the pro-
vision shall be repealed. They may have funds
that they can command that are specie funds,
and yet are not greenbacks. Therefore, for
the purpose of having our currency more elas-
tic than it is at the present time, in my judg-
ment this provision ought to be repealed, and
it should be made obligatory upon all the
banks either to pay in coin or in greenbacks, or
be wound up, and under the present law they
would be.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, the Senator
who has just taken his seat knows a great deal
about finance, much more I am sure than I do;
but I can only take a very plain view of this
matter, and it does not seem to me to be sur-
rounded by so much obscurity as would be in-
ferred from the prophecies made by the Senator
from Vermont.
He states that if the volume of the United
States notes or greenbacks should be increased,
it would remove us further from specie pay-
ments and would interfere with the national
credit. We have the assertion of the Senator
to that affect; but I apprehend he would find
great difficulty in proving it.
The currency that we have now, so far as it
is made rip of United States notes, is simply
the credit of the nation coined or put in cir-
culation. It is simply the credit.of the nation,
that we are using as money. I have in my
hand a greenback, or United States five-dol-
lar note. That is part of the national debt.
That is as much a part of the national debt as
the bond that bears gold interest, which the
Senator, or any other person, may have. It
constitutes part of that, but it bears no inter-
est. And from interest on so much of the
national debt the country is relieved, because
this is useful as a circulating medium, and the
country accommodates the people by issuing
it for their accommodation.
I have also a bill of the same denomination,
and of precisely the same value, interchange-
able, the one with the other, issued by the
Columbia National Bank of Boston headed
" National Currency. This note is secured by
bonds of the United States," &c. That note
bears interest; it is bringing to the Columbia
National Bank of Boston interest all the
while. It pays to that bank interest from the
time it was issued by that bank. We had of
that description of circulating medium, ac-
cording to the last report of the Comptroller
of the Currency about $350,000,000. These
national banks are increasing in number s.9
fast that 1 do not know the exact amount at
