2008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 1,
unanimous consent to submit and have adopted
the following resolution:
jResolved, That the President of the United States
be, and is hereby, requested, if not incompatible with
the public interest, to furnish to this House a copy
of all papers on file in relation to the pardon of
Jamci Brown, recently convicted in the United
States circuit court at Philadelphia.
No objection was made, and the resolution
was received and adopted.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL LAND DISTRICTS IN KANSAS.
Mr. LOWE. I ask unanimous consent that
the Committee on the Puhlic Lands be dis-
charged from the further consideration of
House bill No. 3330, to establish the south-
western land district in Kansas, and that the
same be considered by the House at this time.
The Committee on the Public Lands are unani-
mously in favor of this bill.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that all that portion of the State of
Kansas lying and being south of the fourth
standard parallel and west of the west line of
range twelve west of the sixth principal meri-
dian, in the said State, shall constitute a new
land district, and shall be styled the south-
western land district.
The second section empowers the President
to designate the location of the land office for
said district, and to change such location when
demanded by the public interests; and also,
whenever the public interests shall so require,
to appoint, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, or during the recess thereof,
and until the end of the next session of Con-
gress after such appointment, a register and
a receiver of public moneys for said district,
who, after such appointment, shall reside at
the site of the office of said district, and who
shall have the same powers, perform the like
duties, receive the same compensation, and be
subject to the same liabilities as is or may be
provided by law for other like officers.
The third section provides that the lands
embraced in the said district shall continue to
be subject to location, entry, and sale in ac-
cordance with law at the office of the Arkansas
land district until the office' for the district
hereby created shall be opened for business
and go into aetual operation.
No objection was made, and the committee
was discharged from the further consideration
of the bill, and the same was brought before
the House.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOWE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST ROUTE BILL.
The SPEAKER. The Senate has returned
to the House with sundry amendments the
annual post route bill. It contains 110 legisla-
tion whatever, and as it will take some time
to engross it, if no objection is made the
amendments of the Senate will be concurred
in.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
RIVER AND HARBOR APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. SAWYER. The river and harbor
appropriation bill has been returned from the
Senate with sundry amendments. I ask unan-
imous consent that those amendments be not
concurred in, and a committee of conference
asked of the Senate.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT LYNCHBURG, VIRGINIA.
Mr. DUKE. I desire to ask the House to
consider and pass at this time a bill to provide
for the erection of a public building in Lynch-
burg, Virginia, and 1 ask a few minutes' time
in which to explain.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to 'erect upon a suitable site of ground
provided by the city of Lynchburg, Virginia,
free of cost to the United States, in a con-
venient and proper location, a suitable build-
ing, to be used as a post office and other Gov-
ernment offices; provided the cost of the
building shall not exceed $100,000; and pro-
vided further, that no money to be appropriated
under this act shall be available until a valid
title to the land for the site of such building
shall be vested in the United States, nor until
the State of Virginia shall also duly release
and surrender to the United States the right to
tax or in any way assess said site or the prop-
erty of the United State that may be thereon
during the time that the United States shall be
or remain the owner thereof.
Mr. TYNER. Is this a Senate bill ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. TYNER. I object to its consideration.
Mr. DUKE. I ask a brief time to explain it.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object to debate; it
is too late in the session now.
Mr. DUKE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and the bill passed.
The question was taken; and there were
upon a division—yeas 56, noes 45; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Killikgeb
and Mr. Platt were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes ninety-eight,
noes not counted.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill (H. R. No.
4063) was passed.
MINERVA LEWIS.
Mr. POSTER, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent to report back from the Committee
of Claims Senate bill No. 95, for the relief of
Minerva Lewis, as administratrix of the estate
of Ezekiel Lewis, deceased ; and have it con-
sidered at this time.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be road,
after which objections to its present considera-
tion will be in order.
The bill requires the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay Minerva Lewis, as administratrix
of the estate of Ezekiel Lewis, deceased, the
sum of $5,000 in full compensation for the
use by the United States of the steamer Ad-
miral, belonging to the said Ezekiel Lewis,
captured by the rebel authorities, and recap-
tured by the gunboat flotilla at the fall of
Island No. 10, and turned over by the fleet to
the land forces for use as a transport, and lost
while in the service of the United States as
such transport.
There being no objection the bill was ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
INDIANS OF CENTRAL SUPERINTENDENCY.
Mr. SHANKS. I move that the House agree
to the request of the Senate for a conference
011 the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon the bill (H. R. No. 3900) to amend an
act entitled '"An act for the relief of certain
Indians in the central superintendency," ap-
proved June 10, 1872, and to settle by com-
mission all rights and equities respecting the
property to which said act refers.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGE WILSON.
Mr. ARCHER. I move that the House
agree to the request of the Senate for a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon the bill (H. R. No. 549) for the
relief of George Wilson.
The motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE AT ROCK ISLAND.
Mr. COTTON, by unanimous consent, in-'
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 203) in
relation to the old bridge at Rock Island;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that for the purpose of
protecting the landing at Davenport, Iowa,
the Secretary of War may, in his discretion,
permit the north pier of what is termed in the
joint resolution of July 20, 1868, the " old
bridge" over the Mississippi river at Rock
Island, to remain in its present position in
case the pier does not obstruct navigation.
There being no objection, the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. COTTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC BUILDING, NORTH PROVIDENCE.
Mr. ORR. I ask unanimous consent to in-
troduce and have passed a bill for the construc-
tion of a public building in North Providence,
in the State of Rhode Island.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pur-
chase at private sale or by condemnation, in
pursuance of the statutes of the State of Rhode
Island, a lot of land in North Providence, in
said State, suitable for a site for a public
building for the accommodation of the post
office and other offices of the United States,  
and to erect a building thereon at a cost not
exceeding, including the cost of the site, the
sum of $76,000. The plans of the building are
to be approved by the Secretary of the Treasury.
No money appropriated for this purpose is to
be used or expended until a valid title to the
land used as a site for the building shall be
vested in the United States, and until the State
of Rhode Island shall cede its jurisdiction over
the said site, and shall also release and relin-
quish to the United States the right to tax or
in any way assess the site or the property of
the United States thereon during the time the
United States shall be the owner thereof.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I object to that
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think we have passed
enough bills of this class.
Mr. ORR. The bill has the unanimous ap-
proval of the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds. I move to suspend the rules in
order to pass it.
Mr. EAMES. I ask unanimous consent to
say a word upon this subject.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I object.
Mr. EAMES. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri will allow a brief statement of the
facts upon which the committee have recom-
mended the bill.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I decline
to withdraw the objection. I understand that
there are only five thousand inhabitants at this
place.
Mr. EAMES. Twenty-five thousand within
the delivery of this office.
I he SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri objects to debate.
The question being taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, it was not agreed to.
ALMONT BARNES. *
Mr. BUCKLEY. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report tor action at this time a bill
which has the unanimous approval of the Com-
mittee of Claims. It is the bill (H. R. No.
363G) for the relief of Almont Barnes.
Ihe bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to Almont Barnes, late captain
of battery C first New York light artillery ? the
sum of $218, the amount of his claim for
money advanced for the benefit of members
