1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
timbkr lands.
Mr. SLATER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3101) providing for the sale of timber lands
to settlers upon and owners of untimbered
lands; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
cherokee neutral lands.
Mr. LOWE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3102) for the relief of settlers on the Chero-
kee neutral lands in Kansas; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
louis j. boybr.
Mr. TAFFE introduced a bill (II. R. No.
3103) for the relief of Louis J. Boyer ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
military road in new mexico.
Mr. GALLEGOS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3104) providing for the construction of a
military road in the Territory of New Mexico ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
preemption claims.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 3103) in relation to preemption
claims; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
arapahoe county, colorado.
Mr. CHAFFEE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3106) for the relief of Arapahoe county,
Colorado ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
increase of bank circulation.
Mr. CHAFFEE also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3107) providing for the increase of cir-
culation of national banks to an amoonl eqnal
to the par value of bonds deposited ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
dakota indian claims.
Mr. ARMSTRONG presented a memorial
and accompanying papers of the Legislature
of Dakota Territory relative to the Dakota
Indian war of 18C2 ; which were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
kducati0h in territories.
Mr. CLAGETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3108) to promote education in the several
Territories of- the Union ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Education and Labor, and ordered to
be printed.
indian administration.
Mr. CLAGETT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3109) to secure a more efficient and
honest administration of Iudian affairs in the
several Territories; which was read afirstand
second time, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
st. mary's missionary station.
Mr. CLAGETT also introduced n bill (H.
R. No. 3110) relating to the Saint Mary's Mis-
sionary Station in the Territory of Montana;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
tjpper missouri river.
Mr. CLAGETT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3111) to cause the removal of obstruc-
tions to the navigation of the upper Missouri
river; which was read afirstand seeond time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed. <
schools op the district.
Mr. CH1PMAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3112) in relation to the public schools of
the District of Columbia; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Education and Labor, and ordered to
be printed.
colored schools of the district.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3113) to amend an act governing the
colored schools of the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
civil rights bill.
The SPEAKER. The States and Territo-
ries having been called through for bills on
leave and joint resolutions for reference, they
will now be called for resolutions, and the
pending question is on House bill No. 1647,
supplemental to an act entitled "An act to
protect all citizens of the United States in
their civil rights, and to furnish the means for
their vindication," passed April 9, 1866.
This bill is on its passage to be engrossed,
pending which the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Eldredge] moves it be laid upon the
table, upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in order to have
the bill reported ? If so, I ask that it be
reported.
The SPEAKER. It is, and the bill will
be reported by the Clerk.
The bill, which was read, in the first section
provides that no citizen of the United States
shall, by reason of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, be excepted or excluded
from the full and equal enjoyment of any ac-
commodation, advantage, facility, or privilege
furnished by innkeepers; by common carriers,
whether on land or water; by licensed owners,
managers, or lessees of theaters or other places
of public amusement; by trustees, commis-
sioners, superintendents, teachers, and other
officers of common schools and other public
institutions of learning", the same being sup-
, ported by moneys derived from general taxa-
tion, or authorized by law; by trustees and
officers of cemetery associations and benevo-
lent institutions incorporated by national or
State authority. But private schools, ceme-
teries, and institutions of learning established
exclusively for white or colored persons, and
. maintained respectively by voluntary contri-
butions, shall remain according to the terms
of the original establishment.
The second section provides that any person
■ violating any of the provisions of the foregoing
section, or aiding in their violation, or inciting
' thereto, shall, for every such offense, forfeit
j and pay the sum of $500 to the person ag-
j grieved thereby, to be recovered in an action
j on the ease, with full costs; and shall also, for
| every such offense, be deemed guilty of a
I misdemeanor, and, upon conviction thereof,
shall be fined not less than $500 nor more than
$1,000, or shall be imprisoned not less than
thirty days nor more than one year ; provided
that the party aggrieved shall not recover more
than one penalty; and when the offense is a
refusal of burial, the penalty may be recovered
by the heirs at law of the pferson whose body
has been refused burial.
The third section provides that the same
jurisdiction and powers are conferred and
the same duties enjoined upon the courts
and officers of the United States in the execu-
tion of the act as are conferred and enjoined
upon such courts and officers in sections three,
four, five, seven and ten of an act entitled "An
act to protect all persons in the United States
in their civil rights, and to furnish the means
of theii vindication," passed April 9, 1866,
and these sections are made a part of that
act; and any of the aforesaid officers failing
to institute and prosecute, such proceedings
herein required shall, for every such offense,
forfeit and pay the sum of $500 to the per-
son aggrieved thereby, to be recovered by an
action on the case, with full costs ; and shall,
on conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and be fined not less than $1,000
nor more than $5,000.
The fourth section provides that no citizen
possessing all other qualifications which are or
may he prescribed by law shall be disqualified
for service as juror in any court, national or
State, by reason of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude; and any officer or
other persons charged with any duty in the
selection or summoning of jurors who shall
exclude or fail ♦.o summon any citizen for the
reason above named shall, on conviction
thereof, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and be fined not less than $1,000 nor more
than $5,000.
The fifth section provides that every dis-
crimination against any citizen on account of
color by the use of the word " white " in any
law, statute, ordinance, or regulation, is hereby
repealed and annulled.
The question was taken ; and there were—
ayes 74, noes 113, not voting 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Erasmus
\V. Beck, James B. Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird, James
G. Blair, Boarman, Braxton, Bright, Carroll, Co-
mingo.Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Davis,Dodds,
Dox, DuBose, Duke, Henry D. Foster, Giddings,
Griffith, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Harper, John
T. Hirris, Hereford, llerndon, Hibbard, Holman,
Kerr, King, Lamison, Manson, Marshall, McClel-
land, McCormick, McIIenry, McKinney, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers. Mitchell, Morgan, Niblack,
Potter, Price, Read, John M. Eice, Kitchie, Robin-
son, John Rogers, Sherwood, Shober, Sloss, Specr,
Stevens, Storm, Swann. Terry, Tuthill, Van Trump,
Vaughan, Waddell, Warren, Wells, Whitthorne,
Winchester, Wood, and Young—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Banks. Barber,
> Barry, Beatty, Bigby, Bingham, Boles, Buffinton,
I Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick
R.Butler, Clarke, Cobb, Cobnrn, Coghlan, Conger,
I Cotton, Crocker, Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, Duell,
: Dunnell, Eames, Esty, Kinkelnburg, Charles Foster,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Goodrich, Hale,
| Harmer, George E. Harris, Havens, John B. Haw-
ley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Hill, Hoar, Hooper,
Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham, Lamport,
Lansing, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, McCrary, Mc-
Grew, McJunkin.Merriam, Monroe, M-oore, Morey,
Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, 'Orr, Packard,
Packer, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker,
Peck, Pendleton, Perce. Peters. Piatt, Poland, Por-
ter, Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Rusk,
Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Shanks, Shel-
don, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, H.Boardman Smith,
John A. Smith, Snapp, Sprague, Starkweather, Ste-
venson, Stoughton, Stowell, Sypher, Taffe, Thomas,
Washington Townsend, Turner, T'viehell, Tyner,
Upson, Wakeman, Walden, W.Udron, Wallace,
Walls, Wheeler. Whiteley, Willard, Williams of
Indiana, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—113.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Averill, Barnum,
Beveridge, Austin Blair, Brooks, Buckley, Cald-
well, Campbell, Conner, Creely, Darrall, De Large,
Eldredge, Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell, Forker,
Garrett, (ietz, Golladay, Haldeman, Halsey.Ham-
bleton, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Ha-
zelton, KendalLKillinger, Kinsella, Leach. Lewis,
Mclntyre. McKee, McNeely, Perry, Prindle,
Rainey, Randall, Edward Y. Rice, Sion II. Rogers,
Roosevelt, Seeley, Slater, Slocum, Worthington
C. Smith, Snyder, St. John, Sutherland. Dwight
Townsend, Voorhees, Williams of New York, and
John T. Wilson—54.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. PERCE stated that his colleague, Mr.
McKee, was unavoidably detained. If present
he would have voted "no."
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill would go over, but the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield]
desires to make a proposition to the House in
regard to it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to allow this bill to be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Revision of the
Laws, so that we may get it out of the morning
hour.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
referring the bill to the Committee on tho
Revision of the Laws ?
Several Members. No, no.
