1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2009
of his battery, while in the service of the
United States, upon the security of vouchers
for company savings, now unpaid and on file
in the office of the Commissary General of the
Army, such vouchers having been presented
at too late a date for their payment from eny
fund authorized for such purposes.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNLADING OF STEAMSHIPS AT NIGHT.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back with amendments from the
Committee of Ways and Means a bill (H. R.
No. 3045) to authorize the unlading of steam-
ships at night.
The bill with the amendments was read. It
provides, that it shall be the duty of the col-
lector of customs (with the concurrence of the
naval officer, if there be one) of any port at
which a steamship from a foreign port or place
may arrive, upon or after the issuing of a gen-
eral order, to grant, upon proper upplica'ion
therefor, a special license to unlade the cargo
of said vessel at night, that is to say, between
sunset and sunrise; but before any such special
license is granted, the master, agents, or con-
signees of the vessel shall execute and deliver
to the collector a good and sufficient bond, to
be approved by him, conditioned to indemnify
and save the collector harmless from any and
all losses and liabilities which may occur or
be occasioned by reason of the granting of such
special license. Any liability of the master or
owner of any such steamship to the owner or
consignee of any merchandise landed from
said vessel shall not be affected by the grant-
ing of such special license or of any general
order, but such liability shall continue until
the merchandise is properly removed from the
dock whereon the same may be landed. The
collector, under such general regulations as
the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe,
is to fix a uniform and reasonable rate of com-
pensation for such service, to be paid by the
master, owner, or consignee whenever such
special license is granted, and shall collect
and distribute the same among the inspectors
assigned to superintend the unlading of the
cargo.
There being no objection, the bill as amended
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time ; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TREE IMPORTATION OP A CHURCH BELL.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee of Ways and
Means a bill (H. K. No. 3384) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to admit free of
duty a bell imported for the Catholic church at
Milford. Massachusetts.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the rJBreasury to admit free of duty, at the
port of Boston, a bell imported in steamer
Samaria, August 19, 1872, for the Catholic
church in the town of Milford, in the State of
Massachusetts.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was,passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAXES ON TOBACCO, ETC.
Mr. BURCHARD, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means a bill (H. R. No. 4064) to refund cer-
tain taxes collected on manufactured tobacco,
snuff, and cigars; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read. It provides that any per-
son now having in his possession any tobacco,
snuff, or cigars manufactured or imported prior
to November 23, 1868, upon which an internal
revenue tax or import duty has been paid, and
of which true and correct inventories were
made, under oath or affirmation, to the assist-
ant assessor of the proper division, and ab-
stracts of such inventories transmitted to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, according
to the provisions of the seventy-eighth and
ninety-fourth sections of the act of July 20,
1868, to wit, an inventory of all smoking
tobacco, fine-cut chewing tobacco, and snuff on
hand and unstamped on the 1st day of Febru-
ary, 1869, filed with the assessor within thirty
days from the 1st of February; and an inven-
tory of all cigars on hand and unstamped,
according to the provisions of the act of July
20, 1868, on the 1st of April, 1869, filed with
the assessor within thirty days from the 1st of
April, 1869 ; and a like inventory of all other
manufactured tobacco of every description on
hand and not stamped on the 1st of July,
1869, filed with the assessor within thirty days
from the 1st of July; such tobacco, snuff, or
cigars bearing upon the several packages con-
taining them the marks, brands, and stamps
required by the several provisions of law in
force at the time the goods were manufac-
tured or imported, and all the other require-
ments of the law relating to such tobacco,
snuff, or cigars having been complied with,
who shall, prior to selling or offering such to-
bacco, snuff, or cigars for sale, affix and cancel
proper internal revenue stamps; and any per-
son who had on the several dates mentioned,
to wit, ou the 15th of February, 1st of April,
or 1st of July, tobacco, snuff, or cigars, and
who made inventories of the same within
thirty days from the time required, respect-
ively, in each case, according to the provis-
ions of the seventy- eighth and n inet.y-fourth sec-
tions, and who, before selling or offering such
tobacco, snuff, or cigars for sale, did purchase,
affix, and cancel proper internal revenue
stamps, no tax having been previously refund-
ed to him therefor under the provisions of the
third section of the act of April 10, 1869,
shall be entitled to have refunded to him an
amount of tax previously paid thereon equal
to the value of the stamps affixed before sale;
and the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is
authorized, on appeal to him made, to refund
and pay back a sum of money equal to the
value of the stamps so affixed, upon satisfac-
tory evidence submitted to him that the tobacco,
snuff, or cigars have actually been assessed
and the tax imposed under the law in force at
the time of their manufacture or importation
paid, and that the claimant had in all respects
complied with the internal revenue laws as far
as they have been or may be applicable to such
goods. The Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue is also authorized and empowered to pre-
scribe such rules and regulations for carrying
out the provisions of this section as in his
judgment shall be deemed proper and neces-
sary. But in no case shall any person be en-
titled to have refunded to him a sum of money
greater than the value of the stamps required
to stamp the amount of tobacco, snuff, and
cigars stated in his inventories filed for the 1st
of February, 1869, the 1st of April, and the
1st of July, respectively. And the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue may in any case,
at his discretion, grant a permit for tobacco or
snuff manufactured prior to July 20, 1868, to
be sold in the original packages and without
being stamped, to a manufacturer of tobacco
or snuff, who has given bond according to law,
to be manufactured, packed, and stamped un-
der such rules and regulations as he shall deem
proper and necessary ; but when such remanu-
factured tobacco is stamped and sold no claim
will be allowed for the refunding of the value
of the stamps affixed.
Mr. BURCHARD. This bill is recom-
mended by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue in the following letter:
Treasury Department,
Office op Internal Revenue,
Washington, February 3,1873.
Sir: Inclosed I return to you House bill No. 2113,
with sundry papers, in the ease of Berthold Lowen-
thal, and manuscript draft of a bill providing in
said case for refunding to him taxes alleged to have
been paid a second time on tobacco held by him at
th® time the act of July 20,1868, went into operation,
which changed the mode of collecting tax on manu-
factured tobacco, snuff, and cigars, from an assess-
ment and a collection directly from the manufac-
turer^ to a collection by means of suitable stamps
denoting the payment of the tax affixed to each pack-
age containing the same.
The act of July 20, 1868, required all dealers in
tobacco, snuff, and cigars, to file on the first day of
each and every month thereafter an inventory of all
the stock on hand when the law went into operation,
and gave them till the 15th day of February follow-
ingto disposeof all cut andgranualated tobacco with-
out stamping it, and until the lstof April and the 1st
of July to dispose of cigars and plug tobacco respect-
ively, without stamping. After those dates all such
tobacco, snuff, and cigars were required to be put up
in packages as prescribed in the act aforesaid, and
to be properly stamped before being sold or offered
for sale.
That there were large quantities of this tobacco,
&c., remaining unsold at the expiration of the time
allowed for the sale of the same is a matter of record.
The holders of a portion of it, I presume, would
have no difficulty in procuring the evidence that a
tax, or the taxes imposed by the law in force at the
time it was manufactured, sold, and removed, were
properly assessed and paid. And that they haye
since been compelled to purchase stamps and affix
them to the packages containing this tobacco, &c.,
thus paying the tax asecond time on the same goods.
Persons thus situated have regarded the operation
of the law as unjust, and the liability thus placed
upon them as very onerous, and they have been
persistent in their applications to this offiice as well
as to Congress for relief.
The act of April 10,1869, provided for refunding
the second tax paid upon tobacco, &c., which was
removed from the factory after the passage of the
act of July20,1868, and priorto November23, follow-
ing, during which time no stamps could be affixed
because it took the Government that length of time
to provide suitable stamps and issue them.
Under the act of April 10, as aforesaid, claims for
refunding have been presented to the Commissioner
amounting in the aggregate to some $955,000, of which
some $60,000 have been allowed. The entire number
of claimants is three hundred and sixty-two. One
third of all the claimants have failed from being
unable to furnish the evidence required by the law
and the regulations.
The proposed bill, No. 2113, was so drawn as to
extend the provisions of the act of April 10,1869, and
to allowpersons who have paid asecond tax on man-
ufactured tobacco under the requirements of the act
of July 20,1868, irrespective of the time-when the
first tax was paid, to present a claim for the refund-
ing of the tax paid by stamps. The evidence re-
quired in both cases is to be the same. The bill is
drawn with care, and with a view of rendering it
next to impossible for any one to get through a
fraudulent claim.
Of the propriety of passing this bill I have the
honor to say that the parties having -had seven
months during which they could dispose of cut and
granulated tobacco, nine months for cigars, and
eleven months for plug tobacco, it would seem that
they should have prepared for the change and that
the Government is under no obligation to compen-
sate them for their want of diligence.
But if Congress shall decide to pass this bill, I think
it can be so executed as to entirely guard the Treas-
ury against the payment of any claims fraudulently
gotten up and presented. While at the same time,
claims that may be good will fail to be allowed from
tho inability of the claimants to furnish the evidence
required. ^
Enclosed you will please find copy of Form 46, with
the kind of evidence required by this office before
allowing any claim presented under the act of April
10,1869.
tours, respectfully, J. "W. DOUGLASS,
Commie a ioner.
Hon. H. C. Bueohaed, of the Committee of Ways and
Means, Washington D. C.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BURCHARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
