86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9.
Mr. COX. I hope that proposition will be
agreed to. The bill in its present position is
only an impediment to business.
Mr. PEKCE. I desire to ask the Chair
when the Committee on the Revision of the
Laws will probably report?
The SPEAKER. That is a question which
the Chair cannot definitely answer. There
are about six committees to report before the
Committee on the Revision of the Laws.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 take it for granted
that there can be no serious objection to
passing this bill. There is no election con-
test in advance of us, and the incidents of the
canvass we have just gone through appear to
me to indicate that the principles of this bill
will not be controverted. I trust, therefore,
that a bill of this character, so clearly desired
by a large majority of this House, will be per-
mitted to become a law. I do not ask gentle-
men on the other side to lend themselves to
the passage of the bill, but merely to permit
the majority of the House to pass it.
Mr. COX. The bill does not go far enough.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I agree in all that the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
has stated. But the bill is not a perfect one.
It is not the bill we want. It ought to have
some amendments made upon it, but we can-
not amend it, as the main question has been
ordered and it is now too late to reconsider.
We have, therefore, as the matter now stands,
either to take the bill as it is or not have it at
all, and I have thought it better that -we shall
send it to a committee.
Mr. PERCE. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will thegentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] modify his prop-
osition so as to refer the bill to the committee
with leave to report at any time ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I consent to that modifi-
cation.
Mr. PERCE. I have objected to the refer-
ence of the bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Then I move that the
rules be suspended.
Mr. PERCE. I withdraw the objection.
The SI aAKER. That there may be no
misunderstanding, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will state, in its modified form, the
request he makes of the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Revision of the
Laws, with leave to report at any time-
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, and other mem-
bers, objected to the latter part of the proposi-
tion.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I should be content
myself to have the latter portion omitted,
because I believe the committee will soon be
called.
Mr. POTTER. Let the gentleman pass his !
proposition, as he put it first, under a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I withdraw the latter
part of the proposition, and move that the
rules be suspended, and that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Revision of
the Laws.
The question being taken,
The SPEAKER stated that, in the opinion
of the Chair, two thirds had voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. PERCE called for a division.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
one hundred and twenty, noes not counted.
So, two thirds having voted in the affirm-
ative, the rules were suspended, and the bill
was referred to the Committee on Revision of
the Laws of the United States.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will now recog-
nize some gentlemen who were not in their
seats when their States were called for the
reference of bills and joint resolutions. The
Chair also again gives notice that during this
session he will not entertain requests for
unanimous consent to introduce bills. To aid
him in carryiug out that principle he will now
entertain motions for the reference of bills
after the morning hour has closed.
legacy and succkssion duties
Mr. COX introduced a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 16i>) declaratory of the act of July 14, 1870,
as to the repeal of the legacy and succession
duties ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
test-oaths.
Mr. POTTER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3114) for the repeal of test-oaths ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
alexandria collection district.
Mr. BRAXTON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3115) to increase the compensation of the col-
lector of customs for the district of Alexan-
dria; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
seizure of invoices, etc.
Mr. KERR introduced a bill (H: R. No.
3116) to regulate the seizure and examination
of invoices, books, and papers in customs rev-
enue cases; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
depredations 07 rebel cruisers.
Mr. BANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3117) creatint; a commission to adjust the
compensation of the several claimants for
damages for depredations by rebel cruisers, to
be discharged out of the indemnity fund
awarded by the tribunal of arbitration at
Geneva, to be paid by Great Britain to the
United States; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
richard ii. swift.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3118)
for the relief of Richard H. Swift; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
recess of congress.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I offer for adoption the following con-
current resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the
two Houses adjourn on Friday, the 20th instant, they
adjourn to meet again on Friday, the 3d day of Jan-
uary next, at twelve o'clock noon.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to amend that
resolution by striking out "Friday, the 3d day
of January," and inserting in lien thereof
" Monday, the 6th day of January."
Mr. DAWES. That will make the recess
seventeen full days out of this short session,
which is a longer recess than we have usually
taken at a short session. At the last short
session we took a recess of twelve days. My
resolution proposes to take a recess of four-
teen days, and the amendment of the gentle-
man from Connecticut would extend it to
seventeen days.
Mr. KELLOGG. I offered the amendment
because I thought it perfectly useless for us to
meet on Friday. No business will be done
during that week, and we might just as well
meet on the first day of the following week.
Mr. DAWES. Practically, if we adjourn
until Monday, members will hardly leave their
homes before Monday, and it will be Tuesday
or Wednesday before we get to business. I
think that fourteen days is as long a recess as
we ought to take at a short session.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
ask my colleague if in his experience Monday
is not a day that always brings members back?
Mr. DAWES. It may be so, but while I
am willing to yield to have the sense of the
House tested on the amendment, I would
rather the House should adopt it than recom-
mend it myself. I repeat that I think fourteen
days is as long a recess as we ought to take at
a short session of Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to call
the attention of the House to the fact that not
less than six weeks can reasonably be expected
as the amount of time required for the appro-
priation bills. That will leave but three
working weeks for all general legislation, for
all measures outside of the appropriation
bills. It seems to me that if we restrict the
time to that extent it may force an extra
session of Congress.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I simply
desire to say that the practical effect of the
adoption of the resolution as it now stands
would be that we should find ourselves here
upon Friday with barely a quorum, and should
have to adjourn over until Monday. Now,
Monday being the day for the suspension of
the rules, and also for the introduction of bills
for reference, everybody will be here, and I
think we shall get along just as fast as we
should by adopting the resolution as it stands.
I hope, therefore, a recess will be taken until
Monday.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Kellogg] so as to provide that
i the adjournment shall be from Monday, the
( 23d, instead of from Friday, the 20th.
i! Mr. KELLOGG. I have no objection to
!, that amendment, but I do not believe in our
cominghere before the beginning of the week.
Mr. DAWES. If we agree to adjourn on
Monday every member who intends to go home
will leave on Friday, so that we may as well
commence the recess on Friday as on Monday.
I will allow the sense of the House to be tested
upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Connecticut.
The SPEAKER. And on the amendment
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Co-
burn ?]
Mr. DAWES. No, sir; but I will admit
the amendment of the gentleman from Con-
necticut, so that the sense of the Houco can
be tested upon it.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
is for a recess from Friday, the 20th instant,
until the 8d of January. The gentleman from
Connecticut moves to extend the time to the
6th of January, and the first question is upon
that amendment.
The question was put on Mr. Kellogg's
amendment; and there were—ayes 98, noes 45.
Mr. COBURN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered ; there
being, on a division—ayes 22, noes 94.
So Mr. Kellogg's amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. DAWES. I will now ask the previous
question upon the resolution as amended.
Mr. COBURN. I now desire my amend-
ment to be submitted to the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman having
charge of the resolution declines to admit it.
Mr. COBURN. I believe the previous ques-
tion has not been demanded.
The SPEAKER. The demand for it is now
pending.
Mr. COBURN. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to allow my amendment to be
voted on.
Mr. DAWES. The House can vote down
the previous question if it is desired to adopt
such an amendment.
The SPEAKER. Should the House not
second the call for the previous question, the
Chair will recognize the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Cobttrw] to move the amendment
he has indicated.
The previous question was seconded, upon a
