1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
division—ayes 91, noes 32; and the main
question was ordered.
The resolution, as amended, was then
adapted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
firemen'# fund of boston".
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
leave to introduce for consideration at this
time a bill to contribute to the fund in aid of
the families of the firemen who lost their lives
in saving the property of the United States
during the fire in Boston, Massachusetts, ou
the 10th of November, 1872.
The preamble of the bill states that at the
late fire in the city of Boston, in which the sub-
Treasury and post office building was partially
destroyed, by the heroic exertions of the fire-
men the safe of the sub-Treasury containing
$13,000,000 of public property was saved from
destruction, as well as millions of other prop-
erty of the Government.
The bill provides that, therefore, the sum of
$20,000 shall be appropriated to the firemen's
fund established by the firemen of Boston to
aid the families of firemen who lost their lives
in the line of duty during the conflagration
of November 10, in which many millions of
Government property were endangered and
saved.
The SPEAKER. The question is on sus-
pending the rules and passing the bill, which
has been read.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
Clerk to read an extract from a letter which
I send to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
"To the fire department of Boston, with the co-
operation of the various departments from the sur-
rounding cities and country, the Government owes
the preservation of the sub-Treasury vaults, with
their $13,000,000 of contents, safe and unharmed.
When we were finally driven back by the fire into
the sub-Treasury and post office building, the fire-
men rallied with superhuman efforts to save us from
destruction. Taking their lives in their hands, they
penetrated into every part of the burning building,
and for two hoars held it in check, keeping the
streams from their engines upon the burning vault,
until finally, the dome of the room falling in, they
secured control of the flames. In the bait-destroyed
ruins of this huge building they left a record that
cannot soon be forgotten of a sucoe°sful fight with
the devouring element in that two days' struggle.
"While citizens and corporationslost all,the United
States Government, thanks to these men, saved sub-
stantially everything. Such efforts and such perils
cost many lives, and the firemen number nearly
twenty of their comrades killed and permanently
disabled by the fire. These were nearly all men of
small means, mechanics and artisans, in the prime
of life, who have left behind them widows and young
children, needy and dependent."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suggest to
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] to permit this bill to be referred to
a committee. I believe it contains an entirely
new proposition; I do not know of any pre-
cedent for it. There was nothing like it in
connection with the Chicago fire, though a great
many safes were preserved during the Chicago
fire. If we establish this precedent I do not
know whereunto it may be lead. It may be just
the thing to do. But to pay $20,000 without
any voucher other than the simple state-
ment of a petitioner, upon the one single letter
that has been read—I hope the gentleman
will not ask Congress to appropriate $20,000
without a thorough consideration of what the
precedent will be when it is set. I would not
say one word to throw the least discredit upon
representations that have been made here, for
I presume they are all correct, nor would I
say anything that would indicate the least lack
of sympathy with those who suffered in this
fire, but in starting a new line of legisla-
tion it is very important that we should be
careful in the precedent we are setting. I there-
fore suggest to the gentleman to permit this
bill to be referred to some appropriate com-
mittee, the Committee of Ways and Means or
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest the Com-
mittee on Private Claims, for it is in the nature
1 of a claim.
Mr. NIBLACK. I would suggest the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions. I understand the
bill contemplates putting these persons upon
the pension roll, and if so it certainly should
be in pursuance of some general policy of the
Government.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not know
but the suggestion of my colleague on the Com-
mittee o"n Appropriations [Mr. Nibi.ack] is a
wise one, to put the names of these widows on
the pension-roll.
Mr. MAYNARD. That never has been
done.
Mr. NIBLACK. I may have misunderstood
the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What we do in
this direction should be done deliberately, so
that we may be willing to have it cited here-
after as a precedent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This is
not a mere matter of evidence, standing on
. affidavits or statements of petitioners. It is a
matter of history that the fire was an enorm-
ous one ; it burned to the building in which
were the sub-Treasury and post office of the
Government, and where some $13,000,000 of
property were stored. When the fire reached
that point the firemen fought it steadily, going
into the building and throwing streams of
water on the fire, until the dome of the build-
ing caught fire and fell in, driving them out.
They then went at their task anew, at the risk
of life and limb, some of them actually losing
their lives. By their efforts the fire was sub-
, dued, and at least $13,000,000 of property
1 were saved to the Government, consisting of
all the mails in the building and all the money
and securities in the sub-Treasury.
Now, there is in the city of Boston a fund
raised by members of the fire department
among themselves to provide for relief in
cases of disasters to their brethren—to pay to
the widows and orphans of firemen who lose
their lives some pittance in consideration of
the loss of a fa'her or a husband. This bill
proposes to make an appropriation to go to
j that fund; so that there will be a perfect
I voucher given to the Government.
It is said that the action in the case of the
Chicago fire affords no precedent for legislation
of this kind. That is very true, because in
that case the Government lost its safe; the
sub Treasury building was overwhelmed by
the flames. There was therefore in that case
no such meritorious service as it is proposed
to recognize here. Nothing like this has ever
happened before, except that in the case of the
great fire in New York, in 1839, the Govern-
ment stepped in to make good the loss of
duties by merchants on goods. On that occa-
sion the Government sought to make good, so
far as it could, certain great losses. But here
is another and a farther claim upon the justice
of the Government. At Boston, while the
property of private citizens was destroyed to
the value Of millions, and while firemen suf-
fered by the score the loss of limb and life,
the Government saved all its property. The
fight was made over the Government buildings
as the last stand ; and there the firemen were
victorious at the cost of heavy losses of life
and limb. It is now proposed that Congress
shall appropriate a small sum as a contribution
to the relief fund of the fire department, be-
cause there has been so great a loss of life as
would sweep away the whole fund.
It is said by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] that we ought not to establish by
our legislation a dangerous precedent. I agree
with the gentleman ; but this an unprecedent-
ed case. In the history of this Government,
there has never been a case like it before; and
I trust in Heaven there may never be one like
it again. But if there should be, and if firemen
in rescuing Government property to the amount
of millions of dollars lose their lives, I, if 1
should be here, or others, I hope, who may
come after me, will vote, upon this precedent
or without it, to contribute something for the
relief of the widows and orphans of those who
fight the worst enemy of man in time of peace.
I hope the House will vote this small pittance ;
for it is a pittance, an insignificant percentage
upon the amount of property saved.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him whether the authori-
ties of Boston have accepted any of the boun-
ties which have been offered for the relief of
distressed persons there; and whether if they
have been accepted in sufficient quantity (there
has been sufficient offered) it would not be
wisest to let the broad general charity of the
country meet such a caae rather than come to
the Treasury of the United States for a con-
tribution.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
very glad to answer the gentleman. In the
first place, Boston has attempted to take care
of her own distressed poor; she has accepted
in some measure, and declined to accept in
some measure, alms or charity. But this is
not a fund of the city authorities ; it is a pri-
vate benevolent fund of the firemen themselves.
In reference to this fund they have nothing to
do with the city, and the city has nothing to do
wirh them.
I should like to have this bill passed as an
encouragement to such efforts as these; so
that hereafter when Government property is
in danger to the amount of millions, firemen
may know that if they valiantly fight the flames
and save the property Congress will look upon
them with a favorable eye and reward them.
I look upon this as a claim on the justice of
the Government, which is asked to do simply
what you and I as individuals would do. If
we had had $13,000,000 worth of property
saved under such circumstances, we would
cheerfully give our checks for $20,000 or five
times $20,000 for the relief of the families of
the firemen who had been killed or maimed in
saving that property. There were private
individuals in Boston who, standing by and
seeing their goods saved by the firemen, issued
for their aid checks for four times the amount
here proposed, in proportion to the value of
the property. This Government ought to do
what a private individual would do under like
circumstances.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me to make an inquiry?
I think the House is laboring under some mis-
apprehension about this bill; and I wish to
ask whether by its terms it is not so limited
that the amount appropriated shall be for the
use only of the families of those who actually
lost their lives in the saving of Government
property ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The bill
is so limited.
Mr. BINGHAM. So I understood.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This ap-
propriation is for the benefit exclusively of the
families of those who lost their- lives battling
with the fire.
Mr. BINGHAM. Saving thereby at least
$13,000,000 to this Government.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Thirteen
million dollars to the Government, and nobody
knows how much to the community.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I would
suggest we should either refer this to some
appropriate committee, or we should have the
discussion proceed upon some complete state-
ment of the facts so that the record will show
precisely upon what ground such appropria-
tion is made, if it is to be made, in order that
its value as a precedent may be exactly under-
stood, and it may not float off as a vague
expression of charity and sympathy. For, sir,
as 1 understand it, this bill is predicated on the
principle of compensation. Here was a vast
amount of public property in peril. These
men set forward at the hazard of their lives
and rescued it from peril—at the cost of their
