1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
soil
to the date of the tax sale of said real estate,
provided said owner, his heirs, personal rep-
resentatives or assigns, shall before receiving
such payment duly execute and deliver a good
and sufficient deed of quit-claim of said prop-
erty to the purchaser thereof at such direct
tax sale, his heirs, or assigns, or personal rep-
resentatives, as the case may require.
Mr. KEBR. This bill is designed to allow
the Secretary of the Treasury to repay the
persons whose lands were sold for non-pay-
ment of direct taxes the proceeds of the sales,
after deducting therefrom all taxes, and all
costs and charges, and interest on the whole at
the rate of ten per cent., making this really a
harsh bill in some respects against the people
whose lands were sold and in favor of the
Government. The bill has the approval of
the Department, and it guards as much as it
could possibly guard the interest of the Gov-
ernment, while it does tardy justice to the poor
people interested.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question, and it is whether there
is anything in this bill to confirm the title of
the Government to any property it may have
bought under this law ?
Mr. KEBR. The bill does not touch that
matter at all—in no way affects such titles.
Mr. STEVENSON. Does it not cover the
Arlington estate ?
Mr. KEBR. Not at all: no, no.
Mr. STEVENSON. Why not?
Mr. KEKR. It applies only to such lands
as were sold by the Government to private
citizens, and where the proceeds of the sale
were paid to the Government and covered into
the Treasury.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is that express in the
bill?
Mr. KEBR. Yes; the bill does not touch
tMbse matters at all.
An official communication from the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue which I hold in
my hand informs us that "the amount of pro-
ceeds from sales of the lands referred to, in
excess of the taxes, penalties, interest, and
cost, is about $700,000."
It is better to pass a general, well guarded
bill of this kind than to leave Congress to be
for years vexed by very numerous applica-
tions on the part of individuals for this same
kind of relief. We have passed several at this
session of Congress. It is better for the Gov-
ernment, more just toward the sufferers, and
less expensive to all parties to pass this gen-
eral law.
No objection being made, the bill received
its several readings, and was passed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. TERRY. I desire to say that at the
evening session last Friday, on the vote which
was taken on the amendment increasing the
compensation of certain officers, including
members of Congress, after the roll-call was
completed I announced that I was paired
upon the question with Mr. Barry. No notice
is taken in the Globe of that announcement. I
desire to have the correction made. I stated
that he would have voted "ay," and I would
have voted "no."
SUNDRY CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SARGENT. I submit a report from
the committee of conference on the sundry
civil appropriation bill.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. B. No. 3921) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for tho fiscal year ending June 30,1874, and for other
Eurposes, having met, after full and free conference,
avo agreed to recomuisnd, &nd do reconinisiid* to
their rcspcctive Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede irorn its amendments num-
bered 10, U, 19, 21, 2^, 24, 35, 41, 44, 45, 51 o2 53, a4,
82, 84, 100,101.103,108,110, 111, 114,116, and 123.
that the House recede fromits disagreement to toe
amendments <>f the Senatenumbercdl, 4, 7, o,y, 12,
13, 14,15,16,17,1&, 20, 22, 2d, 2b, 2*. 28, 29, 30, 31, 32,
33 'U :V) 4ii 42 43. 46.47, 48,4(J,o0, 55,5o,o/,58,
59.' ho[ 61,' 62,' 63,* 61,' 65, 66, 67, 68, 69, 70,71, 72, 73, 74,
75,76,77,78, 79, SO, S3, 85, 86, 87,88,89.90, 91,92,93,
94.95,96,97,98, 99,102,104,106,107, 1(8, 113/117
118,119, 120,121, 122, 124 and 128, and agree to tho
same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate No. 6, and agree to,
the same with an amendment striking out " five
thousand " and substituting " three thousand five
hundred;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That tne House rceede from ita disagreemeat to
the amendment No. 36, and agree to the same with
an amendment, striking out of said amendment the
words "and fifty;" where they occur together in
said amendment s and theSenate agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the amendment No. 37, and agree to the same with
an amendment, striking out ail of the same after
the word "lands;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the amendment No. 81, and agree to the same with
an amendment, striking out of the same the words
" and until June 30,1875;" and the Senate agree to
the same.
That the House reeede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate No. 115, and agree to
the same with an amendment, si. iking out all of the
same up to the words " and tho Secretary,
where they occur in lines twelve and thirteen of
said amendment; and the Senate ayree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate No. 106, and agree to
the same with an amendment, striking out the word
" these " in line five of said amendment and substi-
tuting therefor " this and the two preceding and
the Senate agree to the same.
A. A. SARGENT,
EUGENE HALE,
THOS. SWANN,
Ma'tiaorr* on the part of the House.
C. COLE,
FRED. A. SAWDER,
J. V. STOCKTON,
Manaffera on the part of the Senate.
During the reading of the report, the follow-
ing proceedings took place:
Mr. HOLM AN. I hope the Clerk will read
more slowly, so that we may understand what
these amendments are. I would inquire
whether these Senate amendments, as finally
agreed upon, have ever been printed ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not;
but the Chair is not advised on the subject.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is impossible for us to
tell what these amendments are, or what is the
effect of this report.
Mr. SARGENT. I will answer all questions
•which gentlemen may desire to ask; but at this
late hour of the session, with four or five re-
ports of committees of conference pending, we
cannot send the amendments to the Public
Printing Office to be printed without incurring
the necessity for an extra session.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then we will have to vote
blindly.
Mr. SARGENT. I will answer any ques-
tions the gentleman desires to ask.
The Clerk then resumed and completed the
reading of the report.
Mr. SARGENT. I understand that if the
previous question is sustained an hour will be
allowed for debate. I propose now to call the
previous question, and then occupy as much
of the hour, conceding to other gentlemen a
liberal share thereof, as may be necessary to
fully explain this report. I now call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. COX. I wish to ask in advance whether
this bill contains new legislation ?
Mr. SARGENT. Nothing except what was
done by the Senate. We have put nothing on
in conference, but have cut off a great deal.
The SPEAKER. As there is a division of
opinion, the Chair will appoint Mr. Sakgext,
of California, and Mr. Cox, of New York, as
tellers upon the call for the previous question.
The House divided; and the^ tellers report-
ed—ayes one hundred and five, noes not
counted.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, which was upon
agreeing to the report of the committee of con-
fcrcnce.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sabqjint] is entitled to the floor
for onehour.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam- ,
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the Sen-
ate and House of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 420) to confer jurisdiction
on the Court of Claims to hearand detertnine
the suit of Carondelet vs. the United States ;
An act (S. No. 1078) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri fiyef
at or near the city of Lexington, in the State
of Missouri, and to establish it as a post road ;
An act (S. No. 1162) for the relief of Hirata
W. Hayden;
An act (S. No. 1279) to fix the compensa-
tion of the deputy collector of customs at St.
Paul j
An act (S. No. 1812) authorizing deputy
collectors and other officers of the customs to
act as disbursing agents in certain cases;
An act (S. No. 1425) supplemental to an
act entitled "An act to incorporate the Texas
Pacifie Railroad Company, and to aid in the
construction of its road, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 8, 1871;
An act (S. No. 1488) creating the collection
district of southern Oregon ;
An act (S. No. 1514) for the temporary
relief of the Indians at Camp McDermit, in
Humboldt county, Nevada ;
An act (S. No. 1539) to remove the polit-
ical disabilities of James D. Holyburton, of
Virginia, and Thomas G. Williams, of San
Antonio, in the State of Texas;
An act (S. No. 1572) for the suppression
of trade in, and circulation of, obscene litera-
ture and articles of immoral use;
An act {S. No. 1630) to remove the political
disabilities of David Coleman, of Buncombe
county, North Carolina;
An act (H. R. No. 239) authorizing the
award to the Vincennes University of certain
vacant and abandoned lands in Knox county,
Indiana;
An act (H. R. No. 1868) for the relief of
Elias C. Boudinot;
An act(H. R. No. 2312) to revise, consolid-
ate, and amend the laws relating to pensions;
An act (H. R. No. 2468) granting® pension to
Samuel B. Davis;
An act (H. S. No. 2908) to refund to Thomas
C. Magruder certain moneys stolen from him
in 1859;
An act (H. R. No. 2910) for the relief of
Orville 3. Jeaniugs ;
An act (H. R. No. 3088) to extend for four
years the act establishing the board of com-
missioners of claims, and the acts relating
thereto;
An act (H. R. No. 3274) to establish certain
poet roads ;
An act (H. R. No. 3351) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1874, and for other purposes; and
An act (H. R. No. 3710) to provide for the
establishment of life-saving stations on the
coasts of Maine, New Hampshire, Massachu-
setts, Virginia, and North Carolina.
state department expenditures.
Mr. WHITELEY, from the Committee on
Expenditures in the State Department, sub-
mitted a written report; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
sundry CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Sabgbkt] is now entitled to an
hour on the conference report submitted by
him on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the sundry civil appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, the bill we
report from the conference committee is, as
every gentleman knows, one of the most im-
portant and one of the largest ever submitted
to Congress. It involves our whole light-
house system, and unless the bill is passed,
the light-houses in the United States cannot
be kept up. It involves the continuation of the
surveys of the public lands and the adminis-
tration of land sales upon which depend the
easy settlement and continued growth in pop-/
