20i2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
ulation of our western Territories. It involves
the construction of necessary public buildings.
In the bill are provisions for the necessary
repairs and improvements of public buildings.
There are besides a great many other items
essential to carrying on the Government. In
other words, Mr. Speaker, if the sundry civil
appropriation bill be not passed a great many
Departments of the Government will be
stopped. It might be said in fact if this Con-
gress adjourns without passing this bill the
wheels of the Government will be stopped.
The bill as referred to the committee of
conference contained amendments put on by
the Senate to the amount of about $6,000,000.
The conferees on the part of the House have
succeeded in cutting down those amendments
of the Senate by a sum of $3,300,000 in round
numbers. We have not pui a dollar on the
bill in any shape. Some of the amendments
of the Senate we have agreed to recommend
to the House shall be concurred in. We have
cut down many other items which gentlemen
of the House may wish to know something
about. In the first place, we have refused to
accord our sanction to an amendment of the
Senate appropriating nearly $300,000 to pay a
Chickasaw claim. We have cut out an appro-
priation of $225,000 for further improvements
of the Capitol grounds. We have cut out
$500,000 for a new building for the Treasury
Department in this District. We have cut out
an appropriation of $200,000 for a bridge in
this District. We have cut out for telegraph
lines $150,000.
We have assented to the provision of the
Senate in reference to mutilated national bank
notes, the effect of which is to relieve the
Treasury of the United States of an expend-
iture of about $600,000. There is a number
of other items similar in their character which
we do not recommend in this report, making
up an aggregate of saving of $3,300,000.
The important amendments put on by the
Senate are those relating to the District appro-
priations. As I have said, we have cut down
the appropriations for my many objects to be
expended in the District, but we have assented
to $2,000,000 which are for these objects. The
first of these is the sum of $180,000 to reim-
burse the old corporation of Washington for
work which they did under the act of May,
1870, in improving the streets opposite Gov-
ernment property. This amount is simply a
bill which we owe. We examined carefully
the vouchers and authority for the payment of
this sum. It is like any other debt. It goes
to the old corporation, or rather to the com-
missioners of the sinking fund. I doubt
whether any gentleman on either side of the
House would object to paying that debt.
The second item which we agree to in this
respect is for $106,533 for work done after the
1st day of October during the last year down
to the time the bill was passed by Congress
for the Board of Public Works for improve-
ment about Government property. This
work was done subsequently to the time at
which they rendered their bill, and was not
allowed in the deficiency item. It would have
been embraced if the bill had come down to
the date of the allowance of the item. It
stands precisely on the same basis as the
allowance which was made in the deficiency
bill. On that I suppose there will be no objec-
tion.
Mr. CREBS rose.
Mr. SARGENT. I prefer to make my
statement before being interrupted. The
third item is something less than a million—
$913,000—to complete improvements of ave-
nues and streets now in progress around Gov-
ernment property, which are of the same
nature as those we paid for in the deficiency
bill. The deficiency bill went through for
$1,240,000, and a provision was put on that
no further expenditure should be made by
this Board of Public Works unless on an ap-
propriation made by Congress. The estimates
for this year to finish these works was put on
in the Senate, and I have a complete tabular
statement showing where every dollar is to be
expended—a complete estimate in every sense
of the word. This is in compliance with the
action the House took, which was subse-
quently agreed to by the Senate.
The fourth item of the bill relating to this
matter is, " to reimburse the city of Washing-
ton for improvements in the avenues of the
city; the work done thereon not being charg-
able against owners of private property, nor
included in appropriations heretofore made,
$1,000,000." This item, if allowed by the
House and by Congress, places the United
States Government, with reference to these
broad avenues, in exactly the same relation
that the city government has heretofore been ;
that is to say, it will take the place of the city
government in consideration of the fact that
these avenues were laid out so broad and so
long, one hundred and sixty feet wide and
thirty-four miles long, solely with a view to
the requirements of the Government of the
United States; and it is only equitable and
just that the United States, which has insisted
on these enormous avenues, should reimburse
the treasury of the District for the great
expense which they occasion.
1 will state further that the District has spent
in the last seventy years for improvements on
streets and avenues $13,900,000, and for the
approaches to the city $2,000,000 more, mak-
ing $15,900,000, while up to the present year
the whole amount the Government of the Uni-
ted States has expended for any such purpose
in the whole seventy years is but $1,321,000.
These items the committee of conf'crence
recommend, and they recommend them con-
fidently, believing the temper of the House to
be favorable to just and liberal dealings with
this District. 1 will not now enlarge farther
on this subject unless some gentleman should
desire to assail these appropriations. If there
is any question to be put with regard to any
other matter connected with the bill than this
I have explained, I would like to answer any
such question before I yield to any gentleman
for discussion.
Mr. BURCHARD. I desire to make an
inquiry of the gentleman in regard to the first
item. Is the expenditure of $180,000 for the
paving of Pennsylvania avenue, or growing
out of the paving of Pennsylvania avenue?
Mr. SARGENT. One portion of it is for
work done on Indiana and Louisiana avenues,
on the front of the City Hall reservation, May,
1871. For work done on Pennsylvania avenue
on the front of Government reservation in-
tersecting Ninth street is another. Flag foot-
ways, curbing, sewerage, under act of Con-
gress March 8, 1870, on Pennsylvania avenue,
from Capitol to Fifteenth street, is another.
Mr. BURCHARD. The act of 1870, which
provides for the paving of Pennsylvania
avenue, required the United States to pay one
half of the expense opposite the property of
the United States. Is this appropriation for
paying more than that proportion ?
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir; it is not. This
is work which was not paid for by appropria-
tion of Congress.
Mr. CREBS. Is the gentleman aware what
amount was paid by Congress ?
Mr. SARGENT. I have atable here show-
ing it. But it makes no difference what it is.
If I owe a bill of $100 and pay fifty dollars,
and my creditor comes and asks the other fifty
dollars, it is no answer to say " Oh I you are
greedy to want the other fifty dollars." The
gentleman asked the other day " Do you know
that Congress has paid a certain amount?" I
am quite aware of it, but say that this is a bal-
ance unquestionably due.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Does the bill mako
any provision for the manner in which this
money is to be expended?
Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman will look
at the amendments, as he will find them on his
desk, he will see the exact way in -which it i3
provided that the money shall be expended.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I find no restriction
whatever imposed. The money can be ex-
pended just as these gentlemen please.
Mr. SARGENT. I believe it will be ex-
pended as carefully and as faithfully as before.
I know that I differ from my friend from New
York [Mr. Roosevelt] in that respect. The
gentleman has occupied hours of this House, as
he had a right to do, in criticising the action
of the Board of Works. I have tried to read
his remarks and study the subject and see if
they were a fair and legitimate criticism; but,
except in some minor points, I must say that I
do not agree with him. I believe the improve-
ments in the District have cost twenty-five per
cent, less than similar improvements have cost
in the gentleman's own city, less than they
have cost in Chicago orin San Francisco, while
the work has been better, or at all events of a
very superior character. I believe that._ T
believe upon full reflection and examination
that the Board of Public Works have acted
honestly, that their fingers are clean, and that
by their action they have worked out advan-
tageous results, and therefore I am not dis-
posed to hamper them in their operations.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. As I understand it,
this authorizes an expenditure of $2,000,000
without any restrictions whatever. I want to
ask the gentleman if he has paid attention to
the statement which has been made that the
debt of this District will reach $20,000,000 ?
Mr. SARGENT. I have seen that state-
ment, and have I also seen the contradiction of
it. I have examined the matter somewhat
carefully, and I have seen these exaggerated
statements to which the gentleman refers, and
I can only say that I do not draw the same
conclusions from the papers that he does.
Mr. TOWN SEND, of Pennsylvania. *1
want to make an inquiry of the gentleman
from California. I want to call his attention
to the thirteenth amendment, and to inquire
of him whether provision has not, been made
by the banks for securing their new circulation.
By section thirty-one of the act concerning
national banks it was provided that one per
cent, on their circulation should go to pay for
the printing of their notes, and there is in the
Treasury to-day $19,000,000 appropriated for
that purpose. I want to know why it is that
the committee of conference want the banks
to pay over again for that expenditure?
Mr. SARGENT. By the original act pro-
viding for the circulation of these banks it was
provided that a certain tax should be levied
and applied to this purpose ; but that was not
a provision for all time and eternity, so long
as the banks should issue currency. There is
no fund remaining in the Treasury for this
purpose. The balance of the tax collected
was to be for the general purposes of the Uni-
ted States after paying these expenses. This
was not a fund that belonged to the banks ; it
was not like the Chinese indemnity fund.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Let
me answer the gentleman for a moment.
Mr. SARGENT. Not just now ; I move
that the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. There is no necessity of
an adjournment; the session may be continued.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I will not press my
motion.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I wish
merely to say that the interpretation which the
gentleman from California puts on the act is
not the correct one.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will sus-
pend. The senior Journal clerk informs the
Chair that it is better an adjournment should
take place so that the remainder of the pro-
ceedings may be journalized on the 3d of
March ; otheiwise it would appear that they
were all journalized on the 1st of March, which
was Saturday.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
