um
MB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
report. He said, " Mr. Jonea approved the
object, he talked charmingly, but he gave noth-
ing." [Laughter.] The Senator presents ope
of the best speeches I have heard in regard to
specie resumption; but there is no provision
ia his bill which in my judgment tends in that
direction.
He speaks of providing an elastic currency
which shall meet the wants of the public,
which shall meet the necessities of business,
which shall yield pressed either way as busi-
ness may press. How does he propose to meet
it ? He says that if any man has a thousand
dollars in greenbacks he may go to the Treas-
urer and take a bond. That is contraction.
He says also that banking shall be free. That
is expansion, and they do not come together.
When the notes are funded in bonds ihe Sec-
retary of the Treasury has permission to do
what? To use those notes to purchase or
redeem the public debt. To purchase is to
buy. I have a bond against the United States.
I go to the Secretary of the Treasury and ask
him to give me some of these notes for it. He
holds them in his drawer, gives them or not at'
his pleasure, and there is no reconvertibility
by this provision of this bill.
More than that, you say he may buy. Then
he is to enter into a contract with me as to
how many of these notes he will give me for
my bond, how many I can obtain at the Treas-
ury for my bond. That is not the way for
this Government to meet its obligations. It
is not to have an agent stand by with discre-
tionary power and ask a creditor how much
he will take for his debt of $1,000 agaiust the
Government. That is not the position for this
Government to occupy.
That provision of this bill should in my
judgment be erased, aud in lieu thereof, when
the time comes and I have an opportunity, I
shall propose that the principal of any United
States bonds bearing interest payable in coin
shall, on demand by the holder thereof, be
paid by the Secretary of the Treasury iu legal-
tender notes, and the iuterest thereon in coin.
With that provision you would have a degree
of elasticity. The Secretary of the Treasury
would be required to give bonds when you pre-
sented notes, and whon you presented bonds
he would be required to give notes; the one
would be exchanged for the other. Why is
not that right ? Why would it not be advisa-
ble for the business interests of the country ?
If my friend from Pennsylvania were prose
eutiag his business and had a few thousand
dollars or a few hundred thousand dollars that
he did not want at preseut, how right and
reasonable it would be for him to go to the
Treasury and ask for bonds payable with in-
terest, and then having the option at his pleas-
ure, when the necessities of his business de-
manded, to go and give up those bonds and
ask for currency again. That would be an in
terohangeability which would meet his wants,
whether he wanted more or wanted less.
That is one of the provisions which in my
judgment ought to be inserted in this bill. I
will speak of another. 'Ihe third section down
to the proviso provides that all banking asso-
ciations shall redeem in legal-tender notes.
Well, suppose they redeem in legal-tender
notes, and legal-tender notes are "redeemed
by the Gevernment; that will be well to a
certain extent; it will bean improvement,
because you can through the banks, if you get
legal-tender notes, get interest-bearing bonds;
but if, as some men anticipate—I do not fully
coincide with their views pn this subject—all
your greenbacks will be funded into five per
cent, bonds, then I ask you what the banks
can have to redeem their notes with ? They
will have nothing unless they have gold. I
cannot believe that within my observation it
is possible for the banks and the Government
to resume specie payments and maintain them.
They can resume, but it will be but for a
day,. If you will go back for eight years pre-
vious to 1872 the imports of this country were
$410,000,000 over and above the exports; the
balance of trade was $410,000,000 against us—
more than $50,000,000 a year.
Mr. FENTON. The balance of trade against
us now is more than $50,000,000 semi-annu-
ally ; more than that for the last six months
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. After striking the
balance between the exports of gold and of
merchandise the balance of trade last year
was sixty-two millions against us. But what
I was about to say was that so long as this
country has such a balance of trade against
it, so long as it continues, we cannot maintain
specie resumption. It is desirable, but it
would be as difficult as it would for you, sir,
to buy all that you needed and pay cash for it
when your expenditures were more than your
income. When you were in that position you
would have to get in debt a little, according
to the arithmetic I studied when I was young;
and if you were in debt you could not pay
cash on delivery for all you bought.
So in regard to the resumption of specie pay-
ments. If we cannot resume specie payments
and maintain them, then it is the duty of this
Government to come the nearest to it possible,
and what is that ? Pay in Government bonds,
redeem the promise which you have made as
best you can. Now, I say, give not only the
Secretary of the Treasury of the United States
the right and authority to redeem the green-
backs, but give every bank in this country the
right to redeem its circulation in coin or in
United States interest-bearing bonds. Why?
They are better at times than your bank notes.
You go now and you get nothing of more
value than the note, and therefore you keep
the note; but if you authorize the banks to
redeem bygiving United States interest-bearing
bonds at par for their notes, then you give that
which is of more value than the note itself,
and there is something toward redemption.
Again, something has been said about a re-
serve. If you will require or permit banks to
hold United States interest-bearing bonds as a
part of their reserve, it will create a demand
i'or those bonds and appreciate their value. If
you will allow them to hold them as a reserve
and to redeem, you will do more in my judg-
ment to relieve the business interests of this
country, to put it on the road to a higher de-
gree of prosperity, than you have done by any
banking act or currency act which you have
passed in the last four years.
I will say nothing more on the subject ex-
cept this : that if I shall have an opportunity
after the amendment is voted upon which is
proposed by the Senator from Ohio, I will
offer such amendments to the bill as I have
suggested, and 1 would suggest to the honor-
able Senator who proposed this amendment
limiting the interest on bonds to two per cent,
that, in my judgment, it will not answer the
purpose. I was not in favor of the bonds bear-
ing five per cent, interest; but if it meets the
views of the Committee on Finance it is not
for me to object. It is merely a questiou of
amount and not of principle. But I want to
say to the honorable Senator from Ohio, the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, that
when he talks about issuing these bonds in
payment of or to redeem the legal-tender notes
and says that that will appreciate the notes, he
is mistaken in his arithmetic ; for, according
to my observation, the more five per cent, bonds
you put into the market the lower they go,
just like every otherarticle, and that is not the
way to appreciate your bonds; but if you will
adopt my suggestion and create a demand, they
will be worth a little more.
Mr. FENTON. It is not very important
that I interrupted my friend while he was
speaking in regard to the amount of the excess
of imports over exports during the six months
ending December 31 last; but I have before
me a table prepared at the Bureau of Statistics
by Mr. Young, showing the gross sum to be
$55,205,541. In this statement, however,
there is no distinction made between the
importations of gold and merchandise or the
exportation of our own products and gold,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Thukman,] to strike out "five" and
insert "two."
Mr. THURMAN. Before the vote is taken
on that, I wish to make one other suggestion
that the business men of the Senate, those
acquainted with the customs of business bet-
ter than I am, may consider before they give
their votes ; and that is this: would it not be
a good thing to have a two per cent, bond ?
Two per cent, bonds would be like a British
consol and perform the same functions that
the British consol does ; that is to say, a man
having money that he did not know what to
do with for the time being, but which he might
want to use twenty or thirty or forty days
hence, would invest in the purchase of a two
per cent, bond which would always be on the
market, below par, 1 admit, as the British con-
sols are generally below par, but always ob-
tainable. In that way a man need not have his
money lying idle. We know that that is the case
with British consols. Scarcely anybody hoards
money in England, because ifhe does not see
exactly the way to invest it, he invests it tem-
porarily in consols which he can always sell
for about what he gave for them, and gener-
ally with the accrued interest added, so that
he gets interest for his money during the time
he is waiting for an investment, and although
it is a very small rate of interest, it is better
than no interest at all. Yon cannot now buy,
for instance, five-twentiesto invest your money
in temporarily, nor will you buy a five per cent.,
but if you had a two per cent, which would be
always on the market, might it not be a very
convenient thing? I think a sufficient num-
ber of the greenbacks would be invested in
the two per cents, to make abond that answers
very much to the British consol, and that
might be of very material service to men who
wanted to invest their money for the time
being and wait for some chance to invest it
better. That is what occurs to me. At all
events, I think that if we agree to pay interest
for this greenback currency, with which the
people are perfectly satisfied, the lowest rate
of interest we pay the better.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I think the rate of
interest named by the Senator from Ohio is
too low to meet the views of any business
man. He must remember that the rate of
interest is much higher here and has been than
in England for many years, and when the
English consols bearing two per cent, interest
were taken, their usual rate of interest was
three or three and a half per cent.; but to-day
and almost always in this country interest
varies from five per cent, upward. Now I
submit that very few business men would take
a bond bearing two per cent, interest; they
would run a little risk and let me have their
money at five per cent. If the Senator would
name three and sixty-five hundredths percent.,
I think it would be more likely to go.
Mr. THURMAN. It is my purpose to do
that if I fail on the two percent., but I hope I
shall not fail on the two per cent.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President  
Mr. EDMUNDS; Will the Senator from
Delaware yield to a motion for an executive
session ?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to j and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After twelve minutes spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, and (at
four o'clock and ten minutes p.m.) the Senate
adjourned.
