1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1053
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 3, 1878.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prater
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved. 0RDBR 0p business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order -will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions for reference to their appro-
priate committees, and not to be broughtlmck
by motions to reconsider. . Under this call
memorials and resolutions of State and ter-
ritorial Legislatures may be presented for
reference and printing. The morning hour
begins at ten minutes after twelve o'clock.
sally everit herrick.
Mr. PETERS introduced a bill (B. R. No.
3738) for the relief of Sally Everit Herrick ;
whicb was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions and War of
1812.
day of national thanksgiving.
Mr. HALE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3739) to provide for the observance of a day
of national thanksgiving in all the States and
Territories ; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Education and Labor.
abraham amazeen.
Mr, HIBBARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3740) granting a pension to Abraham
Amazeen, a soldier of the war of 1812; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812.
international statistical congress.
Mr. WILLARD introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 188) authorizing the President
to invite the international statistical congress
to hold its next session in the United States ;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
non-combatants, etc.
Mr. BANKS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 189) recommending the President
of the United States to open communication
with foreign Governments of America and
Europe for the purpose of devising efficient
measures to protect non-combatants, enforce a
rigid observance of the rules of civilized war-
fare, encourage emancipation, and promote a
just and permanent peace between the people
of Cuba and the Spanish Government; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
jurisdiction op circuit courts.
Mr. TWICHELL, introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3741) relating to the jurisdiction of the
circuit courts of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
kansas and colorado railway.
Mr. TWICHELL also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3742) granting the right of way through
the public lands to the Kansas and Colorado
Railway Company; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
atchison, topeka, and.santa fe railway.
Mr. TWICHELL also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3743) granting the right of way to the
Atchison, Topeka, and Santa F6 Railway Com-
pany ; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
floating light-houses.
Mr. STARKWEATHER introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 3744) for the erection of floating
light-houses, and to provide means for the
saving of life and property ; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
eunice christie.
Mr. STARKWEATHER also introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 3745) granting a pension to
Eunice Christie; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
david j. millard.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3746) forthe relief of David J. Millard,
for damages under a contract to furnish ten
thousand cavalry sabers for the Government;
which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
chief of bureau of statistics.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS also introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 3747) to prescribe the duties of
the chief of the Bureau of Statistics; which
was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
karl zeitbnheimeb.
Mr. LANSING introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3748) for the relief of Karl Zeitenheimer;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
margaret h. pittinger.
Mr. HILL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3749) granting a pension to Margaret H. Pit-
tin ger ; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
naval medical corps.
Mr. HALDEMAN introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3750) to extend the period limiting
the age of candidates for admission to the med-
ical corps of the Navy; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
pensions.
Mr. SPEER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3751) to repeal so much of section six of the
act of July 4, 1864, entitled "An act supple-
mentary to an act entitled 'An act to grant
pensions,' as limits the time in which claims
for pensions may be granted, and for other
purposes which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee ou Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
national photographic institute.
Mr. HARMER introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3752) to establish a national photographic
institute; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed.
light-ship for new york harbor.
Mr. NEGLEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3753) to restore a light-ship to its former posi-
tion in New York harbor ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
american claims upon chili.
Mr. MERRICK introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 190) directing negotiations to
be opened with the Government of Chili for
the adjustment of the claims of American citi-
zens ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
refunding of income tax.
Mr. PORTER (by request) introduced a
joint resolution (H. R. No.- 191) to refund
special income tax of five per cent, paid by
officers and soldiers of the United States Army
and Navy; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
tice meters.
Mr. STOWELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3754) to provide for the refunding of
money paid for Tice meters by distillers;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
major of artillery.
Mr. BRAXTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3755) to authorize the appointmrtit of a
major of artillery in the Army of the United
States; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
george washington.
Mr. BRAXTON also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3756) for the relief of George Wash-
ington, of Alexandria, Virginia; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
repeal of bankrupt act.
Mr. COBB presented resolutions of the
General Assembly of North Carolina, against
the repeal of the bankrupt act; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
spirits distilled from fruit.
Mr. ROGERS, of North Carolina, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 3757) to repeal the tax im-
posed upon spirits distilled from fruit, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. YOUNG introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3758) for the removal of disabilities from all
citizens of the United States; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
heirs of dr. a. f. alexander.
Mr. HAYS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3759) for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Dr. A. F. Alexander, of Eutaw,
Greene county, Alabama; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
william and mary college.
Mr. PERCE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3760) for the reimbursement of the College of
William and Mary, in Virginia, for property
destroyed during the war of the rebellion ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Education and
Labor, and ordered to be printed.
north louisiana and texas railroad.
Mr. MOREY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3761) to authorize the North Louisiana and
Texas Railroad Company to construct a bridge
over the Red river at or near Shreveport,
Louisiana; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
bridge across ouachita river.
Mr. MOREY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3762) to authorize the North Louisiana and
Texas Railroad Company to construct abridge
over the Ouachita at or near Monroe, Louis-
iana ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
civil rights.
■Mr. MOREY also presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Louisiana, urging the pas-
sage of a national civil rights bill; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
cordelia kebshner.
Mr. PECK introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3763) granting a pension io Cordelia Kersh-
ner; which was read a first and second time,
