1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
press terras to the families of those who lost
l heir lives in subduing the fire and saving to the
Government ot'the United States $18,000,000
ot' money. There is no question about it that !
the bill is limited exclusively to that class of
persona, and to the sum of $20,000.
Now, it surprises me to hear genkfanasn j
that thia is without precedent. I Qadactske s
to wy that I o&n find upon your teaks
fifty precedents of like character. You WtTl
find among other things, in the legislation of j
Congress forty years ago or more, a bill by
which a whole township of public lands in
my State was granted to a gentleman of the
name of Dohrman, who had advanced his
money voluntarily to General Washington as
commander of the armies of the United
States, without making any loan to the Gov-
ernment of the United States; yet our«tatute-
books will show that not only were both he
and his wife placed upon the pension-roll
during their natural lives, but there was
given to him a whole township of public lands
belonging to the Government of the United
States within the limits of the State of Ohio.
I have no very distinct recollection of what
was the action of the Government of the
United States in making pecuniary reward to
La Fayette for the services which he rendered
the Government, but I know that it was not a
pension ; it was a very large pecuniary re-
ward for services of a pecuniary character
which he had rendered the Government.
Now, I do not believe there can be a doubt
in the mind of any member of the House that
in this instance a service was rendered which
contributed directly by the loss of the lives
of persons to the saving of $13,000,000 to the
Government. It is not a provision merely for '
the saving of buildings from conflagration ; it
is for the saving of money of the United
States: and I think the Government of the
Uuited States would stand alone among the
Governments of all civilized nationalities if jt
were to be said of it to-day that there is no
precedent for this mode of legislation. I
repeat again that our statute-book is full of
precedents, and I am for the bill, for it with
or without reference to a committee. There
is nothing extravagant in it, as has been well
said by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Bctler.]
Mr. BANKS. The objection to the refer-
ence of this bill is that it would postpone action
upon it for an indefinite period of time.
Mr. AMBLER. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I will say that I do not think there is
any desire to postpone action on the bill. I
am entirely content that the committee shall
have leave to report it back at any time.
Mr. BANKS. That is not proposed, and it
would require unanimous consent.
Mr. AMBLER. I do not think anybody will
object.
Mr. BANKS. There is a distinct principle
in the bill which is of universal application.
It is a proposition to reward persons for ser-
vices to the United States, ana I do not think
that any principle can be stated of more uni-
versal application. If this were the claim of
individuals for services it might be said that a
committee should inquire into the facts and re-
quire them to prove the services. Bat, sir, it is
universally known that the men who rendered
these services were killed in the service, in
the very set of preserving the public property
of the United States. Their families are left
upon the pnblic to be supported by somebody.
Now who has a better right, to use an Irish-
man's phrase, to contribute to the Bupport of
these families than the Government of the
United States ? These men died in its service,
for the preservation of its property. Now, the
Government of the United States appropriates
money, and that money is expended by the
Secretary of State every year, to reward men
who by noble and heroic acts on the high seas
preserve the property of other people.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Allow me to ask 
Mr. BANKS. In one moment. We reward
every case that is brought to our attention of
noble and heroic service in preserving the
property of private citizens. And when the
property of the Government itself is imperiled, !
attd citizens volunteer to preserve it—for the
Government had no power in this case to call
diwcfiy upon the citizens of Massachusetts to
f>rot«ct that property—when this volunteer aid
is given and life is sacrificed in the effort, why
should not we be willing to give a reasonable
compensation to the families of those who
suffered ? j
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to get one !
fact from the gentleman. Was anybody killed
while actually engaged upon this public build- ;
Mr. BANKS. I think it is so stated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not so under-
stand ; but only that some firemen were killed
during the night while attempting to stop the
fire. Was anybody killed who was attempting
to save the Government building, during the
time he was so engaged ?
Mr. BANKS. I understand that life was
lost on the very premises.
Mr. FARNSYVORTH. I ask the gentle-
man from the city of Boston [Mr. Hoopeu]
what was the fact ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I do not
understand that anybody was killed in the ,
building.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No one was killed
at the time he was actually at work on the
building?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Not
directly then. 1
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But some were killed
while laboring on other property?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. While
laboring to keep the fire from approaching this
building.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it not true that
the Government buildings in the city of Bos-
ton, by their superior strength, being more
nearly fire-proof than the other buildings,
aided rather to stop the progress of the fire ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. That is
true.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, I wanted to
get out those two facts.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. HooperJ who
introduced this bill what was the character
of this property that was saved from destruc-
tion. The gentleman has informed us that
$13,000,000 of Government property was
saved. What was the character of that prop-
erty ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I am not
entirely familiar with the character of the
property that is kept in the sub-Treasury ; but
I know there was something like $9,000,000
is money.
Mr. LYNCH. What kind of money?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Partly
coin and partly notes.
Mr. LYNCH. My object in asking the
question is probably obvious to the gentleman.
The property of the Government there was
probably Government bonds and United States
Treasury notes, which were worth jnst what
the paper and printing cost, and nothing more.
If there was anything more it was probably in
coin that would not have been destroyed in a
safe of the Qovernment. The fact is that the
building which contained that Government
property was afire-proof building, not belong-
ing to the Government, but belonging to pri-
vate parties and leased by the Government.
The Government property in the building
was not of a kind that was destructible, even
if the building had been destroyed, for this
$18,000,000 was probably Government bonds
and notes, whose value to the Government was
simply the cost of paper and printing; nothing
more nor less. The balance was in coin, and
not destructible.
Mr. KERR. I desire to ask another ques-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hooper.] I want to know whether this
building occupied by the Government did
not stand as an effective breastwork between
the burning part of the city and the rest of the
city ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The
building was partially fire-proof, not entirely
so, and the fire was arrested in that building.
Mr. KERR. And the arresting of the tire
at this building protected the buildings beyond ?
So that this building really served the people
of Boston more than they served the Govern-
ment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman will allow me I will state that it was
the unfinished public building in Boston that
really stayed the progress of the fire. It was the
new post office and sub-Treasury building that
was in process of erection, made of iron and
stone, that breasted the fire and stayed its pro-
gress in that direction. This was a private
building, leased by the United States for a
post office and sub-Treasury, and which was
partially burned. So far from being fire-
proof, the dome actually caught fire and fell in,
and a portion of the mail matter in the upper
story was lost. The fire was arrested in that
very story. On the other side of State street
was a lot of buildings which we believe are as
nearly fire-proof as any buildings we have.
Mr. KERR. Does the gentleman say that
the fire was stayed in the building which be-
longed to private parties and was leased by the
Government?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes.
Mr. KERR. The effort of these firemen
was to save private property there ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachnsetts. The Gov-
ernment had its post office and sub-Treasury
in that building, and the building was of very
little consequence in comparison with its con-
tents. What the firemen fought to preserve
was the post office and sub-Treasary. If these
had not been there we would have blown that
building sky-high, and thereby saved private
property. But we could not do that, because
in doing so we would have blown up the sub-
Treasury and post office, and scattered to the
winds letters, drafife, &c., of business men all
over the country.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I think I must
call for the regular order. We do not know
the facts in this case 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] has been recog-
nized, and the debate has proceeded by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. We have reached
a point where we differ about the facts, and in
order to get at them we need a reference of
the bill.
Mr. HOAR. I would like to say a few
words on this subject.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Very well; I
withdraw my call for the regular order.
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, k seems to me
that there is no necessity for referring this
bilL The House knows three facts: first,
that there was a great fire in Boston ; second,
that lives of firemen were lost in the attempt
to stay that fire ; third, that the Government
of the United States was a large owner of
property exposed then and there to destruc-
tion. Now upon those three facta, without any
reference whatever to the question of salvage,
it seems to me Congress ought to pass this
bill simply upon this consideration : that the
Government as a property-holder owes the
same obligations that are due from private
citizens. When the United States Govern-
ment plants itself in one of our most populous
cities, takes possession for its own use of a
portion of territory belonging to citizens, is
dependent on their police to which it contri-
butes nothing, is dependent on their fire de-
partment to which it contributes nothing, is
dependent on the voluntary care of citizens
while it contributes nothing for the security
