1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812, and ordered to be
printed.
WIDOWS AND CHILDREN OS PENSIONERS. '
Mr. MAYNA.RD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3764) for the relief of the widows and
children and minor children of certain pen-
sioners ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee .on Revolu-
tionaryPensions and War of 1812, aud ordered
to be printed.
COLONEL GEORGE W. KIRK.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 3765) for the relief of Colonel
George W. Kirk; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, §md ordered to be printed.
MARY G. RHOADES.
Mr. BRIGHT introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3766) granting a pension to Mary G. Rhoades ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
TELEGRAPH OPERATIONS IN TEXAS.
Mr. HANCOCK introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3767) to authorize the Secretary of War
to construct and operate a telegraph line con-
necting the military posts and from post to post
on the frontier of Texas with the headquar-
ters at San Antonio; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and, with accompanying
papers, ordered to be printed.
JOHN r. KELSEY.
Mr. HANCOCK also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3768) for the relief of John P. Kelsey ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
MARY V. B. JOICE.
Mr. ORR introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3769)
granting a pension to Mary V. B. Joice; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and or-
dered to be printed.
DEBORAH A. SWAN.
Mr. ORR also introduced a bill (II. R. No.
3770) granting a pension to Deborah A. Swan ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
IOWA RIVER.
Mr. McCRARY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3771) to declare the Iowa river in the State of
Iowa to be not a navigaM© stream; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
DAVENPORT DOWNS.
Mr. McCRARY also introduced a bill (II,
R. No. 8772) granting a pension to Davenport
Downs; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
internal improvements.
Mr. COTTON presented the memorial of the
State of Iowa, relative to commerce by rail-
roads and the improvement of the Mississippi,
Wisconsin and Fox rivers ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed in the Globe.
The memorial is as follows:
Joint resolution relative to commerce by railroads.
Whereas the Constitution of the United Stales
vests m Congress the power to regulate commerce
among the States; and whereas the regulation of
freight charges made by railroad companies whose
lines extend trom one State to another State is prop-
erly included within such powers; and whereas
tlie exorbitant charges made by many of the rail-
road companies of the United States, and particu-
larly by those who have lines in the State of Iowa
have become grievously oppressive to the people:
Therefore,
Be it resolved by the General Asscmihi of the State
•jf Iowa, That our Senators in Congress be instructed,
and our Representatives be requested, to use their
influence in favor of and to vote for some bill which
will eorrect the existing abuse and grant the relief
so much needed, and also to procure liberal appro-
priation for improvement of the navigation of the
Mississippi, Wisconsin', and Fox rivers.
Resolved, That in thus memorializing Congress we
do not surrender the right of the General Assembly'
of this State to control freight and passenger tariffs
on railroads within its borders.
Approved, January 25,1873.-
I, Josiah T. Young, secretary of .State of the State
of Iowa, hereby certify that the foregoing is a true
and correct copy of a joint resolution passed at the
adjourned session of the fourteenth General Assem-
bly of the State of Iowa, and approved January
25,1873.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my
r -i hand and caused the great seal of the State
lL- S,J to be affixed.
Done jit Des Moines, this 27th day. of January,
A-I>-1873t JOSIAII T. YOUNG,
Secretary of State,
frederick t. peet.
Mr. COGHLAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3773) to authorize the President to appoint
Frederick T. Peet a first lieutenant m the
Marine corps ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
JPETKR J. CRATZER.
Mr. DUNNELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3774) granting a pension to Peter J.
Cratzer; which was read a first and .second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
SIOUX INDIANS.
Mr. AVERILL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3775) to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to discharge certain obligations of the
United States to the creditors of the upper
and lower bands of Sioux Indians; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
prosecution op claims.
Mi\ TAFFE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3776) to authorize the prosecution of certain
claims in the district courts of the JJnited
States; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
army retired list.
Mr. GARFIBLDE, of Washington Territory,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3777) to adjust
the rank and pay of officers on the retired list
of the Army; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed,
Sinking oi? coal shafts.
Mr. ARMSTRONG introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 8778) to provide for sinking coal shafts
and artesian wells in the Territories; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed,
dakota land district.
Mr. ARMSTRONG also presented the me-
morial of the Legislative Assembly ofDakota
Territory, asking that an additional land office
be created in the northern district of Dakota
Territory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
r order of business.
The SPEAKER. The States and Terri-
tories having been called through for bills on
leave and joint resolutions, they will now be
called for resolutions; and the call rests with
the State of New York.
GOAT ISLAND.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS submitted the follow-
ing resolution ; on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
lleiolved, That in the opinion of the House of
Representatives it is not wise or expedient, nor for
the benefit of the public interest, that any partof
Goat island should be ceded for railroad purposes.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
Mr. H'QLMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
Th^ yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. C.OGHLAN. I rise to a point of order,
that the gentleiban frdm New York has ex-
hausted his privilege under" this call last
Monday. - • .
The SPEAKER. That would have been a
good point of order if taken in tirb.e, but the
House has entertained a motion in reference
to this resolution, the pending question being
on the isotion to lay upon the table, on which
the yeas and nays have'been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 77, nays 101, not voting
62, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Averill, Barber, Barry, Austin
Blair. Buckley, Bunnell, Burdett, Roderick It. But-
ler, Caldwell, Coghlan, Conger, Darrall, Dickey,
Duell, Dunnell, JEames, Farnsworth. Charles Foster,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garrett. Harmer, Harper,
George E. Harris, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John
W. Hazelton, Hill, Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Lynch,
Maynard, McGrew, McHenry, McJunkin, McKee,
Merriam, Mitchell, Morey, Morphis, Negley, Orr,
Palmer, Peck, Perce, Peters, Poland, Rainey, Ellis
H. Roberts, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Rusk,
Sargent, Sawyer, Sessions, Sheldon, Shoemaker,
Sloss, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stoughton, Stowell, Sutherland, Taffe,
Washington Townsend, Turner, Twichell, Upson,
Voorhees, Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace, Warren,
Wheeler, and Williams of Indiana—77.
- NAYS—Messrs.. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Banks, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck,
Bell, Bingham, Bird, James G.Blair, Boles, Brax-
ton, Bright, Buffinton, Burohard, Coburn, Comingo,
Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Donnan,
Dox, DuBose, Duke, Esty, Finkelnburg, Henry D.
Foster, Garfield, Giddings, Golladay, Griffith, Hal-
deman, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, John T. Harris,
Havens Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Hereford, Hern-
don, Hibbard, Hoar, Holman, Kclley, Kendall, Kerr,
King, Lamison, Lewis, Maclntyre, Manson, Mar-
shall, McClelland, McCormick, McCrary, McKin-
ney, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroe, Mor-
gan, Silas L. Niblack, Packer, Ilosea W. Parker,
Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton, Perry, Porter, Price,
Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Riee,
ltitchio, William It. Roberts, Robinson, Shanks,
Sheliabarger, Sherwood, Slater, Slocum, Snyder,
Speer. Sprague, Stevenson, Storm, Terry, Tuthill,
Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddeil, Walden, Wells,
Willard, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Winchester, and
Young—101.
NOT VOTING—Mossrs. Ambler, Ames, Barnaul,
Bigby, joiggs, Boarman. Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler,
Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Cobb, Conner, Creely,
Crocker, Davis, Dawes, Dodds, Eldredge, Elliott,
ft y' f arwell, Forker, Getz, Goodrich, Hale, lialsey,
Hambleton, John B. Ijavvlcy, Hooper, Houghton,
Xvellogg, Ketcham, Killinger, Kinsella, Lowe, Mc-
Neely, Moore, Leonard Myers, William E. Niblack.
Packard, Piatt, Potter, Prindie, Roosevelt, Sco-
field, Seeley, bhober, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp,
Stevens, St. John, Swarin, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight
lownsend, Tyner, Whiteley, Whitthorne, Williams
of New York, John T. Wilson, and Wood—62.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs:
Will the Ho.use order the previous question on
the resolution ?
Mr. SARGENT. On that question I de-
mand tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair appoints as
tellers the gentleman from California [Mr.
Saugext] and the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. W. R. Roberts.]
Mr. SARGENT. 1 decline to act as teller.
The SPEAKER. The Chair appoints as
teller the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Coghlan.]
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 82, noes 67.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was next on ordering the main
question.
Mr. SARGENT. On that question I ask
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 80, not voting
65; as follows:
YEAS-Messrs Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur
Banks. Beatty, Erasmus W. Reek, James B. Bock
Bell. Bingham, Bird, James U. Blair, Boles Bm-
ton. Bright, Buffiuton, Comingo, Cotton Cox
Creb3, Critcncr^ Crossland, Darrall, Donnan Dox'
DuBose, Duke, Eames, linkdnburg, Wilder D Fos-
ter, Gajtield, biddings, Golladuy, Griffith, llaluc-
mnn, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, John T Ilanis
