1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1055
Havens, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Hereford, Hero-
don, Hibbard, Holman, Kelley, Kendall, Kerr,
Killinger, King, Lamison, Lewis, Maclntyre, Man-
son. Marshall, McClelland, McCoraick, McCrary,
MeKinney, McNeely,Merrick,Benjamin J\ Meyers,
Monroe, Morgan, Silas L. Niblack, Hosea tW.
Parker, Pendleton, Perry, Porter,,Potter.Price.
Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie, William
R  Roberts, Robinson, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Siater, Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Storm, Swann,
Terry, Tyner, "Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddell,
Walden, Willard, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Winchester,
and. Young—95.
HAYS—Messrs. Averill, Barber, Barry, Austin
Blair, Buckley, Bunnell, Burchard, Roderick R.
Dutler, Caldwell, Coburn.Coghlan, Conger, Dawes,
Dickey, Duell, Dunnell, Esty, Farnsworth, Charles
Foster, Erye, Garrett, Hale, Harmer, Harper, George
E. Harris, John B. Hawley, Hays, John W. Hazelton,
Lamport, Lansing, Lynch. Maynard, Mc&rew, Mc-
Junkin, McKec.Merriam, Mitchell, Morey, Morphis,
Ncgley.Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Peck, Perce,
Peters, Poland, Rainey. Ellis H. Roberts, John
Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Ses-
sions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shoemaker, H. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder, Starkweather,
Stoughton, Stowell, Sutherland, Taffe, Washington
Townsend, Turner, Twichell, TJpson, Voorhees,
Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace, Warren, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, and John T. Wil-
son—80. ■ ,,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Barnum,
Biirby, Biggs, Boarman, Brooks, Burdett, Benjamin
F. Butler, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Cobb, Conner,
Oreely, Crocker, Davis, Bodds. Eldredge,Elliott, Ely,
I'arwell, Porker. Henry D. Foster, Getz, Goodrich,
Halsey, Hambleton, Gerry W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar,
tlooper, Houghton, Kellogg, Ketcham, Kinsella,
Leach, Lowe, Mcfienry, Moore, Leonard Myers,
William E. Niblack, Isaac C. Parker. Piatt. Prin-
dle, Jo.hn M. Rice, Roosevelt, Scofield, Seeley,
Shober.Slocum, Sloss.Worthington C. Smith, Siiapp,
Stevenson, St. John, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight Town-
send, Tuthill. Wells, Whitthome, Williams of New
York, and Wood—65
So the, main question was ordered.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution.
Mr. COGHLAN. The morning hour hav-
ing expired, I move to suspend the rules and
pass the resolution which I send to the desk.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion, as the House is now acting on
the resolution of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. W. R. Roberts,] under the pressure of
the previous question.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a question of
order. I call the attention of the Chair to the
fact that there are lobbyists on this floor, abus-
ing the privileges of this House; aud I ask
that the rules be enforced.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman name
the individuals to whom he refers ?
Mr. SARGENT. I name D. C. McRuer, of
San "Francisco.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman named is
an ex-member of Congress, and has a right to
the floor.
Mr. SARGENT. An ex-member of Con-
gress has a right to the floor only under the
pledge that he will not use the privileges of the
floor to lobby for or against any measure before
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot pre-
sume that an ex-member of Congress is illegit-
imately on the floor.
Mr. BANKS. I suggest that, if a point of
order of this kind is raised, before an ex-mem-
ber of Congress is condemned, and the rights
extended to him under the rules deliberately
withdrawn, the facts must be examined and
reported on.
Mr. COX. I ask the Chair to have the rule
read. The exception has reference only to
ex-members interested in claims. The com-
mittee recommended an enlargement of the
exception; but the House would not agree to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
reading of the rule, and will then more specially
call the attention of the House to what has
been referred to by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cox,] himself a member of the
Committee on the Rules. The Clerk will read
the rule which relates to the privileges of the
floor.
The Clerk read as follows:
Floor, privilege of admi* :'ton on. '."No person,
except members of the Senate, their Secretary,
heads of Departments, the Presidents Private
Secretary, foreign ministers, tlio flovenior tor too
time being of any State, Senators and Representa-
tives elect, judges of the Supreme Court of the
United States and of the Court of Claims, and such
persons as have by name received the thanks of
Congress, shall be admitted within the Hall of the
House of Representatives, or any of the rooms upon
the same floor or opening into the same: Provided,
That ex-members of Congress who are not interested
in any claim pending before Congress, and shall so
register themselves, may also be admitted within
the Hall of the House; and no person exeapt those
herein specified shall at any time be admitted to the
floor of the House.
"The Doorkeeper shall execute strictly the fore-
going rule.
The SPEAKER. A year ago, at the last
session of Congress, the Committee on the
Rules proposed a new rule somewhat extend-
ing the provisions of this rule. The House
will observe that this rule simply provides that
no ex-member who has an interest in any
claim pending before Congress shall be ad-
mitted. A point was made by the Committee
on the Rules that the word "claim" was too
narrow and restricted, and the committee
reported an amendment to the rule; but the
House, by a majority which was entirely over-
whelming, negatived the recommendation of
the committee, so that the point of order made
by the gentleman from California is not good.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I make* the point
of order that this gentleman has not registered
his name under the rule which has been read.
Mr. BANKS. This is no claim at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the Doorkeeper does not remember that
Mr. McRuer has registered his name at all.
Mr. SARGENT. He is not entitled to the
privileges of the floor unless he has registered
bis name.
The SPEAKER. That may be; but the
point of order made in relation to this bill is
not good.
Mr. SARGENT. I made the point of
order only because members are embarrassed
by persons coming in here to lobby.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The question was put upon the resolution
offered by Mr. W. R. Roberts ; and it was
agreed to.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. Before proceeding with
the business pending last Monday, the Chair
will receive bills for reference from gentlemen
who were not in during the regular call of the
States.
RAILROAD COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3779) to estab-
lish a board of commissioners of railways to
take testimony as to landgrant and subsidy rail-
roads; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the select committee, of which Mr.
Wilson, of Indiana, is chairman, and ordered
to be printed.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. BOLES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial from the board of trustees
of the Arkansas Industrial University, asking
the passage of the bill (S. No. (593) to provide
for the further endowment of separate colleges
for the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic
arts; which was referred to the Committee on
Education and Labor, and ordered to be
printed. ^
He also, by unanimous consent, presented
the memorial of the Legislature of the State
of Arkansas, asking the passage of the same
bill; which was referred to the Committee on
Education and Labor, and ordered to be
printed.
ORANGE, ETC., RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. 11. No. 3i80) to
enable-the Orange, Alexandria, and Manassas
Railroad Company to put down and operate a
temporary railroad track through certain streets
in the city of Washington; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
EQUALIZATION OF BOUNTY.
Mr. ACKER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 8781) to equalize
bounties _ to soldiers who served in the late
war; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
BUREAU OF EDUCATION.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. S782)
to change the uame of the Bureau of Educa-
tion; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Education and
Labor, and ordered to be printed.
CAPTAIN C. M'CLURE.
Mr. HALDEMAN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3783) for the
relief of Captain C. McClure ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, with the accom-
panying papers, and ordered to be printed.
COOLIE LABOR.
Mr. McCLELLAND, by unanimous con-
sent, presented a memorial from citizens of
Beaver county, Pennsylvania, against the intro-
duction of coolie labor; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
WILLIAM R. GLOVER, AND OTHERS.
Mr. SESSIONS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3784) to restore
the actions of William R. Glover and others
vs. The United States for trial in the Court of
Claims; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
COMMERCE OP THE SCHUYLKILL.
Mr. HARMER, byunanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3785) to regulate the
commerce of the river Schuylkill; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. STOUGHTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 378G) to legalize
a department of ordnance and the science of
gunnery at the United States Military Academy;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
ORDNANCE STORES FOR STATES.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3787) for
the relief of certain States and Territories on
account of ordnance stores received during
the war of the rebellion ; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
IMPROVEMENT OF LOWER MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. AVERILL, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a resolution of the Chamber of Com-
merce of St. Paul, Minnesota, relative to im-
proving the Lower Mississippi river; which was
referred to the select Committee on_ the Mis-
sissippi Levees, and ordered to be printed.
taxes on domestic products.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No.«4W-) pro-
viding for the repayment of taxes "collected
upon articles of domestic production ; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee ot
Ways and Means.
