1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
The previous question was seconded and the |
main question ordered, which was on ordering !
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time. |
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GA11F1FLD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
compensation of representatives-elect.
Mr. HALE. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to move so to sus-
pend the rules that the following paragraph
shall be in order as  n amendment to the
executive, legislative, and judicial appropria-
tion bill when the same shall be considered
in Committee of the Whole.
The Clerk read as follows:
That hereafter Representatives and Delegates-
elect to Congress whose credentials have been duly
filed with the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives in accordance with the provisions of the act
of Congress approved March 3. 1S63, may receive
their compensation monthly at the rate of 8416 66!
per month from the beginning of their term until
the beginning of the first session of each Congress,
upon a certificate in the form now in use, to be
signed by the Clerk of the House, which certificate
shall have the like force and effect as is given to the
certificate of the Speaker under existing laws: Pro-
vided, This act shall not apply to any Representa-
tive or Delegate who may be known to the Clerk to
be under political disabilities.
Themlea were suspended, (two thirds having
voted in favor thereof,) and the paragraph was
made in order.
monument at annapolis natal academy. i'
Mr. SWANN moved that the rules be sus- I
pended to enable him to introduce, and the
House to pass, a bill to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Navy to transport in a Government
vessel, free of duty, a monument designed by
Admiral Porter to be erected in the grounds
of the Naval Academy at Annapolis in mem-
ory of the officers, seamen, and marines of the
Navy who fell in defense of the Union.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to admit free of
duty the monument designed by Admiral Por-
ter, and now being executed in Rome by
Franklin Simmons, the American sculptor, to
the memory of the officers, seamen, and
marines of the Navy who fell in defense of
the Union. It further authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Navy to have the said monument
conveyed to the United States in a public ves-
sel, and landed at Annapolis, Maryland, where
it is to be erected in the Naval Academy
grounds.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof,) and the bill (H. R. No. 3123)
was passed.
obstructions off sandy hook.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported a bill
(H. II. No. 3124) to provide for the removal
of the sunken wreck which now obstructs the
channel way off Sandy Hook; which was read j
a first and second time. i
The question was upon ordering the bill to j
be engrossed and read a third time. The bill
was read. It proposes to appropriate $15,000,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary j
of Wffk-, for the purpose of removing the sunken
wreck which now obstructs the channel way j
off Sandy Hook, New York. j
Mr. LYNCH. I yield for a moment to m
colleague on the committee, [Mr. Conger,
who desires to offer an amendment to the bill.
Mr. CONGER. I offer the following as a
proviso to the bill:
Provided, That the owners, charterers, or insurers
of such vessel, who may be liable for such obstruc-
tion, shall first be notified to remove the obstruction,
icd in ease it shall not be immediately removed.
It shall then be removed by the Secretary of War
■nder the provisions of this bill, and the amount so
expended shall be repaid to the United States by the
persons so liable, or if not repaid on demand, shall
be recovered iu a proper action to be brought there-
for.
Mr. POTTER. Does the gentleman from
Michigan suppose that there is any liability on
auybody's part to remove the wreck?
Mr. LYNCH. I do not, myself think the
amendment necessary or that it will amount to
anything, but it can do no harm, aud there-
fore I admit it.
The ameudment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
samuel hitchcock.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is a bill upon
the Speaker's table (H. R. No. 1779) for the
relief of Samuel Hitchcock which has been
returned from the Senate with a slight amend-
ment. The bill as it passed the House
directed the Secretary of War to pay the
claimant certain money. The Senate have
amended it so as to provide that the payment
shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury,
which is correct. I ask that the bill be taken
up and the amendment of the Senate con-
curred in.
There was no objection, and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table and read. It
directs the Secretary of War to cause to be
paid to Samuel Hitchcock, of Illinois, who was
commissioned and served as a second lieuten-
ant in company B, thirty-sixth regiment of
Illinois volunteers, the pay and allowances of
a second lieutenant for such time as he actu-
ally served as a lieutenant or was a prisoner
in the hands of the enemy after having so
served, deducting therefrom whatever pay he
received as a sergeant for the same period.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out the word " War" and insert in lieu thereof
the words " the Treasury."
The amendment was concurred in.
lucius q. c. lamar.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask leave to report back
from the Judiciary Committee the petition of
Lucius Q. C. Lamar, asking the removal of
his .disabilities under the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
with a bill for his relief which I send to the
Clerk's desk and ask to have read.
The bill was read. It provides that all dis-
abilities imposed by reason of the third section
of the fourteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States upon Lucius Q.
C. Lamar, of the county of La Fayette in
the State of Mississippi, by reason of his
participation in the rebellion, be removed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say that the
committee are unanimous in reporting this
bill, and I ask that the petition of the petitioner
be read.
The Clerk read the petition, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representative* :
Your memorialist, a citizen of the State of Missis-
sippi, having been a memberof the House of Repre-
sentatives in the Thirty-Sixth Congress, belongs to
the class of persons excluded from tho benefit of the
act of Congress of 1872, removing politioal disabili-
ties imposed by the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States. He appears
before your honorable bodies, a respectful peti-
tioner, praying the passage of an act to remove from
him the disabilities imposed upon him by the afore-
said amendment. Your memorialist would not sue
for such special legislation in his favor if he were
not, after due self-examination, conscious of his
fidelity to the interests and happiness of the people
of the United States and to the Constitution and
laws thereof. And your memorialist will ever
Pray. LUCIUS Q. C. LAMAR.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to add that the
petition which has been read is accompanied
by one signed by the Governor of the State,
by the United States district judge, by the
United States district attorneys of both the
northern and southern districts of Mississippi,
by the United States marshal of the northern
district, where Mr. Lamar lives, by several
United States assistant assessors and collect-
ors, by several circuit judges aud chancellors,
all leading Republicans in the State; and, in a
word, by most of the United States officials in
the State.
I also have before me a letter from the chief
justice of the State, one from his associate,
Judge Simrall, one from Judge Fisher, and
one from Chancellor Hooker, (received since
our report was made,) each asking that these
disabilities be removed. These gentlemen are
all Republicans and undeviating supporters
of the Administration in its policy of recon-
struction of the States lately in rebellion. The
Committee on the Judiciary were unanimously
in favor of this bill. I now move that the
rules be suspended and this hill passed.
Mr. PERCE. Will the gentleman yield ■
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot yield.
Mr. PERCE. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] wanta to gag this House and
crowd through a bill removing disabilities from
one of a class, I hope the House will not agree
to it.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the gentleman want
to move an amendment to the bill?
Mr. PERCE. I do.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot yield now for
any amendment. Is the gentleman's amend-
ment "n the nature of a general amnesty?
Mr. PERCE. It is. I know of no reason
why any gentleman of a certain class should
have his disabilities removed, unless there
was something which occurred at the time the
disabilities were incurred to render such a
removal advisable.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
The question was then taken; and upon a
division there were—ayes 111, noes 13.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill (H. R. No.
3125) was passed.
general amnesty.
Mr. ACKER. I move that the rules be so
suspended as to allow me to introduce and the
House to pass a bill to remove all political
disabilities and to grant general amnesty.
The bill, which was read, provides (two thirds
of each House concurring) that from and after
the passage of this act all disabilities imposed
by the third section of the fourteenth article
of amendments to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States shall be removed, and that a general
amnesty shall be granted to all persons for
political offenses incurred in the late war;
provided all such persons shall support the
Constitution of the United States.
The question was upon suspending the rules
and passing the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let it be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ACKER and Mr. PERCE called for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest that if
the civil rights bill was attached to this bill it
would pass.
Mr. PERCE. Never mind the civil rights
bill now; let us pass this first.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 101, naya 86, not voting 54; as
follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Banks, Barry, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck,
Bell, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, James G. Blair,
Boarman, Boles, Braxton, Bright, Burdett, Cogh-
lan, Comingo.Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Davis,
Dox, DuBose, Duke, Farnsworth.Farwell, Finkeln-
bnrg, Henry D. Foster, Garfield, Giddings, Good-
rich, Griffith, Haldeman, Hancock, Handley, Hanks,
Harper, George E, Harris, John X. Harris, Hay,
Hereford, Herndon. Hibbard, Holman, Kellogg,
Kerr, King, Lamison, Manson, Marshall, McClel-
land, MoHenry.McKee, McKinney, Merrick, Benja-
min F. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Morey, Morgan,
Morphis, Niblack, Hosea W. Parker, Perce, Perry,
Peters, Piatt, Potter. Price, Read, Ritchie,Robinson,
John Rogers, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shober, Speer,
Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Stowell, Swann, Sypher,
Terry, Thomas, Tuthill, Van Trump, Yaughan, Wad-
dell, Wakeinan, Warren, Wells. Whiteley, Whit-
thorne, Winchester, Wood, and Young—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Aines, Barber, Bcatty,
Beveridge, Bingham, Buffinton, Burchard, Benja-
min F. Butler, Roderick It. Butler, Clarke, Cobb,
