92
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 9,
CVburn, Conger, Cotton, Crocker, Dawes, Dickey,
l>imuan,l)uell, Bunnell. Karnes, Ecty, Cliarles Fos-
ter, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Hale. Harmer. Haven?,
John li. Hawley, Joseph H. Hawley, (terry W.
Hazelton, Hill, Hoar, Houghton, Kelley, lvetcham,
Lamport. L.in.-ing, Lowe, Lynch, Jlaynard, Mc-
Crar.v, McGrew, McJnnkin, Merriam, Monroe,
Leonard Myers, Neeley, Orr, Pajkard, Packer,
l'alnier, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Poland,
Porter, Kllis II. Roberts, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer,
Seofield, Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarser, Shoemaker,
H.Doardinan Smith, John A. Smith, Snapp, Sprague,
Starkweather, Stoughton. Washington Townsend,
Turner, Twiehell, Tyoer. Upson, \Vallien, Waldron,
Wallace, Wall?, Wheeler, Willard. Williams of
Indiaua, and Jeremish M. Wilson—86.
NOT VOTINU—Mossr*. Averill. liarnum, Bigby,
Brooks, Buckley, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Con-
ner, Creely, Darrall, I)e Large, Dodds, Eldredge,
KUiott, lily. Forker, Oarrett, Geti. Golladay, Halsey,
liambleton. Hays, Jolin W. Hanelton. Hooper, Ken-
dall, Killinger, Iiinsella, Leach, Lewis, McCormick,
SIcIntyre. McNeely, Prindle, Rainey. Randall,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice,William R. Roberts,
Sion H. Rofers, Roosevelt. Seeley, Slater. Slooum,
Sloss, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, St. John,
Sutherland, Taffe, Dwight Townsend, Voorhees,
Williams of New York, and John T. Wilson—54.
So (two-thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. MORGAN said : I desire to state that
Mr. Campbell, my colleague, is still detained
at home by sickness. If here he wool*} vote
in the affirmative.
bridges across mobile river, etc.
Mr SHELDON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to report back and
ask the passage of the bill (S. No. 819) author-
izing the construction of railroad bridges across
the Mobile river and other navigable streams
tributary to Mobile bay, in accordance with
the acts of the Legislature of the State of
Alabama, and to establish them as post roads.
The bill was read. It gives the consent of
Congress to the Mobile and Montgomery Bail-
road Company to erect one or more draw-
bridges over the Mobile river and other
navigable streams tributary to Mobile bay, in
accordance with the acts of the Legislature of
Alabama incorporating the company. The
draw-bridges are to be so constructed as not
to interfere with or materially or substantially
obstruct the free navigation of said streams
beyond what is necessary in order to carry
into effect the rights and privileges granted ;
and in case of any litigation arising from any
obstruction, or alleged obstruction, to the free
navigation of the river, the cause may be tried
before the district court of the United States
of the State of Alabama in which any portion
of the obstruction or bridge touches. The
draw bridges are to be opened promptly, upon
reasonable signal, for the passage of boats,
and in no case shall unnecessary delay occur
in opening the draw during or after the pas-
sage of trains.
The second section provides that any bridge
constructed under this act and according to its
limitations shall be a lawful strncture, and
shall be known and recognized as a post route,
upon which, also, no higher charge shall" be
made for the transmission over the same of
the mails, the troops, and the munitions of
war of the United States than the rate per
mile paid for their transportation over the
railroads or public highways leading to such
bridge.
The third section enacts that all railway
companies desiring to use these bridges shall
be entitled to equal rights and privileges in
the passage of the same, and in the use of the
machinery and fixtures thereof, and of all the
approaches thereto, upon snch terms and con-
ditions as shall be prescribed by the Secre-
tary of War, upon hearing the allegations and
proofs of the parties in case they shall not
agree.
The fourth section reserves the right to
alter or amend this act so as to prevent or
remove all material obstructions to the nav-
igation of the river by the construction of
bridges. Any bridge or bridges constructed
under this act are to be built under and sub-
ject to such regulations for the security of
the navigation of the river as the Secretary
of War shall prescribe ; and are to be at all
times so kept and managed as to offer reason-
able and proper means for the passage of
vessels through and under them ; and shall
be changed at the cost and expense of the
owners thereof, from time to time, as Con-
gress may direct, so as to preserve the free
and convenient navigation of the river ; and
the authority to erect and continue the bridges
is subject to revocation by law whenever the
public good shall, in the judgment of Congress,
so require.
Mr. SAWYER. I move the reference of
this bill to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHELDON. I have reported the bill
from that committee, having been authorized
to do so at the last session.
Mr. SIIELLABAIIGER. I have been un-
able to learn from the reading of the bill at the
desk whether it is confined to bridges con-
structed in Alabama or on the river named.
Mr. SHELDON. It is confined to bridges
on the Mobile river and its tributaries, several
of which are crossed by this railroad.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I understand
from my colleague on the committee that this
bill was favorably acted on by the Committee
on Commerce when I was not present. I will
simply say that I doubt the wisdom of some of
its provisions and that I have not been able
fully to comprehend it from the reading.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. SHELDON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Pending the motion to
adjourn, the Chair will recognize several gentle-
men who wish to introduce bills for reference.
piers at chester, pennsylvania.
Mr. TO.WNSEND, of Pennsylvania, by
unanimoas cdtiaent, introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 167) requiring the Secretary
of War to cause to be made a survey of the
condition of the piers, and bridges connecting
the same, at Chester, Pennsylvania; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
centennial celebration.
The SPEAKER announced the appoint-
ment of the following named members as the
select Committee on the Centennial Celebra-
tion : Mr. Kellet, Mr. Dawes, Mr. Maynard,
Mr. Sargent, Mr. Hawley of Connecticut,
Mr. Havens, Mr. Cox, Mr. Marshall, and Mr.
Hancock.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment bills
of the following titles :
An act (H. R. No. 301) to authorize the
proper accounting officers to settle with P. M.
Cardiero; and
An act (H. R. No. 2568) for the relief of
John Black, late consul of the United States
at the city of Mexico.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill of the following title, in
which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 87) for the relief of Carlton
A. Uber.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses npon the bill (H. R. No.
827) to authorize the construction of bridges
across the Ohio river and to prescribe the
dimensions of the same.
Mr. DICKEY. I insist on my motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at three o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
! petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMBLER : The petition of Joseph
j Herron, for an increase of pension.
By Mr. BEVERIDGE: The petition of
J Peter D. Posey, for pay for property taken
and destroyed by the Army of the United
States in 1862 and 1863.
I By Mr. BOLES: The petition of Euos
> Lytle, late of company H, twelfth Indiana
I volunteers, for arrears of pension.
| Also, the memorial of A. S. Lindsey, of
Chicago, Illinois, for himself and others, ask-
j ing relief for French spoliations suffered by
I their ancestor, Thomas Sanford, deceased,
j By Mr. CROSSLAND: The petition of
Leroy Sutton.
By Mr. DODDS: The petition of James M.
Seeds, praying relief on account of disabil-
ity incurred in the service of the United
States.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of Henry
Thurlow, E. R. Gregory, William T. Weeks,
and 157 others, citizens of Skaneateles, Onon-
daga county, New York, praying Congress to
reinstate the duty on teasels imported into
this country.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio: The petition of
Charles L. Hulburd, asking compensation for
service as a scout.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of Daniel
Hustus, company I, sixteenth regiment heavy
artillery Maine volunteers, for consent of
Congress to authorize the Paymaster General
to audit his account and pay what may be
found due him.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia: The peti-
tion of Robert J. Edeler, of Virginia, pray-
ing compensation for labor and materials fur-
nished the United States.
Also, the petition of the trustees of the
Mount Crawford, Virginia, Methodist Episcopal
Church, praying compensation for the use
of their church by the military authorities of
the United States.
Also, thevetition of Robert L. Parrish and
others, of Virginia, praying relief for French
spoliations.
By Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut: The
petition of Smith G. Gilbert, of Saybrook, Con-
necticut, praying a pension on account of
the loss of an arm incurred in obeying orders
while employed by the ordnance department.
By Mr. KETCH AM: The petition of Mrs.
Elizabeth Coon, of Hudson, New York, for a
pension.
By Mr. LAMPORT: The petition of de-
scendants of John B. Murray, deceased, in
relation to French spoliations.
By Mr. LANSING: The petition of H. W.
Carpenter and others, for increase of compen-
sation of boards of examining surgeons on
pension claims.
By Mr. LYNCH: The memorial of Captain
George H. Preble, of the United States Army,
asking to be restored to the rank and position
to which he is entitled by his war servica*.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of W. L.
Meacham, of Memphis^ Tennessee, praying
Congress to reimburse him for loss of property
sustained during the war of the rebellion.
By Mr. MOORE: A petition for the relief
of W. H. Carman, late a soldier of company
E, thirty-second regiment Illinois volunteer
infantry.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The memorial of Eliza
A. Phipps, daughter and heir, and for the co-
heirs of James Phipps, deceased, of Baltimore,
claiming indemnity for French spoliations prior
to 1800.
