1056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
BUST OF CHIEF JUSTICE TANEY.
Mr. McNEELY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3788) providing
for'the making of a bust of Roger B. Taney,
deceased, late Chief Justice of the Supreme
Conrt of the United States, for the room of
said court; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
IMPROVEMENT OF OUACHITA RIVER.
Mr. SNYDER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial of citizens of South Ark-
ansas, in favor of the improvement of the
Ouachita river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
AMERICAN AND BRITISH CLAIMS COMMISSION.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to have taken from the Speaker's
table, for consideration at this time, the amend-
ments of the Senate to House bill No. 3G17,
making an appropriation to defray the ex-
penses of the American and British claims
commission.
No objection was made; and the amend-
ments were taken up and read.
The first amendment was to add to the bill
tbe following:
Sec. 2. For payment of contractors for stone work,
and other employed on the post office and court-
house in New York city, 8500.000.
The second amendment was to add to the
title the words "and for other purposes."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Committee
on Appropriations recommend concurrence in
the amendments of the Senate. It is to carry
on the work and makes no change in the plans
or contracts.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ments of the Senate were agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendments were
agreed to; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REFUNDING COTTON TAX.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to ask leave to re-
port adversely upon sundry bills and memo-
rials which have been referred to that com-
mittee, providing for the repayment of the
cotton tax, and to ask that the subject may be
set down for consideration on an early day. I
would like to conform to the business of the
House, and therefore I will indicate Wednes-
day of this week, immediately after the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. SARGENT. How long is the debate
to continue?
' Mr. DAWES. Well, the House can determ-
ine that.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would suggest that
some evening, perhaps more than one, be sot
apart for the discussion of this matter.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That would be
better.
Mr. DAWES. There are four of these
bills ; upon three of them the committee are
unanimous in tfieir adverse report. Upon the
fourth of these bills there is a difference of
opinion in the committee. Representing the
majority of the committee, however, I report
adversely upon that bill also.
The House can see at once that this is a sub-
ject of great importance. These bills cover a
large sum of money, and they embrace ques-
tions of great importance. No matter how
they may be settled by the House, it is due to
the importance of this subject that it shall have
a fair opportunity of consideration, and as
much time as the other business of the House
will permit. I do not think that a single even-
ing is sufficient time for the consideration of
the grave subject embraced in these bills. I
am aware of the pressure of business. I think,
however, that the Committee of Ways and
Means are not unreasonable if they ask a sin-
gle day, and one as early as possible, in view
of the other business of the House, for the
consideration of this subject, whether Wednes-
day of this week, as I first suggested, or some
day next week. My colleague [Mr. Banks]
has assigned to asubject of which he has charge
Thursday of this week, and Friday and Satur-
day _ are private bill days. I desire that the
great Questions involved in these bills shall not
be thrust aside, but that whatever conclusion
the House may come to upon the subject shall
be such a conclusion as will have weight with
the country and tend to settle the questions
raised by these bills.
Mr. SARGENT. Say Friday and Saturday
of this week.
Mr. DAWES. That will be entirely satis-
factory, if that time is not required for private
bills.
Mr. SARGENT. We have gone through
the Private Calendar.
Mr. DAWES. Then I will say Friday and
Saturday of this week.
Mr. HALE. Can the Committee of Ways
and Means report at this time without unan-
imous consent?
The SPEAKER. They cannot.
Mr. HALE. Then I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand that this was a proceeding upon the
right of the committee.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. It is too late now
to object.
The SPEAKER. The object of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] who
'makes the adverse reports on these bills, is to
have a day assigned for their special consider-
ation. That cannot be done except under a
suspension of the rules, and of course no point
of order can lie against that.
Mr. HALE. 1 propose to object to the
committee reporting; I have had no oppor-
tunity to do so because the titles of the bills
have not yet been read at the desk.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
object to a suspension of the rules; and the
committee contemplate no other action than
that.
Mr. HALE. But I certainly can bring the
gentleman to a motion to suspend the rules by
an objection to their reporting on this subject-
matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will bring the
gentleman to that motion.
Mr. DAWES. I trust my friend from Maine
[Mr. Hale] will see the propriety of what the
committee ask in this matter.
Mr. HALE. I do not see any necessity/or
taking up the time of the House with this
matter ; and I object.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
consider that there are questions on which
other people take a very different view from
himself. To them this matter seems of a good
deal of importance. While I may agree entirely
with the gentleman, I observe that other people
think their judgment just as valuable as mine.
I say this without reflecting upon the gentle-
man from Maine, because I-think his judgment
and mine agree upon this matter. But I desire
that persons interested in this measure should
be treated as becomes the gravity of the sub-
ject on which they ask to be heard. I there-
fore move to so suspend the rules that the
Committee of Ways and Means 
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Before the gen-
tleman makes his motion I wish to ask the
Chair whether this is not a bill of such a char-
acter that the Committee of Ways and Means
have the right to reportit back at any time under
the privilege accorded them by the rules?
The SPEAKER. On what ground? If it
were a bill for the raising of taxes, the Chair
would so regard it. But it is not of thatcbar-
acter. It partakes more of the nature of a
claim for the refunding of taxes; indeed it is
that specifically. The Committee of Ways and
Means have the right at any time to report a
tax bill; the Committee on Appropriations
have the right to report at any time a regular
appropriation bill ; and there the privilege of
each committee ceases. It is true that by both
committees a great deal is done by general
consent that transcends these limits ; but the
strict rule is as the Chair states.
Mr. MAYNARD. Isnotthisa revenue bill,
as much so as a bill to impose tax upon cot-
ton ? Does this not come within the category
of what are called revenue bills ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair can hardly so
regard it. The gentleman from Tennesse [Mr.
Maynard] is aware that a very common form
of bill in this House—such a bill as often goes
to the Committee of Claims—is for refunding
taxes claimed to have been illegally or inequi-
tably assessed. The Chair cannot see any
great distinction between this bill and a bill of
that class. The measure now in question pro-
poses to refund a tax assessed in accordance
with law. That law has never been adjudged
to be unconstitutional. The proposition is
simply'for the refunding of a tax. The Chair
cannot regard it as in the nature of a tax bill
at all, in so far as concerns the privilege of
reporting.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is like any other
bill to refund to a man what he claims has
been illegally taken.
The SPEAKER. It has just the same priv-
ilege precisely as such a bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ex-
press to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] the hope that he will accept two
evenings instead of two days. We shall be
compelled before long to hold evening sessions,
and to transact at such sessions as important
business as any we have before us. Now, it
does seem to me it would not be unjust to take
evenings for this measure, either this week or
whenever gentlemen may please. But I am
not willing this proposition should occupy a
solid day which ought to be given to the pub-
lic business. The committee, it should be
observed, make an adverse report; the mat-
ter stands in a very different position from a
bill reported favorably.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a point of
order.
TheSPEAKER. Thegentleman will state it.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, and only pro-
ceeds by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object.
Mr. RANDALL. What day does the" gen-
tleman from Massachusetts indicate ?
Mr. DAWES. ^Friday of this week at half
past one o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] moves that Fri-
day of this week, at half past one o'clock, be
assigned for the consideration of reports from
the Committee of Ways and Means on the
various bills relating to refunding the cotton
tax.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask a parliamentary
question, whether that is intended to compre-
hend all of the reports of the Committee of
Ways and Means, the majority and minority
reports, the one being against the refunding
of this tax and the other for it?
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair will state pre-
cisely the condition of the question, so the
House may understand it. When a bill is
reported back from a committee adversely the
Chair never puts the question adversely on the
bill—just as when a committee recommends
non-concurrence the question is never put on
non-concurrence but always on concurrence—
but the actual motion put to the House is upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read
a third time, pending which motion the gen-
tleman in charge of the matter who wishes
adverse action of the House may move to
lay upon the table, whereby the end desired
is reached. The real parliamentary question
to be propounded to the House, whether the
report of the committee be favorable or ad-
verse, is: "Shall the bill be ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ?"
