2016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
oil the motion to lay this resolution on the
table simply to get the sense of the Senate
lipon the question of printing these documents.
I voted to abolish the franking privilege, but I
had no idea of snatching from the reach of the
people any of these documents. I did not
mean, however, when X voted to abolish the
franking privilege, that hereafter members of
Congress should be charged with the duty of
peddling them. If the Senator from Rhode
Island will incorporate in this resolution, or in
some other, a proposition which shall print
these documents and deny the distribution of
them to members of Congress, or to Cabinet
officers, or heads of Departments, but just pro-
vide for printing and placing them within the
reach ot' the people so that they can have them
by paying the cost of transportation, or the
cost of paper, or both, that is all I want.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is just what I have
done. This provision about selling them does
not apply to members of Congress, but only to
the Commissioner. I do not suppose that
members of Congress are going to send them
to applicants who pay the postage. This pro-
vision for supplying them upon payment of the
cost of transportation applies to the copies that
are given to the Commissioner.
Mr. HOWE. Why do you provide for any
for members of Congress?
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; I will agree
to that if the Senator will move to strike it out.
I have no objection to such an amendment. I
have been trying to get a resolution that would
satisfy the Senate generally.
Mr. HOWE. I cannot guess what sort of
a resolution would satisfy the Senate generally;
but the resolution that will satisfy me is pre-
cisely the resolution which I understand will
satisfy the Senator from Rhode Island and
satify the Senator from Ohio, if I know what
he means, a resolution which prints the docu-
ments, puts them within reach of the people,
and allows them to have them upon application
for them at the cost of transportation and the
cost of paper.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is what I want.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the substitute offered by the
Senator from Rhode Island to his own resolu-
tion.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That there be printed five thousand
copies of the report of the Commissioner of Agri-
culture for the use of the Senate, fifteen thousand
for the use of tho House of Representatives, and
fifty thousand for tho use of the_Commissioner of
Agriculture, to be supplied gratis on application,
the applicant to pay the cost of transportation.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to strike out all
that portion of the resolution which provides
for copies for members of the Senate and
House of Representatives, with the view of
allowing none to be printed except those which
are placed in the hands of the Commissioner
of Agriculture, and then I would add to the
resolution a provision that the applicant shall
pay the cost of transportation and the cost of
the paper.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that will be
agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. If you print but a hun-
dred copies for the use of the Senate every
Senator will be annoyed day after day with
letters for those documents.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the amendment
of the Senator from Pennsylvania will be
adopted, and then when we receive letters
requesting these documents we can send those
letters to the Commissioner of Agriculture
and he can send the documents.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am content with that.
I accept that modification.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the resolution as now modified.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
That thero be printed fifty thousand copies of the
report of the Commissioner of Agriculture for the
use of the Commissioner of Agriculture, to be sup-
plied on application, the applicant to JW thp cost
of transportation and paper,
Mr. HOWE. There is one idea I wish to
suggest to the Senate. That resolution now
authorizes the printing of just fifty thousand
copies. I can very well conceive, if you limit
the number to fifty thousand, how some pretty
enterprising man like myself might step in
here early, take the whole edition, and have a
monopoly of the sale.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Wis-
consin will allow me, we have a statute now
authorizing anybody to purchase documents,
and authorizing them to be published and
furnished to anybody who will pay for them.
Mr. HOWE. At the cost. But here one
man could get fifty thousand at the cost of
transportation and paper, and the next man,
my friend from Illinois, for instance, being a
little slower than myself, would have to pay the
cost of printing as well as paper.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 do not think there will
be much trouble about that.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, we are now begin-
ning to experience difficulty from having done
a foolish thing before, and we have just com-
menced with our troubles in that regard. If I
understand the resolution as amended by the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, this
Government is to become a mere book mer-
chant. I know of men, and so do you, sir,
who will buy these fifty thousand copies six
months before they are printed, and then who-
ever gets a copy of the agricultural report will
have to pay dearly for it; and we are to keep
our printing machines running here for the
profit of speculators. The farmer, for whom
this document is printed, and who used to get
it free, is now to become the prey of speculat-
ing booksellers. That will be the end of the
matter. They can get a quick "corner" on
fifty thousand volumes, and sell them for large
profits.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that this
matter has not been very maturely considered.
There have been several suggestions in regard
to it, and it will take a little time to frame a
resolution that will meet what seem to be the
general views of the Senate ; and I suggest to
the Senator from Rhode Island, as it is likely
to take up the whole morning hour, that he
let it go over till to-morrow morning or this
evening and bring it up then.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I make the motion then
that the report be postponed till to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
CENTENNIAL COMMISSION KEPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have one more report
to make. The Committee on Printing, to
whom was referred a resolution to print the
report of the centennial commission have in-
structed me to report it back without recom-
mendation. It is a matter which the Commit-
tee on Printing are not conversant with, and it
is hardly proper for their consideration. This
is a proposition to print a large number of the
report of the centennial celebration commis-
sion. The report is made to Congress and
should be printed, but this resolution requires
the printing of thirty thousand copies for the
use of the commission. That question the
committee prefer to leave to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion will be placed on the Calendar.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope now that I shall
be permitted to call up the motion to recon-
sider the vote on the two per cent. bill. Let
us take a vote Upon it.
Mr. SCOTT. Is the morning business
through ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
make a report from a committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois having asked to take up the two
per cent, bill, the Senator from Vermont ob-
jects, morning business being still in order,
EARItAGUT STATUE.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom was assigned the duty, in conjunction
with the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds of the House of Representatives, to
decide upon the merits of the models for the
Farragut statue, have directed me to report
that they are unable to agree upon the selec-
tion of any one which in their judgment,
according to the resolution, should be "the
most faithful likeness in form and feature, and
the most appropriate to commemorate the
deeds and character of the said admiral."
There is a proviso to this joint resolution that
reads as follows:
" Provided, That if no such models shall be pre-
sented on or before the time designated which the
said committee shall agree upon as a work of art
entirely worthy as a tribute of the nation to the
naval hero it is proposed to commemorate, they
may reject any ana all so presented, and report the
fact to their respective Houses."
While the committee are ready to concede
that there is considerable merit in very many
of the models presented, they have not been
able to agree that any one is entirely worthy,
and therefore report their disagreement that
they reject the whole.
LANDS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. WINDOM. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 1632) to amend an act
entitled "An act for the restoration of certain
lands in Michigan," approved June 10, 1872,
to report it back with a recommendation that
it pass, and I ask permission to put it on its
passage now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have given notice
that I shall objeet to the consideration of any-
thing this morning until I can get a vote on
my motion.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Will the Sen-
ator object to a matter which is merely local?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to anything
being considered out of order, if the Senate
will not give me consent to vote on a motion
for reconsideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection,
is made. Morning business is still in order.
CHARGES AGAINST SENATOR CLAYTON.
Mr. NORWOOD. I ask leave to present
the views of the minority of the select com-
mittee in regard to the charges against the
Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Clayton.] I
move that they be received and printed with
the majority report.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1650) to carry into effect the treaty of
April 28, A. D. 1866, with the Chickasaw and
Choctaw nations or tribes of Indians; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1651) for the relief of Walter D. Plowden ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to ask unani-
mous consent to take up the bill (H. R. No.
3736) for the relief of the officers and crew of
the United States ship Wyoming.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois objects.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senator from Illi-
nois will hear what the bill is before he objects.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have given notice
three or four times that I should object to any-
thing coming up by unanimous consent. It
makes no difference what it is.
Mr. STOCKTON. Then I move to post-
i pone all other orders aud take up this bill,
