1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2017
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can
only be done by unanimous consent during
the consideration of the morning business.
Mr. STOCKTON. Weil, I will wait until
the morning business is over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
two per cent, bill, as it is called, was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. Are resolutions in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Resolutions
lire in order.
ARMY OFFICER IN SOOTH CAROLINA.
Mr. BAYARD. I submit the following res-
olution :
Resolved,, That the President be, and hereby is, re-
quested to inform the Senate whether any commis-
sioned officer of the United States Army, while on
duty in the State of South Carolina, has received or
attempted to procure payment of any money or
other valuable consideration from the Legislature
of said State, or endeavored to procure legislation to
that effect, as a compensation or reward to him for
services performed in the lino of his duty as an offi-
cerof the Army orotherwise; and whether any such
officer, while so stationed and on duty, has been
admitted to practice at tho bar of said State, and
has actually practiced thereat for his personal emol-
ument, while receiving pay as an officer of the
Army; and whether such officer is now on duty in
said State, and if detached from his regiment, for
any and what service or purpose,
I offer the resolution in the interest not only
of the character but of the efficiency of' our
Army, and also in some degree for the protec
tion of the people of the State of South Caro-
lina. I hope there may be no objection, as it
is a resolution calling for information only, to
its being adopted now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I must object until I
get a vote on the other question, because I
have been appealing to the Senate all the
morning to take up the question and give us a
vote on it.
Mr. BAYARD. It is not a matter of legis-
lation, but simply a call for information.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know it is not, and I
should have no sort of objection to it.
Mr. BAYARD. I will endeavor to call up
the resolution as soon as the morning business
13 over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The res-
olution will lie over.
CLERKS OF COMMITTEES
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following res-
olution, which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be,
and he is hereby, authorized and ordered to pay the
clerks of the several standing committees of the
Senate, their usual per diem compensation from the
1st to the 31st day of March, inclusive.
TWO PER CENT FUND.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no further morning business, the motion of
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trtjmbull] is
now in order.
Mr. TRU MBULL. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays, so that we may have a test vote on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I confess my surprise that this motion is now
made to the Senate. We are almost in the
closing hours of this session, with a vast
amount of business unfinished, with appropri-
ation bills pending, so that we are taxed to
our utmost strength and endurance in attend-
ing the meetings of the Senate. Within the
last ten days of this session this measure has
already occupied three days of the precious
time of the Senate. I do not, if it is called
up, intend to discuss the question any further;
but 1 am frank to say that there are at least
two members of the Senate who have told me
that they did expect to discuss that question,
and there is no telling if we take up that meas-
ure but that it may consumeat least one of the
two remaining days. Ionly state that informa-
tion which I have'had.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then let the Senate
reject tbe reconsideration-
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is a question
42i> Conu. 3d Shso.-~-XO. 127.
which the Senate ought not to act hastily upon.
It comes before the Senate with the opinion
of the Judiciary Committee, to which it was
refemd, against it. It proposes taking a large
amount of money from the Treasury. It is a
most injurious precedent for the Senate to set,
and I trust that the Senate will not now take up
that measure, but if it is ever to pass, let it
be renewed at the next session of Congress,
where with deliberation and at our time we
may consider it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois to
proceed to the consideration of the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I confess that I am a
little surprised, though not perhaps as much
so as I ought to be, that the Senator from Illi-
nois and his associates, friendly to this two
per cent, bill, after having had a three days'
trial and a fair discussion and a full oppor-
tunity to make their views known, when every
Senator was advised that the bill was before
the Senate for action, and could therefore be
here to vote upon it, and having ample notice
of it had a fair vote upon the merits of the
question and been defeated, should now,
without any previous notice, and in the morn-
ing hour, and on the last week day but one of
the session, undertake to take up this bill for
consideration again.
It seems to me, with all respect to my
honorable friend from Illinois, that this is
not the fair thing to do. I know that he is
the only competent judge of what is fair for
him; but I am the only competent judge of
what is fair toward me; and of what is fair
toward other Senates they are the competent
judges in respect to a measure of this kind ;
and yet as I say, speaking to gentlemen who
have voted for this bill, who believe in it, it
does not appear to me to be the right thing
to do to take up a question of this kind with-
out any previous notice so that the judgment
of the Senate may fairly be taken upon it, in-
stead of unfairly, as it might happen, when
Senators are absent, in the pressure of their
absence now, not knowing that it was to be
taken up.
I do not remember, in my short legislative
experience, of an effort of this kind being
made under such circumstances, or anything
like it. Perhaps the Senator from Illinois can
tell us of some such ease, but I do'not believe
he can. If this bill had been defeated at a
time when the Senate was thin, and when it
was not expected that the bill would be taken
up, if its enemies had defeated it by any prac-
tice or course of proceeding that had not given
its friends fair notice that it was tobe brought
to a test, there would be some justification for
undertaking to get it up and to retry the ques-
tion that we have decided; but that is not the
case. The case is the reverse. The friends
of this bill having, upon a fair opportunity,
failed to succeed in convincing the Senate that
it was right, now, without any notice to the
majority of the opponents of the bill, the
friends of it presumably being all here, to
move to take it up now is, as it appears to me,
a thing that the Senate ought not to do. It
appears to me that the friends of the bill ought
not to do it. It appears to me that it would
make a precedent which in this body of regu-
lar and calm proceeding, and where such judg-
ments are thought not to be properly taken, it
is not the thing that ought to be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and it becomes the duty of
the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, being the sundry civil appropria-
tion bill, and the question is on concurring in
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole with reference to improvements in the
city of Washington upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. TRU MBULL. I suppose that the Sen-
ator from Vermont has accomplished his ob-
ject by talking out the morning hour so that
another subject would come up. He speaks
of snap judgments, of unfairness, of a want
of notice. Why, Mr. President, the motion
to reconsider this vote was made immediately,
several days ago. He says he had no notice
of it. It is an extraordinary thing, he thinks,
to move to reconsider a vote of the Senate,
and the Senator has not known of it 1 Why
it is strange how the mind of tbe Senator from
Vermont is warped in reference to measures
in which he seems to take an interest. He
says that this bill was disposed of in a full
Senate. Why, Mr. President, a third of the
Senate were absent when the matter was called
up. The Senate, is pretty full this morning.
A motion was entered days ago to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was defeated by a very
close vote, there being, I think, not more than
two or three difference. That motion was
entered, and I ask to have it called up and the
vote taken to see whether we will reconsider
or not. If we do, we may have another vote
upon it.
He says it was fully discussed for three days.
Then the Senate, 1 suppose, is prepared to
vote ; and we could have voted and disposed
of the bill in the morning hour. That was why
I moved to take it up.
Now, Mr. President, it will be observed that
notice was given. It will be observed that it
is not an unusual thing to move to reconsider
a vote. It will be observed that nearly a third
of the Senate was absent when the vote was
taken. And yet this is so extraordinary that
the Senator from Vermont talks about it as a
snap judgment and unfair! I should be sorry
to do anything unfair in the Senate; I should
be very sorry, I think, to do anything looking
like taking a snap judgment upon anybody;
and I submit to my friend from Vermont that
if he will reflect a moment he is hardly justi-
fied in making these remarks, which leave an '
imputation that I think the Senator from Ver-
mont would be unwilling to make. I think he
would hardly be willing to stand by the im-
putation which such remarks are calculated to
cast upon a brother Senator. I was uncon-
scious certainly of any desire to do anything
unfair toward that Senator or any one else, and
especially toward the Senator from Vermont.
This motion to reconsider was not made by
me. I tried to have it called upyesterday and
saw the Senator from Louisiana who made the
motion [Mr. West] and asked him if he would
not call it up; but other business intervened,
so that it was impossible to get it up, and this
morning being near the close of the session 1
tried to get it up. Now I suppose the Senator
from Vermont has accomplished his object by
talking until the hour arrived when the ap-
propriation bill came up. As soon as the appro-
priation bill is through, I will renew the mo-
tion, if I can get the floor, to take up this two
per cent. bill. I hope now I have given notioe
that Ishall not be charged with doing it with-
giving notice.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Illi-
nois could not have paid very close attention
to what I did say, or he would not have made
the reply that he has made; and it comes with
rather a poor grace from him, feeling that he
ought to resent some imputation which he
thinks I made upon him by merely stating a
fact, to begin his observations by declaring
that I had accomplished my object in talking
against time until the morning hour had ex-
pired. Let me tell my honorable friend that
he is mistaken. I do not watch the course
of time perhaps so carefully as the honorable
Senator from Illinois does. I did not know
that the morning hour had expired. I was not
looking at the clock ; I was looking the other
way, and I confess to the honorable Senator
that I had not thought of that subject at all. I
had thought of the extraordinary nature of his
proposition, made still more extraordinary by
the method which he now undertakes to adopt
to escape from the just inference which the
facts developed relating to this proceeding.
