i873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1057
Mr. HALE. So then the question brings
up the whole subject-matter?
The SPEAKER. Undoubtedly.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope we shall have
some understanding as to when the vote shall
be taken on tbe subject.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose that will also be
within the power of the majority of the House.
If gentlemen desire it, however, I will indicate
the time for taking the vote.
Mr. RANDALL. Indicate either Saturday
night or Monday morning. I am informed two
days will not to be too much time for the dis-
cussion.
Mr. DAWES. I am afraid to put off tbe
vote to so long a time as that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
gentieman will agree to take the vote on Sat-
urday at four o'clock.
Mr. DAWES. I will move, then, to so sus-
pend the rules that I may report adversely on
all these bills, and thuir consideration shall be
assigned, to the exclusion of all other orders,
for Friday at half past one o'clock, the vote
to be taken at four o'clock on Saturday.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope members
who are opposed to refunding this cotton
tax will not agree to take two days of this
shoit session of Congress to devote to this
bill.
Mr. DAWES. I am willing to limitthe time
still more if the House so desires it.
Mr. ELDREDGE. If all these bills are to
be considered at the same time, I desire to
know whether the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, who reports them, will be entitled to
an hour to open and close the debate, taking
his hour after the previous question has been
called on each bill; and if so, how many hours
will he consume on all of these bills?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman'squestion
is rather theoretical than practical; but, as a
matter of fact, the bills will be taken up and
disposed of seriatim, if gentlemen so - desire.
If the House gives the opportunity to report
the several bills, then they will be taken up in
the order which the chairman of the commit-
tee may designate
Mr. ELDREDGE. Will the question be on
the report on the several bills?
The SPEAKER. There is only one adverse
report made in all these cases from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means by the chairman,
and that report can be laid upon the table.
Mr. HALE. I demand the regular order of
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to ascertain
whether if the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts prevails it will be in the power
of the House to terminate the proceedings by
a motion to lay on the table at an earlier hour
than four o'clock of Saturday ?
The SPEAKER. Of course. The usual
proceeding is to divide the time equitably be-
tween those in favor and those opposed to the
measure, and of course those opposed can use
their time as they choose.
Mr. HIBBARD. If this motion is adopted
will there be a morning hour on Saturday ?
. The SPEAKER. There would not be.
Mr. DAWES. I will agree there shall be a
morning hour.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 hope not unless the
gentleman proposes to forego his hour closing
debate on Saturday.
Mr. DAWES. I think I will not claim more
than fifteen or twenty minutes for myself, to
say all that I desire to say.
Mr. MAYN ARD. This is a subject on which
a number of gentlemen have prepared them-
selves to speak ; and it is desirable that the
discussion should be so arranged that gentle-
men may have an opportunity of presenting
the various views entertained.
Mr. DAWES. So far as I am concerned it
will fall to me as representing the committee
to present briefly to the House the views of the
committee, and then, so far as those views are
controverted, it would perhaps be my duty or
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 67.
that of some other member of the committee
to reply in closing the debate.
The SPEAKER. The question is, will the
House so suspend the rules as to order that on
Friday, at half past one o'clock, the Committee
of Ways and Means shall be entitled to the
floor to make an adverse report on the subject
of refunding the cotton tax, and shall also be
entitled to the floor from half past one o'clock
on Saturday until the measure is disposed of
on that day.
The question being put, there were—ayes
88, noes 50, two-thirds not voting in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. HALE. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to modify my motion.
Mr. HALE. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
object. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] has a right to modify his mo-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. I modify the motion so as
to take Friday merely, from half past one
o'clock.
Mr. KERR. Let me make a suggestion to
the gentleman from Massachusetts that he
include in his motion not only Friday after-
noon, but Friday evening also.
The SPEAKER. The House could regu
late that on Friday by ordering a recess.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make a
parliamentary inquiry. Suppose the vote is
not taken on Friday, would the matter go over
as unfinished business ?
The SPEAKER. It would go back to the
Speaker's table. When an order is made for
one day only, to the exclusion of all other
orders, it does not go over as unfinished busi-
ness. The Chair will state the proposition
of the gentleman from Massachusetts as now
modified: that on Friday, at half past one
o'clock, to the exclusion of all other orders,
the Committee of Ways and Means shall be
entitled to the floor to make an adverse report
on the subject of refunding the cotton tax.
Will the House suspend the rules and make
that order ?
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 118, nays 67, not voting 55 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Barry. ErasmusW. Beck, James B. Beck, Bird, J ames
 . Blair, Boarman, Boles, Braxton. Bright,Buckley,
Burchard, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Cobb, Co-
mingo, Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Dawes, Donnan,
Dox, DuBose, Duke, Dunnell, Einkelnburg, Henry
D. Foster, Garrett, lieu, Giddings, Golladay, Grif-
fith, Haldeman, Hancock, Handlcy, Hanks, Harper,
George 15. Harris. John T. Harris, Hays, Gerry W.
Haaelton, John W. Hazelton, Hereford, Herndon,
Hill, Kelley, Kendall, Kerr, King, Leach. Lewis,
Mac In tyre, Manson, McCormick, McGrew. Mc-
Henry, McJunkin, McKee, McKinney, McNeely,
Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morey, Morgan, Mor-
phis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Silas L. Niblaok,
■William E. Niblack, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac
C. Parker, Peroe, Perry, Poland. Potter, Price, Rai-
ney, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, Robinson, Sion H. Ro-
gers, Sargent. Sheldon, Shober, Slater, Sloss, John
A. Smith, Snyder, Speer, Starkweather, Stevens,
Storm, Stowell, Swann, Taffe, Terry, Turner, Tut-
hill, Twichell. Upson, Va.ughan Voorhees. Wad-
dell, Wallace. Warren, Wells, Whiteley, Williams
of Indiana, Winchester, and Young—118.
NAYS—Messrs. Barber. Beatty, Bell, Bingham,
Buffinton, Bunnell, Benjamin F. Butler, Coburn,
Conger, Cotton, Cox, Dickey, Duell, Iiames, Eld-
redge, Esty, Farnsworth, Charles Foster, Wilder
D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Hale, Harmer, Havens,
Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Hibbard, Hoar, Holman,
Hooper, Killinger, Lamport, Lansing, Lynch, Mar-
shall, McCrary, Merriam, Mitchell, Monroe, Moore,
Orr, Packard, Packer, Peck. Pendleton, Peters, Por-
ter, William R. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Scofield,
Sessions, Shanks, Sherwood, Shoemaker, Siocum,
H. Boardman Smith. Sprague, Stevenson, Washing-
ton Townsend, Tyner, VanTrump, Walden, Wal-
dron. Wheeler, Willard, and John T. Wilson—67.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Averill,
Banks, Barnum. Bigby, Biggs. Austin Blair, Brooks,
Burdett, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Coghlan, Con-
ner, Creely, Crocker, Darrall, Davis, Podds, Elliott,
Ely, Farwoll, Forker, Goodrich, Halsey, Hambleton,
John B. Hawley, Houghton, Kellogg. Ketoham,
finsella, LamisoD, Ikowe, Maynard, McClellaiid,
latt, lMndle, John Rogers, JLoosevelt, Seeley,
Shellabarger,Worthiugton 0. Smith, Snapp, Stough-
ton, St. John, Sutherland, Sypher, Thomns, Dwight
Townsend, Wakeman.Whitthorne, Williams of New
York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Wood—55.
So the rules were not suspended.
REFUND OP DICTEREN'mi, DOTY.
Mr. DAWES. I have a little bill here which
I am sure will not cause any debate. I move
that the rules be so suspended as to allow me
to introduce and the House to pass a bill
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
refund the differential duty on articles actually
on shipboard in French vessels destined for
the United States on the 5th of November,
1872.
The bill was read. It provides that goods,
wares, and merchandise imported in French
vessels from countries other than France, and
which were on shipboard and bound to the
United States on the 5th of November, 1872,
are relieved from liability to discriminating
duty under the seventeenth section of the act
of June 30,1864, revived on such goods by the
proclamation of the President of the United
States, dated October 30, 1872; and author-
izes the Secretary of the Treasury in any such
case to refund such discriminating duty which
may have been paid on such goods, wares, and
merchandise, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
The rules were suspended (two thirds voting
in favor thereof) and ^he bill (H. R. No. 3789)
was passed.
BUSINESS OP THE COMMtTTUB OP CLAIMS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I ask unani-
mous consent that the Committee of Claims
may have Saturday after the hour of half past
one o'clock to make reports.
Mr. HALE. I object.
Mr. BLAIll, of Michigan. Then I move
that the rules be suspended, and that that order
be made.
The question was put, and (two thirds voting
in favor thereof) the rules were suspended and
the order was made.
MODOC WAR.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Renolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be .
and he is hereby, instructed to inform tho Hous e at
his earliestconvenience of the cause of thedimo ulty
with the Modoc Indians.
joun v. wkigiit.
Mr. HAYS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3790) to remove the
political disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States upon John V. Wright, of Tennessee;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. HAYS. I ask that the petition in this
case may be read.
The Olerk read as follows:
Columbia. Tennessee,
January 31,1873.
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
Your petitioner, John V. Wright, of I'ennessee,
most respectfully asks your honorable bodies to re-
move the political disabilities imposed upon him by
the fourteenth amendment of the Constitution ox
the United States, and, as in duty bound, will ever
PIRespeetfully, JOHN V. WRIGHT.
Mr. -WHITELEY. I ask the gentleman
to allow me to add the name of Lafayette
McLaws.
Mr. HAYS. I hope the gentleman will not
insist on that, as it might embarrass the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and oassed,
two thirds voting in favor thereof.
RAILROAD COMMISSION.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion pending when the House ad-
journed on Monday last, made by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Hawley,] that the
rules be so suspended as to enable him to in-
troduce and the House to pass a bill to pro-
