1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
By Mr. SWANN: The memorial of Robert
Giltuor, jr., Gilmer Meredith, Margaret Var-
den, Susan M. Tyler, and 120 others, claim-
ants under the act providing for the settle-
ment of the French spoliation claims, praying
for an early payment of the same.
By Mr. VAUGHAN: The petition and
proof of D. \V. Glassie and others.
Also, the petition of Mrs. M. A. McComb,
of Memphis, Tennessee.
By Mr. WALDRON : The petition of John
Hendie, of Detroit, Michigan, formerly a sol-
dier in the seventeenth regiment United States
infantry, for pension.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 10, 1872.
Prayer by Bishop Gilbert Haven, of the
Methodist Episcopal Church.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
ARKANSAS RIVER BRIDGE.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed as the
conferees on the part of the Senate upon the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill t,S. No. 245) amendatory of an act author-
izing the construction of a bridge across the
Arkansas river, Mr. Rice, Mr. Clayton, and
Mr. Edmuxds.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I present the memorial
of John Allen Graves, grandson and heir
and for the coheirs of Archibald McLachlan,
deceased, praying for redress in respect to
French spoliations, and giving divers and sun-
dry strong reasons in favor thereof. I move
that it lie on the table, as the bill on that
subject is upon the Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of
citizens of the State of New York, praying
for the prohibition of the manufacture, im-
portation, and sale of all intoxicating liquors
to be used as a beverage within the jurisdic-
tion of the United States; which were referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HAMLIN. I present the memorial of
the heirs of John Storer, owner of the brig
Venus, captured by the French, September
10, 1796, in favor of the passage of the bill
now before the Senate allowing pay for French
spoliations. I move that the memorial lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of John
Joseph M. Dennis, for the only heir of Thomas
Butler, deceased, praying to be indemnified
for spoliations committed by the French prior
to the year 1801; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor to pre-
sent a petition, numerously signed, from set-
tlers on the Osage lands in the State of Kansas,
in which they set forth divers and saodry rea-
sons—and good reasons as it seems to me—
why the time for their payment for these lands
should be extended for another year. I move
that the petition be referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and if the chairman of the
committee were present I would call his atten-
tion particularly to it on account of its urgency
at this time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have the honor further
to present a petition from citizens residing in
the southwest portion of the State of Kan-
sas, praying for a new land district to em-
brace that section of the State where there
are no facilities for entering public lands at
this time. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of
James B. Campbell, executor of the estate of
John S. Ryan, deceased, praying compensa-
tion for cotton delivered by him to the military
authorities of the United States in March,
| 1865, and sold, and the proceeds turned into
i the United States Treasury which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I present
the petition of Amos Richardson, of Strafford,
Vermont, a soldier of the war of 1812, pray-
ing for a pension. He represents that the
records of the Department show that he was out
fifty-nine days, while the law requires sixty,
ana asserts that he was discharged away from
home and had to walk home on foot, which
caused a long period of sickness ; and he sub-
mits divers documents in favor of the claim.
I move that the petition be referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Isaac Newton Piggott, praying to be allowed
a pension for services in the war of 1812; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have also received a
memorial of citizens of Minnesota, which is
stated to be a duplicate, protesting against the
passage of a bill which is on the Calendar, and
which was called up yesterday, to perfect nav-
igation on the Mississippi river. This memo-
rial protests against the passage of that bill on
the ground that it is proposed greatly to in-
crease the value of a grant formerly made by
Congress, and in such a way as to practically
shut out all the lumbermen in the State of
Minnesota from the purchase of pine lands at
Government price, and the bill is calculated to
operate, as it is alleged by these memorialists,
for the benefit of a few individuals nnder the
pretext of improving the navigation of the
Mississippi river. I have no knowledge of
the facts. The memorial is signed by J. E.
Hay ward and quite a number of Other citizens
of Minnesota, and as it relates to a bill that is
now pending, and that bill was passed over
yesterday on an objection from some sonroe, I
suggest to the Committee on Public Lands
who reported this bill whether it woald not be
better to have the bill recommitted, with the
statement of these protestants, that it may be
looked into.
Mr. POMEROY. When the bill is again
reached, as I suppose it will be, it will then
be in order to make any motion of that kind.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It may notbe reaobed
again, and I thought if there was any value
in these protestations they should be consid-
ered by the committee. I spoke to the Sen-
ator from Minnesota about it.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it lie on the table
and go with the bill Whenever it is recom-
mitted, but I would not take up the bill now
oat of its order in order to consider the queS*
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will present the- me-
morial and let it lie on tke table. I have no
interest in it further than that I supposed the
Committee on Public Lands would desire to
look into it, as it is a protest comiBg from
quite a number of citizens of Minnesota in
reference to a bill that is now- pending. •
Mr. POMEROY. The committee, at least
the chairman of the committee, has no objec-
tion to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition
will lie on the table for the present.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the petition of
Howard F. Moflfiat, a mate in the Navy, who
lost an arm at Vieksburg, praying that he be
placed upon the retired list of the Navy as a
lieutenant; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
Susan Carlton, of Baltimore, widow and heir,
and for the coheirs of Arthur Carlton, praying
to be indemnified for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the year 1801; which was
ordered to he on the table.
Mr. COOPER presented the petition of the
Southern Methodist Publishing House of Nash-
ville, Tennessee, praying compensation for the
use, occupation, and destruction of property
by the Army of the United States during the
late war ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petition
of Mary W. Iihett, praying for the return of
$3,510 paid by her to redeem her house and
lot in Beaufort, South Carolina, purchased by
the United States at a sale for direct taxes,
and subsequently resold to the petitioner;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of
A. S. Lindsey, grandson and heir, and for the
i coheirs of Thomas Sandford, deceased, pray-
i ing to be indemnified for spoliations com-
I mitted by the French prior to the year 1801;
1 which was ordered to lie on the table.
' Mr. LEWIS presented twelve petitions of
citizens of Virginia, praying to be indemnified
for spoliations committed by the French prior
, to the year 1801; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
j Mr. HARLAN presented a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, addressed to the
I chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
J in relation to an act for the relief of certain
j Indians in the central superintendency, ap-
| proved, June 10, 1872; which was referred to
j the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
PAPERS >miIDRAW!J AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. CARPENTER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the Milwaukee and
! Rock River Canal Company, on the files of the Sen-
ate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS Of COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1195) for the relief of suf-
ferers by fire at Boston, to report it back with
two amendments; and I will state also, the
committee being equally divided in opinion,
that they report.it for the action of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also directed by
the Committee on Finance, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 1804) to amend an
act entitled u An act relative to collection dis-
tricts in North Carolina," approved February
25, 1867, to report it back, and ask that it be
referred to the Committee on Commerce,
which has the jurisdiction of the formation of
collection districts.
The Finance Committee was discharged from
the further consideration of the bill, and it
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also directed by the
Committee on Finance to report-back the bill
(S. No. 1202) to prohibit the manufacture,
importation, and sale of intoxi«aiting liquors
as a beverage in the Territories of the United
States and in the District of Columbia, with a
large number of petitions and memorials on
the same subject. The Committee on Finance
were of the opinion that the subject ought to
be referred to some other committee. We
were not disposed to go so far as to make a
prohibition of the sale of liquors in the District
of Colombia or the Territories. We thought
it was rather a question of morals than a ques-
tion of finance. I may state also that the
Committee on Finance were very much in
favor of some such legislation as we have in
most of the western States, making any man
who sells liquor responsible in damages to
every wife, child, or creditor, or anybody else
who may be injured by his act.
Mr. POMEROY. Why not report such a
bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. It ig not a question of
finance but of morals, and we thought it had
better come from some other committee. It
is a question of political ethics. I move that
these papers be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY. Does the Senator think
that is a committee on morals?
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, it is a committee
on law, at any rate.
Mr. CONKLING. I see the chairman of
