1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
over t>uch agencies as he may deemproper; or, in his
discretion, dispense with any or all of the said super-
intendents and their clerks.
Provided, That there shall not be paid or allowed
to any person wha tever any fees or reward for ser-
vices, in connection with the subject-matter referred
to in the third section of this bill, either on account
of the United States, orof the Choct&Ws, until further
action of Congress in the matter, find providing for
such allowance and payment; and that the House
agree to the same. A. A. SAUGENT, :
JOHN P. 0. SHANKS,
S. S. MARSHALL,
Manager* on the part of the House.
ffM. WINDOM, ' '
JAS. HARLAN,
J. W. STEVENSON,
Managers on the part of the Hetiate.
SOUTHERN MAIL CONiaACTOKS.
Mr. SHELDON. I move to suspend the
rules and pass a bill for the relief of certain
mail contractors in the States lately in re-
bellion.
The bill was read. It appropriates $500,000.
or so much thereof as may be necessary, to
pay mail contractors in the States of Alabama,
Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mis-
sissippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Ten-
nessee, Texas, and Virginia, for services ac-
tually rendered under contracts with the Post
Office Department. But no contractor is to
be paid for any service rendered^ subsequent
to the time at which the State in which he
resided passed an ordinance of secession from
the Government of the United States ; and
each claimant, before payment is made to him,
is to be required to prove, to the satisfaction
of the Postmaster General, that at no time prior
to the secession of his State did he commit any
act of hostility to the United States, and that
he has not received compensation for mail ser-
vice from any source whatever.
The question being taken cm the motion to
suspend the rules, there were—ayes fifty-eight,
noes not counted.
So the motion was not agreed to.
REDUCTION Of POSTAGE, ETC.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to ask the
House to assign a day for the consideration of
a bill from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads for a reduction of postage and
the prepayment of postage upon certain printed
matter. I ask that Wednesday of next week,
at half past one o'clock, be assigned for the
consideration of this subject.
Mr. DUKE. Has not that day been already
assigned ?
The SPEAKER. That is the day for the
counting of the electoral votes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What other day is
not assigned ?
Mr. SARGENT. I suggest to the gentle-
man that he had better ask for an evening
session.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will say to the
gentleman from California [Sir. Sargent]
that this bill will not probably occupy more
than an hour, and we desire that it shall be
biought up when the House is full.
Mr. SARGENT. If the gentleman will
limit the debate to one hour I shall not ob-
ject.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let there be
some limit fixed as to the time which the bill
shall occupy.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am perfectly will-
ing to do that.
Mr. SARGENT. An hour ought to be
sufficient for the debate. -
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no doubt
that an hour and a half at any rate will be
ample. I shall not want to occupy myself
more than fifteen minutes. The bill is the
unanimous report of our committee. I ask
that it be made a special order for Tuesday ot
next week, from half past one till three o'clock,
and that the vote be taken at the latter hour.
Mr. MA YN ARD. Has the bill been printed?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It has been printed
for a week or ten days; it is on members' files.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] asks that on Tues-
day of next week, at half-past one o'clock, the
bill to be reported from the Post Office Com-
■ttiittee on the subject of the reduction of post-
age shall be in order to the exclusion of all
other orders, and that the House will begin to
vote thereon at three o'clock'on that day.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Is it understood
that all points of order are reserved ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The bill does not
make any appropriation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection to the arrangement, and the order is
made.
DISTRIBUTION OP GENEVA AWARD.
Mr.' BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
the House to assign Thursday of next week,
at half past one o'clock, for the consideration
of the bill for the distribution of the Geneva
award.
The SPEAKER. That day has been as-
signed to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Has any
assignment been made for Friday of next
week?
The SPEAKER. Friday is unengaged.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
then that the order be made for Friday of
next week, at half past one o'clock.
Mr. SARGENT. What is to be the limit-
ation as to the debate?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
call the previous question before the adjourn-
ment on that. day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] asks that on
Friday of next week it sjiall be in order for
the Committee on the Judiciary to report on
the subject of the Geneva award and its dis-
tribution, at half past one o'clock, to the ex-
clusion of all other orders, the previous ques-
tion to be called before the adjournment on
that day ; is there objection ?
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, in connection
with the special order for that day I ask leave
to present and have printed the dissenting
views of members of that committee on this
bill.
There was no objection, and it was1 ordered
accordingly.
hour op meeting.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I submit the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That on and after Thursday morning
next the sessions of the House shall begin at eleven
o'clock a. m.
Mr. COX. I object.
Mr. GARFlELi), of Ohio. I move to
suspend the rules and have that resolution
adopted.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
74, noes 65.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended, and the
resolution was not adopted.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. UPSON. Mr. Speaker, I move to sus-
pend the rules and pass a bill reported from
the Committee on Private Land Claims, which,
objection being made, could not be considered
in the morning hour of Friday or Saturday.
The SPEAKER. Several gentlemen have
propositions to make to which there will be no
objection, and the Chair will therefore hear
those propositions now before submitting the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Upson.]
UTAH.
Mr. MERRITT. I submit the following
resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the rules be suspended and the
accompanying bill, emitted "A bili izi aid of th«
execution of the laws in the Territory of Utah, aud
for other purposes," be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed ; and said
committee have leave to report at any time.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is important:
Mr. POTTER. What is the bill'.
' The_ SPEAKER. Tt is a bill.(H. R.'No.
3791) in aid' Of the execution of the laws in the
Territory of Utah, and for other purposes.
Mr. POTTER. I object 'to granting leave
to report at any time. • ■ - '
The SPEAKER. The question, then, will
be on the motion to suspend the rules.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
79, noes 28.
So (two-thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended, the resolution was
adopted, and the bill (H. R. No. 3791) was
referred accordingly.
Mr. COX. I wish to move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of introducing a bill.
The SPEAKER. That will come in after
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Upson.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
defense op the district.
Mr. CHIPMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that after the bill now upon the
Speaker's table shall be disposed of I may
have sufficient time to reply to the remarks of
the gentleman fro in New York, [Mr. Roose-
velt.]   
~ At what time?
Say at half past three
That is, after all these
The SPEAKER.
Mr. CHIPMAN.
o'clock to-day.
Mr. BINGHAM.
bills are disposel of.
Mr. POTTER. What bills?
Mr. CHIPMAN. I understand the Chair
has recognized two gentlemen, one from Ohio
[Mr. Upson] and one from New York, [Mr.
Cox,] to move certain propositions, and after
they are disposed of, I hope by common con-
sent I will be allowed an opportunity to reply
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Roose-
velt.]
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
allowing the Delegate from the District of
Columbia half an hour after those motions are
disposed of?
Mr. PERCE. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from the District that Mon-
day is the worst possible day for debate.
Mr. CHIPMAN. Then I will say to-mor-
row morning after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
allowing the Delegate from the District of
Columbia half an hour after the morning hour
to-morrow to reply to the speech of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Roosevelt?]
Mr. CRIJBS. I do not object provided the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Roosevelt]
is present.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let the gentle-
man go on now.
Mr. PERCE. I object.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I prefer not to be limited
to half an hour, but will ask for an hour.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
granting the gentleman that privilege to-mor-
row at half past one ?
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I do not object to
the gentleman from the District of Colum-
bia being allowed an hour, but in justice to my
colleague I must say that I do not think it
would be fair to allow the gentleman to go
on in his absence.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The Delegate from the
District gave the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Roosevelt] full notice of his intention
to speak in reply.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. - My colleague made
his speech in the presence of the Delegate,
when he had full opportunity to reply, and
