96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio is mistaken. His colleague accepted
the amendment to refer the petitions to the
Committee on Territories, and that was the
question voted upon.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I was mistaken.
Mr. HAMLIN. The records of the Senate
show that these memorials have already been
referred to the Committee on Finance. That
committee hare reported to the body asking
to be discharged from their further considera-
tion and requesting that they be referred to
some other committee. The Senate have voted
upon that proposition, and have voted that they
will not do it. Does not that leave the papers
where they were originally referred ? It strikes
me so, and there is no question now before the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. But the
Senator from Vermont submits the motion
anew.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then he should accom-
pany it with the addition that the Commit-
tee on Finance be discharged from their further
consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
motion he has made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that motion in order
without a day's notice? Can we spend a whole
day in discussing a resolution to discharge a
committee? I make that point of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my colleague of
the Committee on Finance will withdraw his
motion and we will give the Senate a good
temperance bill, and then they will have to
vote upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is right, and I will
vote for it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. At the sug-
gestion of the chairman of the committee I
withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is withdrawn.
kxchangb of bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to report an original
bill. I will not ask for its present considera-
tion if there is any objection to it. It is a bill
of a few lines, which everybody will under-
stand on its reading.
The bill (S. No. 1222) authorizing the ex-
change of registered bonds for coupon bonds
was read the first time by its title.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio ask for the present con-
sideration of the bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have it
read ; and, if no Senator objects, let it be put
on its passage. It is recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read at length for information.
The bill received its second reading at
length. It Jiroposes to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue coupon bonds in
exchange for registered bonds, but the expense
of the issue of such bonds is to be paid by the
owner thereof under such regulations as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe. J
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, and the
bill was prepared by him.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to ask my
colleague if this is meant to be a continuing
power, so that the exchange can be made at
all times, or whether it only npplias to regis-
tered bonds.now in existence?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is intended to be a
continuing power. By the law as it now
stands, a coupon bond may be surrendered
and a registered bond issued in its place ; but
the power to surrender a registered bond and
issue a coupon bond has not heretofore been
given by general law, although I may state that
the Senate have two or three times passed
such a provision in special cases. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in his annual report,
ad my colleague will see by referring to it,
recommends it strongly as being no incon-
venience to the Government and a great con-
venience to the public creditors, who sometimes
want to exchange their registered for coupon
bonds as well as coupon for registered bonds.
Mr. THURMAN. I have no objection to
it; I only wanted to know what the bill was.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the whole of it.
Mr. BAYARD. I suggest to my friend from
Ohio whether it would not be a proper amend-
ment to provide that the debt shall not be
increased by this process. There is nothing
said id the bill as to the exchanges being of
equal numbers of the respective classes of
bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is provided for.
Mr. BAYARD. If that is provided for in
the bill, I have no objection to it. If it is not,
I move to amend it by adding, "provided that
the public debt shall not hereby be increased.''
Mr. SHERMAN. I can state that under
- the regulations of the Treasury Department
under which these exchanges are now made
they are always of the same issue, and con-
sequently bear the same interest, the interest
commencing at the same time; but if the Sen-
ator thinks that that is necessary, I have no
objection to its being added. As a matter of
course the exchange is always of the same
issue, the same description of bonds author-
ized by the same law.
The PRESIDING. OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Delaware move an amendment?
Mr. BAYARD. If the Senator from Ohio
thinks he has sufficiently guarded the bill, I
have no objection to it; but it certainly should
be expressly stated on the face of the bill that
the rate of interest and the amount of the
debt should not be increased by the exchange.
I have not had an opportunity to examine the
bill carefully.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator thinks it
is really necessary to add such an amendment,
I have no objection. The purpose is simply
to allow the interchange of a registered for a
coupon and a coupon for a registered bond,
the law now providing all the guards neces-
sary, and I do not think any amendment is
needed. The bill as it now stands was pre-
pared at the Trfeaaary Department. If any
Senator hesitates or doubtk aboat the bill, I
would rather it should go over to allow him to
look at it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I would sug-
gest to the chairman the propriety of allowing
the bill to go over until to-morrow, and be
printed.
Mr. SHERMAN.. I am perfectly willing.
The bill was. postponed until to-morrow,
and ordered to be printed.
JAPANESE INDEMNITY FUND.
Mr. CAMERON. I am directed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 2798) to release
the Government of Japan from the payment
of the balance of the indemnity fund remain-
ing unpaid, amounting to $375,000, under the
convention of October 22, 1864, to report it
favorably and ask for its present considera-
tion.
The bill was read.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What commit-
tee does the bill come from ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I doubt very
much whether that bill ought to pass.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Maine object to its further con-
sideration ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill,
will go over.
NATIONAL BANK OF LYONS.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I am directed
by the Committee on Finance, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 1211) to authorize the
I National Bank of Lyons, Michigan, to change
its location and name, to report it back with
an amendment and ask for its present consid-
eration.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
Eoses to authorize the National Bank of
yons, now located in the village of Lyons,
county of Ionia, Michigan, to change its loca-
I tion to the village of Ionia, county of Ionia,
Michigan, whenever the stockholders repre-
senting three fourths of the capital stock of
the bank, at a meeting called for that purpose,
determine to make the change. Thereupon
the president and cashier shall execute a cer-
tificate under the corporate seal of the bank,
specifying such determination, and cause the
same to be recorded in the office of the Comp-
troller of the Currency, and thereupon the
change of location shall be effected, and the
operations of discount and deposit of the bank
shall be carried on under the name of the
Second National Bank of Ionia, in the village
of Ionia, county of Ionia, and State of Michi-
gan.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Finance with an amendment, in section two,
line six, after the word "thereof," to insert
"and."
The amendment was agreed to<
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1221) for the relief of George S. Wright,
administrator of John T. Wright, deceased ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1223) to amend an act entitled "An act
to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 14, 1870; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1224) for the relief of Howard F. Moffat;
th  Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
w&cfc was read twice by its title, referred to
to be printed.
Mr. CALDWELL aaked, and by aaasimoufi
consent obtained, leave to w>tr«Ktaoe ft bill
(S. No. 1225) to grant a pension to William
Landon; which was read twice bj its title,
referred to the Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON (by request, as he stated,)
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1226) for the
relief of Solomon Hubbard ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1227) restoring to the marshal of the Dis-
trict of Columbia the exclusive supervision of
the jail in said District; which whs read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce
a bill (S. No. 1228) relating to the payment
of bounties to the fifth regiment Connecticut
volunteers; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1229) to carry into effect the provisions
of section four of an act entitled "An act
making a grant of lands in the State ot' Iowa
in alternate sections to aid in the construction
of oertain railroads in said State," approved
