1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
when the affairs of this District were under
consideration by this House, but he did not
avail himself of that opportunity, and I insist
liB shall not go on unless my colleague is
present.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to debate.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I move to suspend the
rules in order that I may be allowed an hour
tomorrow at half past one o'clock.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I renew my original prop-
osiiion, that to-day after the two bills now
pending are disposed of I shall have an oppor-
tunity to be heard.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I cannot think it would
be the disposition of this House to deprive
the District of Columbia of the opportunity
of being heard in reply to a speech which has
evidently done it some harm. I simply desire
an opportunity to test the sense of fair play
of this House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of
order. Is not the question now on my motion
to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman not to press his motion, but to allow
me to move that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the appropriation
bills.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana insist on his motion ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw it if the
House desires to go into Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
withdraw it conditionally.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I insist on my
motion.
Mr. PERCE. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
had the floor to move a suspension of the
rules, and I submit that the gentleman from
Indiana could not take him off the floor by a
motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from New
York took himself off the floor after he made
his motion.
The question being put on tbo motion to
adjourn, there wore—ayes 69, noes 07.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
The House again divided; and there were—
ayes HO, noes 68.
Mr. PERCE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 72, nays 101, not voting
67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arthur, Erasmus
W. Beck, Boll, Bird, James G. Blair, Burohard,
Caldwell, Commgo. Crobs, Critchor, Crossland, Bar'
Hereford, Heriidon, llibbard, Holinnn, Kerr, King,
Leach, MoOlelland, MeCorrnick, Mcllenry, Mclvin-
ney, Merrick. Benjamin F. Meyers. Morphis, Silas
L. Niblack, Williaui K. Niblaek, Packer. Palmer,
Road, Edward Y. Rioe, John M. Rice, William R.
Roberts, Robinson, Sion II. Rogers, Sawyer, Sher-
wood, Shober, Shoemaker. Slocura, Speer, Stevens,
Storm, Sutherland, Taffe, Terry, Tuihill, Vaughan,
Voorhees, Wakeman, Waidron, Warren, Wells, Wil-
hird, John T. Wilson, and Young—72.
$AYS-—Messrs. Acker, Barber, Barry, Beatty,
James B. Beck, Bingham, Austin Blair, Boles, Brax-
ton, Blight, Buckley, Buffinton, Bunnell, Benjamin
F. Bhtler, Roderick 11. Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Con-
ger, Cotton, Cox, Dawes, Donnan, DuBose, Duell,
0uke, Dunnell, Karnes, Esty. Charles Foster, Wilder
{;• Foster, Frye, Garfield, Garrett, Getz, Griffith,
Hancook, Hanuley, Hanks, Hnrmer, Harper, George
E. Harris. Havens, Josoph R. Hawley. Gerry W.
Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hooper. Kelley,
Lamison, Lansing, Lewis, Lynch, Maclntyre, Man-
son. Marshall, McCrary. McGrew, McJunkin.
McKee, Merriain, Monroe, Moore,' Morgan. Leon-
ard Myers, Negley. Orr, Packard, Isaac C. Parker,
reck. Pendleton, Perce. Perry, Peters, Poland,
Porter,^ Price. Raincy, Randal), Ellis II. Roberts,
Rusk, Scoficid, Sessions, Sheldon, John A. Smith,
Snyder. Kprague, Starljjveathor, Stevenson, Stougb-
ton, Washington Towrisend, Turner, Twichell, Ty-
ner, Upson, Van Trump, Waddell, Walden, Wal-
lace, Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, and Jeremiah
M. Wilson—liil.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Averill,
Banks, Barnum, Bigby, Biggs, Boannan, Brooks,
Burdett, Campbell, Carroll. Clarke, Coghlan, Con-
ner, Creely, Crocker, Davis, Elliott, Ely, Farwell,
Forker, Goodrich, Hale, Halsey, Hambleton, Hays,
Hoar, Houghton, Kellogg, Kendall, Keteham, Kil-
linger, Kinsella, Lamport, Lowe, Maynard. Mc-
Neely, Mitchell, Morey, Hosea W. Parker, Piatt,
Potter, Prindle, Ritchie, John Rogers, Roosevelt,
Sargent, Seeley, Shanks, Shellabarger. Slater, Sloss,
H. Boardman Smith, Worthington 0. Smith, Snapp,
Stowell, St. John, Swann, Sypher, Thomas, Dwignt
Townsend, Wheeler, Whitthorne, Williams of New
York, Winchester, and Wood—67.
So the House refused to adjourn.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had agreed to the resolution
of the House of Representatives to print two
thousand copies of the illustrated report of
the Light-House Board.
The message further announed that the
Senate returned the bill (H. R. No. 1821) to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish
a Department of Justice, and for other pur-
poses," heretofore returned, on the request of
the Senate, by the House, on the 13th January
last,with an amendment; in which the concur-
rence of the Houso was requested.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed without amend-
ment the bill (H. R. No. 3722) to remove the
disabilities of A. B. Hardcastle, of Missis-
sippi.
The message also informed the House that
the Senate had passed with amendments, in
which the concurrence of the House was
requested, bills of the House of the following
titles:
A bill (H. 11. No. 2880) for a public build-
ing at Atlanta, Georgia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3496) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved March 2, 1807.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted on its amendments to the bill
(II, R. No. 3010) to authorize the construc-
tion of six bU-ain vessels of war, and for other
purposes, disagreed to by the House _of Rep-
teseiitalives, agreed to the conference usked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr,
Cbacin, Mr. Mobiull of Maine, and Mr.
Bayard, the conferees on the part of the
Senate.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN OHIO.
Mr. COX. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of putting upon its passage a bill
to divide the State of Ohio into three judicial
districts.
The bill was read.
The question was put; and on a division
there were—ayes 99, noes 23.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended; and the bill (H. R. No.
3792) received its several readings, and was
passed.
KANKUCPT LAW.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, of Massachu-
setts, by unanimous consent, the bill (H, R.
No. 3496) to amend an act entitled "An act
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States," approved
March 2, 1867, returned from the Senate with
amendments, was taken from the Speaker's
table, the amendments of the Senate non-con-
curred in, and a conference asked on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and on a division
there were—ayes 73, noes 56.
Mr. PEIiCE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
ten members voting therefor.
So the motion was agreed to; and the
House (at three o'clock and fifty-five minutes
p. m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of JohnS. Gallaher, jr., of Washing-
ton, asking for small appropriation and facili-
ties for testing certain useful war weapons.
Also, the petition of D. G. and D. A. San-
ford, of San Antonio, Texas, asking indem-
nity for depredations by Indians.
Also, the petition of J. M. G. Parker, of
New Orleans, for proceeds of cotton.
By Mr. CHIPMAN : The memorials of Mrs.
Sarah J. M. Gales, E. S. Zeverly, D. J. Flynn,
and trustees of Wesley church.
Also, the memorial of A. R. Shepherd and
4,000 others.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Margaret
Hunter, for a pension.
By Mr. DUNNELL: The petition of Peter
J. Orazer, asking a pension.
By Mr. HANCOCK: The memorial of S.
G. Newton, W. B. Leigh, Jacob Woelder, and
Thomas J. Divine, committee, asking that ses-
sions of the United States courts may be holden
at San Antonio, Texas.
By Mr. HARMER: The petition of the Phil-
adelphia soldiers' colony, asking that tracts
of land subject to entry under the homestead
act may be reserved for the benefit of colonies
formed for the purpose of acquiring home-
steads.
By Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut: A peti-
tion from the ten national banks of Hartford,
Connecticut, asking the further modification
if not the entire removal of the taxes levied
upon the national and State banks.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of
Thompson McKane, Charles C. Childs, James
Jackson, John M. Duncan, John C. Calhoun,
Andrew Jackson, and 73 others, citizens of
Fallston, Pennsylvania, stating that about
one hundred and sixty-five Chinese laborers
have been imported for a cutlery company,
located in the borough of Beaver Falls,
in said county, thereby causing the discharge
from the works of the white American me-
chanics and workmen; that two hundred
more Chinese, direct from China, are said to
be engaged and on the way for the same cut-
lery and other works of the same company, to
the exclusion from the works of our own peo-
ple ; that contracts have been made, through
one of their own race, for long periods of ser-
vitude on their part, at wages so low as to
forbid competition by American workmen ;
that their habits are so debasing as to insure
the demoralization _ and degradation of all
Christian communities brought in contact with
them; that their introduction into the United
States, in the manner it is done, shows a mani-
fest attemptto revive the institution of slavery ;
and that it is an act of bad faith toward the
work people of Pennsylvania and of the Uni-
ted States, inasmuch as that the protection of
thirty-five to fifty per cent, against the import-
ation of foreign cutlery was enacted for the
purpose of protecting the American laborer
against cheap foreign labor; and asking that as
a means, therefore, to be saved from such
evils, and in behalf of their own work people,
Congress will pass a law prohibiting any fur-
ther importation of Chinese laborers under
contracts made in China ; or that it will author-
ize the free importation, from foreign coun-
tries, of such articles or manufactures as are
or may be produced in the United States by
and through Chinese cheap labor so contracted
for.
By Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana : The me-
morial of Wiley Jones, of Daviess county,
Indiana, praying compensation as a laborer in
the war of 1812.
