98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
cliauncy m. lockwood.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 241) for the relief of Chauncy M.
Lockwood.
Mr. RAMSEY. I understand the desire of
the Senator from Oregon [Mr. Kelly] is that
the bill should go over for the present.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to have it
read if there is no objection. Has the Senator
any objection to it ?
Mr. RAMSEY. None at all. I am in
favor of the bill, but the Senator's colleague
who reported it is under the impression that
the bill had better go over.
Mr. KELLY. I think it had better go
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
stenographers for circuit courts.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 31) to provide stenographers for the
circuit courts of the United States.
Mr. CARPENTER. This bill is a bill
which I think has great merit and ought to be
passed. It has been reported upon adversely
by the Judiciary Committee, and probably
will lead to debate. I ask, therefore, that it
will lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
testimony of part irs.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1514) allowing respondents in
criminal cases in courts of the United States
to testify in their own behalf.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported adversely by the Committee on the
Judiciary, and the question is on its indefinite
postponement.
Mr. THURMAN. I believe I introduced
a bill on that subject. I ask that this bill be
laid over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
laid over.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bills reported npon i
adversely ought all to be laid over. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless there be ;
consent to an indefinite postponement, which
removes them from the Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. The adverse report of a
committee ought at least to be equal to an
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Some of them
there may be no objection to postponing in-
definitely so as to get them off the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If we postpone indefi-
nitely, we act in accordance with the wish of
the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And thus we get rid of
them.
public building at quincy.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1543) to provide for the erection
of a public building at Quincy, Illinois, for the
accommodation of the post office, custom-
house and other public offices.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported adversely on the 1st of March, 1872,
by the Senatorfrom Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,]
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds. The question is on its indefinite
Costponement. If there is no objection, the
_ ill will be indefinitely postponed, and it is
indefinitely postponed.
public building at charleston.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 512) to provide for the erection of a
building suitable for the use of the United
States courts, post office, and other necessary
offices at Charleston, the capital of West
Virginia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported adversely by the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill,] from the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, on the 1st
of March, 1872.
Mr. DAVIS. Let it go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
belinda craig.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. C21) granting a pension to Belinda
Craig.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported adversely from the Committee on
Pensions by the Senator from Texas, [Mr.
Hamilton. ] If there be no dissent, it will be
indefinitely postponed. It is indefinitely post-
poned.
new orleans branch mint.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 577) to reestablish the branch mint at
New Orleans, or restore the same to the city
of New Orleans.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] from the Committee on Finance,
with an amendment.
Mr. WEST. I should like to have that bill
go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be
passed over.
relief op land purchasers.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 749) for the relief of persons to whom
the Governors of the Northwest and Indiana
Territories confirmed lands, which lands were
afterward sold by the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over, as the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Blair] who re-
ported the bill is not here, and it will require
some explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
c. E. rogers.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 750) for the relief of C. E. Rogers;
which was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
the Postmaster General,in settling the accounts
of C. E. Rogers, late postmaster at Carver,
Minnesota, to allow him a sum not exceeding
$222 50 aa indemnification for a like amount
belonging to the post office fund, and stolen
from Rogers on the 29th of October, 1869 ; but
it shall satisfactorily appear to the Postmaster
General that Rogers was guilty of no negli-
gence in the custody of the money and postage
stamps stolen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a report
in this case made by the Senator from Minne-
sota, [Mr. Ramsey.]
Several Senators. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee on PoBt Offices" and Post Roads,
to whom was referred petition for the relief of C.
E. Rogers, respectfully report:
That the said Rogers was postmaster at the town
of Carver, State of Minnesota, during the month of
October, 1869. On the night of the 29th of October
his house was entered by a thief unlocking his front
door and proceeding 'to his bed-room, where he
seized and carried away a box containing $178 98 of
post office funds, about ninety dollars in postage
stamps, besides all the claimant's private papers and
accounts and forty-one dollars of money belonging
to him. The claimant alleges in his affidavit that
he wag awake at the time, but as the sheet-iron
shutters to the windows at the rear of the building
rattled loudly in the wind he was unable to hear any
other noise until the lifting of the box threw some
articles on the floor. Claimant then sprang after the
thief and followed him closely; but he had left all
the doors open when he came in and closed them as
he went out, and in that way was enabled to gain
time to escape with the box. The night was dark,
and claimant could see nothing as he got out of
doors.
Claimant was living over the post office and a
small store, and was in the habit of taking all regis-
tered packages, stamps, and money from tho office
to his Ded-room for security, when the sum did not
exceed $300, in which case he deposited it in the safe
of one of his sureties.
Claimant's statement as to therobbery issustained
by a certificate signed by L. L. Baxter, State sen-
ator; Frank Warner, county attorney; G. Gragen-
ftibl, clerk district court; P. Weigo, county auditor;
F. Hecklin, sheriff; John Dunn, county treasurer;
Frederick Greiner, register of deeds; J. A.Sargent,
judge of probate, and other citizens, who state
that they are acquainted with tho facts of the rob-
bery, and that they believe that "the postmaster,
C. E. Rogers, has made every reasonable attempt to
discover the guilty parties, but without success."
George Schildmeier, deputy postmaster at Carver,
swears that as deputy he has had access to the money
and stamps belonging to the post office, and that on
the night in question he saw the claimant take tho
money belonging to the "money-order business"
from the drawer, put it in the money-box, and take
it to his room ; and that there was also in tiie tox a
large amount of stamps, which he believes might
amount to ninety dollars.
On the 18th of December following, the box was
found, broken open, under a bridge in the vicinity
of the town, by two boys, who swear to the fact, anil
declare that nothing was removed from the box
after the finding until it was delivered.
The amount remaining in the box, as sworn to by
the claimant, and by George Schildmeier and II. R.
Denny, who assisted in counting the stamps, was
$46 48; which, being deducted from the amount
alleged to have been in the box at the time of tho
robbery, leaves 8222 50 as the amount of the loss.
The committee are of opinion, from the evidence
before them, that the care exercised by the claim-
ant in tho custody of the post office funds was such
as he used in the custody of his own property ; that
the fact of the robbery satisfactorily appears from the
affidavit of claimant, and from the certificates of the
several officials and citizens above mentioned; thnt
the claimant has made reasonable efforts for tho
capture of the thief and recovery of the money, and
that he is therefore entitled in equity to the relief
demanded. Wherefore the committee do recom-
mend the passage of accompanying bill S. No. 750.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not suppose it i3
of the slightest use to discuss one of these
cases, because the generosity of the Senate is
so great that even in a case like this, which is
perfectly bare of any testimony to support it
except that of the very custodian himself, who
says he had this money in his bed-room, wo
are indisposed, lest we might do injustice to
this man, to ask him to keep the guarantee he
has given to us that he would respond for that
money ; but still I feel it to be a matter of
duty to call the attention of the Senate to the
facts stated in this report. There is nothing
to sustain the statement of this man that ho
was robbed by anybody else except himself,
save his own affidavit of the fact and of the
quantity of money which he had in this box in
his bed-room; that he was accustomed when
he got $300 to deposit it in a safe, and all less
than that he carried to his bed-room.
I know the report says that this statement
is sustained by the certificate of the judge of
probate ; but unless the judge of probate was
the man who took the box, I do not exactly
understand how the judge of probate came to
know anything about it, exceptthat he believed
the statement of this man, that he had been
robbed of tbis money. I doubt if my honor-
able friend from Minnesota, who recites this
certificate in support of the petition, will claim
that any of these gentlemen who certify were
present on the occasion of the robbery or had
any other knowledge in respect to it than what
was communicated to them by the person who
alleged himself to have been robbed.
It is true there is one circumstance that I
came pretty near forgetting, and that is, that
the box was found a month or two afterward
under a bridge, and produced by two boys.
That reminds me very much of a story I used
to hear told in Vermont of a man who said
that he had a horse who could jump over a
fence forty feet high, and if anybody doubted
it he could show them the fence. [Laughter.]
Now, this man says he was robbed of his post
office stamps that were in a box, and if any-
body doubted it, there is the box ! Q. E. D.,
Mr. President 1
I confess I am unwilling to have the gener-
osity and tenderness of the Senate run away
with the people's money, and throw down all
the barriers and safeguards we have under-
taken to throw around the Treasury, and to
relieve officers from responsibilities which they
voluntarily assume, and which they promise to
bear themselves, certainly until it is demon-
strated, as Senators said yesterday, that there
has been an honest and actual loss. If the
report in this case is demonstration, then I fail
to understand what demonstration is. I do
not wish to take up the time of the Senate
about it.
