1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
Mr. CARPENTER. This case is so bald
of imy corroborating proof that it presents the
naked question to ttie Senate whether a public
officer can steal money intrusted to him and
bv making an affidavit that he was robbed be
relieved by the Senate, because there is nothing
in the statement of this case to take it out of
that class of cases. There is 110 corroboration
whatever of the statement of the man himself,
and there canuot be from the nature of the
case. Now, then, it is a plain question for the
Senate to determine, under a law which we
propose to continue, which makes the public
officers assume the safekeeping of this money
and become insurers of its safety, whether we
propose to say to them, ''If you come and
make an affidavit saying that you have been
robbed of ten or ten thousand or one hundred
thousand dollars, the Senate will relieve you
from that amount of money." I ask for the
yeas and nays on the passage of this bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I desire to call attention
to another feature in this bill, which goes a
step further than any bill, I think, that I have
yet seen. We were told yesterday that these
applications were made to Congress as a sort
of high court of chancery that could provide
against the evils resulting from the generality
of the law, and this high court of chancery,
exercising a sort of equitable jurisdiction,
could afford relief in cases where it was man-
ifest that justice required that relief should be
afforded. This bill does not go on that prin-
ciple. It does not go on the principle that
this high court of chancery shall decide the
question, but it goes further, and says that the
Postmaster General shall allow this credit,
provided the Postmaster General is satisfied
that there was due diligence on the part of the
officer, and no default
.Mr. CARPENTER. That is, he is made
the high court of chancery.
Mr. THURMAN. He is made the high
court of chancery. There is a new feature.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairwould
infer these speeches to be in the nature of
objections, but the parliamentary law re-
quires a Senator to state that he objects.
Mr. THURMAN. It is not objected to.
We are debating the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is still
before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Whenever I find myself
compelled to differ with three gentlemen so
wise and so eminent as the three who have
denounced this bill, I consider myself of course
unfortunate, and especially I feel bound to
revise any impression which I have taken up, !
the presumption being in my own mind that
that impression must be erroneous. Accord-
ingly, I have taken this report and read it over
again after listening to its reading by the Sec-
retary, and I must confess my total inability
to agree with what has been said, or even to
appreciate its justice or its application to this
case.
My learned friend from Wisconsin says that
this bill now presents a bald case and a bald
question, whether a man who steals the moneys
of the United States is to be allowed those
moneys.
Mr. CARPENTER. If he swears that some,
one else stole them.
Mr. CONKLING. " If he swears that some
"ne else stole them," my friend wants me to
j ut in ; and then he proceeds to comment
upon this thing which I hold in my hand. I
say "thing" because that has become a very
appropriate and exalted word in the doings of
this body. He proceeds to comment upon it
as if it was the ex parte statement of a person
in interest who is to come here with the pre-
sumptions of a common malefactor against
him. Now, I beg to remind these gentlemen
that this is not the statement at all of the man
who is to receive this money. It is the state- I!
ment of a committee of this body, which re- !
port.) that "the said Rogers was postmaster |i
at the town of Carver," and so on, with a nar- 1]
rative; and among other things the committee
reports, as a finding of fact by the committee,
this robbery under these circumstances of care
and caution on the part of this man. Now, if
it is the custom of the Senate to assume that a
committee which comes here with a finding of
fact bases it upon nothing, that it is a mere
bald assumption, then I have the right, and so
h«s every other Senator, to treat this report in
that way ; but in place of that I humbly sub-
mit that the presumption is that the com-
mittee had something or other upon which it
based its finding.
Then the report proceeds afterward to say
that the " claimant's statement as to the rob-
bery is sustained by a certificate," not of a
single person, as my friend from Vermont
seemed to think, but of Mr. Baxter, the State
senator; Mr. Warner, the county attorney;
Mr. Gragenfuhl, clerk of the district court;
Mr. Weigo, the county auditor ; Mr. Hecklin,
the sheriff; Mr. Dunn, the county treasurer;
Mr. Greiner, register of deeds, and so on,
various persons, and the report says that they
are acquainted with the facts of the robbery
and that they believe that every effort has been
made to recover the money, but without suc-
cess.
No doubt the criticisim is technically just
that they could not be personally acquainted
with the robbery unless they were there, as
the claimant was, and saw it take place; bat
the meaning obviously is, that morally, prac-
tically, they were acquainted with it. It was
a great sensation in this little neighborhood,
no doubt; there was a great deal said about
it; it was talked about; a hue and cry raised;
men went with hot foot to look at the place
and see where the box was taken from and all
that; and they were acquainted with it just as
my honorable friend from Wisconsin has been
acquainted with any recent scene of turmoil
ana riot which he was called upon to visit and
where he conversed with, the bystanders.
Therefore I feel bound, for one, taking the
report of the committee with as much of the
evidence as they set out here, to assume that
these facts are as stated; and assuming the
facts, I have only this to say : that the sum
being $222, and not some large sum that
should have been under guard or in a safe
deposit company, it seems to me that this man
was careful, thoroughly careful ; careful as
he would have been of a gold watch worth
twice as much, which he had kept near his
person at night where he could guard it; care-
ful as he would have been with his own wal-
let containing more money, which he would
have had by his bedside; and therefore I
submit, in place of this being an extraordinary
or bald case, it presents fairly the question
whether in any of these instances, as the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] said yes-
terday, we are to demand the pound of flesh
according to the bond, or whether we are to
say, "Here is an extraordinary and unex-
pected visitation on this man, and therefore,
waiving the letter of the bond, we will ob-
serve its spirit, and hold him rigidly respons-
ible for good behavior and caution, and if mis-
fortune overtakes him we will relieve him."
Therefore I shall vote for this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
time has expired.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
under this rule has spoken once, but not for
five minutes. The Senator can proceed and
conclude his five minutes. He has two min-
utes remaining.
Mr. CARPENTER. Am I compelled to
exhaust the time?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The role states
that each Senator shall be limited to five
minutes.
Mr. CARPENTER. Does that require me
to speak five minutes? [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Oh, no, it does
not.
Mr. CARPENTER. It seems to me the
criticism of the Senator from New York of
the report in favor of its conclusion is a great
deal sharper and more technical than any-
thing that has been said against it. From the
very nature of the case a3 presented there
could be no corroboration as to the fact of the
robbery. As my friend from Vermont says,
the fence may have been shown ; the box may
have been shown ; but the fact of the robbery
could not have been corroborated if the man's
own statement is true. The fact that this is a
little two-hundred-dollar claim is one reason
why I am opposed to it, because we all know
that the Senate would not be mean about $200—
we have seen that so frequently—and then
when some man comes with an enormous cluim
your little two-hundred-dollar claim is the
basis upon which it will rest.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is# most extraordinary
that the Senate should find itself compelled to
take so much notice of a claim that has been
denied this man for two years already, of so
small an amount. There is no doubt at all,
there was no doubt on the part of the committee,
that this robbery was perpetrated ; that the
post office funds were taken from the office.
I know it myself from hearing the neighbors
about the office and the people of that town
express their opinions on the subject. It is a
village of some four hundred or five hundred
inhabitants.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How far from St. Paul?
Mr. RAMSEY. About thirty-five miles: but
I have property interests there, and I nave
been up there time and again. Here we have
not only the sworn statement of the postmas-
ter, who is a respectable citizen ana a man
■ who could not be supposed to perpetrate a
thing of this kind fraudulently for so small and
insignificant a sum, even if he would do it
for a much larger sum, which I doubt. The
! amount is $228. Suppose he had committed
I this robbery himself, would he have allowed
the forty-six dollars to remain in that office?
Would he not have taken the whole of those
funds? Every circumstance repels the insin-
uation thrown out by Senators that the man
could have perpetrated such a fraud. In addi-
tion to the character of the man himself, and
the undoubted fact that the robbery was com-
mitted, here we have a statement of the most
respectable citizens of the town and county,
stating that "we, the citizens of Carver and
Chaska, hereby certify that we are acquainted
with the facts of the robbery of the post office
at this place, on the morning of October 29,
1869, and that we believe" 
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is there anything be-
fore the committee that shows upon what prin-
ciple the thief left a part of the money; why
hedid not take it all?
Mr. RAMSEY. Thieves generally do take
all and leave none behind. Hence I infer that
this man was not the thief.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then I understand
the chairman to assume that his friend took
the money.
Mr. RAMSEY. He could have done it;
but if that were the case he would have taken
it all. Evidently the thief was hurried, an-
noyed, frightened, I suppose, in the disposi-
tion of the box, and left part of the money;
but if this man had taken the money, there
would have been no occasion for that. He
could as well have disposed of the forty-six
dollars as he could of the balance.
The gentlemen who sign this certificate say
that they know these facts. Who are these
men ? They are Mr. Denny, the present post-
master; Mr. Baxter, the State senator; George
H. Houghton; who is a steamboat captain there
and a dealer all along that river ; George A.
Du Toil; Frank Warner, county attorney; and
half a dozen other men of great respectability
and character. I have no doubt about the
