1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1063
Indian agents some years ago. One of them
is here from a great distance, and at con-
siderable expense and great inconvenience to
himself. He wishes to settle his accounts with
the Government, but they cannot be settled,
as I am assured by the Auditor, as matters
now stand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the reason ? Why
cannot they be settled according to law ?
Mr. BOREMAN. I will state the facts ;
that is what I want to do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw the objection,
subject to be renewed, if after a little debate
the bill appears to be wrong.
Mr. BOREMAN. Some years ago, I think
in 1868, Mr. Brown was appointed agent for
the Chippewa Indians in Minnesota. Before
he had time to find out what property there
was there, probably only a few weeks after his
appointment, he was removed from his agency,
and Captain Hassler, then of the Army, was
assigned to duty as an officer of the Army and
as Indian agent. Captain Hassler gave no
receipt, and never received the property, as he
claims, and Mr. Brown has no receipt from
him. Captain Hassler remained there but a
short time, and, as an officer of the Army, was
peremptorily ordered away before he had any
time to turn over to his successor or take his
receipt for the goods that were on the agency,
which were scattered over a distance of from
seven to eight hundred miles, I am assured, in
that wild region of country. There is the diffi-
culty about the ease. The receipts which,
under the law, should have been executed have
not been, and the Auditor, with whom I have
conversed on this subject, tells me that as the
matter now stands he cannot decide either for
or against these gentlemen. The gentleman
for whom I am particularly interested, Captain
Hassler, served during the war, and afterward
resigned from the Army, and is now in private
life. He wishes to settle his accounts with the
Government.
That is the state of the case. It seems to me
there can be no difficulty arising under this
bill. It authorizes the accounting officers of
the Treasury to settle the accounts on the prin-
ciples of justice and equity. They cannot by
strict rules of law settle with these gentlemen
as things now stand, as I am assured.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from West Virginia to put this upon the
ground that the vouchers are merely irregular
in point of form, or that these gentlemen wish
a greater sum than the law would allow to
other people, or to them, for similar services?
Mr. BOREMAN. They do not ask any sum
at all for service. This is to settle their prop-
erty account. The money account is all right.
Mr. Brown received no money at all, I believe ;
and Captain Hassler's money account is set-
tled. This is in relation to the property scat-
tered about the agency there, for which no
receipts were given and none taken.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why not?
Mr. BOREMAN. I have stated the facts.
Mr. Brown was removed in a few weeks after
he was appointed, before he had time to get
information in regard to the agency* as I am
assured, and Captain Hassler, being an officer
of the Army, was assigned to duty there as
such officer. He went there and remained
bnt a short time, when he was peremptorily
ordered away, and was not allowed time to
turn over the property to his successor nor to
take his receipt. These are the facts, as I am
&ssurG(i
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now let us do one thing
at a time, and begin with Mr. Brown, if that
is his name. He was appointed in place of
somebody else, I suppose.
Mr. BOREMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMONDS. When that somebody
else went away, did Mr, Brown give him a
receipt for the property or not?
Mr. BOREMAN. lam not sure but that
Mr. Brown did.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; we will
assume that Brown did ; because if he did not,
the man before him will want to have his ac-
count settled on the principles of equity and
justice. Mr. Brown receipted for certain
property. He was removed a few weeks after
he received the property.- Why in the name
of all that was prudent, why in the name of
all that was lawful, when he turned over the
property to his successor—be it Hassler or
whoever it was—did he not have an inventory
made, and take a receipt from the person to
whom he turned it over?
Mr. BOREMAN. I do not know, except
that he had not been in the agency long enough
to get familiar with the property that was
Mr. EDMUNDS. He had been in the
agency long enough to take the property and
give a receipt for it; and if he had been there
long enough to take possession of the property,
he ought to have been there long enough to
know what he received, and to be able, unless
he used up the property, or squandered it, to
take a receipt for what he turned over ; ought
he not ?
Mr. BOREMAN. He is a citizen of Min-
nesota.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know that that
makes him any better or worse.
Mr. RAMSEY. I can state the facts to the
Senator from Vermont; but I will give way
to the Senator from Arkansas, who had this
matter in charge in committee.
Mr. RICE. I will make this statement in
regard to the matter: Mr. Brown, who was
appointed before Mr. Hassler, arrived at the
agency only about thirty days before he was
removed.
Mr. RAMSEY. State why he was removed;
on account of the new military policy of the
Government.
Mr. RICE. Yes, it was on account of the
new military policy of the Government that
he was removed and a military man was or-
dered to take his place. He had receipted, as
a matter of form, upon the invoices delivered
to him by his predecessor. When Major Hass-
ler took possession, being a military man, he
declined to receipt for property he did not see.
Mr. Brown had never seen the property. It
was scattered over the agency. Therefore, no
receipt was given to Mr. Brown. He pre-
sented the same invoices that he had received
to Captain Hassler, but Captain Hassler de-
clined to receipt for thetn because he first
desired to see the property. It consisted of
farming utensils and other property scattered
all over the agency, and it took time to find
out where the property was or whether it was
there-at all, but there is no pretense but that
the property is all there. There is no con-
troversy over that question. The only ques-
tion is that here is Mr. Brown without a receipt
from his successor for the property that he
receipted for to his predecessor without seeing
it, and here is Captain Hassler with property
that he came in possession of without receipt-
ing for that it is claimed he should account for.
So far as Mr. Hassler is concerned, he has no
receipts for which he is required to account,
but he was in possession of the agency for a
short time, and all the property constructively
was in his possession. That is the whole of
the case, and it is impossible for him to settle
his accounts without some additional legisla-
tion on the subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, 1 confess
that I am amazed, if it is proper to be amazed
at anything nowadays, at the statement upon
which this bill is proposed to be passed. I
may be entirely singular, but the simple state-
ment of the case by the Senator from Arkansas
convinces me that the bill ought not to pass at
all, and that the name of Captain Hassler, if
he is a captain, is put in merely as a means
of getting Brown out of a sctape.
What do we find here? The honorable
Senator from Arkansas reports to us that
Brown being appointed an Indian agent signed
receipts for whatever bis predecessor chose tQ
say there was upon the agency, receipted for
the invoices without knowing he had got the
property at all. He must be a very extraor-
dinary man to do business. Now he wants,
after this lapse of time, to have the people of
the United States assume that he did get the
propertythat he acknowledged that he did, and
that he did turn all of it over to his successor.
What evidence have we of that? Not the
slightest. We find that when he was removed
ana a military man came in, the military man
had sense enough to say, "I cannot treat an
invoice and -receipt as a mere sham to be
signed as a mere matter of form, and what-
ever I receipt for I must see that I have."
That may have been a very great impertinence
on the part of the military officer, but I think
it is rather a good way to do business. What
then? Did Mr. Brown, who was removed,
remain long enough to hunt up the property?
There was no executive order, I take it, which
expelled Mr. Brown from the agency, from
exercising the right of a citizen to stay there
and see what he could turn over to this officer.
There is no pretense of that kind. What
then? When Captain Hassler told him that
he could not receipt for property that was not
delivered to him or shown to him, it appears
from the report of the committee that Mr.
Brown did nothing at all from that time for-
ward except merely to turn his back on the
whole matter and to make a straight dash at
the Treasury to have his accounts settled " on
principles of justice and equity," which words
are used often enough so that we all know
what they mean, and that is, that it is left to
the unregulated discretion of the Auditor to do
just whatever he may be persuaded to believe
happens to be the thing for that occasion.
Now, until I shall be satisfied that this Mr.
Brown remained there and endeavored to get
the property together for which he was
responsible upon his receipt, or to ascertain
that it had been lost or destroyed without his
fault, I am not prepared to extend any relief
to Mr. Brown at all. It would be dangerous
to do so.
Then go a step further, and see what the
difficulty with Captain Hassler is. It does not
appear to me that there is any at all. Captain
Hassler not having given any voucher for the
receipt of property is not responsible upon a
voucher, but he is responsible under Army
orders, being an officer of the Army, for every-
thing that came into his possession, and
whether he gave a voucher or not, he would
be liable to be sentenced by a court-martial to
be cashiered if he did not take up, as the
technical expression is, upon his invoices and
returns every article of public property which
he eould find, whether it went into the pre-
vious vouchers or not. Therefore I suspect,
Mr. President, that you will find in the report
of Captain Hassler made to his proper superior
officer that he found such and such property
there, and that it is taken up upon his returns,
and it is charged to him, and he cannot be
made responsible for any more than is charged
to him.
But if anything is necessary in order to re-
lieve an officer of the Army who was not able
to get from his predecessor any account of
what the property was, and who wishes to
account for all that he had, and to take it up
upon his returns—if there is any legislation
necessary for that, by all means let us legislate;
but do not let us legislate until we know that
that is necessary.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to ask the Senator
from Vermont if he will allow me to strike
out the name of Mr. Brown. Will he allow
Captain Hassler's accounts to besettled ? Cap-
tain Hassler is a citizen of my State who was
in the Army and detailed to this service. He
was there for a few weeks, and was then re-
lieved. He is here now, and has been here
two or throe weeks, asking to have bis accounts
settled ; and the Auditor says they cannot be
