THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
unless some discretion is given to him. As to
Brown, Ms accounts may be irregular; I do
not know anything about them ; but Hassler is
the gentleman who is here as to whom I feel
concerned.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will improve the bill
greatly if you strike out Brown, who, I think,
is the chief object of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I make that motion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I know of no reason to
relieve one without the other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is still
subject to objection. The Senator from West
Virginia moves to strike out the name of Mr.
Brown.
Mr. RAMSEY. The, Chippewa agency in
northern Minnesota has jurisdiction over a
very extensive country. Brown was there, in
possession of the office, probably not over a
month, when he was superseded by the new
military government that took charge of In-
dian affairs, and was required to quit. From
the manner of managing Indian affairs there
in the past, i,t was perfectly proper for him to
receipt for the property represented to be at
the different stations, part here and part there,
but in the aggregate, 1 presume, not amounting
to.$1,000—old plows, old horses, old traps;
sqeh as you find around an Indian agency.
This was all the property that came into his
hands, and iipt a dollar of money. Now to
strike out the name of Mr. Brown, who has
do receipt from the gentleman who succeeded
him, wonld be doing a great injustice, which
I hope the Senate will not consent to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill having
been read the second time, and regarded as
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, the question is on the amendment of
the Senator from West Virginia.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is no dispute that
the property is there.
Mr. DAVIS. Unless the Senator from
Vermont desires it, I do not insist on the
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If Brown's name is not
going to be stricken out we had better have a
report from the Department. I will not con-
sent to the passage of the bill in this form by
any means.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I renew the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from West
Virginia, to strike out the name of Mr. Brown.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not understand that
there is any question about Captain Hassler.
A bill can be introduced afterward for Mr.
Brown, who is not in town.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then let the bill go over.
Mr. DAVIS. I appeal to the Senator from
Minnesota to allow us to pass the bill with
Mr. Hassler's name alone. He can afterward
introduce one for Mr. Brown.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr-Brown's difficulty oc-
curs only from the fact that Mr. Hassler refused
to give him a receipt.
Mr. EDMUNDS. For what he did not see.
Mr. DAVIS. Do not let us punish Mr.
Hassler for Mr. Brown's sins.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think it a great injustice
to both parties to refuse to pass the bill. The
Second Auditor says he understands the case
entirely, and there is no complaint that any
property is lost, aud he can dispose of it if he
has a discretion given to him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is not
before the Senate ; but the Japanese indemnity
fund bill is still before the Senate, which was
interrupted to ask unanimous consent for this
bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope we shall go on with
the bill. There is no objection now I under-
stand
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Vermont does not object the bill is be-
fore the Senate ; if he does object, it is not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am so much afraid of
doing injustice to these eminent public agents
who signed papers as a matter of form, without
seeing the property they receipted for, and it
is so just that they should be got out of diffi-
culties of that kind, that I am willing to com-
promise if the gentlemen in charge of this
bill will allow to be added to it these words:
But on the same principles as the accounts of
other agents are settled, and only for property
proved to have been turned over to their successors.
Then I will not object to the passage of the
bill so that it will read :
That the accounting officers of the Treasury be,
and they are hereby, authorized to settle the accounts
of CharlesT. Brown and J. J. S. Hassler, late agents
for the Chippewa Indians of Minnesota, on the same
principle that other accounts are settled, and only
for property proved to have been turned over to
their successors.
Mr. DAVIS. We accept that.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is all right.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the phraseology
ought to be changed slightly. A part of this
property probably was delivered to the Indians
in the course of the distribution of goods. Say
" properly turned over or legally applied."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not accept that. It
is said that these officers did not stay there,
and that the trouble is the want of vouchers
for what they turned over. If they distributed
property to Indians and did not take proper
vouchers for that according to the course of
the Department, then they ought to account
for that.
Mr. HARLAN. Well, I will not make any
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
japanesl! indemnity fund.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate is
still acting under the Anthony rule, and the
bill (H. R. No. 2798) to release the Govern-
ment of Japan from the payment of the bal-
ance of the indemnity fund remaining unpaid,
amounting to $375,000, under the convention
of October 22,1864, is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole, subject to objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is I hat bill up for action?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, under the
Anthony rule, subject to objection.
Mr. STOCKTON. On a previous occasion
the Senate considered the bill to give to the
officers and crew of the Wyoming and Ta
Kiang, through whose instrumentality this fund
was obtained, $125,000. The sum now in the
Treasury, I understand, to the credit of this
fund is about $800,000. This bill is intro-
duced to release some $375,000 which Japan
still owes. I had the satisfaction of showing
to the Senate on a previous occasion that the
claim of the officers and the crew of these ships
was a primary claim upon the fund ; that no
matter what was done with the fund, no mat-
ter whether it was to be covered into the Treas-
ury, or whether it was to be given back to the
Japanese, the primary claim before anything
was done belonged to those parties who had
obtained it. By the words of the treaty which
I read to the Senate, and which are undenied
by any Senator on this floor, but admitted by
all, that is undoubtedly so.
Now a proposition is made in this bill to re-
lease Japan from paying the $375,000 still due
to us. A proposition was made the other day in
a bill which was afterward amended to make
a certain disposition of that fund, and gentle-
men of the Senate differed as to whether it
should be covered into the Treasury or not.
Since that time the House of Representatives,
the dav before yesterday I think, passed the
Wyoming bill word for word as the Senate
Naval Committee had reported it to the Senate.
That bill is now before the Senate, reported
back from the Naval Committee a,gain as a
House bill, it having already passed the House.
The simple proposition contained in it is to
give to the men who obtained this fund by
their gallantry and good conduct, and to the
widows of those who were killed in the action,
the small sum of $125,000, which amounts
simply to one year's sea pay to each of them
according to bis position and rank in the
service.
Now, Mr. President, I ask the Senate whether
they are willing to dispose of this in any
way until this primary claim is met? I myself
shall object to any disposition of the Japanese
indemnity fund or any action upon it until this
primary question is considered. I have asked
the Senate over and over again simply to come
to a vote on the Wyoming bill. I have asked
gentlemen who say this fund ought to be cov-
ered into the Treasury, and gentlemen who say
that they ought to be paid out of the fund, to
waive that question, to provide for paying this
primary claim of $125,000, and discuss the
questioa of what shall be done with the fund
afterward.
I now feel it my duty to object to the con-
sideration of this bill unless the Senate will
take action first on the Wyoming bill. I move
that the Wyoming bill, as reported by myself
from the Committee on Naval Affairs to day,
be added as an amendment to the bill just
called up in reference to the Japanese fund by
the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey moves as an amendment to
this bill the hill reported by him from the
Committee on Naval Affairs to-day.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust we shall not adopt
the motion of the Senator from New Jersey.
This bill ought to be acted upon on its merits,
and so of the bill for the benefit of those con-
nected with the Wyoming. I am very sorry
that the Senator from New Jersey has deemed
it his duty to bring in that bill just now as an
amendment to this. There is no necessity for
it. There are moneys enough in the Treasury
of the United States belonging to the Japanese
indemnity fund to pay all that, the Wyoming
people ask, and all that everybody else asks.
This bill is to make no further demand upon
the Government of Japan for a large sum of
money yet to be paid to this Government,. We
have now, I believe, about $800,000 in the
Treasury from the Japanese fund. The pro-
priety of taking any part of it is very doubtful
in the minds of many persons; but certainly
after we have got two or three times as much
as we ought to. have got from them, it is un-
fair that we should press them further to take
that which we do not want, that which we have
no right to, and that which we have never
earned.
I trust we shall dispose of the bill before
the Senate on its merits and let the bill of the
Senator from New Jersey wait until its proper
time to come up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
Jersey.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I have
heard it said here before that we had got, two
or three times as much from the Japanese Gov-
ernment as we should have got, and it is very
strange to me to hear Senators rise in their
places and say that. Has Chat been said by
either of the other allied Powers who united
with us to send their ships in ? Has that been
said by the Japanese Government? Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania want the officers
who made this settlement with us to be obliged
to commit harikaril Does he want these
men to go to their own people and acknowl-
edge that they have agreed to pay a million
dollars to the United States Government when
there was nothing due and no claim upon
them? Does he want to put the other allied
Powers, who were with us, whose forces united
with ours, who obtained the same amount of
money—for it was obtained by all aud equally
divided—in sueh a position when they do not
place themselves there? No, sir; this arises
