2026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
That is precisely as I understand the logic of
his argument and its necessary results. He
offers an amendment which violates law, and
it is ruled out because it is against law. He
offers another amendment that would be
againut the rule, and is ruled out because it is
out of order; and so he is unhappy because
now he offers another proposition which con-
tains both the elements that were properly
rejected.
Mr. MORTON. Here is an appropriation
in the bill of $2,000,000 " for the public print-
ing, for the public binding, and for paper for
the public printing." The question is in the
first place, is the publication of the Globe
"public printing?" I say it is. Then the
clause goes on to show this $2,000,000 shall
be apportioned, h'or instance, "forthe Inte-
rior Department, $220,000." Then coming on
down " and for both Houses of Congress
$1,000,000." That language ia broad enough
to cover the publication of the Globe; and
does cover the publication of the Globe as
much as any other printing.
But, Mr. President, the Committee on Ap-
propriations, by their amendment reported to
the Senate, show that the printing of the Globe
is within the purview of thatlanguage, because
they add as a part of the same sentence " and
the last proviso to the act providing for print-
ing and reporting the debates in Congress,
approved April 2, 1872, is hereby repealed."
Then the committee report a proviso in re-
gard to the Congressional Globe as a part of
the same sentence, and is evidently being
embraced under the $1,000,000 for the two
Houses of Congress.
Now, Mr. President, if the rule means any-
thing and that amendment is germane, it
seems to me this amendment must come in,
because if it is germane to repeal a part of a
law which provides for printing the debates, is
it not germane to add to that law another sec-
tion that provides how the debates shall be
printed?
Mr. LOGAN. It strikes me that this is
rather a strange proceeding. After the nu-
merous discussions we have had here on the
subject of economy and sustaining law, when
a statute is enacted and on our books provid-
ing that a certain thing shall be done which
has been, and when a propositiou is made to
carry out and execute that law, it is gravely
proposed that we shall on a mere technicality,
on a mere question of order, prohibit the re-
duction of the expenses of this Government
$90,000 per annum. That is the result pre-
cisely of this question of order if it is decided
adversely to this proposition. It is a prohibi-
tion of the letting of the printing in such a
manner, in accordance with a law already upon
our statute books, as will reduce the expenses
of the Government of the United States
$90,000 per annnm, as stated by the com-
mittee. It does seem to me to be a strange
px-oceeding that we should prohibit ourselves
from saving that amount of money upon a
mere technicality or question of order.
But to the point. The question, as 1 under-
stand it, is whether or not this proposition is
germane to the subject now before the Senate.
What is the subject? The subject-matter
provided for in this paragraph of the bill is
the public printing of what? The public
printing of the Government of the United
Stales. What are we to understand by the
term " public printing?" It is the printing
done by the Government of a public charac-
ter, not of a private nature. If the Congres-
sional Globe, giving the debates and votes of
Congress, which is distributed by an act of
Congress to the people for their information,
is not of a public character, in heaven's name
tell me what is the printing of this country?
It is, then, of a public character.
What is the next question? The next ques-
tion is whether you can regulate the disposi-
tion of the printing of matters of public char-
acter by addiug a proviso to this section.
What proviso ? A proviso that restricts a por-
tion of that printing within the provisions of
the statute already a law of the land. It
seems to me that if we say we cannot do that
by providing that a certain portion of our
printing shall be given according to certain
bids that have been made under a provision
of our law, we might as well say that when
you appropriate $200,000 for the erection of a
building, a light-house, a court-house, or a
post office, you could not in the same section
prescribe the mode and manner of doing it or
the material of which it should be constructed.
It would be just as inconsistent to say that
you could not provide in such a case that the
building should be made of certain material,
and constructed at a certain time, and that the
appropriation should lapse after the time of
the bill itself had expired, as to say that a pro-
vision prescribing the manner of printing a
portion of the public printing of this country
was not germane to this particular section. It
does seem to me that it is the duty of the Sen-
ate to adopt this provision, if in truth we do
by it save to the Government a portion of the
funds of the country, and prescribe a proper
mode of disposing of a certain portion of the
public printing. The idea of putting it over
by a mere technicality upon a question of order
does seem to me to be begging the question,
and not meeting it squarely in the face and
deciding it on its merits, and deciding whether
economy in this service shall be provided by
the Senate or not.
Mr. CASSERLY. Before the Senator from
Illinois takes his seat, I should like to call his
attention to a correction I wish to make in
his statement, that the amendment will save
$90,000 on the public printing.
Mr. LOGAN. I make that statement upon
the authority, as I understand, of those who
have investigated the subject, that the bid of
this gentleman is that much less than the price
now provided by law for the printing of the
Congressional Globe.
Mr. CASSERLY. That may be; but the
question is, what does the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] propose
to do?
Mr. LOGAN. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] is the amend-
ment that we are discussing.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is true; but there
is already on this bill a provision, which is the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio, for giv-
ing this printing to the Public Printer until a
contract can be made according to law. I
have here the report of the Committee on
Printing, which, of course, must be on the
facts and figures the best authority, because
it is the deliberate judgment of that com-
mittee 
Mr. LOGAN. But if the Senator will allow
me, that is not the question.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope the Senator will
let me finish my sentence—and the difference
between the bid of the Government Printing
Office and that of Mr. Murtagh, the gentleman
whose name is in this amendment, is but $7,000;
and those who know the most about this sub-
ject are of opinion (in which I concur) that,
practically, the bid of the Government Print-
ing Office is lower than Mr. Murtagh's. That
is all that I wish to call the attention of the
Senator from Illinois to, who I know always
means to deal with such a subject as this fairly.
Mr. LOGAN. I do certainly.' I under-
stand (and I made the statement from my un-
derstanding) that this is a reduction in the
expense of $90,000 ; but suppose it is a re-
duction of but; $7,000, as is stated by the Sen-
ator, who I believe is a member of the Com-
mittee on Printing, the question is the same
so far as economy is concerned. It makes no
material difference. If it is a reduction, and
the law requires the work to be given to the
lowest bidder, it is as much our duty to give it
to him if the reduction is but $5,000 as if it
were $100,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator from Illinpis that his five
minutes have expired. As there has been
some debate on the merits on the point of
order, if there be no objection, the Chair will
suggest that the point Qf order is now before
the Senate as to whether this amendment shall
be received as an additional proviso to the
paragraph in regard to printing.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am paired on this
question with the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Cragin,] who is compelled to
attend a committee of conference. I should
vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 27; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Chandler, Clayton, Conkling,
Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Froling-
huysen. Harlan, Hiteheoek, Howe, Logan, Morton,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Robert-
son, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, AVest,
Wilson, Windom, and Wright—32.
NAYS—Messrs, Bayard, Blair, Cameron, Casserly,
Cooper, Davis, Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Toxas, Hamlin, Hill, Kelly,
Maohen, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood. Pratt, Han-
som, Rice, Saulsbnry, Schurz, Spraguo, Stockton,
Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vickors—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Carpenter,
Cole, Cragin, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert,
Johnston, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Pool, Stevenson,
and Sumner—14.
So the Senate decided the amendment to be
in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
how is upon agreeing to the amendment. Is
the Senate ready for the question ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. What is
the proposition ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment has been entertained by a vote of the
Senate, and is now pending.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Is that
proposition amendable?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is, within the
rule.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. If I un-
derstand the position of this question at the
present time the bill provides that the printing
of the debates, unless we change it by the
proposition submitted by the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, shall go to the Public
Printing Office. The debates are to be
printed there unless otherwise ordered by
Congress, or until a contract is made. I con-
sider that better than any other proposition
that has yet been suggested, save, probably,
the one continuing the printing in the hands of
the present publishers, because they are doing
it so well.
I apprehend the difficulties and troubles in
which we shall be involved if this amendment
is carried. It is infinitely worse than the pro-
position submitted originally to give the print-
ing out for two years. The absurdity of a
proposition of this kind, it seems to me, must
be manifest to everybody. The idea that a
printer can provide all the material and all the
appliances requisite for printing the debates
of the Congress of the United States under a
contract for one year, is most extraordinary.
This gentleman made his bid upon the pre-
sumption that he was to obtain the contract
for six years, or at any rate for a period of not
less than two years, and it must be manifest to
every one that he is not able on those same
bids to do the work for this short period of
one year. The chairman of the Committee
on Printing has given us his opinion that it
cannot be done; the Superintendent of Public
Printing has also said that it cannot be done.
If those gentlemen, who must necessarily be
conversant with the whole condition of affairs,
give that as their deliberate judgment, can it
be possible that the Senate will give this con-
tract to this gentleman with the certain knowl-
edge that it will never be executed, or, at any
rate, if executed, that it never can be executed
with profit to the party? I will not say it will
not be executed; it may be ; but to allow a
gentleman to come before this body and obtain
a contract when it is the deliberate judgment
