1066
THE--CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
laTs he may run to the Treasury with it and
g6t his bond. It is paid out again to a second
person the day following, and the Same nioney
will bo returned and another bond issued.
Then what is the effect upon the bulk of the
public debt?
Mr. I'KllRY, of Michigan. I will ask the
Senator if the practical effect would not be to
exchange five per cent, bonds for si'x per cent,
bonds, thus saving to the Government one p'er
cent, of the interest on the publie debt? '■
Mr. BAYARD. That is One of those trans-
actions to which I propose to refer hereafter,'
for I think it wo'tild be an advisable thing that
this bill should be further amended by pro-
viding:that the Kit per cent, bonds should be
paid the amount" of their face in United States
notes whenever presented at the Treasury, for
the purpose of having but one class of obliga-
tions, bearing the same rate of interest, to rep-
resent our entire national debt, and thus avoid
confusion.
But, Mr. President, is it contemplated by
this bill that the Secretary of the Treasury
shall continue his purchase and cancellation
of bonds and regular additions to the sinking
fund? If so, unless his issues of these new
ten-year five per cent, bonds in exchange for
notes shall be equal to the amount of the bonds
he buys up for cancellation and the sinking
fund, there' must be a provision inserted in the
present bill' to prevent the result now suggested
by this bill from being simply as broad as it is
long and utterly illusory in its result—an
amendment to prevent the daily increase of
the public funded debt. At present it is the
custom of the Secretary of the Treasury to use
the surplus funds arising from revenue, and
that has been his policy and practice, in buying
up the United States bonds. I think 1 have
shown it would be an unheard of thing not
to impress upon this bill the feature that it
should prevent ati increase of the public debt,
for I cannot imagine that a bill intending to
increase the public debt would meet with any
favor in either House of Congress, nor have E
heard such a thing contemplated. If, however,
we propose to impress that feature upon the
present bill, will it have the proper effect of
assisting the reduction in the present debt as
has been practised by the present Secretary
of the Treasury? I think not. As I said
before, the more money that is taken to the
Treasury and the more frequently the same
money is returned to the Treasury by a regular
stream, so much the more public funded obli-
gations of the United States will be issued.
Then what will be the result ? That, us he
pays out money for present issues, buying up
and canceling the debt, the money flows to
the public, the public take it to the Treasury,
they there get bonds at his option ; and so,
while you decrease the public funded debt by
the purchase of the present outstanding obli-
gations, you equally increase it by the issue of
the new obligations authorized by this bill.
Therefore, the thing becomes illusory. As I
liavesaid, it is as broad as it is long ; ltaccom-
plishes nothing; you pay out with the one
hand and you take in with the other. You
purchase the public debt for cancellation, and
yo« immediately issue new ten-year bonds.
What is the practical effect of this to be?
' ^-'ch'gan* If the Senator
wilt allow me, would it not be an object to
save one per cant, interest to the Government
°n*  indebtedness by that exchange ?
Mr, BAYARD, I shall be very glad to do
two things. In the first place, to take the
Government obligations and give them as
short a period to run as is practicable with
their sale. It is plain to my mind that a Ion®
bond is a long debt, and long debts are things
i do not wish to see recognized as part of the
policy of this country. I do not desire to see
this country settling down under the anchor
as it is called, but I should rather call it the
incubus of a settled public debt. I had rather
our people recognized the fact that the fener-
ation that lived nearest to the time of the
creation of the debt justly bear the greater
portion of the sacrifices necessary to pay it.
Therefore it is that I should much prefer that
the United States should establish their loans
at short dates rather than at long dates ; and
on that account alone I think tha,t perhaps
this exchange of obligations of thirty-year or
twenty-year bonds for ten-year bonds would
be favorable to the United States, and for that
reason I should support it. As I said just
now, I shall be prepared to offer an amend-
ment authorizing and requiring the Secretary
of the Treasury at any time when the amount
of $10,000,000 shall be held in the Treasury
to proceed to redeem to the extent of the
excess of that.amount the six per cent, bonds
which may be held.
Mr. SHERMAN. You mean redeem in
coin.
Mr. BAYARD. Redeem "either in coin,
or in United States legal-tender notes, or in
United States interest-bearing bonds, at par,
with accrued interest." That will be equiva-
lent to coin.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the hon-
orable Senator that we do not wish in this bill
to raise the implication of any intention to
violate the public faith which was pledged
four years ago to pay the six per cent.-bonds
in coin.
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly; but as under
the operation of the bill the Secretary would
have the option of paying in notes or in bonds,
if the notes were equal to gold there would
be no objection on that scofe.
Mr. SHERMAN. At the time of specie
payments there would be no objection, but
I wish to avoid any implication of that kind
in this bill.
Mr. BAYARD. The option might be left
to the holder, and that I suppose would cure
the objection.
Now, Mr. President, I have given the rea-
sons why even with the very necessary and
essential limitation against the increase of the
public debt of the United States, funded or
not funded, I am unable to see any very great
advantage to be derived under the present bill,
except that which was suggested by the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan, that we shall
obtain money perhaps at a rate of interest one
per cent, less, and the other matter, which I
consider favorable to the Government, that we
should have the option of paying off the loan
at a shorter period than is provided for by
those heretofore made.
It has been suggested by the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohionearestme [Mr. Thukman] that
there should be apostponement of the time when
this action should be taken by the Secretary
of the Treasury for another year. I trust that
may not be done. I have my doubts as to the
practical working of this law, the option being
left with the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
either bonds or coin in redemption of notes.
I have my doubts as to the practical result of
forcing paper to an equal value with gold : but
I have no fears that there would be a strin-
gency created in money by the adoption of this
law. On the contrary, is it not plain that it
will prevent such a stringency, because, in the
first place, the purchasing power of money
would necessarily be increased? In the next
place, it would add the coined money of the
country to the bulk of the currency of the
country, by that means giving ease. And in
the third place, the money then being honest
money, of value in itself, we should have the
coinage of the world to draw upon a3 other
nations have now, and the money of the United
States being of value in coined metal would
not, as our present notes called money do,
shrivel up like dry leaves the moment it comes
in contact with the currency of value of any
other nation.
I cannot doubt that the bulk of currency
would be increased just as much as the coin
added to it, and not only that, but, as I said,
being a money of value it would hold its own
with the money of other nations; and being
money of value, that would cure any result
that might come from any apprehended
stringency on account of the contraction in
the value of commodities.
Then this bill contains another provision
which I think would remedy that entirely; and
that is in section two, the free banking feature
of the law'. These new banks would have not
only the effect of preventing any stringency
in currency, because of course their issues
would come to be redeemed, but they would
have another effect most desirable at the pres-
ent day, of equaling the amount of currency
between the different sections of the country,
which at present is most inequitably and un-
justly distributed. The South and West are
suffering to day, as they have been for the last
nine years, under a grossly inequitable distri-
bution between them and the New England
States. The free banking feature will have
at least the effect of remedying that injustice
and equalizing the distribution of currency.
Such would be in my opinion, stated very
plainly, some of the practical results of the
passage of the proposed law. There is an
objection in my mind to it. that it looks too
much to the interest of the national banks,
never at any time a favorite of mine, and not
more so as I perceive the practical results of
the system. The effect of bringing the bank-
ing system of the country entirely under the
control of the central Government, and espe-
cially under the control of the Secretary of the
Treasury, tends to further the creation of that
which I believe to be a growing vice in our
system of government, and that is the habit of
bureaucratic government, instead of govern-
ment by law. We had from the honorable
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] the state-
ment yesterday that it was in the power of the
Secretary of the Treasury to derange and
utterly crush the business interests of the coun-
try should he, from caprice or interest or
corruption, feel disposed to do it. It is for that
reason that I do not favor, and cannot con-
template with any degree of satisfaction, the
continuance of a system which tends to throw
this power into the hands of the central Gov-
ernment, and at the same time equally to de-
prive the people of the States and of the local
districts from that control over their own
financies which their own convenience, their
sufferings, or their profit, would teach them
themselves properly to regulate.
' But nevertheless, while I do not favor the
permanence of the national banking system,
and believe it to be regretted that it was ever
adopted, yet I recognize it as existing, and a
thing not to be changed lightly or to be
changed hastily ; and, therefore, while I would
like to see resumption of specie payments pro-
ceeding upon a different principle from the one
which is proposed by this bill, yet believing
that that is the great desideratum, I shall vote
for the present measure when it shall have
been amended in the manner which I have
suggested, to wit, first, by limiting the possi-
ble increase, under any construction, of the
funded or the unfunded debt of the United
States by means of its practical working; and
second, by providing also for the redemption
of the six per cent, bonds at the option of the
holder, either in notes or gold, on the same
terms which we propose for the redemption
of the United States paper money, by the issue
of five per cent, bonds whenever a sum suffi-
ciently large to make it practicable, say the
sum of $10,000,000, shall remain as a balance
in the Treasury for other purposes.
The proposition was made yesterday that a
reduction of the rate of per cent', to be allowed
on these ten year bonds should be made so
that they should pay but two per cent., and not
five per cent. ^ It seems to me a plain answer
to that proposition that it would simply destroy
the value of the notes as currency without
creating any equivalent in the convenience of
