1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2027
of every person who is conversant with the
nature of contracts of this kind that he must
lose, is not acting in good faith to this body or
even to the contractor, and therein lies the
whole danger of this system.
I gave my objection to it the other day. I
am only permitted now a few minutes to com-
ment upon them and bring them to the atten-
tion of the body; but it is not acting fairly to
those gentlemen who desired to bid for this
work to make that contract when it is well
known that it cannot be done ; when your own
Public Printer says it cannot- be done ; when
his own estimates show that the net cost of
this printing is .$185,000, while the bid is but
$160,000. The Public Printer's bid Includes
the use of the Government building, with all
the necessary materials and machinery for car-
rying on the work. The Public Printer ex-
cludes, therefore, all allowances for those items
from his consideration, and he undertakes to
tell this body that this work cannot be done
under $185,000. Then I ask whether it is
fair to this body that they should give the print-
ing to a gentleman with the knowledge that it
cannot be done, and with a knowledge at the
same time that it prevents others whp can do
it from doing it fairly, as it ought to be done 1
Is this contract to be made under the idea
that we are to have a partisan Congress, and
that this party, after having suffered loss from
his contract, shall come here for a remunera-
tion ? Or if he does not do that, will he not
come and appeal to the generosity and liber-
ality of Congress? And we know that it is
hard for any of us to resist such an appeal. If
I were to contract for a house, and I knew that
the contractor lost by it, I should feel uncom-
fortable in that dwelling, though the contract
was ever so deliberately made. I should not
like living in it if I thought that that contractor
had lost money in its construction; that he
was probably suffering from his losses in the
construction of that building which I was en-
joying. So it will be in this case. This.con-
tractor is to be here again. We are to be
troubled in the future, as all such contracts
produce trouble to everybody who enters into
them, to the party who makes them and the
party who contracts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
five minutes have expired. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. To that I
propose an amendment to come in at the end
of the first section of the amendment:
And provided farther. Any application for extra
charges or for any amount of compensation that
would increase the amount above the present
proposition of the said Murtagh, shall work a for-
t'eiture of his contract.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senator from
Maryland will not insist upon that. 1 do not
see any necessity of insulting this man. If you
do not want to give him the contract, do not
do it. There is no need to cuff his ears, no
need to slap him in the face; or if you must
do that, do not slap the future Legislature iti
the face. I do not see why, on a _ simple
proposition of this kind, we need to withdraw
our faith in all the future. The grave propo-
sition submitted in this amendment, I think,
might be intrusted to those who shall come
alter us. I hope the Senator will not insist
upon it. It was stated by the Senator from
Rhode Island last evening that those who
made this proposition perfectly well under-
stood that they were to do the work upon the
terms they had then made, or not do it at all.
1 think we had better just make up our minds
as to whether they can do it on those terms or
not. If we say they cannot, do not let them
have it; but as 1 think they can, I shall vote
to let them have it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I object to the amend-
mentof my friend from Maryland on a consti-
tutional ground. I believe when we get on
that ground we are always safe. I think it
infringes on the right ot petition. I suppose
any man has a right to petition Congress for a
redress of grievances, and it ig impossible for
us to pass any law that will deprive him of
that right.
But this amendment, itseemsto me, amounts
to nothing at all. If any application shall be
made for increased compensation, it would not
be made until after the contract had been for-
feited ; for I assure the Senate that if the
present Senators who are on the joint Com-
mittee on Printing on the part of the Senate—
I speak only of them, of course—should have
the administration of this matter, the moment
the contractor failed to comply with the con-
tract his contract would be forfeited. I have
told him plainly, and I felt it to be fair and
right that he should understand, that if the con-
tract was not fulfilled according to its letter,
we should give the work to the Government
Printer, and I should do it at once. This gen-
tleman who has made this bid I certainly have
every reason to believe makes it in good faith,
believing that he can perform it, and certainly
he ought to know whether he can or not better
than anybody else, and he offers to give a bond
of $100,000 to perform it. If he fails to per-
form the contract, I shall be for taking it away
from him and permitting no explanation, no
nonsense of any kind, and giving it to the Pub-
lic Printer. If he performs the contract, then
there is an important saving to the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. This printing business
has given us a great deal of trouble. My own
view of the matter is this: by law last year
we invited everybody to make a bid for pub-
lishing the Congressional Globe; and itseems
by the report of our committee that Mr. Mur-
tagh, who is in possession of ample facilities
to print the Congressional Globe, made a bid,
and his bid is the lowest. Now, I do not see
how we can do anything else than permit him
to do the business. At the same time, if the
question were a new one, I should not think it
advisable to give him or anybody else the
printing of the Globe. My impression is that
the public interests would be best subserved
by turning this work over to the Government
Printing Office to be done precisely under the
same law as all other printing is done. That
has been, my opinion for years in regard to the
Congressional Globe, and my reason for it
is simply this: when the printing is done
under contract we have no control over it,
and it is the interest of the contractor to swell
the volume of the Globe, to print everything
in it; while if we had the control of it, we could
adopt some means by which we could reduce
the bulk of the Globe and improve it. But
while the law stands authorizing this contract
to be made and authorizing the committee to
invite bids, 1 do not see how we can do any-
thing else except give the work to the man
who made the lowest bid. If he does not
execute that contract according to law, accord-
ing to his obligation, I will never vote any
increased pay to him, but he must surrender
the contract. While the contract exists made
by the law, he must execute it according to
his bid ; but his bid being the lowest, I do not
see any other way than to enter on the contract
accordingly.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The hon-
orable Senator from Ohio has said that he can-
not see that there is any other mode of doing
this than by giving the contract to Mr. Mur-
tagh, because we have this law on the subject.
The law, if I understand it, proposes to give
nothing to anybody. It simply invites proposals
for this work, and it furthermore requires the
committee to take the estimates of the Super-
intendent ot Public Printing, and then there is
a clause after that prohibiting the printing of
the debates in any other mode than by con-
tract. That clause requiring the work to be
given out by contract is repealed by the bill to
which this is an amendment. The latter clause
of that law is repealed by the amendment we
adopted yesterday. The Senator from Ohio
has the law there.
Mr. SHERMAN. I had it here a moment
ago. The clause that we repeal is the clause
which declares that the present contractors
shall not go on and do the work until a con-
tract is made; in other words, there is no pro-
vision made by which the Congressional Globe
shallbe printed, and my amendment was merely
to cover that period.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Your
amendment referred to an amendment in the
bill reported by the committee, and to which
exception was made yesterday, and upon
which we had some point of order, providing
for the repeal of the law requiring the work to
be put out by contract.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, that law
itself is a law of four sections, and the repeal
applies only to two lines at the end of the law.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. And those
two lines require the printing to be given out
by contract.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all; the whole
section does that.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The whole
section relates to proposals. I should like
very much to have that law.
Mr. CONKLING. I can send to the Sen-
ator the statute. Here it is.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have just handed it to
the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. CONKLING. These are the words ;
I will read them to the Senator:
"And provided further. That no debates shall be
reported or published at public expense, after the
close of the present Congress, except upon written
contracts entered into therefor under the authority
of Congress."
Those words are repealed. Now, if my
friend from Maryland will pardon me, I wish
to say to the Senator from Ohio 
Mr. SHERMAN. The law expressly re-
quires a contract to be made.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes; and I will inform
the Senator from Ohio that this contract, as I
understand it—I have not seen it, but am
advised by a member of the House committee
that the proposed contract contains an express
provision that we may govern the bulk and
quantity of matter that shall go into the
Globe.
Mr. SHERMAN. Without reduction of
price?
Mr. CONKLING. Without reduction of
anything except the price at so much. _ We
keep in our own hands a check upon it, so
that, more or less, the quantity goes into the
Globe to be paid for at certain rates fixed in -
the contract, more or less prescribed. I have
not seen the contract, but I am so informed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to state to the
Senator from New York that no contract has
been made.
Mr. CONKLING. I know no contract has
been made ; but I mean the proposed contract,
which is engrossed, like the bond, ready, as I
am instructed, to be delivered. That contract,
which is tendered for the approval of the com-
mittee, contains such a provision.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator knows more
about that than I do, who am a member of
the committee.
Mr. CONKLING. I have just said to the
Senator, this being a House bill and coming
from the House, my information comes from
a member of the House committee; and I
inquire of the Senator whether he contradicts
it in any way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The five minutes
of the Senator from Maryland have expired,
and one minute over, and the Senator from
California is now recognized.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not in the habit of
contradicting any Senator. I dissent from the
statement of the Senator from New York upon
my information, and deny the accuracy of the
statement.
Mr. CONKLING. It is no criticism, I sup-
pose, upon the information I bring, that_ I
state a fact which is before the House commit-
tee relating to a stage of this matter that has
