104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
time is elapsing within which just as probably
as within any other time same boat will run
upon this sunken vessel and meet with a fatal
accident. I suggest then to the Senator
whether it is worth while for the sake of the
possibility of that which he suggests to main-
tain a provision which will postpone this when,
if in truth the liability exists, I do not think
that liability will be waived or discharged by
the fact that the Government interposes and
removes the wreck?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I wish to make
a suggestion to the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; I will stand
between New York and New Jersey.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I would pro-
pose—and I think it would be acceptable both
to the Senator from New York and the Senator
from Vermont—to substitute for the proviso
now in the bill these words:
Provided, That nothing heroin contained, or any
action to be had hereunder, shall affect the liability
of any one responsible for such obstruction.
Mr. CONKLING. That is right.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That might be a very
good amendment, and it might not. It is very
good so far as it goes ; but if some person is
now legally bound to remove that wreck within
a reasonable time, as is the duty of all people
who create a nuisance by a structure, or any-
thing of that kind, then Congress cannot law-
fully take it into its own hands to remove it
instantly. There must be a reasonable time.
Very likely the reasonable time has passed
now, because in a place of that consequence a
reasonable time would be a very short one, of
course, jnst as soon as the utmost diligence
could acquire the means of performing the act.
But we are in ignorance of what the tacts are
about it, except that the vessel is there.
Now, if a reasonable time has not elapsed,
I suggest to my friend from New Jersey that
this limitation being put in, rebutting an im-
plication which might arise upon liability,
would not change the legal aspect between the
United States and the owner of the vessel if i
the owner of the vessel was bound to make 1
the removal himself. I would be quite will-
ing to leave that clause so that there should
be no loss of time about it, with a provision
to have the authorities of the United States
notify these persons "if practicable," if that
will suit my friend from New York. That
would leave it to the chief of engineers to find
these people immediately, and get the thing
out of the way, but if he cannot find them to
go on with the work himself.
I move to amend the clause proposed to be
stricken out by inserting, after the word "first"
and before the words "by notifying," the
words " if practicable," so that the duty of
notification on the part of the chief of engin-
eers, or whoever has the subject in charge,
shall he one of reasonable ability on his part
to perform. Will that do ?
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think my friend
has in view the point which I suggested, when
he moves this amendment. I think there can
be no difficulty whatever in finding in whose
name this vessel is registered and informing
him, finding the underwriter and informing
him, or if she was chartered in finding the
party in interest and informing him ; and I do
not think any qualifying words are necessary
to pave the way to do that. The point is that
when they have been notified we are to wait a
reasonable time for these men to proceed, who
every lawyer in this body knows are not liable
for any such thing. My friend says it is a bare
possibility. Yes, it is a bare possibility—no
more.
And let me say in taking leave of this mat-
ter that I do not hold myself charged upon
tliis particular point in the sense of a local bill
any more than any other member of this body.
The commerce of the whole nation goes in
and out of that gate-way. But I submit that,
for the mere ghost of a chance that somebody ,
may for some abnormal reason be ultimately
liable for the residence of this wreck where it
is, we can hardly afford to suffer the thing to
go ou day after day with all the risks that are
entailed, and I think my friend from Vermont
had better take the amendment proposed by
the Senator from New Jersey.
Now obviously this wreck has been there so
long that due diligence, if anybody is liable,
would have required him at least to begin at
least to prepare for its removal, if not to accom-
plish it. I do not think there is any possibility
that we should interrupt or cut off any rights
which the Government may have by proceed-
ing prematurely to remove it, if we proceed now
even upon the idea that anybody can be liable,
which I do not believe at all.
Now, Mr. President, I hope the Senator
from Vermont will accept the suggestion of the
Senator from New Jersey, because he may
rely upon it on the face of those papers—there
is an earlier letter here than the one which he
had read, as early as the first of this month,
calling attention to this—that it is impossible
that the action under this bill can take effect
too soon. It is impossible any action should
be had under this bill if the amendment of the
Senator from New Jersey is adopted, which
will anticipate the privilege of the supposed
person liable to remove this wreck, and there-
fore I submit to my friend from Vermont that
the amendment suggested by the Senator from
New Jersey serves every possible view and
covers the ground which he would like to
cover. I hope he will agree to that and let
us strike out and insert and send the bill back
to the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want to take
any more time, but the Senator from New
York ought to remember that we are proceed-
ing in an altogether abnormal manner with
this bill itself. It is pretty rare that $15,000
ought to be taken out of the Treasury at one
snap without a reference of the bill and on its
first introduction into this body, even if it does
come from the House; but we all yielded to
the honorable Senator ; and therefore I do not
think it is asking too much to provide that we
shall take reasonable means to save, if possi-
ble, this sum of money which is to be expended
to the United States, if there is any possibility
that it can be done. I do not know that there
is. It is not my fault that I do not know. We
are bare of the facts for the reason that my
honorable friend presses the bill now. If it
were referred to the Committee on Commerce
we could have the whole history of the thing
and we could determine whether it were neces-
sary or not to have any such clause.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to ask my friend a
question. It is this: whether in case there is
any private party that is liable for the removal
of this wreck, that liability depends in any sort
or in any manner upon the fact of there being
notice given to him before the Government
proceeds to remove it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir, I think it does
in this sense: I think that if through accident
or carelessness a person creates a nuisance in
a public highway or a public river, or where
ever it may be, by leaving his ship or his barge
or his carriage or his locomotive or whatever
it may be in it, and it is not done willfully, so
that he commits a wrong by the very fact that
the thing is there at all, then it is a nuisance,
and he is liable because he leaves it there an
unreasonable length of time after the accident
occurs. Now, in order to compel him to act
with diligence it might be reasonable in some
cases—whether in this or not I cannot tell,
because I know nothing of what the case is—
that the owner should be notified, according
to the course of the common law, to remove
the nuisance at his own expense, and at once ;
otherwise the public officers remove it at his
expense. That is familiar to us all; and of
course where there is great necessity for dili-
gence the reasonable time would be shorter
and he must take immediate steps. That is
my answer to iriy friend.
Mr. HOWE. I rise simply to acknowledge
that my question has been answered but I am
not entirely satisfied with the answer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not believe you
would be.
Mr. HOWE. No, that was no part of the
contract. I really suppose that if anybody
obstructs the highway, it is the business of the
authorities to remove the obstruction and they
are not bound to chase up the trespasser in
the first place, and he is liable for whatever it
may cost the public to remove the obstruction,
whether he has notice before the authorities
act or not. I should suppose that to be the
correct principle.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I offer the
amendment which I read, as a substitute for
that which is proposed to be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
in order at present.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, the Senator
from New York has very well stated that this
was not a matter in which he had a particular
interest over and above that which belongs to
the commerce and navigation of the country.
Every section of the country whose navigation
passes over these waters has an equal interest,
it may be indeed that it has a greater interest.
Now, this bill by implication, as it stands,
seeks to raise an assumed liability on the part
of the owners of that vessel for what I think
may be regarded as the act of God. I know
of no legislation by Congress at any time
which has ever before sought to raise by im-
plication such a liability. From the little
knowledge which I have of commercial law I
do not think such a liability exists, and I think
we ought not to raise it by implication.
Now, it does not seem to me that the
amendment suggested by the Senator from
New Jersey is one which will protect us at
least in all rights hereafter if by chance there
should be a liability, and it appears to me to
be wiser, more in accordance with the best
interests of commerce, that we should adopt
that amendment rather than the one suggssted
by the Senator from Vermont. I sincerely
hope such may be the judgment of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Vermont.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from New York, to strike out the
proviso, for which the Senator from New
Jersey proposes a substitute.
Mr. CONKLING. I accept that amend-
ment. The motion of my friend, then, is to
strike out and insert.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York moved to strike out part
of the bill, but accepts the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from New Jersey, which
is a substitute for that part of the bill. The
question is on adopting the amendment as thus
modified. The words proposed to be inserted
will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out the proviso in the bill, and in lieu thereof
to insert the following:
Provided, That nothing herein contained, or any
action to be had hereunder, shall affect the liability
of any one responsible for said obstruction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to call attention
to one possible construction of that. If the
removal, which costs us $1-5,000, being done
under this act, is not to have any effect upon
the liability of the person responsible for the
obstruction, is it not pretty near equivalent to
saying we shall not recover for removing the
obstruction at all ? I suggest that to my friend.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If it is subject
to that correction say " shall relieve the per-
son liable."
Mr. EDMUNDS, That will do.
