2028
THE C0NGKESSI0NAL GLOBE.
March 1,
not yet come before the committee here; and :
although it rarely falls to my lot to state any
fact that the Senator from California does not
know, I do not feel particularly guilty at this
time for repeating what was brought to me from
the House of a fact that transpired there.
Mr. CASSERLY. I further suggest to the
Senator from New York that the Printing
Committee is a joint committee, and there can
be nothing agreed on in that committee except
jointly.
Mr. CONKLING. That I am aware of,
too. Now, I reiterate for the third time the
statement that a member of the House com-
mittee, or, more strictly speaking, of tbe House
portion of the joint committee, says that the
contract tendered for the approval of the
committee when the time shall come to act
upon it contains this provision.
And now, while I have the floor, I should
like to read what is put in my hands, which is
an extract from the report of the committee:
" In considering the different proposals it should
also be borne in mind that while Rives & Bailey make
no provision for changing the style of reporting, and
mako it a condition that the number of copies shall
' not be less than that heretofore supplied to each
Senator and member of Congress,' the other pro-
posals are so framed that Congress can order an
abridgement of the style of reporting, and curtail
tho number of oopies printed under the terms of the
contract."
I think that warrants me in the statement I
made, without appealing to any information
not common to the whole Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I regret that I raised
any point as to the statement of the Senator
from New York. He is wrong throughout
from the beginning to the end. I mean as to
the facts, so far as my information as a mem-
ber of the Senate portion of the joint com-
mittee goes. If any contract has been
prepared and submitted for approval to the
Senate part of the joint committee or to the
joint committee, I do not know it; and my
opinion is that no such thing has taken place.
Now the Senator gets up and reads from the
report a statement that under the proposals,
which are always sent out according to a reg-
ular blank form to the bidders, it is in the power
of Congress to regulate this whole subject.
There is no doubt about that, and I have
drawn an amendment with a view to that very
power. But that was not the question between
the Senator from New York and myself. He
made a statement in regard to the contract as
t,hough it was a thing drawn up, approved,
and if not executed 
Mr. CONKLING-. Oh, my friend must
allow me to correct him when he puts words
in my mouth. I never intimated anything of
tlie sort, that any contract had been approved.
On the contrary, my statement was that I
learned from a member of the House and a
member of this committee that the contract
proposed contained this and that, so that the
committee would find it when they came to act
upon the question whether they should approve
it or not. That is what I said.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator does not
say proposed by whom, whether by the com-
mittee or by the bidder.
Mr. CONKLING. Of course proposed by
the proposed contracter, by the man who is to
become the contractor should the contract be
made with him.
Mr. CASSERLY. It happens, if I under-
stand the subject at all—sometimes I think I
do not—that it is the Government of the United
States that controls the language of the con-
tract, and that it is not in any sense proposed
by the contractor, except when it is delivered
to him he executes it or he leaves it. He
has no alternative or choice about the terms
of it at all.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Presi-
dent, I do not know 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Febry,
of Michigan, in the chaix-.) The Chair will
remind the Senator that he has exhausted all
his time.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I have not
said a word about my amendment. My time
was taken up by other gentlemen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator occupied five minutes on this subject when
he rose before. The rule is explicit on the
point. If there be no objection, however, the
Senator will proceed.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object.
Mr. HAMILTON; of Maryland. Then I
move to postpone this bill indefinitely; and I
will see whether I am id order or not.
I do not intend to detain the Senate on this
?uest.ion. This is a subject of legislation, and
have always opposed bringing up subjects
of legislation under the five-minutes rule. I
have always favored the five-minutes rule when
it applied properly to appropriation bills. I
never hesitated a moment about it in such
cases; but I do think this subject sufficiently
important to draw the attention of the Senate
to it. It is important to us all, because I
know that we desire to have the debates of
Congress published properly. It is important
to us to know whether wo shall have them
published at the Government Printing Office,
for the public mind is inclined that way now;
1 believe the opinion of this Chamber is that
way now, and if we were to discard personal
preferences we would let this work go there
and let the debates be published where all our
other printing is done. Weall feel that this
printing belongs there, where itcanbedone,not
by a partisan newspaper or a partisan editor, but
where we have Government officers all belong-
ing to us and we have an interest in them and
they in us, and the property belongs to us, and
we feel upon a common ground when we are
there in the publication of these debates. They
areakindof confidential matter. I look upon
them in that view. But when we undertake
to give them a partisan color or bring them
in contact with partisan views and partisan
feelings and partisan arrangements, we begin
to feel that there is trouble surrounding us.
I khow we would not feel so in the Govern-
ment Printing Office, for that is where all our
work is done. I know that we would feel
there that we had equal rights, equal priv-
ileges, and the publication of the debates
would go along properly ; and it may be that
they will under this arrangement. I do not
say that they will not be.
I have nothing to say against the person
mentioned here. I take it for granted that he
is a gentleman, and I have no question that
we shall deal with him properly, but I am
talking against the evil of the system. I am
not talking against Mr. Murtagh. I am talk-
ing against the evil of the system. Once carry
this matter into partisan newspapers and have
gentlemen surrounding Congress appealing to
prejudices and personal feelings, it is all wrong
in itself, and we shall feel that it is wrong, and
whether we do it for one year or more, we
shall find ourselves in trouble, and we shall
have difficulty in getting back where we started.
Therefore I infinitely prefer as a member of
this body that the Government should do this
work as it does all its other printing, and let
it go to the Government Printing Office if it
is to go anywhere.
This bill as it now stands provides that this
printing shall be. so done. It must be so done.
It goes there for the short session, and we can
determine,in the future whether it shall re-
main there. They can do the work there.
We know that they can do the work. I sup-
pose no more creditable work comes out of
any establishment in the United States than
out of the Government Printing Office. I
suppose there is no work more readily and
quickly done. We wait for nothing that we
want. Send any document to that establish-
ment and it almost instantly returns to us.
; Why shall we not resort to that, instead of to
a partisan paper or instead of to the lowest
biddeft
Now, sir, one word as to the bidders. I do
not intend to detain the Senate, and the motion
I have made is not for that purpose. It is
proposed to give this work to the lowest bid-
der. The law provides no such thing. ' I call
the attention of the honorable Senators from
Ohio and New York to this point. I say the
law provides no such thing. The law only
says that proposals shall be invited and esti-
mates made by the Government Printing
Office. It does not undertake to say that the
work shall be given out to the lowest bidder.
It does not compromit this body in any way;
it does not propose to give it to the lowest
bidder ; but it invites proposals and it invites
an estimate from your' Government Printing
Office. I ask honorable Senators around me,
would it be an act of bad faith to give this work
to the Government Printing Office after invit-
ing proposals? I say there is no faith what-
ever involved in it.
The law provides that men shall make pro-
posals. There is not a line, nor a word, nor an
intimation in the law that we are to give it to
the lowest bidder. We can do as we please.
We can enter into contracts or not as we
choose. The law Expressly says that the com-
mittee after receiving proposals in this man-
ner, and the estimates of the Printing Office,
shall report to this body the proposals made,
and they shall accompany those proposals with
their own recommendations and views as to
what shall be done.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me ask my friend
whether it would not b'e extraordinary that the
Congress of the United States should first
invite proposals and then give the contract to
persons who never submitted a proposal ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. To whom
does the Senator refer ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I looked among the
papers and saw no proposals from them.
Mr. CASSERLY. With the consent of the
Senator from Maryland, I will inform the Sen-
ator from Obio that the Government Printer
made a regular estimate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not speak of the
Government Printer ; I mean the present pub-
lishers of the Globe.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not talking about
the present publishers. I do not think they
did.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then, I say, the ques-
tion ought not to be considered as regards the
present publishers of the Globe, who even
refused to recognize the law by making a bid.
It would be most extraordinary for us, by law,
to invite people to bid for a particular work,
and then actually exclude all the bidders and
give it to some one who did not bid at all.
Mr. BAYARD. No, sir; but they have
done better: they have not only kept their
contracts, but have carried on the work even
when there was no appropriation made for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. They ought to have made
a bid.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I am not
talking at this particular time about the pub-
lishers of the Globe ; I am talking about the
Government Printing Office. The committee
have submitted their proposition and these
recommendations are before us. The bill, as
it now stands, provides that our printing shall
be done at the Government Printing Office.
Why not permit it to remain there? The bill
provides that it shall be done at that office
until otherwise ordered. Why not let it re-
main there ? Will it be an aet of bad faith if
we refuse or reject the bid of Murtagh, and
leave it with the Government Printing Office?
Not at all. No Senator will undertake to say
so. We are not obliged to give it to anybody.
We may give it or not give it as we please.
When a gentleman makes a bid, we are under
no obligation to accept it, whether it be high
or low. We can select among the bidders,
high or low ; we can pick out the good from
the bad ; and in proposals for public printing
it is always implied, whether expressly men-
tioned in the proposals or not, th.it you uio to
