1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLGEE.
1069
Whenever the Government begins the resump-
tion of specie payments, there ought to be
other places to redeem aside from the city of
New York. If it is important for the people
of the West to have the right to convert their
greenbacks into coin, they ought to have that
advantage without going to the city of New
York. That requirement gives superior ad-
vantages to that money center, already having
advantages enough in that way, and places it
out of the power of the holder of the green-
backs in the remote parts of the country to get
either coin or five per cent, bonds without
sending his bills to the city of New York—a
great inconvenience. It is objectionable on
that score. Whenever the Government begins
the work of resuming specie payments, there
ought to be facilities for redemption in the
West and in the South, and not confined simply
to the city of New York, which would give
advantages to the brokers and the bankers in
that city which can be very readily compre-
hended, and increase their business.
Then again it is provided that they may
have the right to demand redemption by pre-
senting the sum of $1,000 or any multiple
thereof. Is that right? Whenever the Gov-
ernment begins the work of redeeming green-
backs, they ought to be redeemed in any
amount that may be presented. It may be
just as important for the poor man who can
raise but $500 to get the coin for his $500, as
it is for the rich man to get the coin upon his
$10,000. Therefore, no man is entitled to
the benefits of this bill, at all, who has not
greenbacks to the amount of $1,000. I think
the statement of that proposition is sufficient
without a single argument upon the subject.
The Secretary is authorized to pay in five
per cent, bonds instead of the coin. Let us
assume for the sake of the argument that this
bill will have the effect to raise the greenbacks
to par in the course of eleven months from
this time, by the 1st of January, 1874. If it
does have that effect, it has the' effect of
increasing the value of every debt that is now
owing in the country twelve per cent. It
makes it twelve per cent, more difficult for
every debtor to pay his debts, and adds twelve
per cent, to the value of every debt that has
been contracted in the ordinary way, and
which may be paid in the currency of xhe
country. I know something of that kind must
take place whenever we resume specie pay-
ments ; but I suggest to the distinguished Sen-
ator from Ohio that it is too sudden ; the time
is too short; the country cannot, endure such
a change as that in the short period of eleven
months. It must result in producing great
derangement and disturbance in the financial
affairs of this country. You cannot make
such a change as that in the short period of
eleven months without interfering vastly with
all the business of this country; without great
danger of financial panic and convulsion.
Therefore, whenever this plan is adopted, the
time ought to be extended. I respectfully
suggest to the chairman of the Committee on
Finance that it ought not to be less than two
years; that this change of values should not
be more than six per cent, in the course of
one year.
What is the effect of this proposition ? If it
has the effect of making the greenback equal
to coin in eleven months, hoarding greenbacks
is the most profitable business that any man
can engage in in this country for the next
eleven months. Legitimate business will not
pay twelve per cent, in this country. I know
some men make more than that, but legitimate
business does not pay twelve per cent, as a
general thing in this country. Therefore, the
most profitable thing that any man cau do,
should this bill pass, in view of the effect in-
tended by it that greenbacks are to be made
equal with gold at the end of eleven months,
is to hoard the greenbacks, because they will
be worth twelve per cent, more at the end of
eleven months than they are now.
If greenbacks are hoarded, what is to be the
consequence? The contraction of the money
in circulation, all those consequences that or-
dinarily result from contraction. We make
it the interest of men who have money not to
loan it out; we make it their interest to hold
on to it, not to invest it in property, because
that money at the end of eleven months is to
be worth twelve per cent, more than it is now.
Now, Mr. President, the argument was made
here I thought very clearly by the Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] and restated
by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman,]
that this measure would result in the increase
of the public debt. Under the operation of
this bill, that very certainly would be the re-
sult. I need not go over the reasons given for
it by the Senator from Delaware and the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I should like to
have the Senator show precisely where the
debt will be increased.
Mr. MORTON. I think I can show that
to the Senator. I do not think, however, lean
do it any more clearly than khas been shown.
When these greenbacks are produced "for re-
demption, and they are redeemed in five per
cent, bonds, they are there in the Treasury,
and this bill expressly authorizes the Secre-
tary to reissue them. If he does reissue them
for any purpose, then they may be returned
into the Treasury, funded in five per cent,
bonds the second time, the next day if you
please, and bonds are issued twice for the
same bills or notes. That is certainly an in-
crease of the public debt.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Funded twice for
what 1
Mr. MORTON. For the same notes. That
is an increase of the public debt. If the Sec-
retary redeems $100,000,000 in five per cent,
bonds, and then pays them out for current ex-
penses of the Government, or in the way of
buying up the public debt, they may come
back and be funded the second time, and there
you have got $200,000,000 of bonds and only
$100,000,000 of Treasury notes.
Mr. BAYARD. And there is no end to that
principle.
Mr. MORTON. It seems tome there is no
escape from that conclusion.
Now, I wish to call the attention of the
Senator from Connecticut and the Senator
from Ohio to the following provision :
And the Secretary of the Treasury may reissue
United States notes so received, or, if they are can-
celed, may issue United States notes to the same
amount, either to purchase or redeem the public
debt, or to meet the current payments of the public
service.
In other words, he is expressly authorized
to reissue these notes in redemption of the
public debt. There is no limit to the amount
of the public debt that he may redeem in one
year. He may use all the surplus revenue for
that purpose under the law now, and this bill
authorizes him to use all the notes that come
into the Treasury, the greenbacks, by redemp-
tion for the same purpose. If he has got
$50,000,000 of surplus revenue, he may pur-
chase $50,000,000 of public debt with that; if
$50,000,000 come in from redemption of these
greenbacks, he may purchase $50,000,000
with that; and so he is expressly authorized
to pay out all the greenbacks that come in in
purchase of the public debt, and he is not con-
fined simply to the payment of the current
expenses of the Government, as the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] argued a few
minutes ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, the
great body of it will be used just as you say, in
redeeming the public debt.
Mr. MORTON. Then that increases the
public debt. My friend from Michigan [Mr.
Ferry] argued a while ago that although it
did increase the public debt, at the same time
we paid off a like amount of five-twenties or
six per cent, bonds, and put out a five per
cent, in their place. That argument seems to
be fair upon its face, and yet there is a great
fallacy connected with it in my opinion, be-
cause when you buy six per cent, bonds with
greenbacks you have got to pay a large pre-
mium, while you issue the five per cent, bonds
at par in greenbacks. You redeem $100,000
by issuing five per cent, bonds, but that
$100,000 will not buy up $100,000 of five-
twenties by a good deal.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I should like
to ask the Senator what is to prevent the
Secretary of the Treasury from purchasing
these six per cent, bonds in coin at par, which
he has the privilege of doing, and using the
greenbacks for current expenses? Certainly
the Secretary of the Treasury is not going to
pay twelve per cent, premium when he can
purchase those bonds at par by paying coin.
Mr. MORTON. That is just as broad as it
is long. You can sell the gold and get au
amount of greenbacks that will purchase the
same amount of five-twenties that the gold
itself will purchase. There is a difference in
value between the five per eents and the six
per cents, and when you take the money re-
ceived for five per cents and purchase six per
cents with it, that difference must be paid and
the public debt is increased to just the amount
of the difference in value between the five per
eents and the six per cents. It seems to me
there is no answer to that at all.
Bat the Senator from Ohio, the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, says we can get
over this difficulty by putting a clause into the
bill declaring that the public debt shall not be
increased, and his colleague accepts that as
being an answer to the objection. I must con-
fess my surprise at that. If you put a clause
in this bill saying that the public debt shall not
be increased, that is precisely equal to striking
out that part of the bill which authorizes the
Secretary of.the Treasury to redeem in five
per cent, bonds. The two propositions are
wholly incompatible with each other. If the
Secretary of the Treasury redeems $100,000
of greenbacks by issuing five per cent, bonds,
it does increase the public debt.
Mr. FENTON. The greenbacks are a debt
now,
Mr. MORTON. Very well; it increases the
public debt in that way.
Mr. FENTON. The funded debt, that is all.
Mr. MORTON. It increases the funded
debt in precisely that way.
Mr. FENTON. The interest is increased,
and there is an increase in the funded debt
besides that.
Mr. MORTON. It changes the character
of that amount of debt, you have got $100,-
000 that does not pay interest, and you put
that in bonds that do pay interest. Is not that
increasing the public debt?
Mr. FENTON. To the amount of the
interest.
Mr. MORTON. Very well; it is a larger
or smaller amount, but it is an increase of the
public debt. When the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Thtjrman] accepts that amendment as
an answer to the objection, it is simply equiva-
lent to striking out that part of the bill which
authorizes the redemption in five per cents.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I do not wish
to interrupt the Senator, but we all desire to
get at the facts and what is the best policy of
the country. I wish to call the attention of
the Senator from Indiana, as did the Senator
from Ohio, to the fact that the practice would
be to purchase the«six per cent, bonds, and
the effect would be to reduce the interest of
the public debt by just one per cent, upon the
public indebtedness. To the amount that the
five per cents were issued, the six per cents,
would be funded. The aggregate amount of
the present public obligations bearing six per
cent, is about $1,300,000,000. Supplanting
those by five per cent, upon the theory of
supplanting the whole amount, would be a
saving to the people annually of $13,000,000
in interest.
