1070
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS.
February 4,
Mr. .MORTON. That carries me, back to
what I said a few moments.ago, that all the
advantage spoken of by the Senator from,
Michigan is lost ia this fact: that'the proceeds
of $100,000 of five per cent, bonds will not
buy $100,000 of six per cent, bonds. There
is a difference in the price of the bonds, and
therefore what. the Senator says would be
gained would not be gained at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask my
friend a question at this point. Suppose, as
is now the fact, that these five per cent, bonds
are worth par, in gold. They are to-day, and
I have ncs doubt will be for all future time.
Taking that as a fact, that we can sell these
bonds at par in gold, and aredoing it now, and
pay off the six per cent, bonds, saving one per
cent., cannot this be done just as well without
the cost of a syndicate? Assuming that these
bonds are worth par in gold, we have the right
to pay the six per cent, bonds. By one of the
fortunate conditions of our six per cent, bonds,
we have the right to pay them at par in gold
at any time at ourpleasure. If we can sell our
five per cent, bonds at par in gold, are we not
thus enabled without any cost or trouble or
expense under this bill to redeem our six per
cent, bonds by the proceeds of an equal
amount of five per cent, bonds ?
Mr. SOHORZ. Let ine ask the Senator
a question right there. It'you do that, if you
do pay off the six per cent, bonds with gold,
where will the gold be to redeem your green-
backs with? It will all go into the bonds, and
then you will have no gold with which to
redeem the greenbacks.
Mr. SHERMAN. In my opinion, _twenty
or thirty millions would be all-sufficient for
that purpose, because the bonds could be sold
tor gold, the gold goes into the Treasury, and
the gold might be used for the redemption of
six per cent, bonds or currency.. As a matter
of course, the Senator is very well aware that
in case of specie payments the amount of
redemption is very small indeed. We know
that in the ordinary state of specie payments
notes are very rarely presented to the Govern-
ment for redemption.
Mr. MORTON. I do not know that I com-
prehend the question of the Senator from
Ohio. I was interrupted for the moment while
he was speaking. In the firsf place, I do not
believe that when tbis bill passes five per cent,
bonds will be equivalent to gold. If the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has the privilege of re-
deeming in five per cent, bonds, I do not
believe five per cent,, bonds under those cir-
cumstances will be equivalent to gold. I think
practically the measure will fail. The Gov-
ernment cannot now ordinarly sell five per
cent, bonds at par in gold. She has to do it
by making complicated and extensive arrange-
ments. The bonds are sold to persons who
expect to hold them, and when this takes
place, a short bond, a ten year five per cent,
bond in effect, although the Government may
let it ruu much longer, will not be ordinarily
at par in gold. It will occupy a medium posi-
tion somewhere between the present value of
greenbacks and a par value. We caunot tell
just where that will be. If this bill is passed,
it will have the effect either to bring up the
value of greenbacks at par or to bring down
the value of the five percent, bonds to some
point between the present value of greenbacks
and par, _ Nobody can tell just where that will
be. My impression is, however, that while it
will not have the effect ta> make the five per
cent, bonds par in gold, there will be a large
investment of the greenbacks of the country
in five per cent, bonds. ! believe that will take
place, ami that it will bring about a rapid and
dangerous contraction of the currency.
Sir, you cannot contract the currency to the
amount of $100,000,000, ay, of $50,000,000,
without the most serious disasters to our com-
mercial prosperity. The passage of the meas-
ure itself will involve a degree of uncertainty
and want of confidence that is in itself equal
to contraction. ■ Men will not know what to
rely upon. They will not know how much
currency there-is in the country.. They can-
not calculate what will be funded, or how
much, of it will be left. _
The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Buck-
ingham] talked—and I think I have heard
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] talk-
about an elastic currency, a flexible currency.
I, have never believed in such a currency. I
have always regarded it as a financial fallacy.
I think it is one of the worst things that can
happen. I believe the strongest element in
the financial stability of this country for the
last few .years has been the fact that our coun-
try has had a fixed amount of currency—an
amount that everybody knows. _ We all know
how much currency there is in circulation,
how many greenbacks there are, how many
bank notes there are. Every commercial
man understands that, and he knows that that
amount cannot be increased except by an act
of Congress. It does not depend now upon
the will of private persons. Speculators in
New York, bankers and brokers might, for
the very purpose of making a financial panic,
run in $50,000,000 of greenbacks and get five
per cent, bonds and be prepared to take ad-
vantage of the contraction and of the neces-
sary depression following it. It is another
mode of making a corner in money, and would
have precisely the same efiect, only it fur-
nishes increased facilities for it. How? Now
when a corner in money is made, it is locked
up for the time being: no interest is drawn
upon it all; but under this bill they may put
their money in five per cent, bonds, and get a
good living interest upon it and produce the
contraction that is desired.
Mr. President, we have had unparalleled
prosperily in this country for the last four or
five years. There has been less speculation in
the last four years, 1 undertake to say, than in
any period in the history of this country since
1837.
Mr, SHERMAN. Far more.
Mr. MORTON. Because business has vastly
extended, and it is ten times what it was twenty-
five years ago; but I speak of speculation in
products. I say there has been less of it, and
there has been more stability in the prices of
the breadstuffs of this country, of the neces-
saries of life, in the last five years than there
has been in any preceding five years in our
history. I have no hesitancy in saying that.
Of course there are fluctuations; but they are
created by demand' and supply. A short crop
may produce them; an increased foreign
demand may produce them ; but there has
.been less of fluctuation resulting from specu-
lation, I undertake to say, in this country du-
ring the last four years thau in any five years
since 1837.
Why is it that there has been such stability?
Why is it that there has been such prosperily?
And why is it that there is so much confidence
now in the finances of the country ? There is
more confidence now than there ever has been
before. Why? One great leading cause is
that the whole country knows how much cur-
rency there is abroad, and that that currency
cannot be increased except by an act of Con-
gress, which must advertise the whole country
in regard to it. Now, if that currency may be
contracted by allowing a man to fund green-
backs in five per cent, bonds, how shall the
business men of the country know anything
about it? The mischief is done before they
know it. The first news they get of it is in the
contraction of the currency. If ten millions
are funded this week, how will the country
know it? They will be first advised of it by
its effect upon business; but if it is done under
an act of Congress, everybody knows of it
weeks and months before it takes place.
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to put a question just here?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Does he not
find an escape in the freedom of the banking
law provided for in this bill allowing anybody
to organize banks based upon the public secu-
rities ? Is there not a remedy there ? If there
should be a contraction of United States notes,
would there not be an addition al issue of bank
notes ? , , ,. ,,
Mr. MORTON. I am glad my friend has
asked me that question; I had forgotten that.
That brings me to the question of fre^bank-
ing. I do not know that I shall make objec-
tion to free banking when specie payments are
absolutely and certainly restored beyond all
peradventure ; but it never ought to be ven-
tured upon before that time, andl am notsure
that it should then. Why? Because when
banking is free and everybody can bank that
desires to do so, the currency may be inflated
scores of millions before the country knows
scarcely anything about it. Now banks are
formed here and there; they throw out their
currency; the volume of it is increased; the
country is not advised of it; and the first intel-
ligence they get is from its influence on bnsi-
ness. That is one of the very evils I am argu-
ing against.
I know it is popular to talk about free bank-
ing and letting everybody go into it. Banking
is seductive. A great many people have the
idea that it is a very genteel business, and a
very easy business, and a very profitable busi-
ness ; and when you make banking free, for
the first two or three years there will be a great
rush into that business, and after two or three
years there will be a great rush out of it.
You will first have an inflation and then you
will have a contraction. 1 would a great deal
rather that the volume of bank currency should
be limited than to make it free, so that it may
be increased or diminished by the operation
of private individuals, and Congress and the
nation have no control over it. But if we have
free banking, it ought never to come until
specie payments are permanently established,
so that those banks shall absolutely redeem
their notes in coin and we shall have that secur-
ity against the inflation of the currency by the
increased issue of bank notes.
Now, I desire to call the attention of the
Senate to tbe amendment offered to this bill
by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thur.vian.]
He proposes to strike out "five per cent."
and insert " two per cent.," so that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall have the option
of redeeming the greenbacks in coin or in two
per cent, bonds as he pleases. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio think that would bring about
specie payments ? Does he believe that two
per cent, bonds will be at par in this country?
They will be when the rate of interest- is no
greater than that, and money is only worth
two per cent.; but that is not the case now.
The issuing of two per cent, bonds or author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to redeem
greenbacks in two per cent, bonds is making
no provision whatever for a return to specie
payments. If the issue of bonds in the re-
demption of_greenbacks is to be a means of
resuming specie payments, that bond must be
put at such a rate of interest as will make it
equal to par value in gold, so that when the
Secretary offers to the holder of the green-
backs a bond, that bond is equal in value to
the gold for which it is offered as a substitute.
Let me say one thingfurther, Mr. President.
If this proposed resumption of specie payments
is not to depend entirely, or almost "entirely,
upon the issue of five per cent, bonds, there
should be some provision for getting gold into
the Treasury in sufficient quantities to redeem
these notes. This bill makes no provision for
that. _ It does not provide for reserving the
gold in the Treasury until the time comes
when redemption shall begin. Now, what is
the amount of the gold in the Treasury ordin-
arily at the command of the Government for
this purpose ? I think about $50,000,000.
Mr. FENTON. Sixty-five millions.
Mr. MORTON. It is hardly that much, if
