106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 10,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Michigan desires the bill to conform to a pre-
vious amendment.
Mr. STOUGH TON. That is all.
There was no objection; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will consider
the bill before the House as phrased in that
way.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
this bill or one substantially like it has been
before the House several times. This bill was
pending in the morning hour at the adjourn-
ment of Congress in June last. The House at
that time had refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
I have had occasion more than once, since
1 became a member of the House, to oppose
some of the propositions contained in this bill.
So far as the first section is concerned, all
there is of merit in it I think is embodied in
the bill passed at the last session, a bill which
passed both the Senate and the House for the
purpose of enlarging the homestead law and
giving to the soldiers advantages under the law
which they did not previously enjoy. But
there are some things in this bill which I think
are so vicious and so far wrong that they ought
to meet with the opposition of every member
of this House. If there be any principle or
policy in reference to the public lands to which
the people are committed it is the homestead
law. 1 am heartily in favor of that law. I
have advocated it and defended it on every
proper occasion since I have been a member
of the House, and I am opposed to any meas-
ure which will have for its end the breaking
down of the homestead policy.
1 desire to call the attention of the House
for a moment to the bill passed at the last ses-
sion which had for its object the granting of
farther privileges to the sailors and soldiers on
the public lands. It provides in its first sec-
tion that every soldier or sailor who had served
in the Army or the Navy of the United States
and who desired to go upon the public lands
should be credited, as a part of the time of set-
tlement required by the homestead law, with
the time he had served in the Army or Navy.
It was, however, provided that in any case the
soldier or sailor desiring a homestead should
remain upon the land at least one year before
he should be entitled to a patent for the land.
It was also provided by that law that in case
of the death of the soldier or sailor the rights
and privileges granted by it should be enjoyed
by the widow, if he left a widow, or in case
of the death of the widow if he left children,
tue same right should accrue to the children
under the law. Now, it was thought by a
majority of the House that that was as far
as it was safe for Congress to go. Upon this
proposition the two Houses agreed ; and a
bill embodying those principles passed both
Houses almost without a dissenting vote,
passing the other branch of Congress I believe
unaiiimously and receiving a large majority
of the votes of this House.
By the bill now proposed by the Military
Committee it is provided that every soldier or
sailor shall be credited with the time he served
in the Army or Navy, as in the original bill.
Therefore so much of the bill is unnecessary.
It is provided further that the soldier or sailor
may have the right at any time to receive from
the Government of the United States a cer-
tiiicate showing that he is entitled to one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, and that at any
time within one year after the receipt of that
certificate he may assign it to whomsoever he
will. This, Mr. Speaker, is opening a new
door. It is not a provision for the soldier
himself to have a homestead. It is not enlarg-
ing his right, because his right now is enlarged
as much as it can be under the law, or as there
is any necessity for it. But it is opening the
door and giving opportunities and privileges
to those outside, those who are not soldiers or
sailors, who may buy up this scrip and locate
it in quantities of three hundred and twenty
acres to each assignee.
What, then, will be the practical operation
of this law if it should pass? A soldier or
sailor who has no desire to enter upon the
public lands will sell his certificate for what-
ever he can get for it. It may be for a sum
of five or ten or fifteen dollars ; it is not likely
to be more, for these certificates will be so
numerous that they would take up nearly all
the arable land now remaining for settlement.
They would sell for a mere fraction, for an
insignificant sum of money ; and the lands for
which the certificates would be thus sold and
bought up by speculators would be located by
them in quantities of three hundred and twenty
acres to the tract.
Now, under the original homestead law of
18(52, and its various amendments under the
law passed last session and approved on the
8th of June, under all these laws, liberal pro-
vision was made for the settler himself who
desired to go upon the land. But in no case
could he take an amount of land exceeding
one hundred and sixty acres; but here under
the provisions of this bill the assignee may
take three hundred and twenty acres, which
he may acquire for a merely nominal sum, a
sum perhaps not exceeding twenty-five dol-
lars ; and he may take these lands from others
who may desire at some future time to settle
them under the provisions of the homestead
law. I think therefore the bill is a vicious
one. It will not work good, but can only work
evil, for it gives no new benefit, no new
advantage to a man who desires to go upon
the land, but only opens the door and pro-
vides the means whereby the speculator may
come into the ownership and possession of
the land and take it away from the fnan who
ought to be entitled to it under the provisions
of the homestead law only.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the homestead law has
now been in operation for more than ten
years. That it is a wise, beneficent law will
be admitted by all parties in all sections of the
couutry. The public domain is being taken
up each year under its provisions. The law
itself invites settlement in the new States and
Territories. The lands acquired under the
provisions of the law are acquired by a good
title. There is no question about title under
it. Every citizen ot the United States who
will go into one of our new States or Territo-
ries may take up vacant and unoccupied lands
under its provisions, wherever they are to be
found. If we go on as we have done, under
the provisions of that law, we shall have no
difficulty; the lands will all be taken up by
actual settlers.
I am one of those, sir, who believe that the
law ought to be so amended that the public
lands cannot be acquired under or by virtue
of any law other than the homestead law. I
am in favor of the absolute repeal of the pre-
emption law. I believe that the public lands
ought not to be offered for sale, but should be
reserved for actual settlers.
It is proposed, however, by this bill to give
the soldiers and sailors something. It is
claimed by the friends of this bill that the sol-
diers are not satisfied with the law as it now
exists. I believe, sir, that the soldiers are
satisfied with the existing law. I believe that
those soldiers who really desire to enter upon
public lands at all are satisfied with the law
as it exists, because a more liberal law could
nor. possibly be passed in favor of those who
desire to enter upon public lands.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I desire with the
gentleman's permission to make one suggestion
at this point. There are a good many soldiers
in my district who have complained of the law
of last session because they say that it makes
an undue discrimination between those sol-
diers who wish to enter upon farming as an
occupation and those who do not desire to do
so ; in other words, it is not all soldiers who
desire to become farmers; those who live in
cities and are mechanics or are engaged in
other occupation there do not see why they
should not have some benefit from the pro-
posed bounty as well as those soldiers who
are able to go into farming. I merely make
this suggestion for the consideration of the
gentleman.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I am very
glad the gentleman from Missouri has made
that suggestion. I know it is one often made,
and that it is upon that suggestion that the
arguments of those who favor the provisions
of this bill are sustained as far as they can be
sustained. Now, suppose that in any of our
cities there are soldiers who say " We do not
want to go on the public lands ; we can do
better at home; but we ought to have the
benefit of an interest in the public lands to
the same extent as those of our fellows who
can go on the public lauds." That is the
idea, if I understand it.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. They look upon
the whole thing as a bounty to the soldiers.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. Yes, sir ; but
it is not so. The object of the Government
should be to procure the settlement of the
public lands. That is what the lands are for,
and how can the man in a city who cannot go
upon the public lands have the benefit of those
lands ? But it is said that to the man in a city
who does not want to go on the public lands
you can give a title to lands, a warrant, a cer-
tificate, or a patent to lands. If you do that,
where does it go? It goes into the hands of
speculators who take up the land and hold it
perhaps for five, ten, fifteen, or even thirty
years, as many of them now hold lands in the
western States ; so that the settlerdoes not get
the land at all. And what does the sfldier in
the city gain ? If you pass a law of the char-
acter suggested, the certificates issued would
cover about four hundred and fifty million
acres of land ; those issued for the soldiers
alone, without regard to the sailors who served
in the war, would reach that amount. The
gentleman from Missouri and every gentleman
here will see that such a certificate would be
utterly worthless to the soldier, because so
many of them would be placed on the market.
While the law remains as it now does, allow-
ing any man to go upon the public lands and
get it for nothing, how much would any man
pay for a certificate such as this?
If he actually wants land he will not buy a
certificate, because he can go upon this public
land and secure the necessary amount of land
for nothing. But if he wishes to speculate in
lands he will buy certificates and hold them
until the land becomes valuable and then com-
pel the settler to pay an enhanced price for the
land. Therefore the soldier who does not
want the land for himself is not benefited, and
the man who hereafter wants land will suffer
as will the country from the enhanced price
required by the speculator.
It seems to me that any gentleman who has
come from a western State, from any of the
new States, can readily see how such a law as
this would operate upon the public lands,
how soon under its operation titles would be-
come involved, so that it would be almost im-
possible to tell who had the title to it, or
where it was to be found. It breeds nothing
but litigation, evil, and wrong, and can pro-
duce nothing else.
For that reason I am opposed to the bill,
and I think it ought not to meet with the
approbation of this House. I know that it is
claimed, and that is the only claim made in
favor of this bill, that it will be a benefit to the
soldier. If I could myself see that such would
be the effect of it I would be willing to sup-
port the bill. I can, however, find nothing
in it, I have never been able to find anything
in it, which will be of benefit to the soldier.
I do not believe the soldiers of this country
ask for the passage of this bill. The claim
agents all over the country wish the bill to
pass ; 'hose who desire io speculate in western
