1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
lands and keep them from settlers may be in
favor ot' such a bill as this. But every man
who wants to take up lands to make a home of
his own imist be opposed to such a bill as this,
because it will narrow the area from which
those homesteads are to be taken.
1 would recommend the policy of leaving
the whole pulic domain open to settlement
under the various homestead acts, that of 1862
and its amendments, and the soldiers, and sail-
ors' homestead law which we passed at the
last session. It was upon my motion that
the last named bill passed the House. I think
it was a wise and just law; it discriminated
in favor of the soldier and the sailor. It said
to them, if you served your country during the
late war for one year, we will require you to
remain upon the public land but tour years in
order to secure a homestead; if you served
for three years, then you will be required to
remain on the land for two years only to
secure your homestead; if you served four
years or more, then you shall remain on the
land for one year. That was required be-
cause it was thought best not to abandon the
homestead policy, but that in every case the
man must go upon the land and make it his
home, thus becoming a resident and an actual
settler.
I am opposed to any policy that in any
measure or in any degree yields up the home-
stead principle. I was in favor of the law
which discriminated in favor of the soldier
and sailor, and credited him with the time
that he served during the war. But I am
opposed to going any further. I hope the
House will not pass this bill, or any bill like
it. but that they will stand by the laws already
passed.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask a question right here?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. What objection is there,
if any, to allowing a soldier to put his assignee
in the same situation precisely that he himself
occupies, to allowing his assignee to have the
benefit of his period of service?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I will answer
the gentleman. He desires to know why the
assignee should not be placed in the same
position as the soldier. We passed a law at
the last session of Congress discriminating in
favor of the soldier or sailor who wanted land
for actual settlement. Now, I have already
said that if these certificates or warrants are
to be issued they will be nearly worthless. I
venture to say that if certificates or warrants
be issued to the amount of one hundred and
sixty acres to each soldier or sailor in the late
war there would be left scarcely any of the
public land worth settling. To give each one
one hundred and sixty acres it would require
more than four hundred and fifty million acres
of land, and would cover nearly all the remain-
ing arable lands, as is shown by the reports of
the Commissioner of the Land Office.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not know that I
have expressed precisely what I mean.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I understand
the question, and will answer it. The certifi-
cates will sell for a mere trifle and the assignee
into whose hands they may go will avail him-
self of the benefits of the law intended to ben-
efit the soldier. I am opposed to yielding at
all the principle of the homestead law except
in favor of the soldier himself when he comes
to settle the land.
Mr. DONNAN. Why does the gentleman
say that this bill yields the principlepf the home- ;
stead law, when it provides that actual settle-
ment shall follow the assignment of the certifi-
cate to the citizen ? ;
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I will answer
the gentleman. 1 say that the principle of the '
homestead law as passed in 18(>2 ought not in
any case to be yielded except for good cause.
I think that in the case of the man who has
actually served as a soldier or sailor of the
United States there is sufficient reason for ,,
crediting him personally with the time so
served, thus discriminating in his favor ; but
[ would not extend such discrimination in
favor of the land agent or anybody else who
may buy a certificate.
Mr, DONNAN. The discrimination which
the gentleman advocates ia in fact in favor of
about one twentieth only of those who served
in the Army or Navy.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. Further, the
soldier or citizen who wants to settle lands
can, under the homestead law, occupy only
one hundred and sixty acres, but by the pro-
visions of this bill as originally reported by
the Committee on Military Affairs these sol-
diers might sell their certificates, and one
person might buy four of them, thus securing
a whole section of land which he could settle.
One person might buy certificates for six hun-
dred and forty acres of land, paying perhaps
twenty dollars for them, then he could go upon
the land, reside a year, and get a patent for
the six hundred and forty acres. In that
respect the bill is now modified. The gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Stoughton] asked
leave when the bill came up this morning to
modify it so as to provide that the assignee of
these certificates shall take only three hundred
and twenty acres, a half section instead of a
whole section. Now, how does this case
stand ? The man who for a mere trifle may
buy two certificates can go upon a half section
of land, and at the end of one year acquire a
patent for that half section, while neither the
soldier himself nor any other person under any
existing law can take more than one hundred
and sixty acres. There can be no justice, no
fairne^fc in such a discrimination.
Further, it is provided by this bill that the sol-
diershall neveratany future day avail himself
of the benefits of the homestead act. You
offer every inducement you can to claim agents,
to land sharks, to men who speculate in lands,
to buy up these certificates and hold them,
not only against soldiers, but settlers of every
class and condition in the country.
The soldier who is living to-day in a city, as
suggested a moment ago by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Finkelnbubo,] may say: "I
shall never want to go upon the public lands ;
I will sell my certificate for five dollars, if that
is all I can get. I,will secure what I can un-
der the provisions of this law." But when he
takes the five dollars, and assigns his certi-
ficate to a land speculator, his right under the
homestead law is gone forever.
Who will tell me this is wise legislation ?
Why should we not stand by the policy we
have established in reference to the settlement
of the public lands? I would go further per-
haps than the law now goes ; and a bill which I
have now pending in the House, and which I
hope to call up at an early day, provides that
.hereafter the public lands shall only be dis-
posed of under the homestead law of 1802
and its various amendments, together with the
soldiers' homestead law passed at the last
session. I think the public lands ought to be
disposed of under those laws and none other.
We ought to repeal the preemption laws ; we
ought to cease to advertise the public lands for
sale to the highest bidder. We ought to ap-
propriate the iands simply and only to the men
who want to occupy them. It is not our policy
to give lands to a man who does not want to
occupy them, because if you give them to him
he either holds them to speculate upon or sells
them to some one else. But if you leave the
lands open there are plenty of lands in the
country for every" man, and there will be for
many, many years to come. If you will cease
granting lands to great corporations, and hold
them to be disposed of under these just laws
to which I have referred, I am sure you will
take the wisest and best course, that which
will meet with the approbation of the people
of this great country.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I believe I have said all
I desired on this bill. I have endeavored to
call attention to what I believed to be its de-
fects. I believe it ought not to pass. I hope
the House will vote it down.
Mr. TAFFE. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois a question.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I believe it is the
understanding I am to have the floor as soon
as the gentleman from Illinois has concluded
his speech.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I have no ob-
jection to answering the question of the gen-
tleman from Nebraska.
Mr. TAFFE. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Illinois whether, under the third section
of this bill, in the proviso, if the party die dur-
ing service the heirs can hold title to the land
without cultivation or occupation at all? Is
it not in fact a bounty land warrant issue, and
virtually a repeal of the homestead law, which
will plaster over the whole western country
with these land warrants, and leave it for a
long time a desert, as it is now, without being
opened up to settlement? If it does not mean
that I do not know what it means.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I have not
examined carefully the third section of the
bill, and I am not prepared to say what will
be the effect of it.
Mr. STOUGHTON. Mr. Speaker, the
policy of this bill is no new policy. Congress
has repeatedly made land grants to the sol-
diers of the Republic. The acts of May 6,
1812, and of April 16, 1816, gave valuable
rights to soldiers of the revolutionary war
and of the war of 1812 who served out their
term of enlistment. The act of September 28,
1850, made generous provision for soldiers of
the Mexican and all former wars; and these
acts were still further extended by the acts of
March 22, 1852, and of March 3, 1855.
Is there any reason for the abandonment of
this wise and judicious policy? I think not.
We have passed through a great war, requiring
as much fortitude and devotion as any war this
country has ever seen, and I insist that what
has been done for the soldiers of former wars
ought substantially to be done for the soldiers
of the war for the suppression of the rebellion.
A careful analysis of this bill will show chat
the objections urged ag*i nst it have no real
foundation.
The bill provides that every honorably dis-
charged soldier and seaman may enter one
hundred and sixty acres of the public land,
subject to certain conditions. This country is
to a certain extent committed to the so called
homestead law, and this bill in conformity to
the general principles of that policy provides,
first, that the soldier shall have one year after
the entry of the land to commence his settle-
ment and improvement. The object of this
policy is obvious. It will require some time
to settle up his affairs at home preparatory to
a permanent settlement elsewhere or to dispose
of his right to some other actual settler.
It is to be observed that this bill does not give
away one*nngle acre of land except to an actual
settler, either the soldierhimself or his assignee.
The man who holds under a soldier's certifi-
cate must settle and improve the land. In
every case provision is made for settlement
and improvement of the public land as thor-
oughly and as perfectly as under the homestead
law. It may perhaps be.asked, and the inquiry
has already been made, why limit the time for
settlement and improvement to one year? The
answer is, and I give my friend from Illinois
the full benefit of it, that during this period
the land is withdrawn from other entry or set-
tlement, but at the expiration of that timethere
will be a permanent settler upon the land or
it will revert to the Government.
The second proviso relates to the soldier's
actual term of service in the Army. This is
to be deducted from the time neiessary to per-
fect a title under the homestead law. It now
requires five years to obtain a title as a home-
stead settler. It is proposed to allow the time
the soldier served in the Army to be deducted
