1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1071
I recollect rightly. There is ordinarily about
$100,000,000 of gold in the Treasury, but
about one half of that amount is gold depos-
ited for which the Government has issued cer-
tificates of deposit, and which the Government
cannot use with any degree of safety. We
know what the bill was passed for, to enable
men to deposit their golcfsafely a,nd'thus keep
it in the country, and give them certificates
of deposit for it; an operation by which the
Government was to get no advantage except
that of keeping the gold in the country.
Therefore, the Government cannot use the
gold that is deposited and for which certifi-
cates are out. That leaves about $50,000,000
in the Treasury to be used for this purpose,
and if it is all drawn out for this purpose, then
there is no gold balance in the Treasury, as
there must be for the ordinary safety of the
Treasury Department.
Mr. FENTON. With the permission of
the Senator, I will state the amount of gold
held by the Treasury. It appears by the table
that I hold in my hand, which I have examined
and am satisfied of the correctness of, that
there was of gold held in the public Treasury,
exclusive of coin which was held as public
deposits, in 1871, an average of $75,700,000;
for 1872, averaging the year ending' the 31st of
December last, $63,000,000 in round numbers.
Mr. MORTON. It is a little larger than I
bad supposed; but lhat does not materially
affect my argument, I think.
Mr. FENTON. No.
Mr. MORTON. If we are to begin the re-
demption of these notes in eleven months from
this time, there ought to be such a reserve of
gold as will enable the Government to go along
safely at least for a time until the first effect
of it is over; and how are you to have that
reserve? By refusing to sell the gold as it is
done now; but if you refuse to sell the gold,
then for the time being you stop the redemp-
tion of the public debt. So lhat, it seems to
me, if this work is to be undertaken in the
manner prescribed, there ought to be some
further provision that there may be such an
amount of gold in the Treasury as will enable
the Government to start out safely in this
undertaking.
In conclusion, Mr. President, I desire to
make this suggestion: this thing is too sud-
den. It ought to be more gradual. I do
believe that it will greatly endanger the busi-
ness of this country, increasing the value of
all private debts twelve per cent, in one year.
Adding twelve per cent, to the difficulty of the
payment of debts in one year is too great and too
sudden a change. It ought to be two or three
years at least. Let it come around gradually, so
that it may be safe, and that it may give to the
business of the country no shock. The passage
of this bill will unquestionably make a con-
traction of the currency, at least for a time.
I say at least for a time ; but whether it docs
or not, there is the possibility of it, and my
friend from Rhode Island will tell me that the
possibility of it in the commercial mind is
almost equal to the result.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The same.
Mr. MORTON. The same. There is the
possibility of it, and the commercial men of
this country will be totally uncertain as to the
volume of the circulation one month, two
months, or six months hence. They will not
know what to rely upon, and this very want
of confidence will work the most dangerous
results. Now, Mr. President, we are getting
along very well. Never in my judgment did
we get along so well as we have been during
the last four years. Let well enough alone.
Until things get worse or there is a prospect
of their getting worse, let them alone. The
country is now so prosperous that we can
hardly afford to tamper with the instruments
of that prospeiity. We ought to be very cer-
tain that we are right before we do it. We
ought to do nothing in regard to the finances,
the probable or even the possible consequences
of which we cannot foresee. If we are to
have a return to specie payments, let it be
much more gradual than this bill proposes.
The period ought not to be less than two
years, and probably it would be better to have
it three years, and then everybody can pre-
pare for it; but a change of twelve per cent,
in the current value of property, in the value
of debts, in the difficulties of payment in the
short period of eleven months, is entirely too
great.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I should prefer to
postpone any remarks that I have to make on
this question until I can propose an amend-
ment, which I think will obviate some of the
objections that have been made by some of
the honorable Senators who have participated
in this debate; but there are some questions
which have been propounded here and some
statements which have been made that it ap-
pears to me should not escape attention now.
It has been declared that if this bill
passes the public indebtedness will be very
much increased. It is not worth while to
close our eyes against the truth. We may
look if we will and consider how far the pub-
lic debt will be increased if this bill shall pass.
In my judgment it will be increased, accord-
ing to the statement of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Thubman,] so far as this Government
shall pay interest on the funded debt, but that
cannot be to the extent which he claims. All
the legal-tender notes are not to be put into
five per cent, bonds at once. Therefore, the
increase of indebtedness cannot be as great
as he anticipates.
There is another way in which the public
debt may be increased if this bill shall become
a law, and that is that the bill gives authority
to the Secretary of the Treasury to purchase
the public debt. It does not limit him in the
amount which he may pay, and, therefore,
without a limit, he may possibly give an obli-
gation which shall bind the Government to
pay more at a future day than it owes to-day,
and that would be an increase of the public
debt.
But I wish to say a word in reply to the
Senator from Indiana, the Senator from Dela-
ware, and the Senator from Ohio, ail of whom
made one and the same statement, which was
in substance that when you give the Secretary
of the Treasury power to reissue this money,
aside from the exceptions which I have named,
you give him authority to increase the public
debt; and it was illustrated in this manner, if
I remember aright, by each one of them, and
a threefold cord like that which has been
twisted on this subject is not easily broken.
The statement was that when you presented
one thousand dollars or more in legal-tender
notes, and the Secretary of the Treasury issued
bonds for them, he was at liberty to reissue
those notes, and the next day they would, be
returned and new notes demanded, and then
again the third day, and so this movement
could be carried on indefinitely. Do I not
state it right?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Let me say to these
honorable Senators that when the Secretary of
the Treasury issues his bonds in exchange for
legal-tender notes, he only gives one obliga-
tion for another, and when he shall have the
notes in his hands and he shall be called upon
to pay them out the next day, for what can he
pay them? Only for the public debt, and a
reissuing of them does not increase the public
obligations. Why, sir, if I owe you a thousand
dollars and you come to me for the money and
1 do not happen to have it and I give you my
note, have I increased my indebtedness ? Not
at all; and it is precisely so when the Secre-
tary of the Treasury gives a note or a bond for
another obligation. It is merely an exchange
of obligations.
Let me say another thiug. The Secretary
of the Treasury will be authorized under this
bill to issue currency for the purpose of pay-
ing the public debt., What is the public debt ?
Obligations which this Government owes to
this Senate, for mstahce, as part of the legis-
lative expenses. Now, suppose we go as a
body and obtain of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury our pay in legal-tender notes, but we do
not want those, we want something better,
and to-morrow we combine our pay and send
it to the Secretary and ask him to give ue
boads, and he does so; he has not increased
the public debt; he has issued new bonds;
and though we may go the next day and ex-
change bonds for notes, and he may issue them
again repeatedly, it is only a change of debt,
and not an increase. I say that all three of
these Senators are mistaken in their position.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator per-
mit me to ask him a question?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAULSBURY. While it may be true
that he has not increased the volume of the
debt, has there not been an increase of the
interest-bearing debt by the exchange of the
greenbacks for bonds bearing interest?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I stated at first that
that was a point where the debt might be
increased. The Senator is correct about that.
I will not comment further upon this ques-
tion, but after the Senate shall have voted
upon the amendment which is now under con-
sideration, I shall hope to have an opportunity
to propose an amendment which shall take
from the Secretary of the Treasury this power,
and which shall leave him thepowerto increase
or diminish the circulation according to the
demands of the business interests of the coun-
try.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nye
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thurman] to strike out the word "five" and
insert the word "two."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Obviously
the proposition of the Senator from Ohio is
intended to defeat the whole bill, and there-
fore those who shall vote for it will vote for it
with a view of killing the bill. The chief point
in the bill is to have something that will be
better than the present legal tender, and a two
per cent, bond or a two per cent, certificate
would hardly be better than the present green-
backs. The amendment would destroy the
symmetry of the bill so far as the five per cent,
bonds are concerned which it is proposed to
issue in order to have a uniformity of bonds
that may be issued in the new series. I trust,
therefore, that the amendment will not pre-
vail. I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ames, Cole Cooper, Johnston,
Kelly, Ramsey, Hansom, Sprague. Thurman, Trum-
bull, and Windom—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Buckingham, Conkling, Cragin, Davis, Fonton,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite,
Hamlin, Hill, Machen. Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Schurz, Scott, Sherman. Stevenson, Stockton, Vick-
ers, West. Wilson, and Wright—31.
ABSENT —Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter. Casserly. Chandler, Clayton,
Corbett, Edmunds. Perry of Connecticut, Erehng-
huysen, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis, Logan, Norwood,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Rice, Saw-
yer, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, and Tipton—31.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I now move to
amend the amendment of the committee in
section one, line nineteen, by striking out the
words " to the same amount either to pur-
chase or redeem the public debt or," and in-
serting after the word "service," in line twenty-
one, the words " and the principal of any
United States bonds bearing interest payable
in coin shall, on demand by the holder thereof,
be paid by the Secretary of the Treasury in
legal-tender notes and the interest thereon in
coin so that, the clause will read:
And the Secretary of the Treasury may reissue
the United States notes so leeeived.or, if thev are
