2032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
the Government before the -war of the rebellion was
begun, I cannot think that it is right that these
claimants should bo still kept out of their compen-
sation because they wanted the moral and physical
courage to face a furious mob, or to undergo a State
trial for treason.
I do, therefore, most earnestly recommend that
the Department take into consideration the expe-
diency and the propriety of laying before Congress
the case of these eight hundred and eighty-four
claimants, and of urging upon that body such legis-
lation as will authorize their payment.
I have the honer to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, j,\ a. WALKER,
Superintendent.
Was there ever a stronger recommendation
of the absolute justice of a claim presented to
the consideration of Congress? Why should
it not be paid ? The House of Representatives
passed a bill with great unanimity paying this
claim. They did that at the present session,
and I believe they bad done it before 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a question of
order. My point of order is that the Senator
from Kentucky has no right to persuade us to
go for this measure because the House of
Representatives has done so, as he says.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
Mr. STEVENSON. I would not under-
take to persuade fhe Senator from Vermont
of anything. I was answering the gentleman's
question to show that this claim had not been
put on by any claim agent. I only referred
to what I had a right to refer to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator is overruled
on that by the Chair.
Mr. STEVENSON. I suppose I have a
right to be heard.
Mr. EDMUNDS. To be heard in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustained the point of order made by the Sen-
ator from Vermont that the Senator had no
right to allude to the proceedings of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. STEVENSON. If the Chair decides
that I have not a right to refer to what took
place there as it appears in the Globe, I appeal
from his decision; and I await the decision of
the Chair upon that point. If my lips are to
be silent in regard to what occurs in this build-
ing and is daily brought before this Congress
in this reported record of its proceedings, I
submit; but I want the rule settled authorita-
tively, and hence I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state to the Senator from Kentucky that no
Senator has a right to appeal to the proceed-
ings of the coordinate branch of the legislative
department of the Government for the pur-
Eose of influencing the action of this body;
e has no right to refer to the House of Rep-
resentatives to influence legislation now pend-
ing before this body. That was the point of
order made by the Senator from Vermont, and
upon that the Chair ruled that the point of
order was sustained. Now if the Senator
from Kentucky refers to proceedings in the
House with the purpose of persuading Sen-
ators here, the Chair certainly will still rule
that he is out of order. If the Senator appeals
from that decision, the Chair will state the
appeal.
Mr. STEVENSON. Neither the Chair nor
the Senator from Vermont has any right to de-
duce what my motives are; they belong to
me. If I have the right of free speech, I have
the right to refer to what appears in the Globe,
and I now ask the Chair to decide whether I
can refer to debates which appear in the Globe
as having occurred in the House of Repre-
sentatives and to a vote of the House.
Mr. TRUMPSULL. If there is to be an ap-
peal, I should like to know exactly what the
words excepted to were that the Senator was
decided to be out of order in referring to what
he said. I was not paying attention.
Mr. STEVENSON. I stated that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill to pay
this claim ; that was all I said.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no.
Mr. STEVENSON. Well, what was it ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator went on to
say that the House of Representatives had
considered it and had passed it with a great deal
of unanimity, and that they had had it long
under consideration,.and so on. The words
can be reported from the desk.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let the words be re-
ported. I did state that the House had passed
it with a great deal of unanimity, and the vote
shows it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will read the rule in Jefferson's Manual that
will perhaps throw light on the subject:
" It is a broach of order in debate to notice what
has been saiil on th e same subject in tho other House,
or tho particular votes or majorities on it there; be-
cause the opinion of each House should bo left to
its own independency not to be influenced by the
proceedings of the others and tho quoting them
might beget reflections leading to a misunderstand-
ing between the two Houses."—8 Grey, 22.
The Chair understood the Senator from Ver-
mont to take exception to the expressions of
the Senator from Kentucky referring to pro-
ceedings in the House pertaining to this mea-
sure, showing the temper of the House in re-
lation to it, with a view of affecting legislation
here. So the Chair understood and upon that
he ruled.
Mr. STEVENSON. I had no motive for
referring to it in that view, nor did I quote it
as part of my argument. It was drawn out by
the question of the Senator from Minnesota.
Now, I merely wish to say, without prolonging
the debate, that I referred to the passage of
this act by the House of Representatives 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Kentucky now
to state, in the absence of the reading of his
exact words, that ho merely referred to the
fact of the passage of the act. The Chair will
not sustain a point of order made upon that.
Mr. STEVENSON. It does seem to me, to
go back to what I was stating, that this is a
debt due by the United States to men who
performed a service for this Government prior
to the year 1861. That service was performed,
and it would have been paid at the time except
for the requirement that the returns should be
compared. Pending that, the war broke out.
Since that period we have cast a sort of ob-
livion over the transactions of the war; a bet-
ter feeling has come in with the restoration of
the southern States, and I trust increased love
of the Government. I ask now can there be
a more proper time for this, can there be a
more just claim, and will the Senate refuse to
pay it ?
Mr. WINDOM. I did not hear the discus-
sion before the Senate last night on this ques-
tion, and was not aware of the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Interior just read by the Senator
from Kentucky. That letter proves, however,
that the suspicions which I suggested were cor-
rect; that there was some law that stood in the
way and that the parties making these claims
were prevented from collecting them on account
of their inability to prove that they had not par-
ticipated in the rebellion.
I am not prepared to say that I would not
vote to pay these men although they may have
participated in the rebellion since the service
was rendered; but I submit this point to the
Senate. This is nothing more nor less than a
private claim. It is a private claim which,
taking into consideration the circumstances
mentioned by the Senator from Kentucky,ought
to be more fully investigated than can be done
under such circumstances as these by which we
are surrounded. There is in my judgment no
more reason for inserting this private claim in
an appropriation bill than there is for the in-
sertion of any one of the five hundred other
claims before tho committee who have such
subjects under consideration.
There is another objection to this amend
ment: it is without limitation; the Senate
knows nothing of the number of claimants; it
knows nothing of the amount of these claims.
It does seem to me that in passing on an appro-
priation bill in the hurried hours of the closing
days of the session we should not act upon a
measure of this kind.
I will reserve the question as to whether I
ought to vote for this claim when it comes
properly before us till that time; but I insist
that the Senate should now reconsider its
action and strike it from this bill.
The Senator from Kentucky tells us that
none of these claims have been assigned. Then
why has he included in the amendment the
words " their assigns?" It seems that the
appropriation which I complaiu of expressly
provides for paying the assigns of these par-
ties, and I very strongly suspect that the
information given to me upon which I make
this motion is correct, that a large number of
these claims, if not in the State of my honor-
able friend who has just spoken in other States
of the Union, have been assigned to parties
who are interested in pressing through this
amendment.
I hope the Senate will take time to consider
it, and in the future, upon full consideration,
upon investigation by a committee charged
with that duty, we may be able to act intelli-
gently on this subject.
Mr. COLE. I know the Senate will indulge
me in calling attention to the fact that it is
necessary that this bill shall be disposed of
without much further delay. I did not expect
when it was taken up this afternoon that it
would occupy the attention of the Senate so
long as it has. I had not the least idea but
that it could be disposed of within a few min-
utes, or half an hour at the utmost. We are
now approaching the time for a recess this
afternoon, and the bill ought to be in the
hands of the engrossing clerks while we are in
recess, in order that it may go to the House
of Representatives, receive action there, and
so continue on in the process necessary for its
completion.
Now, Mr. President, let me remind Senators
that there are quite a number of bills undis
posed of besides this. The deficiency bill has
to be acted upon yet, and the river and harbor
bill is ready and awaiting action, and really
that bill ought to be disposed of before we
adjourn this day. I hope we may take the vote
on this motion to reconsider, without further
debate, and vote upon this and every other
proposition without unnecessary discussion.
We are getting into the very last hours of
the session; the last hours ought to be for
work, and I hope we may see the necessity of
working and not talking.
Mr. LOGAN. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions a question merely to satisfy my own
mind in reference to the propriety of this
thing. My question is whether the putting in
of this amendment will not indorse the prin-
ciple of giving full pay to members of Con-
gress who withdrew and went into the rebel-
lion ? Will they not be entitled to pay for the
residue of their term on the same principle
with these gentlemen who are to be paid for
that which they did not complete ? They did
not do the service because the returns were
never compared.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Illinois is a
lawyer, and a good lawyer, and can give inter-
pretation to the language embodied in the
amendment as well as I can. I do not know
whether the interpretation he alludes to is
correct or not any more than he does.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I regret, under the great
pressure of business that is upon us, that I
should feel it my duty to submit some remarks
upon this subject very briefly.
I ask whether the Congress of the United
States at this period can afford to do that
which it is now proposed to do by my distin-
guished friend from Minnesota, reconsider this
vote and refuse to pay this pittance. He says
that with all the information which has been
given him he is not able to arrive at the great
