1072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
canceled, may issue United States notes to meet
the current payments of the public service; and the
principal of any United States bonds bearing inter-
est payable in coin shall, on demand by the holder
thereof, be paid by the Secretary of the Treasury
in legal-tender notes and the interest thereon in
«oin,
I have but a very few words to say oil this
amendment, because I have presented my
ideas on the question of this amendment to
the Senate before. The first part of this sec-
tion requires the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue bonds when they are demanded by men
holding currency to the amount of $1,000.
That is a contraction of the currency ; it is a
funding of a portion of the public debt. Now,
my judgment is that while there should be
contraction or the power of contraction, there
should also be ability to expaud; and this
amendment proposes that whenever men have
bonds, and they want currency more than they
want bonds bearing interest, they shall have
the privilege of going to the Treasury and
©btamingcurreney. Itisaninterchangeability
between coin and bonds and between bonds
and coin.
Let me illustrate the necessity for it._ Sup-
pose yon, sir, are a manufacturer, and in your
prosperity you find that you have an accumu-
lation of capital which you do not need; what
shall yon do with it? If you can turn it into
United States bonds bearing a low rate of
interest and be sure that you can reconvert
those bonds into currency again, you would
take this part of your capital which you do
not need to-day and go to the Treasury and
get your bonds. But in the prosecution of
your business you find that your sales are not
as rapid as they have been ; you find your ne-
cessities for currency increasing; and it may
be that when pay-day comes, you will require
at least $10,000 to pay your workmen. Can
you pay them in bonds ? No, sir; you cannot
subdivide your bonds so as to meet the neces-
sities of each one of your creditors—creditors
in consequence of the labor which they have
performed for you. You want the privilege
of obtaining something with which you can
meet those obligations. This amendment
gives you just that opportunity, and I think it
gives you not only that opportunity, but will
meet every similar case in every kind of busi-
ness which men may prosecute.
The amendment proposes to strike out of
the bill that authority which gives the Secre-
tary of the Treasury discretion to purchase or
redeem the public debt. I do not hesitate to
say that I have entire confidence in the integ-
rity of the honorable Secretary of the Treas-
ury. There is no man at the head of any
Department of thiB Government with whom I
would intrust money uncounted sooner than I
would with the honorable Secretary of the
Treasury, but I take the ground of my hon-
ored friend from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] that it
is neither wise nor safe to allow any public
officer such discretion as this. He should be
restrained by law, and that which is left unre-
strained should be the demands of business
and not the caprice of the honorable Sec-
retary. He might yield to all the necessities
of business, and while I have confidence in
him, I may not have as much confidence in
lus successor; and, therefore, I would not
intrust any man occupying that position with
that power. This amendment takes it from
him, or rather doe3 not give it to him.
I havevery little more to say, but I should
be glad, if I eould, to impress upon the Senate
views somewhat different from those enter-
tained by my honorable friend from Indiana.
We have heard an elastic currency advocated
on this floor ever since I came into the Senate.
I have believed that it was important to have
such a currency, and I believe it to-day, for
experience and observation have shown me
that there are seasons when, by the limit of
your laws which restrain bank circulation, the
business of this country has been paralyzed;
it has been pressed against a wall which noth-
ing could overcome. Now, I say if that can
be avoided it should be, and 1 feel that this
amendment to this bill, if it shall be carried,
will give every man the means and opportun
ity to extend that which will accommodate
him and meet his necessities. But under the
present system, and under the system of bank-
ing as it has been carried on by our State
institutions, there have been circumstances in
which no amount of security could get a dollar
to relieve a man from protest and from bank-
ruptcy. That should not be if it can be
avoided. I think this will tend in that direc-
tion, and therefore, as I have advocated any-
thing which will produce prosperity to this
great people, I advocate sincerely and earn-
estly this amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, obtained the
floor.
Mr. FENTON. If ray friend from Vermont
will give way I should like to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A further
amendment is not now in order. The pend
ing amendment is an amendment to an amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, the proposition submitted by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut is not entirely new to
the Senate. So far as its practical operation
would go it would not advance us a single
step in the resumption of specie payments.
It would give as much opportunity for going
backward as for going forward. The object
to be obtained, as stated by the Senator from
Connecticut, is to enable a manufacturer who
finds he wants more currency to go to the
Treasury Department and exchange bonds for
it. Let me say to the Senator from Connec-
ticut that any man who has bonds to give for
security can obtain money in any quarter of
our country at one, two, three, and four per
cent, less than anybody else. There is abso-
lutely no difficulty whatever for a man who has
bonds to give as security in obtaining money.
But then again how would this proposition
practically operate ? I think the bulls of Wall
street would say " God bless the man who put
such an idea as that in the statute." When-
ever they wanted to bull the market with three
or four or ten millions of additional currency
they would have the means at command by
which they could present the requisite amount
of bonds to the Treasury Department and get
the currency. That class is about the only
class that would make any considerable use
of this provision probably, for the bonds that
are held in this country are held for invest
ment; they are not held to trade upon. The
bonds that are held by the banks must be kept
for the security of their bills. The other bonds
that are held by private individuals are not for
the purpose of swapping them off to-day for
currency and to-morrow putting them back
again into bonds. Then the great evil would
exist of placing it in the power of those who
wanted to bull the stock markets of the world
by flooding the country with an' unusual and
an uncalled for amount of currency. The
business community do not care anything
about these matters. They want the currency
to be kept in a normal condition, so that they
can base their calculations upon the condition
of affairs to-day, thirty days hence, ninety days
hence. They do not want to be overturned by
a change in the money market, a stringency
to-day and a plethora to-morrow. Therefore,
Mr. President, it strikes me that the amend-
ment, offered as it is in entire good faith by
the Senator from Connecticut, is one of the
most mischievous that could possibly be in-
corporated into a bill of this kind.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, I ask the
consent of the Senate, if agreeable to the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, who
reported this bill, to consider the amendment
of the Committee on Finance as the bill before
the Senate. I think there will be no objection
to that. Let it be considered in lieu of the
text of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. If other Senators do not
object I have no objection.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I did not hear the
proposition. ....
Mr. FENTON. My proposition is that the
amendment of the Committee on Finance be
considered as the original bill before the Senate,
so that I may offer an amendment to the Sen-
ator's amendment.  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
any objection to the proposition of the Senator
from New York? The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and that course will be taken.
Mr. FENTON. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Connecticut
by adding: ' '
Provided, That twenty per cent, of the notes so
received for the said bonds shall be retained a.ad
permanently retired from circulation: Provided
also, That said twenty per cent, shall not exceed in
the aggregate the sum of $3,000,000 a month,
One word only, Mr. President. This bill,
with the amendment of my friend from Con-
necticut, ignores the vital consideration in the
work of resuming specie payments. Senators
do not seem to have in view that the value of
currency depends upon its volume and the
value is determined by its exchangeability into
coin. Believing, then, that it is impossible
within any reasonable period to reach specie
payments and maintain them without a mod-
erate reduction of the currency of the country,
I have offered this amendment in good faith
to that end. This amendment incorporated
into the bill, with the postponement of the
period when it will take effect, as suggested by
the honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton,] it would doubtless in time accom-
plish the work of resumption which we all so
much desire.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, I have fol-
lowed this debate with a good deal of atten-
tion, and I discover that the further we go the
oftener we strike upon rocks. The Senator
from Connecticut offered an amendment which
is to obviate a great danger, consisting in
the discretion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to flood the market with currency when-
ever currency has accumulated in the Treas-
ury of the United States—the same topic to
which I took the liberty of calling attention
yesterday.
The Senator from Vermont sees in the
amendment offered by the Senator from Con-
necticut another danger, which consists in
putting it into the power of Wall street specu-
lators to empty the Treasury of greenbacks
aud to use them for their own speculative
purposes.
I think both these difficulties exist; but there
seems to be still another one which affects the
whole system as designed by the author of this
bill, the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Finance. If I understand him correctly,
he wants to bring us back to specie payments,
an object in which I sincerely sympathize with
him. In his speech he described to us the
dangers and inconveniences arising from irreg-
ular fluctuations of value. His aim and object
is very laudable indeed. The bill provides that
on the 1st of January, 1874, you or I may go to
the Treasury of the United States and present
legal tenders there and receive coin in return.
That is specie payments. It will also put gold
and silver into circulation again. But the bill
provides also that when the gold in the Treas-
ury is exhausted, or when the Secretary of the
Treasury deems it wise not to redeem in gold
any longer, he may use the interest-bearing
securities of the United States and may re-
deem the legal tenders with bonds. That, if
I may say so, is no longer specie payments,
but that is a suspension of specie payments
again, is it not? The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance nods assent; he has said
so in his opening speech. In fact the whole
bill seems to have been devised to institute
specie payments, but at the same lime 10 pro-
