1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amount involved and as to who the true owners
are. He might have informed himself very
readily, and in his great vigilance he generally
does, and when he presents himself before
the Senate he understands himself, but on this
occasion be is at fault, as he says.
Mr. WINDOM. The Senator has doubtless
obtained that information. Will he tell us
how much it is ?
Mr. FLANAGAN. I can give the inform-
ation very readily, and I am glad to have an
opportunity to do it, and you will see you are
entirely at fault. If you would go to the De-
partment, every individual name is there and
every fraction of a cent is put down. The
claims are small in amount; they are few in
number; they are not that description of
claims that are hawked about, so tbat generally
the original claimants arc yet in possession of
them. They are in the hands of the original
parties who earned the money by their labor
before secession was brought about. They do
not either pertain to the line suggested by my
distinguished friend from Illinois ; the case has
nothing to do with members who once had
seats npon the floor of Congress.
These are simply deputy marshals of the
respective States that, unfortunately as I hold,
went into rebellion. Some of them were Union
men, perhaps, but what have you done with
those men who went into the rebellion?
Have you not voted them relief? .Have you
not wiped out the disabilities that were placed
upon them, thereby enabling them, by recog-
nizing them when they come here with the
proper documents from their respective States
to take their seats as peers with you ? Can you
afford to single out an individual representa-
tive from any of the States in this Union after
he comes here, and say: "Notwithstanding
you are my peer, the mere pittance that you
have earned and that the Government of the
United States owes you, is withheld from you
because you once did that which the law did
not recognize?" That is being wiped out
every day.
I cast no reflection on the distinguished
Judiciary Committee or the chairman here
who has carefully investigated the subject,
because their report was the law. You very
well know it was the law; but we propose to
modify the law so that this payment can be
made for services actually rendered before
secession occurred. Many of these parties, it
is true, went into the rebellion. One of them
is a friend and constituent of mine, whom I
have especially in mind. He is a good man
who went into the confederate army and
fought there as a major and was badly wound-
ed—an honorable man. To-day, however, he
is a law-abiding man and a high-toned genle-
man, as much so as there is 011 the floor of
the Senate to-day; and is the pittance which
he earned before the war to be withheld from
him? I know he has not transferred his claim
to mortal man, and I take it for granted that
but few of them have. I think the day has
passed when the Congress of the United States
can afford to do, as I think, so small a thing
as to withhold that pittance which is due to
these people. There is no question as to
the sum, because I have examined it in the
case of the party I speak of; there is $300
compensation due him. The record of every
claim is in the Department, as has been well
referred to by the distinguished Senator from
Kentucky.
It does not come under the rule by any
means of southern claims, for which we have
a regular commission, or the Court of Claims,
or anything of that kind. There is no investi-
gation to be had. The amount that they have
already been paid is recorded in the Depart-
ment. AH of them have been paid a portion'
of their earnings, and it is only the balance
that we ask now which was withheld from them
on accountof the rebellion. There is nothing
else in it. Now, are these persons to be left
without pay? If that was the intention, you
42d Cong. 3d Bess.—No. 128.
ought never to have relieved them from their
political disabilities. That was the doctrine,
in my opinion, and I do not see with what
consistency we can withhold it from them. I
hope, therefore, that there will be no delay in
this matter, but that we shall progress with the
bill.
Mr. DAVIS addressed the Chair.
Mr. STEVENSON. Give me just a min-
ute. I want to say to the Senator from Min-
nesota that he misunderstood me if he supposed
that I said none of these claims had been
assigned. I said that so far as my constitu-
ency went, they had not been assigned. I
wish to state further to the Senator from
Minnesota that he will find by reference to
the act that the precise sum has been appro-
priated, which amounts to $169,995 75 as
reported by B. R. Cowen, acting Secretary
of the Interior, on the 14th day of January,
1873.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. BOREMAN. Is it in order to make
that motion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to understand
what is the motion to reconsider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is to reconsider the vote by which the
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Now the motion is to
lay that on the table, so as to cut off the fur-
ther consideration of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope that will not be
done.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from West Virginia moves to lay on the
table the motion to reconsider the amendment.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 26, noes 13.
Mr. CHANDLER and Mr. EDMUNDS
called for the yeas and nays; and they were
ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to ask a question
of the Chair. Suppose this motion to recon-
sider is laid on the table, it will be in order to
reconsider the vote laying it on the table, will
it not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would not entertain such a motion.
Mr. CONKLING. Not to reconsider the
vote by which it was laid on the table?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What is the
question ?
Mr. CONKLING. A motion is made to
reconsider this vote, and a motion is made to
lay that motion on the table. The present
occupant of the chair and myself are very
familiar with the effect of this thing in the
House of Representatives; but here the rule
is different, and I ask the Chair whether it will
not be in order then for anybody who votes in
the affirmative to move to reconsider that vote?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will.
Mr. SAWYER. Then it continues indef-
initely, I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is governed by the rules and must observe
them,
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the vote will be
taken directly on the motion to reconsider,
because a motion to lay on the table a. motion
to reconsider is a novel one in the Senate. _ I
do not know how it will work. I believe in
paying these men for their services; but I
should like to vote squarely and directly.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I think this is the first
time I have ever known a motion made to lay
on the table a motion to reconsider.^ I am
not aware that I knew it before in the Senate.
I think it a bad practice to introduce here.
We have never done it. The Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] says it has been
done often. I do not remember it; but I
know it is the practice of the other House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind Senators that a motion to lay- oa
the table is not debatable. ;
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the motion to
lay on the table will be withdrawn. Let us
vote on the reconsideration. - .
Mr. COLE. If that can be done without
debate, I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, Does-the
Senator from West Virginia withdraw his
motion to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider 1 • ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let ns vote directly.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection if the
vote can be taken without debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to lay on the table is withdrawn. The ques-
tion is on the reconsideration.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President—-
Mr. DAVIS. The object of the withdrawal
was for the purpose of taking the vote, not for
debate.
Mr. CONKLING. I rather think my friend
cannot take me off the floor in that way.
Mr. DAVIS. I have not wished to take my
friend from the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I believe I have the
floor. I will proceed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from West Virginia withdrew the motion. The
Senator from New York has the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. This is a proposition to
pay to men who are not entitled to it certain
money for taking the census in 1860, and I am
told that the great argument in favor of doing
it has not been made, and, therefore, I beg
leave to suggest it; it is that every committee
by which this question has been considered has
reported against it uniformly, until now this
amendment eomes from the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg my friend's par-
don. The Committee on Finance twice re-
ported it. In 1866 the Senator from Maine,
Mr. Fessenden, reported it, and I reported the
same proposition from that committee again.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not intend at the
moment to speak of apybody so venerable as
a committee that existed in 1866. Perhaps I
ought to have qualified my remark 
Mr. EDMUNDS. The report of the Com-
mittee on Finance, as I remember it, because
it was 'contested, was to pay the Treasury
agents who had been appointed after the rebel-
lion and who could not take the oath then, and
if my friend from Ohio will look at it he will
find that is so.
Mr. SHERMAN. It may be that the Sen-
ator is correct, but I am rather inclined to
think we reported an amendment to pay peo-
ple who took the census of 1860.
~ Mr. CONKLING. I did not intend by my
remark to refer to any institution so old as a
committee that acted in 1866. However, as I
was on the point of saying, as my friend raises
that issue I beg to differ with him there. The
Finance Committee according to my recollec-
tion never did so report. On the contrary
they reported that certain persons appointed
by Mr. McCulloch or intrusted by him with
collecting revenue in the South in defiance of
law should be paid. The Senate acted upon
that, but I should like to know when it was
that the Committee on Finance ever had before
it from the Interior Department the question
of paying these census-takers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think on the whole the
Senator is right. I know we reported in favor
of paying officers who had earned money but
were not paid on account of not having taken
the test-oatb.
Mr. CONKLING. That is true. At the
present session of the Senate the law com-
mittee of this body, the Committee on the
Judiciary, investigated this question and made
a report—I think it was a unanimous report,
but I say that subject to correction—at any
rate the Committee on the Judiciary reported
against paying these men one cent. More
recently, the same proposition was referred to
