1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
does it provide that the assignment shall be
made upon the back of the certificate to some
person by name: or does it permit the soldier
to assign the certificate in blank, so that it may
go into the market lor speculation?
Mr. STOUGHTON. The plain import of
the bill is that this land shall be settled by the
soldier himself or by his individual assignee ;
and the bill provides that the Commissioner
of the I-aind Odice may make any rules and
regulations that he may deem necessary to
carry out the object and purpose of this bill,
so that any abuse can be perfectly guarded
against.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I had the floor
for an hour, I believe. I understood the
Chair to state that the gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Stoughton] was entitled to follow
me. I desire now to resume the floor and
yield to the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr.
Duxxell.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hawi.ey] as en-
titled to the floor. How long did he speak ?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. Prom twenty-
five to thirty minutes. I should think.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Illinois to give some time to my
colleagues on the committee.
The SPEAKER. The chair was tempo-
rarily occupied by another gentleman when the
gentleman from Illinois concluded his remarks.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. But the Chair
stated that he would recognize the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Stoughton] when I should
have concluded. In the hurry of debate he
took the floor, before I intended to surrender
it. But as the Speaker was not in the chair at
the time, I did not object to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman as still entitled to the floor for
twenty-five minutes.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I yield ten
minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Dunkell..]
order of business.
Mr. SARGENT. As the morning hour
is about expiring, the gentleman will not be
able to speak more than two or three minutes
to-day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
it is the intention of the Committee on Appro-
priations to interrupt the progress of this
debate at precisely half past one o'clock ; that
is, about two minutes hence. It will be with-
in the power of that committee, by a motion
to go to the Speaker's table and then a mo-
tion to go into the Committee of the Whole,
to interrupt the consideration of the pending
bill. Therefore the gentleman from Minne-
sota [Mr. Bunnell] had better not com-
mence his remarks to-day, but let the bill go
over until to-morrow.
Mr. SARGENT. By common consent, the
morning hour might be considered now as
having expired.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman from Minnesota to morrow, as
soon as the regular order is called.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. How much
time shall I have to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. Twenty-five minutes.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to a privileged
motion, and move that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the Indian
appropriation bill.
Mr. TAFFE. I wish to suggest that to-day
was, by an order made last session, assigned
to a bill reported from the Committee on Ter-
ritories. But if gentlemen insist on pressing
this appropriation bill to-day, I will ask that
our bill be made a special order for Wednes-
day, the 15th of January next, to the exclusion
of all other orders.
Mr. SARGENT. I will give way in order
that such an arrangement may be made.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How long does
the gentleman from Nebraska [Mr. Taffe]
propose that his bill shall remain before the
House ?
The SPEAKHR. That ought to be specified.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot con-
sent to the arrangement unless the gentleman
will fix a definite time within which the bill
shall be disposed of. If he proposes that it
shall be continued from day to day until dis-
posed of I cannot consent.
Mr. TAFFE. The gentleman from Ohio
will have his appropriation bills outof the way
by that time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the previous question be called at the
expiration of the second day.
Mr. TAFFE. That arrangement will be
satisfactory.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before this arrangement
is made I would like to understand it.
The SPEAKER. There is a special order
for to-day, a bill in regard to the Indian ter-
ritory reported from the Committee on Terri-
tories. It is proposed to throw that bill over
to the 15th of January, in order that the Indian
appropriation bill may now be proceeded with.
The Chair hears no objection, and the arrange-
ment will be considered as made.
Mr. SARGENT. Pending the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole, I move that all
general debate on the Indian appropriation
bill be closed in one hour.
Mr. BOLES. I desire to call up a special
order fixed for to-day, being the bill (H. R.
No. 1589) amendatory of existing bounty laws,
and granting bounty to persons of color who
were slaves previous to the 19th day of April,
1861, and who enlisted and served in the Army
of the United States. This bill was made a
special order for to-day after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. Of course the motion to
go into Committee of the Whole would take
precedence of this bill, which, however, will
hold its place for to-morrow. The gentleman
from Arkansas [Mr. Boles] had better call it
up to-morrow and have it disposed of at that
time. It will not lose its place ; it will have
precisely the same relative position that it has
to-day. The Chair will recognize the gen-
tleman at the expiration of the morning hour
to-morrow for some disposition of the bill,
either consideration of it or postponement.
The gentleman from California, who has charge
of the Indian appropriation bill, moves, pend-
ing the motion to go into Committee of the
Whole, that all general debate upon that bill
shall be limited to one hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to have ordered the printing of a substitute
which I propose to offer for the bill (H. R.
No. 1665) to enable honorably discharged sol-
diers and sailors, their widows and orphan
children, to acquire homesteads on the public
lands of the United States.
There being no objection, the order for
printing was made.
southern claims.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication j
from the president of the commissioners of
j claims, transmitting the second general report
| of the commissioners; which was referred to
i the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
surveying service.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting an esti-
mate of appropriations required for the sur-
veying service to supply deficiencies for the
fiscal years ending June 30, 1871, 1872, and
1873 ; which was referred to the Committee
' on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
mare island military reservation.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in answer to a reso-
lution of the House of June 8, 1872, in rela-
tion to a status of the military reservation
number seven, opposite Mare Island, Cali-
fornia ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, andorderedto be printed.
forged disbursing checks.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in relation to a pay-
ment by the Assistant Treasurer of the United
States at San Francisco of two forged United
States disbursing official checks; also draft of
bill for relief of said Assistant Treasurer ;
which were referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be priuted.
agricultural department.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Commissioner of Agriculture, in compliance
with the act of July 15, 1870, transmitting a
list of articles purchased and disposed of by
the Department since the inventory made De-
cember 1, 1871; which was referred to the
Committee on Agriculture, and ordered to be
printed.
fort randall military reservation.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the claims of
certain settlers on the Fort Randall military
reservation in Dakota Territory; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
ottawa university.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, relative to the affairs
ofthe Ottawa University, Kansas ; which was
referred to the Committee on Education and
Labor, and ordered to be printed.
ninth census.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, asking for appropri-
ation of $12,000 to supply deficiencies in ap-
propriations for the ninth census ; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
charles b. wilder.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the claim of
Charles B. Wilder; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
increase of clerical force.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to in-
crease of clerical force in his Department;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
pawnee indian agency.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to an
appropriation for the salary of the matron of
the school at Pawnee Indian agency; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
joseph ritezbll.
On motion of Mr. McGREW, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of Joseph Ritezell.
calvin bronson.
On motion of Mr. PECK, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in the
case of Calvin Bronson.
carl epping, etc.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, by
unanimous consent, the report of the Commit-
