1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1073
vide for an organic method by which at any
convenient moment we may suspend specie
payments again.
Now, I would ask the Senator from Ohio,
as soon as he arrives at that point where the
specie in the Treasury is exhausted, when he
redeems legal tenders with bonds, thus sus-
pending specie payments again, whether the
gold and silver that has been putin circulation
by the original resumption of specie payments,
now again suspended, will not at once hide
itself again and be hoarded by speculators?
In other words, whether the second provision
of this bill will not defeat the first, and whether
it will not lead to more dangerous and greater
fluctuations in values than we have had hith-
erto ; whether it will not facilitate corners,
and in fact increase the embarrassment under
which we so far have been laboring, instead
of removing or diminishing them?
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the ques-
tion of the Senator from Missouri undoubtedly
touches the difficulty of this whole problem-
Shall we undertake peremptorily to establish
specie payments? Is it possible for us to do
so? If it were possible, I would say amen.
Now the Senator criticizes the plan of the
committee because we provide a loop-hole, I
may say, for a temporary suspension of specie
payments. If we must provide for peremp-
tory specie payments, then I admit we have a
difficult task to undertake.
Mr. SOHURZ. I put a question to the
Senator with great diffidence, knowing as I
do that he is much more experienced in these
matters than I am: but the question was put
in perfect good faith.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt of it.
Mr. SOHURZ. I do not mean merely to
criticise this plan, but I want to discover
whether the remedy here offered to us is not,
after all, more dangerous than the disease
under which we are now suffering.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend will agree with
me that it is impossible in the present condi-
tion of our money affairs, with over $700,000,-
000 of currency afloat, to establish peremp-
torily specie payments ; that is to say, that
the Government of the United States will,
under all circumstances, redeem its notes in
specie. We must then devise some mode by
which in a time of stringency specie payments
can be suspended. I think my friend will go
that far. Now, what mode should we adopt?
There have been three different modes sug-
gested and practiced by civilized nations. The
first mode, and perhaps the most natural mode,
is that, in order to maintain specie payments,
we should sell our bonds at whatever they
might be worth in gold and use that gold to
maintain specie payments. That is, if our
notes are flowing in upon us so fast that we
cannot pay them in coin, we should sell our
bonds in the market for whatever they are
worth and maintain specie payments at all
hazards.
That is a common idea of people who do
not investigate the matter very closely; and
if we were disposed to sacrifice the public
securities, probably that would be the natural
solution of the problem ; but would it be
right? Would it be just? Why, sir, the
authority to sell a ten per cent, bond of the
United States in time of panic would not
maintain specie payments. I have myself
witnessed the time when bonds of the United
States bearing ten per cent, interest were sold
by the Government of the United States. I
have witnessed the time when to maintain
specie payments the bonds of the State of
Ohio were sold for fifty cents on the dollar.
It is not wise for us to provide for the sale of
the securities of the united States on such
terms in order to get coin to maintain specie
payments. I ask my friend if he thinks it
would be wise to provide such a remedy?
Mr. SCHURZ. I do not think the Senator
from Ohio has touched exactly the point I
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 68.
wanted to make, unless he is going to come
to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will come to that in s
moment; but I wished to see whether the re
mark was fair, whether it would be worth while
to authorize the sale of bonds in the market
in order to maintain specie payments.
Mr. SOHURZ. If the Senator will permit
me, I will bring him to the point on which I
wish an answer, for that seems to be decisive
of the judgment I shall form on the whole
scheme. It is this, that after having had a
certain period of specie payments, legal ten-
ders being redeemed with gold by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury ; when we then suspend
specie payments again by redeeming not with
gold any longer, but with bonds, whether then
the gold that has been putin general course
again will not disappear again from the hands
ot the business world, hide itself, be hoarded,
and give occasion to much more dangerous
speculation than has been had heretofore?
That was the question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have thought of that
very thing, and I will give the Senator an
illustration of what I think would have been
the effect of a certain state of affairs. Suppose
last October, at a time of great stringency in
the money market, we had undertaken to
maintain permanently specie payments in coin.
I believe we could not have done it. Take a
time like the " Black Friday;" I might name
many times, but I take last October because
that is most recent. Last October, from various
causes, partly artificial, created by the spec-
ulators in New York, and partly national,
caused by a demand for currency for the move-
ment of the crops, there was an enormous
stringency in the money market. I believe
that if in October last >ve had undertaken to
maintain specie payments absolutely we should
have been compelled to suspend them tempo-
rarily, and could not have maintained specie
payments. Then if there had been an altern-
ative redemption, so that the Secretary of
the Treasury could for a time have used the
public credit of the United States in the form
of five per cent, bonds temporarily, I think
the difficulty would have passed away in
thirty days.
Why, sir, last October the Bank of England
raised the rate of interest in that great country
to ten per cent, if I recollect aright, my friend
from Connecticut will correct me if I am
wrong. I know the rate was very high. That
was the English expedient to prevent a run
upon the bank, by calling in its assets from all
quarters, by raising the rate of interest and
thus preventing the suspension of specie pay-
ments ; but in three months from that time the
rate of interest in England was reduced to
three and a half per cent, by the bank.
These temporary stringencies must be pro-
vided for, and the expedient devised by the
committee is the best that could possibly be
devised according to our judgment. If the
Senate can devise any other, very well. If I
had power to have my own way in this matter,
I would make the rate of interest six per cent;
that is, I would maintain specie payments as
long as six per cent, bonds of the United
States were .at par in gold. But I know that
the feeling in the Senate and in the country is
in favor of lower rates of interest, and there-
fore we have finally adopted as the alterna-
tive of coin resumption five per cent, bonds,
which according to the present money market
would enable us to maintain a qualified re-
sumption of specie payments. But, as a mat-
ter of course, if you reduce the rate of interest
on your bonds so as to make them less desira-
ble, as, say, a four per cent, bond, we could
not maintain specie payments. Why? Be-
cause gold is worth more than four per cent,
interest, and therefore a note payable in four
per cent, bonds would necessarily be worth
less than gold. So with three sixty-fives, and
three's and two's, and therefore we took the
very lowest rate of interest that we thought
would probably maintain these bonds at par
m gold. -
Now, to answer the question of the honor-
able Senator from Missouri, I will state that,
for a time, during the temporary panic in the
case I have supposed, gold would necessarily
be retired, held by the persons who had it and
would only be sold as an article of merchan-
dise ; but that would pass away as the clouds
pass away before the sun. A temporary panic
would pass away, a temporary stringency in
the money market would pass away, and in
ten days after this great stringency in the
money market there might be an easy time, an
easy money market, just as to-day the money
market is easy both here and in all the coun-
tries of the world, while last October it was
very stringent, not only here but in all com-
mercial centers. These times of stringency,
are like temporary passing clouds, and we
must provide for them.
I think, therefore, that Senators seem not
to examine fairly—no I will not say that, be-
cause they are, no doubt, disposed to treat it
fairly, but I do not think Senators have looked
at the difficulties which surround us. They
all desire specie payments. I believe all that
have spoken on the subject, even including my
colleague, who is in favor of paying the green-
backs by a two per cent, bond, are in favor of
specie payments at some time; but when ?
My friend from Indiana says two or three
years ahead, and some say indefinitely ahead.
Every Senator can have his own opinion about
that. As a matter of course we. want to cover
the time that is, according to the judgment of
a majority of the Senate, the time for resump-
tion. But that we are bound to resume, no
man doubts. We are bound by the solemn
obligations of honor and public faith. Four
years have rolled around since this Senate
resolved that they would take the first oppor-
tunity to resume specie payments, and not
one single act has been done looking in that
direction.
Now, sir, I say that this moment, after a
presidential election is over, when there is no
political question involved, when parties are
so situated that Congress can look upon a diffi-
cult business question of this kind with fairness,
is the time, not to resume, but to prepare for
resumption ; to devise a plan for resumption ;
to declare the policy of the Government as to
resumption, and Senators who have varying
opinions as to time and place, mode and man-
ner, must yield something to accomplish a great
public good. We cannot all have our own way
in the details of a bill of this kind. I have
yielded myself a good deal, and other Senators
have yielded. If we desire resumption, if that
is demanded by public policy and by the public
interests, then we ought to engage upon it
now, because now is the most favorable time
in all the four years to engage in it. In the
next Congress there will be new men with
new political difficulties before them. If this
is postponed to next winter, the Senators and
Representatives then here will act with a view
to the elections. Now we must act as we
believe is best for the good of the whole coun-
try, debtor and creditor. If next January is
too soon for resumption, let a majority of the
Senate fix a later day, the 1st of July, or any
time that may be agreeable. All these details
are dependent upon the will of a majority of
the Senate; but the fact, the idea, that we are
bound by {jublic policy and by public honor to
do something toward specie payments I think
cannot be gainsaid.
There is one thing which perhaps Senators
overlook, that when the Finance Committee
come here with a carefully matured proposi-
tion that they would not venture their reputa-
tions upon except after the most deliberate
consideration, many of the ideas which nat-
urally arise in the mind of any Senator must
have been considered and discussed in com.-
