THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
mittee. It is true no Senator can surrender
his judgment, but he must see that the ground
and base of the plan is just and right, and
nearly all the points of detail are necessarily
discussed in committee. I have, from my
experience in this body, seen the difficulty of
managing what is called a "financial meas-
ure." Why, sir, I remember, eleven years
ago, the long struggle over the legal-tender
act in this body—other Senators, I know can
recall it—when a majority of the Senate were
at first determined not to pass the legal-tender
act, and a majority of the Senate were against
the legal-tender act, I may say, and finally it
was only saved by the votes of two Demo-
cratic Senators, one from Minnesota and the
other from California, who came to the res-
cue, and yet it was a time when we were in
the midst of war. Now, my friend from Dela-
ware thinks that was a bad measure, but I
think the judgment of the whole country now
is that without that legal-tender clause we
could not have prosecuted the war and main-
tained the enormous burden that rested upon
us during the war.
Soagain in regard to the banking act. That
banking bill was contested here for ten days,
and now I believe, although gentleman may
disagree as to whether a national banking law
ia wise at all, everybody agrees that the pres-
ent banking system is infinitely better than the
State banking system which it superceded;
but yet that banking act was passed through
the Senate only with the greatest difficulty
after ten days debate and by personal appeals
to Senators, one of whom is still a member of
this body, who voted^ for it with great reluc-
tance, as they feared it would injure their con-
stituents, and it was only passed, I think, by
One majority.
So with the funding bill. The plain and
manifest purpose of that bill was to reduce the
rate of interest on the public debt. It could
bare no other purpose. When it was intro-
duced here it was said "How idle this is, to ex-
pect people to surrender a six per cent, bond
and_take a five per cent, bond ; it is perfectly
foolish; you cannot do it." That was the ob-
jection made in the discussion. It passed over
for a year or two, and finally the funding bill
became a law. The result was that within a
year two hundred millions of six per cent,
bonds have been redeemed and five per cent,
bonds substituted ; and before ten days roll
around $300,000,000 more of six per cent,
bondswillba replaced,at,asaving of $3,000,000
a year for the benefit of our own constituents.
_ So with this bill: there are difficulties about
it; there are doubts about it. Take the im-
mediate _ ease before us. The Senator from
Connecticut offers a proposition which seems
to be very plausible indeed; it has a great deal
of merit and strength in it; and then my friend
from New York offers a proposition to cancel
the greenbacks at the rate of three millions a
month. In other tfords, he proposes to restore
the contraction policy of Secretary McCulloch.
Does not my friend know that that policy has
been condemned and repudiated, that it was
mspended by an act of Congress in 1868?
Why, therefore, introduce it now? Does my
friend from New York suppose that one half
or one third of the people of the United States
desire to have the greenbacks canceled and
put out of the way? If he does, I think he
mistakes the publie sentiment. We cannot
legislate here with a view to retire the green-
back circulation. I take it, therefore, that the
amendment which requires the cancellation
, , ",l?t leH.s three millions a month, which
1 believe is the amount 
Mr. t-'KNTON. Twenty per cent, of the
amount received, or not to exceed S3,000 000
per month. One word, if the Senator will
aiiow me. In offering this amendment 1 fol-
lowed the theory of the honorable Senator's
speech when he reported this bill from the
Ooiniiutte" on Finance, wherein he said that
" contraction is no doubt the shortest road to
resumption; if there is too much currency in
the country to resume and maintain specie
payments, then contraction is the only road to
resumption."' Now, when my friend from
Ohio will convince me differently from the
theory of this speech, that there is none too
much currency in the country to resume specie
payments, I will withdraw this amendment;
otherwise, I must insist upon a vote on it in
order to carry out the view of his bill, namely,
a bill which has a tendency to restore specie
payments; otherwise, I repeat my declarations
of yesterday, that it does not advance us one
step toward specie payments.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, a con-
traction of the currency, as a matter of course,
will bring specie payments, and a contrac-
tion of three millions a month would bring us to
specie payments. My colleague thought the
effect of this bill would be to retire the whole
legal-tender currency and that still we should
not have specie payments, but I cannot see
that. I think a very small contraction of the
currency will do it. But I am apractical man
as well as a thoretical man, I hope, in a cer-
tain case. Now, it is utterly idle, and the Sen-
ator from New York himself must know it as well
as I, to expect to carry any proposition through
Congress looking to a cancellation of any por-
tion of the greenback currency, and I do not
think we ought to do it, hecause T do think
that the whole amount of greenback currency
can be kept in circulation, and the present
bank issues can be kept in circulation at a par
standard with specie payments, and if he will
read the speech that he quotes he will find
there that I showed that the present currency,
inflated as lie thinks it is, is relatively less than
it was before the war. The aggregate of our
currency, greenbacks and bank paper, is now
less, according to our wealth, than it was be-
fore the war, and I think, therefore, that there
is no redundancy of currency. What is the
cry all over the country? More currency,
free banks, and therefore, the popular voice
coincides with my opinion that we must main-
tain this amount of circulation.
Mr. FENTON. I have no doubt the country
wants more currency. If we disregard its
value, the country can absorb almost any
amount. If this bill tends to specie payments,
then we practically have more, as when the
paper^ is appreciated twelve or thirteen per
cent, its purchasing power is increased. But
assume that the country has enough now—that
is the theory of your bill—do we need the
whole volume when -we return to specie pay-
ments, if that were possible without reduction
of the volume? Plainly not. We certainly
could do with as much less as the appreciation
of our $700,000,000 of currency would amount
to ; say in round numbers $100,000,000. Why
not then provide for this reduction gradually,
for according to the Senator's admissions this
is a sure road to specie payments? I may
add that it is a safe and prudent road, because
its ascent can be made gradual, and without
serious disturbance to business.
My position is this : that if the bill of the
honorable Senator from Ohio will bring about
. the resumption of specie payments not only
without reducing the volume of currency, but
with some addition to it, then let us have it
at once. Do not postpone the day. On
the other hand, if the volume of the cur-
rency is now too great to resume and main-
tain specic payments, then let it be gradually
leduced until we reach the specie condition,
1 think it should be diminished, but if it is
not—Which seems more probable—I suppose
there may be some improvement, if we avoid
further redundancy, as the population and
business interests of the country rise up and
require the present volume, or rather until
the country in its future prosperity and prog-
less c,m maintain it upon a specie basis. But
1 do not see that the bill helps us ; [ am sure
it does not take one step toward specie pay-
ments.
Mr. SHERMAN. My honorable friend from
New York has made over again the speech he
made a while ago. It is very good, no doubt,
but I am yet at a loss to know exactly how he
stands. Is .my friend for the resumption of
specie payments ?
Mr. FENTON. I am.
Mr. SHERMAN. Are you for advancing
our paper money toward the standard of gold ?
Mr. FENTON. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. According to the law as
it is now, the United States note is worth only
eighty-eight cents in gold ; the five per cent,
bond of the United States is worth par in
gold ; and we propose to say that within one
year from this time the value of this note
which the Senator desires to advance toward
specie payments shall be equal to a five per
cent, bond of the United States now worth par
in gold; and yet my friend does not see that
that even looks toward resumption.
Mr. FENTON. I think you will depreciate
the value of the five per cent, bonds within
the year. I have no doubt that the holders
of greenbacks will apply for a conversion of
their greenbacks into the five per cent, gold-
bearing bonds until the depreciation of the
five per cent, bonds reaches a point where it
will no longer be an inducement to the hold-
ers of greenbacks to make the conversion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us test that for a
moment. To authorize the notes to be con-
verted into bonds the Senator says will depre-
ciate the bonds. Why? Why does a man
buy a five per cent, bond of the United States ?
Because he gets five per cent, interest in gold,
and a five per cent, bond of any of the great
nations of the world now is worth in the neigh-
borhood of par in gold. Now, the note is
depreciated in this country because it cannot
be converted into any kind of interest-bearing
paper, except into loans which are themselves
payable in depreciated paper. The inevitable
result, admitted by my friend from Indiana,
admitted by my colleague, admitted by all the
Senators who have spoken, is that this meas-
ure will tend to advance the note to par ia
gold, and my friend from Indiana says too
rapidly, but the Senator from New York says
that the result wiil be that it will depreciate
the bonds down to the standard of currency.
Mr. FENTON. No, not to that standard,
but depreciate them somewhat. It is pretty
difficult to tell what the point of depreciation
will be.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it is. The value
of a five per cent, bond will be settled by the
money markets of the world ; and in my judg-
ment the five per cent, bond of the United
States will be worth par in gold all the time,
because now the rate of interest in England is
about three and four fifths per cent., and the
rate in France is about five per cent. I have
no doubt the effect of this will be to maintain
these bonds at par in gold. But I do not de-
sire to dwell longer on the amendment of the
Senator from New York.
The purpose of the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut I desire. I do not see
myself the great danger of allowing a six per
cent, bond of the United States to be presented
at any time for payment in currency on the
demand of the holder. But now look at it
practically. My friend from Rhode IslaBd
[Mr. Sprague] has answered it when he says
" it never will be presented."
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It will do no harm
then. '
Mr. SHERMAN. Let-us see whether it will
do any harm, because the remarks made by
the oenator from Vermont £]VXr IVXoprill]
struck my attention. The six per cent, bonds
of the United States payable in gold interest
are above par m gold. Those bonds are now
from one to eight per cent, above par in gold.
We can hardly legislate for a time when the
