1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
six per cent, bonds of the United States will
be worth less than the greenbacks. Then my
friend from Connecticut asks what harm is
there in his proposition; why not allow this
bond to be presented to the Treasury and com-
pel the Secretary to pay greenbacks for it?
The only answer I can make, and it is a very
pregnant one, is the answer made by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, that is, as the six per cent,
bonds are held en masse either by the banks or
by the great brokers of the country, they might
make a "corner," as they say, and present the
bonds suddenly to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, demanding greenbacks at a time when
greenbacks are scarce, at a time of stringency,
and they might thus add to the stringency of
the money market.
Let me give you a case, because I can illus-
trate it by events. Suppose last October
when the Secretary of the Treasury had but
$3,000,000 currency in the vaults, the holders
of six percent, bonds, although they were worth
more than par in gold, had the power to pre-
sent them suddenly to the Secretary of the
Treasury and demand gold or legal tender
notes, it would have given these men a great
advantage, a great power to add to the strin-
gency of the money market. In ordinary
times bonds would be worth a great deal more
than the currency, but at that time there was
no currency to issue; there were only $3,000,-
000 in the Treasury, and where could the Sec-
retary of the Treasury get more, except by
issuing more than he was authorized by law
to issue?
Therefore, while the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, whose desires I know
are exactly like mine, seems to be very plaus-
ible, I do not think it ought to be adopted.
If there ought to be such an alternative propo-
sition as this offered, it ought to be offered by
itself, so that we can consider it. Three or
' four years ago I myself advocated here a prop-
osition to make the bonds alternate, to allow
the currency to float into bonds and the bonds
to float info currency, but I doubt very much
the practical workings of that system; and
although I then advocated it and supported it
here, the Senate rejected it. I acquiesced in
the decision of the Senate, and I ain not sure
but that they were right.
I am afraid that a proposition of this kind to
authorize bonds to be presented for green-
backs, while in ordinary times it could do no
liarm, yet might be made the instrument of
great contraction and of great injury to the
public. Perhaps in this I am mistaken. If a
majority of the Senate agree with the Senator
from Connecticut that it is wise, I hope he
will confine the redemption to six per cent,
bonds, and not extend it to five per cent,
bonds, because I do not think we ought to go
beyond that in any event, but I think, on the
whole, it is not wise to adopt it as to either.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, it
appears to me that it would be safe to allow
the Secretary of the Treasury to redeem any
bonds which are issued by the General Gov-
ernment and pay for them in legal-tender
notes. For the time being there would be a
gain to the Government of the interest, and it
would be one means of securingthat elasticity
which is essential to meet the changing con-
ditions of the business of the country. While
the honorable Senator from Ohio and myself
have the same object in view, I regret that he
should dissent from acquiescing in this amend-
ment.
My friend, the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont, sees some danger in this proposition,
and he has turned all my artillery upon Wall
street. 1 must say that I had no reference in
this amendment to Wall street. I am willing
that the bulls and bears of that locality shall
do all the fighting. I had reference to the
business interests of the country, and believe
that if we can meet those, Wall street will be
of less consequence than it has been.
Jiut t':e Senator says that the brokers in
Wall street hold bonds, and they can convert
them into currency and therefore corner the
market. The bill provides that any man who
has bonds shall obtain currency, and it is not
all the bulls and bears in Wall street that can
prevent my friend from getting greenbacks for
his bonds if this bill goes into operation with
this amendment. I do not want any sucb
obstacle placed in the way.
The Senator from Vermont also says that
the men who have the bonds can secure money
at a lower rate of interest than others. "Well,
that is true. I have seen the time when cap-
ital was worth a good deal toward aiding a
man's credit and enabling him to get a loan
cheaper than another. So the men who hold
these bonds will have a capital and be able to
obtain a loan, if loans they need, cheaper
than the man without capital. But if you will
adopt this amendment and put this bill in opera-
tion, the man who has a capital in Government
bonds is saved from all pressure and all embar-
rassment which all the bulls and bears of Wall
street may bring against him to corner him, and
therefore I am in favor of this amendment.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, if I under-
stand the proposition of the Senator from
Connecticut it is this, it will enable the
holders of any bonds, either fives or sixes, to
go to the Treasury and get greenbacks for
them to the amount, if you please, of five
hundred or a thousand millions; there is no
limit to the amount whatever. It will enable
them to inflate the currency at pleasure, and
when they have gotten through with the
operation, when they have completed the
speculation, they can take their greenbacks
back to the Treasury and get bonds for them.
That makes the volume of currency utterly
uncertain, and makes it to depend entirely
upon the great capitalists and speculators of
the country. It is making a corner in money
easy. Why? Because the men in New York
who get up these corners, lock up the cur-
rency and lose the interest on it, can deposit
it in the Treasury and get five per cent, on
it, and when they have brought down other
people, not knowing what has been done, not
knowing who has brought about the deprecia-
tion in the price of stocks or bonds or produce,
or whatever it may be, whenever the effect has
been accomplished, then they go back to the
Treasury, return their bonds, and get green-
backs and make their purchases. That is aid-
ing one of the great evils which have been
complained of. 1 know the Senator from Con-
necticut does not intend that, but that is the
obvious and palpable result of such a measure.
The currency may be inflated or contracted
at pleasure when the holders of bonds can go
and get the money upon the bonds, and when
they are done take the money back and get the
bonds again. Such a machine as that would
certainly result in the total destruction of con-
fidence and be the greatest disaster imagin-
able to the business interests of the country.
But what is the effect of it in another point
of view? It is to make the Government a
bank of deposit, paying a higher rate of inter-
est on deposits than any private or national
bank can do. I can take my money and de-
posit it in the Treasury here and get five per
cent, on it when no national bank or private
bank can afford to pay me more than four per
cent, with any sort of safety. It withdraws
deposits from banks and places them in the
Treasury, where the depositor gets a higher
rate of interest than he can get from any bank.
But when the money is deposited in a bank
and interest is paid upon it or no interest,
then the money is loaned out again and it goes
right into circulation, and the equilibrium of
the circulation is not destroyed ; but when the
money is deposited in the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States it is not loaned out—it is dead
money there for the time. The currency has
been absolutely contracted to tbat amount,
and all the consequences of contraction must
fall upon business.
. It does seem to me that in every point of
view such a measure as this would be most
disastrous. As the Senator from Vermont
remarked, it is not new. I have had occasion
before to consider this very proposition, and it
seems to me that in every point of view it must
be condemned.
Mr. TH URMAN. Mr. President, I should
like to ask my friend, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, who is much better
informed on these matters than I am, to answer
me one or two questions respecting this bill.
The bill contemplates a conversion of the
$356,000,000 of greenbacks into five per cent,
bonds. Is not that so? It contemplates the
possibility of that, does it not?
Mr. SHERMAN. When you are through,
I will answer.
Mr. TH URMAN. I assume that it does,
because it authorizes everybody who holds a
thousand dollars of greenbacks to demand a
thousand-dollar five per cent, bond in place of
them. As everybody is authorized to do it
who can get together a thousand dollars, that
may go on until the whole three hundred
and fifty-six millions of greenbacks are re-
deemed by the issue of three hundred and
fifty-six millions of five per cent, bonds.
But the greenbacks which are thus redeemed
are not to be canceled. The bill does not
contemplate that. It contemplates that thev
are to be paid out again, either in the pur-
chase of other bonds of the Government, say
six per cents, or to defray the ordinary ex-
penses of the Government. Now, suppose
them all to be paid out as this bill contem-
plates they may be, then I put it to my friend
whether the whole operation does not simply
amount to this : that we have assumed to pay
$17,800,000 of interest, and then have exactly
the same volume of greenbacks in circulation
that we now have, and with precisely the same
obligation resting upon the Government.
What benefit is that whole operation except
to the present holders of the greenbacks?
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague asks me if
the whole of the $856,000,000 of greenbacks
should be presented, could they all be con-
verted into bonds at once?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not say "at once."
Mr. SHERMAN. Then he says if the whole
of the $356,000,000 are converted at once, and
the whole of the $356,000,000 of notes are
reissued, will you not increase the public debt?
Mr. THURMAN. I say will not the whole
effect of the operation be simply this, that
you still have the Government circulating
$356,000,000 of greenbacks, promises to pay,
but having assumed by this operation the pay-
ment of $17,800,000 per annum in the way of
interest?
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I will take the account
current of my colleague. If these $356,000,-
000 of notes are reissued, they in effect will be
issued to pay $356,000,000 of six per cent,
bonds, and the net profit is $3,560,000 a year
by the operation. That is the effect of this
bill, and that is all there is about it. Now my
colleague cannot create the impression that
both bonds and notes are out. If the notes
are issued they are issued to pay the public
debt, of which $1,000,000,000 is now payable,
and the result of the operation would be a
saving in annual interest, year by year, of
$8,560,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator trom New
York [Mr. Fextox] to the amendment ot' the
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Buukixgham.J
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I think if another day
should be given to the discussion of this im-
portant measure it would be advantageous,
and. without the opposition of my friend from
Ohio, I would suggest that we now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are several amend-
ments to be offered, 1 understand, and 1 would
ivther make some further i<rog< eM. I will,
