1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
113
also of many of tbe Winnebagoes, and the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, whose able
report I have quoted before, thug speaks of
cerutia tribes ia Michigan :
" The Chippewaa of Saginaw, Swa* Creek, and
Black Hirer, numbering sixteea hundred and thirty,
and the Ottawaa and Chippewa*. lix ihoeusaad and
thirty-uine- are indigenous to the eouutry. Tbey
are well advanced in civilisation: have, with few
exceptions, been allotted lands aider treaty provis-
k> a. tor which they have received patents, aad are
now entitled to all the privileges and benefits of citi-
tens of the United States. Those to whom no allot-
ments have been made can secure homesteads under
the provisions of the act of June 10,1872. All treaty
stipulations with these Indians have expired. They
now have no money or other annuities paid to them
by the United States Government. The three tribes
first named have in all t'onr schools, with one hun-
dred and fifteen scholars, and the last, two schools,
with one hundred and fifty-two scholars."
The Commissioner also thus details the con-
dition of tbe Indians upon tbe New York
reservations, remaining of the Six Nations of
New York, instances in whose history are
familiar to all of us:
" On the New York reservations are twenty-eight
schools; tbe attendance dnring some portions ofthe
past year exceeding eleven hundred, the daily aver-
age attendance being six hundred and eight. Of the
teachers employed, fifteen are Indians, as fully com-
petent for this position as their white associates.
An indication of what is to be accomplished in the
future, in an educational point of view, is found in
the successful effort made in August last to establish
a teachers' institute on the Cattaraugus reservation
for the education of teachers specially for Indian
schools. Thirty-eight applicants attended, and
twenty-six are now under training. The statistics
ofindividnal wealth and of the aggregate product
of agricultural and other industry are, in general,
favorable; and a considerable increase in those re-
gards is observed from year to year. Twenty thou-
sand acres are under cultivation; the cereal crops
are good, while noticeable success has been achieved
in the raising of fruit. An instance is furnished,
from the Toscarora reservation, of one Indian who
realised a profit of over two thousand dollars on the
sale of peaches alone during the past year. Favor-
able reports are given of the annual fairs held upon
one or more of the reservations, at which the dis-
plays of fruits, home manufactures, Ac., were Quite
creditable."
Now, this certainly will show that Indians
are capable of civilization. That is true not
unljp of the Indians in this direct contact with
cin'ization, it ia true of tbe Poncas, the Paw-
nees, the Ssntee Sioux, and others I might
iniuae. A few years ago the Pawnees were
called "the wolves of the prairies." They
are now warlike in the sense that we are war-
like. They are warlike aad yet peaceable.
They are the friends of the Government, and
ever have been. They are frequently our aux-
iliaries, and furnish us scouts, acd even sol-
diers if we need them. And I wish to say
hers* believing it to be faliy humanitarian to
say so, that I hope it will be the policy of the
Gorernasent, of tbe military arm, in case we
have Indian wars, to employ Indian auxil
iariea and to employ Indian* as soldiers.
There are many of these friendly Indians who
are willing to be thus employed ; and I would
employ them on account of their ability to
understand the tactics of other Indians, their
knowledge of the country, Ac. I would em-
ploy them in such a war if it sboald become
necessary.
Of coarse the only object of employing sach
as would be employed would be that they are
Indians friendly to the Government, and
measurably civilised, while those against
wham they would be employed are barbarous
and savage Indians, who reject all peace
overcome on the part of the Government, and
insist apon desolating onr settlements and
carrying blood and terror through oar frontier
communities.
These Pawnees, althongh warlike, are es-
pecially noticeable for their attention to edu-
cation. 1 have in my possession, brought me
by Professor Hay den, a photograph, somewhat
larger than the sheet of paper I hold in my
hand, showing a brick school-house two or
three stories in height. Upon the broad front
steps are seated live or six score, or even
mere, of Indian children, ranging, I should
judge, from six to twelve or fourteen years of
age, decently but plainly dressed, with as in-
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 8.
telligent countenances as any class of school
children that I hare ever seen.
I have in my hand here, prepared at my
request, a few statistics, showing the compara-
tive increase in education snd industial pur-
suits of various Indian tribes between the last
year and the present year. I call the atten-
tion of the House to these statistics in order
to show that under the policy which Congress
is patiently pursuing in its efforts to civilize
the Indians tbe re are some fruits which show
that oar labors are not in vain.
Last year the number of acres cultivated
by the Indians was 181,971; this year it is
272,763. Last year the number of frame houses
constructed wa« 1,T29; this year they have
built 2,449. Of log and other houses they
built last year 8,600; while the number con-
structed during the present year is 12,718. In
1871 they raised 89,839 bushels of wheat; in
1872 they have raised 296,965 bushels. In
1671 they raised 8,617,859 bushels of corn ; in
1872, 6,894,716. Of oats they raised lastyear
89,188 bushels ; tbisyear, 231,482. The pota-
toes raised by them during 1871 amounted to
831,886 bushels; during 1872 the product has
been 518,453. I do not wish to weary the
House by citing all these figures in detail, and
will only state that the total value of all tbe
productions of these Indians in 1871 was
$4,433,905, while the aggregate during 1872
is $6,259 779.
In stock-raising similar progress is observed.
Their increase of horses last year was 107,931
head ; this year it is 161,580. Of cattle they
had last year 75,875, this year 102.432; of
swine last year 109,246, this year 381,090; of
sheep last year 9,241, this year 120,049. I
must remark, however, that as this table in-
cludes reiurtiB from tbe Navajoes of New
Mexico, a large sheep raising tribe, the increase
this year in that item is apparent rather than
real.
I eall attention also to the increase among
the Indians of wealth in individual property,
which amounted last year to $3,942,872 ; this
year, $9,941,365—a very marked increase in a
single year. The number of scholars in the
schools has also largely increased. These
schools are under the patronage of Congress,
except, as 1 bavealready stated, among certain
highly civilized tribes. Generally uuder our
treaties we establish the schools, and we have
established during the present year but one ad
ditional school; the number last year 260, this
year 261. But the number of scholars has
increased from 6,180 to 8,094, and the number
of teachers from 209 to 249.
I think these statistics go so show that the
work which Congress is doing in this matter,
and which is being so ably seconded by the
Indian department and by the board of Indian
commissioners, is bearing good fruit, and I
have no doubt that it will be persisted in. The
Indian Commissioner estimates the whole
number of eivil'zed Indians in the United
States at ninety-seven thousand, though he
remarks that in determining their degree of
civilisation we must do so " according to a
standard taken with reasonable reference to
what might fairly be expected of a race with
such antecedents and traditions." In other
words, their civilization is but a comparative
civilization ; yet it is in my judgment a satis-
factory degree of civilization for the Indians
to have attained at the present time. The
number of semi-civilized Indians he estimates
at one hundred and twenty-five thousand.
This embraces those who are at peace with
the Government, who are to a certain extent
devoting themselves to farming, who are be-
ginning to appreciate the benefits of educa-
tion aud to send their children to schools.
The number of barbarous Indians is estimated
by the Commissioner at seventy-eightthousand.
There are some auxiliary methods which it
seems to me the Government ought to adopt
for the benefit of the Indians. One is, that we
should reduce as fast as consistent with justice
the size of Indian reservations. By proper
consideration in money to be expended for
their benefit, or to be invested by the United
States and the interest annually paid to tliem,
the Indians should be induced to relinquish
the reservations which are too large to be occu-
pied by themselves and which impede the set-
tlement of the country. I speak of this matter
now principally with reference to the welfare
of the Indians. As our increasing population
extends further and further westward, as miners
invade the Indian reservations, as railroads are
run through them and the buffaloes scared off
or killed, it becomes very much more difficult
for the Indians to obtain a subsistence. Henue,
it would be better for them that their reserva-
tions should be reduced in order that they
might be compelled by force of Circumstances
to resort to agriculture. Agriculture is im-
possible where the land is held in common
with no boundaries to mark the possessions
of individuals. Where lands are held in
common by the Indians there is no inducement
to agriculture, because that which is raised by
one Indian is eaten up by another. Under a
false notion of hospitality prevailing among
the Indians, it is thought that one Indian must
furnish subsistence to another of the same
tribe until the provisions are exhausted—a
system which of course fosters habits of im-
providence. A reduction of tbfe area of the
reservations would necessarily lead to a segre-
gation of land to individual Indians, and then
there would be an incentive to individual
exertion. If the individual Indian had carved
out for him a tract of one hundred and sixty
or even three hundred and twenty acres, which
he could regard as belonging to himself, which
he could inclose and cultivate for the benefit
of himself and his family, there would be au
incentive to individual exertion, and habits of
industry would be encouraged.
But it also gives fixed habitation. It takes
the blanket off the Indians ; for the roaming
Indian is the only one who wears a hlankei.
It gives this fixed habitation for himself and
family. It engenders a sense of personal
ownership. It causes to spring up in the Indian
mind those ideas of barter and sale, of profit and
loss, which ideas were really the first educa-
tion of any race now civilized. They get an
idea of profit and loss, of ownership ih them-
selves, of the use of acquiring property, of the
value of personal property, and of right to
the soil. Whenever that idea dawns in the
mind of the Indian, he sees the necessity of
education—of education so far as to be able to
read and write, to calculate, at least to count
upon his fingers in order to know whether he
is being cheated in a bargain or not, and
whether when he sells the produce of his little
farm he is receiving adequate pay for it. With
education come higher tnorals and with higher
morals come Christianity and civilization.
Mr. Chairman, I think at last that is the solu-
tion ofthe Indian problem. It starts on the idea
of diminishing the Indian reservation, segre-
gating the land, giving it up to individual
Indian ownership. It finally results through
the path I indicate, in the civilization and Chris-
tianity of the Indian.
Now, this Indian peace policy, as it is called,
and I do not know any better name to express
it than this, has been given free scope under
the legislation of Congress. For the past
four years I have advocated in the House the
passage of these Indian appropriation bills
for the purpose of carrying out this Indian
peace policy. I have consistently believed in
that policy, and have uniformly voted for the
legislation necessary to carry it out, for 1
have always believed, as I now believe, that
that policy Consistently pursued by Congress
must result in the civilization and reclamation
of the Indians. I believe I can see it, is being
accomplished daily, and bear witness _ that
Congress has acted most generously in aiding
in the execution of that policy.
But Congress cannot do this work alone. It
