1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion to excuse the Sen-
ator from Ohio from service on the conference
committee.
The motion was decided in the negative.
public building ifl covington.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask that the Senate
now proceed with Senate bill No. 1206, which
1 had taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator moved to take it up. The Chair will put
the question on that motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 1206) for the erection of a public building
for the use of the United States in Covington,
Kentucky, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute.
Mr. WRIGHT. I thought the Senate had
dstermined to go into executive session.
Mr. STEVENSON. This bill has been
unanimously recommended by the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
Was to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the bill, and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
. That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and hereby
la, authorized and directed to cause to be constructed
a suitable brick building, with a fire-proof brick
vault extending to eaoh story, in the city of Coving-
ton, Kentucky, for the accommodation of the United
States circuit and district courts, post office, and
other Government offioes; and tho sum of $130,000 is
hereby appropriated for tho purpose aforesaid, out
ot any money in the Treasury not othorwise appro-
priated, of which not more than 830,000 shall be used
in payment for the site; and tho Secretary of the
peasury shall cause the proper plans and estimates
to be made, so that no expenditures shall be made
OT aatUonacd for the full completion of said build-
ffig: beyond tho sum herein appropriated: Provided,
ihat no money hereby appropriated shall bo used
or expended until a valid title to the land for a site,
independent and unoxposcd to danger from fire in
adjacent buildings, shall be vested in the United
States, nor until the State of Kentucky shall cede its
jurisdiction over tho same, and also duly release
and relinquish to tho United States the right to tax
,1£sa®ss aftid site, or the property of the
♦u 1.1 it'^cs that may be thereon, during the timo
thereof States shall be or remain tho owner
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended ; and the amendment was concurred
in. '1 he bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
executive session.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business. After five minutes
spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and (at four o'clock and forty min-
utes p, ro.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 4, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. But leu., D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
order op business.
The SPEAKER. The regular unfinished
business before the House is the bill in rela-
tion to the Montana war claims. The gentle-
man too has charge of that bill desires that it
u nP'0TeT until after the morning hour, and
the Chair hears no objection to that arrange-
ment. 5
credit mobilier investigation.
Mr. POLAND. I am instructed by the
select committee appointed on the 2d of De-
cember last to report to the House the evi-
dence so far taken, and to ask that an order
be made that that evidence and such evidence
as may be hereafter taken be printed for the
use of the House.
There was no objection ; and the order was
made.
Mr. POLAND. Iam instructed by the same
committee to report the following preamble
and resolution:
Whereas the evidence taken by the select commit-
tee of the House appointed December 2,1872, for the
purpose of examining into charges of bribery of
members of this House contains matter affecting
members of the Senate: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House bo directed
to transmit to the Senate a copy of all evidence thus
far reported to the House by said committee, together
with a copy of that resolution.
The parliamentary rule upon this subject
seems to require that the evidence shall be
transmitted under seal; but that presupposes
that the evidence has been taken by the com-
mittee without the knowledge of the outside
world and has not been made public. A dif-
ferent rule has been followed in this case, and
the evidence has been publicly taken. I have
therefore ventured to depart from the ordinary
rule, supposing there was no propriety or neces-
sity in adhering to it, and have offered the
resolution in its present form.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
indian treaties.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask unanimous consent
to present for action now the bill which I send
I to the Clerk's desk.
[ The bill was read for information. It directs
the Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
United States to revise the treaties with Indian
tribes so far as to present in one volume those
treaties and parts of treaties now in force.
Mr. POLAND. The bill should require the
duty to be performed by the commissioners for
the revision of the laws, and not by the Com-
mittee on Revision of the Laws of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. SARGENT. I suggest that this duty
is now being performed by those very commis-
sioners.
Mr. SHANKS. I am informed that it is not.
Mr. SARGENT. It is within the scope of
their duties.
Mr. SHANKS. I will modify the bill as
suggested by the gentleman from Vermont.
[Mr. Polah-d.]
No objection was made; and the bill (H. R.
No. 3793) received its several readings, and
was passed.
railroad land grants.
Mr. MACINTYRE. I ask unanimous eon-
sent to have considered in the House now the
bill (H. R. No. 1247) to revive and continue
m force section seven of an act entitled ' 'An
act making a grant of land to the Territory of
Minnesota, in alternate sections, to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in said Terri-
tory, and granting public lands in alternate
sections to the State of Alabama, to aid in the
construction of a certain railroad in said State,"
approved March 3, 1857, and to extend the
time in which said road in the State of Ala-
bama shall be constructed for the period of
five years from the date of the approval of this
act.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
soldiers' cemetery, cumberland.
Mr. RITCHIE. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for consideration at this time a
bill to sell a vacated soldiers' burial ground
near Cumberland, Maryland, to a Hebrew
congregation in that city to enlarge their grave-
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read.
•^~c bill was read, and directs the Secretary
of War, on the payment to him of a sum of
money equal in amount to that paid for the
property when purchased by the United States,
to convey by proper deed to Samuel Sonne-
bom, H. Stern, and Isaac Miller, in trust for
the use and benefit of the Hebrew congrega-
tion of the city of Cumberland, Maryland, all
the right, title, and interest of the United
States in and to that parcel or lot of land con-
taining one half ati acre, more or less, sitnate
about one mile from the city of Cumberland,
near the old National road or turnpike, and
lying near and adjacent to the burial-ground
of the said Hebrew congregation, being the
same premises that were purchased for the
United States on or about May 2, 1862, by
Captain Hewitt, assistant quartermaster, as a
burial-ground for its soldiers stationed in that
vicinity during the late war, and which has
been made vacant by the removal of thebodies
there interred to the Antietam or other na-
tional cemeteries.
Mr. COBURN. Has not that subject b'een
already referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs ?
Mr. RITCHIE. It has not. The Commit-
tee on the Public Lands has authorized me to
ask unanimous consent of the House for its
consideration at this time.
Mr. COBURN. I object to its consideration
now.
Mr. RITCHIE. I ask the gentleman to bear
with me for a moment, and I think he will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. KENDALL. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. RITCHIE. I ask the gentleman from
Nevada [Mr. Kendall] to withdraw his call for
a few moments, until I can explain this bill.
Mr. KENDALL. Very well; I will do so.
Mr. RITCHIE. I will state that about the
year 1862 the Government of the United States
purchased for $100, as I am informed, a small
piece of land near the city of Cumberland, in
my State, for use as a burial-ground of the
soldiers who died at that post. Within the last
year or two all the bodies which had been
there interred have been removed to the Antie-
tam and other national cemeteries. It is now
a vacant burial-ground, and of no use to the
Government.
This vacated burial-ground is immediately
contiguous to the grave-yard of the Hebrew
congregation of that city. A year ago, on the
application of the colored people of Cumber-
land, I introduced a bill to donate that piece of
ground to them. The Hebrew congregation
having already a grave-yard immediately con-
tiguous to' this vacated soldiers' burying-ground,
and needing expansion, and not being able to
make it except by incorporating this vacated
piece of ground, proposed to donate to these
colored people, if this land could be donated
to the Hebrew congregation, the same amount
that the land originally cost the Government.
And by the way this land has not increased in
value at all since it was purchased. That
arrangement was not made. Now, as the col-
ored people have the whole country in which
to locate their grave yard, and this Hebrew
congregation has but this mode of extending
their grave-yard, after a full investigation of
the subject, I have thought it would be fair to
sell this piece of ground to that congregation,
if we do not donate it to them.
Mr. COBURN. I will withdraw my objec-
tion. J
mNVUSheroS&cti0n being made> the bill
(H. R. No. 3794) was received, read three
times, and passed.
RI.TCHIE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the-bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national bank, springfield, missouri.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to report, from the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, for consid-
eration at this time. House bill No. 3310 to
authorize the National Bank of Springfield
Missouri, to change its name. 0fum°tlelci>
The SPEAKER Tl,a i,;n
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read-
