2038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March!,
■Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee op Indian Affairs, to whom was referred
the amendment of the House of Representa-
tives to the bill (S. No. 1391) repealing an act
entit)ed "An act for the relief of certain In-
dians in the central superiotendency,n apt-
proved June 1Q, 1872, reported it with a
recommendation that the Senate disagreed
thereto.
The Senate proceeded to consider theamend-
ment of the House of Representatives, and
On motion by Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN*
it was
Unsolved, That the Senate disagree to the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to file said
bill, and ask a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon. '
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Frelinghuysen, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Bay-
ard the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate.
lands in iowa.
Mr. WRIGHT. Now I appeal to the Sen-
ator from West Virginia. I am almost tired
of asking it, but I do not know any better
place in the world than to ask now if he will
allow me to call up the bill I have referred to
once or twice and have it put on its passage.
I do not understand there is any objection to
taking it up. I am presuming upon what I
understand to be the almost unanimous con-
sent of the Senate yesterday morning or the
day before.
Mr. DAYIS. What do I understand is the
bill?
Mr. WRIGHT. It is House bill No. 3919.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand there is
objection to the bill; and if there is objection
to it, I hope it will not be taken up. I do not
know what the bill is myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The title
of the bill will be read.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (H. R. No. 3919)
to authorize the President to ascertain the
value of certain lands in the State of Iowa of
the Raceoon fork of the Des Moines river,
held by settlers under the preemption and
homestead laws of the United States.
Mr. WRIGHT. Let the Clerk read the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. That will lead to dis-
cussion. I want to get up the river and harbor
bill, and I wish to dispose of it.
Mr. WRIGHT. If there is any discus-
sion——
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will be discussed
I shall not take five minutes.
Mr. WRIGHT. Let the bill be read for
information.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I certainly cannot object
to my friend from Iowa taking up this bill,
because he has been desiring it for a long
time, but I do object to its passage, because in
my opinion it is the first step, it is intended
confessedly (for my friend is a candid man) to
be the first step to saddling upon the United
States the payment of' a large sum of money,
and that money is to be claimed upon this
ground—and if I mistake the facts I know
that my friend will correct me—the United
States a great many years ago granted to the
State of Iowa—I do not know but it was to the
Territory at first, but that is no matter, I will
call it the State of Iowa—lands for a certain
distance on either side of the Des Moines
river, tor the improvement of that river up to
the Raccoon fork. The Des Moines River
Navigation Company received from the State
the benefit of that grant.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senator from Ver-
mont if he intends to diseuss the bill? It was
the understanding that there should be no
debate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is precisely what I
gave notice that I did intend to do.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not so understand, or I
should have objected.
but
, The PRESIDING QEFICER. It is too
late for the Senator to object now; the bill is
before the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. It was the distinctunder*
sanding that the bill was to be read for iaform>-
ation, I retaining the floor. That was my
understanding, ana that was the understanding
of all on this.side of the House; I supposed all
go nnderatood it. :
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 trust my good friend from
West Virginia will allow us to.proceed. The
Senator from Vermont says he does not want
~«fore than five minutes altogether, and I do
not know that I shall take one minute -upon
the bill. ■ * '''
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator from West Virginia insists on taking the
floor the Chair will be obliged to accord it to
him.
Mr. DAVIS. I stated at the time that I
would give way if this bill led to no debate.
It was so understood on this side.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am sure my friend will
not insist.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not insist; but the Sen-
ator from Vermont says he must discuss the
bill, and we all know that there are appropria-
tion bills that will soon have to be considered,
and we know further that the Senator from
Michigan wishes to bring up the river and har-
bor bill. I insist on my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from West Virginia claims the flooi, and
the question is on the motion to proceed to the
consideration of the motion to reconsider the
Louisiana bill.
state ojf louisiana.
Mr. DAVIS. My motion was to reconsider
the vote by which the Louisiana bill was re-
jected, and that motion is now before the Sen-
a The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
so understands.
• Mr. MORTON. What is the qustion before
the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from West Virgiuia has moved that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
Louisiana bill was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He makes the motion
now, there being nothing else before the Sen-
ate. That is the motion before the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, That is the motion i to pro-
ceed to reconsider that vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor before gave notice of the reconsideration,
and the motion now is to take up the motion
to reconsider for consideration.
Mr. STEWART. I want to make a request.
The bill for the Texas Pacific Railway Com-
pany, to enable them to make arrangements
to have a through line, I have made several
attempts to get a hearing on. On consultation
witb the committee we have stricken out all
that is objected to, so that it only leaves those
sections that enable the company to make the
consolidations needed in California and Texas
and give them a through line. It is very im
portant that it should be passed now in order
that they may go on with the work and not be
embarrassed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I object. I ask
the Senator from West Virginia if he will not
permit the Senator from Iowa to just finish his
bill. It will not take five minutes. He has
requested it as a favor, the only one he ha3
requested this session, ai.d let the Senator from
Vermont be permitted to finish his remarks on
that bill, which will take but five minutes.
Mr. DAVIS. There is no Senator in the
Hall that I would yield to quicker than each
of my friends across the way; and if it is
for five minutes only, with the understanding
that we shall then proceed with the consider-
ation of the Louisiana bill, I will give way,
but if I cannot have that understanding I can*
not give way.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object to any such
understanding, for I. intend to have np the
river and harbor bill within One minute. I
shall antagonize the river and harbor bill
against any other bill before this body, and
shall expect to be sustained. ' '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the question is on the motion of
the Senator from We3t Virginia, to proceed t6
the consideration of the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the Louisiana bill was
rejected.
Mr. BOREMAN. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were or dered.
Mr. DAVIS. Now I understand' that my
motion is before the Senate.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not until
the Senate take it up. The question is on
taking it up.
Mr. DAVIS. The question is whether they
will take it up?
Mr. MORTON. What is the object now in
proposing to reopen this question ? What can
be accomplished by it? Does the Senator sup-
pose that this Louisiana bill, this great measure
involving such vast consequences perhaps in
the present, and certainly in the future, can be
disposed of in a few minutes, or to night ? I
will say to my friend that if he expects that,
he is certainly mistaken.
But suppose that bill could pass the Senate
to night as it was amended, or just as it was
introduced by the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Carpenter,] I ask what then ? Is it
supposed it would pass the House? Certainly
not. It can accomplish nothing ; it can do
nothing. It cannot be considered in the
House except upon a two-thirds vote by a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. DAVIS. Is it in order to refer to the
proceedings of the House?
Mr. MORTON. The House cannot get at
it in any other way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from West Virginia raises a point of order.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask whether it is in order
to discuss what the House can or cannot do
this session as an argument against taking up
this bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is no
point of order, and the Chair overrules it.
Mr. MORTON. Here is a bill that has
^passed the House, and if it can pass the Sen-
ate it will become a law, but if it does not
pass the Senate it falls, and the work has to be
done all-over. I refer to the two per cent,
fund bill, in which a number of Senators here
feel a great deal of interest. There are a
number of measures that have passed the
House aside from that, which are important,
and if they can secure the action of the Sen-
ate they become laws. If we pass this Louis-
iana bill it accomplishes nothing; it must go
to the House; it has not been there, and can-
not even be considered there except by a two-
thirds vote. Therefore I submit that nothing
can be accomplished by taking it up except
the loss of time, and I feel very certain if that
bill is taken up it cannot be disposed of be-
tween this and Tuesday at twelve o'clock.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not desire to
occupy a moment's time in the further discus-
sion of this question; but the anxiety which
the Senator from Indiana expressed yesterday
morning to act on this matter is as great as it
was then. Nothing has been done ; the mat-
ter stands now precisely as it did when the
Senator appealed to the Senate to take up the
subject and act on it. Now, so far as I am
concerned, I shall make no detention of time.
I shall not ask to be heard a moment, but
simply to vote on this question. The vote was
taken, as everybody knows, aboutsevcn o'clock
in the morning, when hardly half the Senate
was present.
Mr. ALCORN. I was a member of that
committee which sat so long considering the
Louisiana case. I was not here when the
