1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2089
yote was taken op the bill yesterday morning,
and I am anxious to vote on this,question. I
will vote now to take the bill up and pass it,
and if the House of Representatives shall see
proper not to pass the bill, the responsibility
will b©;.with the House of Representatives, ana
I shall have discharged what I conceive to be
my duty.,
. The Congress of the United States passed a
law by which the district, court of the United
States in certain cases was entitled to assume
jurisdiction in cases of election belonging to
the States—-State elections. Under a law like
this a district judge in Louisiana assumed
jurisdiction of a case in which he had no juris-
diction legally. That judge organized a Legis-
lature in Louisiana and installed a Governor
in the State of Louisiana. It is not the Legis-
lature of the people, it is not the Governor of
the people that to-day presides over the des-
tinies of the people of the_ State of Louisiana.
I am one of those who believe that if the voice
of the people had. been heard at the ballot-box
the Republican Governor and the Rebubliean
Legislature would have been elected, and I
believe if, the opportunity is given the people
to-day they will record their votes in favor of
a Republican government in that State. But
through the chicane and management of the
executive authority in Louisiana all the people
were not permitted to exercise their suffrage
unrestrained at the last election, and the result
was that there was no election that can be
properly claimed as such in a legal sense.
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton]
the other night made an able argument upon
this question. He argued that the supreme
court of the State of Louisiana had settled the_
case and had decided that this Governor and~
this Legislature were the Governor and the
Legislature elected by.that State. With due
deference to that honorable Senator, I under-
take to say that the supreme court of Louis-
iana have deeided no such thing.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call the Senator to
order. He is. discussing the merits of the
question on a motion to take it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains .the point of order. .The Senator from.
Mississippi will confine himself to the motion,
before the Senate, which is to take up the
motion to. reconsider.
Mr. ALCORN". The reasons I. am giving,
for taking.vip the question are aa I have stated
them. Now, I hold that I am in strict con-
formity to the,rules of the Senate when I give
the reasops .why this bill should be taken up.
* The Senator from, Indiana the, other night
declared that this case had been decided by
the supreme court of Louisiana. In justice to
that court I assert that they have not decided
any such thing. They decided upon a certain
board of canvassers that they were legal, but
they did not decide that that board of can-
vassers had the suffrages of the people before
them when they.passed upon this question.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
obs.erv^' again that the Senator ia discussing
oagrits of the question. The Senator can
dispuss the importance of the measure and
the necessity for its present.qonsideratioo, but
under the rule he must avoid discussing its
merits.
' Mr. ALCORN. I will th<?n touch another
branch of the subject. I say that if the opin-
ions and views of the Senator from Indiana
are indorsed by Congress,, the way to over-
throw the liberties of the people of this nation
is open and easy. All you .have to do is to
secure the intervention of thirt.y-seven district
judges, and procure an Executive that will use
the Army to enforce the decrees of those judges,
and the Government is overthrown at once.
Now, sir, the proposition under considera-
tion is that you will refer the matter back to
the people of Louisiana under such guards and
under such protection as will guaranty to these
people free expression of their opinions at the
ballot-box, and as long as ever Congress is
ready to refer questions of this character back
to the people the liberties of the people are
safe in the hands of Congress.
We ask you here to give it back to the peo-
ple. That committee was authorized by the
Senate to go, not to the decisions of> courts,
but down deep to the foundations for all this;
and the tenderness that the honorable Senator
from Indiana manifests when he comes to this
question ought to have been manifested by him
at the time the resolution was introduced and
passed, instructing the Committee on Privileges
and Elections to inquire into the election as
to whether there was a republican form of
Government in the State of Louisiana. That
committee when it goes forward to investigate
the question discovers this state of facts: that
there are two governments in Louisiana; one
of the governments exists without having a
angle vote upon which to base its authority to
exist or maintain its action and its position as
a legislative and as an executive authority in
the State. The other claims that the majority of
votes were cast for it, but that majority was
not determined by any competent authority.
Now, there is no governmentin Louisiana. No
government can be republican in form unless
the executive, the legislative, and the judicial
departments are complete in their organiza-
tion. If any one of the three be wanting, if
the judiciary be intact, and the legislative in-
tact, and there is no executive authority in the
State, then the government is wanting in one
of its characteristics, in one of its main ele-
ments that constitute a government. A repub-
lican form of government is a form of govern-
ment under the Constitution, which is com-
posed of an executive, a legislative, and a
judicial branch, and they must all be in oper-
ation and in force in order to constitute it a
republican government.
Mr. FRELINGH U YSEN. May I interrupt
my friend one minute?
Mr. ALCORN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I would suggest
to him .that if this bill is taken up I think it
could be disposed of—and I take his time be-
cause I mignt have a little trouble in getting
the floor afterward^—it might be disposed of
in this way: the difficulty in that bill before
was that p rt of the Senate wanted the Kel-
logg governmentand part wanted the McEnery
government until May, when the election ia
held. The true way to solve that difficulty ia
to strike out the first section, leave it to the
President to manage from now till May as he
at his discretion may see proper, and then in
May have the election.
Mr. ALCORN. I want neither the Kellogg
government nor the McEnery government, for
I do not believe that either of those govern-
ments represents the will constitutionally
expressed of the people of the State of Louis-
iana ; but I wish that the question shall be
referred back to the people of the State of
Louisiana, and that they shall be permitted to
say what character of government they want,
and w.ho shall be the officers to administer
that government.
I am opposed to the Kellogg government
taking into its hands the management of the
election, I should oppose equally the McEn-
ery government doing it, I believe the
executive department of the nation is the
proper department to take hold of this gov-
ernment and hold it until the people can be
heard from, and I am in favor of that propo-
sition. When I act as a Senator and as a
member of the Committee on Privileges and
Elections, I am not here as a partisan of
either of those, governments, but I am here
asking that the people of Louisiana shall be
permitted to express their will unrestrained at
the ballot-box and declare who their officers
shall be ; and I say that so long as Congress
is reidy and willing to refer the question back
to the people the liberties of the people are
safe; but when Congress says that it will
intrench itself behind an unauthorized de-
cision of a court, and that it will maintain
that decision by an army, the liberties of tba
people of this nation are in danger. ■ I havo
witnessed ;one revolution ; I do not - wish ta
witness another revolution. I was on th«
wrong side of. that; I, trait £ shall b* aa tba
right side of the next. i->'a :•>,
Mr. STEWART. I was1 here.,and sMtid
during a whole night to.get a'TOte on the
Louisiana bill. I believe we ought i,o commit
the election there back to the people.. I sent
out for Senators, begged of tbeni to stay here,
worked all night, tried to > keep , a-quorum
here \ I wasaetive all night long iatbatf. Sew
the question is whether this shall be passed Or
we have an extra session.. We see that.' .The
speech of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Alcorn,] who was not here that night or we
might have carried the bill, for' we oijly lost it
by two votes—if he and others had staid oy us
it would have passed. Just a little mor<e than
half the Senate took enough Interest in it to
remain. If the other half bad been here, I
think the question would have been submitted
to the people of Louisiana. Now I think We
must pass the appropriation bills first before
we get to this matter. I am in favor'of sub-
mitting it to the people, and with a view of
testing the sense of the Senate whether we
shall go on with the appropriation bills or not,
I move to. lay the motion on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not in order.
This is a motion, as I understand it, to proceed
to the consideration of. the motion to recon-
sider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So the Chair
understands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And the Yice President
has ruled over and over again that a motion to
proceed to the consideration at a bill cannot
be laid on the tables . You cannot amend it or
do any other thing about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
overrules the point of order.. This is not
amending the proposition. The Chair under-
stands there is a rule providing that a motion
to proceed to the consideration of a subject
cannot be amended. .This,, however, ig; to lay
that motion oa the table. It is a question that
has priority. The Chair therefore overrules
the point of order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I appeal from that decis-
ion. . . .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont appeals from the decision of the
Chair. The question is, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
Ssn&to ^,  
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only appeal at. this
stage of this session merely for the purpose
of asking that thiB decision of the Chair shall
not be drawn into a precedent; because I think
I could satisfy the Chair from the constant
course of decisions of the Senate that he has
made a mistake j but in the hurry of business
I kqOw I should make, a hundred where the
Chair does one if I were in the chair f but I
do notcomplain of that. I only have appealed
to say that I hope this decision in theJjnrry
will not be taken hereafter, when we have time
enough to consider such a question, as a bind-
ing precedent or the judgment of the Senate.
Having said that, I withdraw the appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on laying oa the table the motion to
proceed to the consideration of the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. CARPENTER. I eall for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
. The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the question ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques- ?
tion is on the motion to lay on the table the
motion to proeeed to the consideration of the
motion to reconsider the vote on the Louisiana
bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I understood the yeas-and
navs had been ordered on my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. . They have
