2040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
now Been ordered on the motion to lay on the
table the Senator's motion to reconsider.
Mr. DAVIS. But previous to that the yeas
and hays had been ordered on my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the mo-
tion is. laid on the table it carries the whole
subject with it.
Mr. LEWIS. On this question I am paired
with my colleague, [Mr. Johnston.] If he
were here he would vote " nay," and I should
vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hitchcock, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pool, Pratt. Ramsey,
Scott, Spencer, Stewart, West, Wilson, Windom,
and Wright—26.
NATS—Messrs.Alcorn, Bayard, Carpenter, Cooper,
Cragin, Davis, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Michi-
gan, Goldthwaite. Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Hill, Howe, Kelly. Xiogao, Morrill of Vermont, Nor-
wood, Ransom, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz,
Sherman, Stevenson, Thurman, Trumbull, and
Vickers—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Caldwell, Cameron, Cas-
serly, Clayton, Ferry of Connecticut, Frelinghuysen,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Johnston, Lewis,
Maohen, Patterson, Pomeroy, Sawyer, Sprague,
Stockton, Sumner, and Tipton—19.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. CHANDLER. I take it the last vote
means that the river and harbor bill is not to
pass. I gave notice that I antagonized it with
this motion, and as no other appropriation bill
is to pass, I surrender and put away the river
and harbor bill and give notice that I shall
not trouble the Senate any more.
Mr. SHERMAN. I voted against laying
this motion on the table, but I intend to vote
to give preference to any appropriation bill
over other business. Subject to the appro-
priation bills, I think the Louisiana matter is
the most important one before us.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, unlike
my honorable friend from Michigan, I shall
not surrender, but 1 shall persevere as long and
as earnestly as I can in an endeavor to secure
final action upon the essential measures belong-
ing to this session. Therefore I shall resist
at this time, and step by step, as far as I am
able, the waste of time implied by this mo-
tion. This is Saturday night, and nearly eight
o'clock ; Sunday and Monday are to intervene
before the Constitution terminates the life of
this session ; and no notice having been given
of the intention to make this motion this even-
ing, unless that notice was given privately to
those whose attendance might be desirable,
without any general notice of this intention, a
motion is made to reconsider a bill which was
considered during nearly twenty-four consecu-
tive hours to the exclusion of everything else.
I might particularize Senators whose vacant
chairs I see who would certainly have been
here to vote against this motion had they
known it was to be made, who will be here in
a short time to vote upon it, and therefore I
regret that my honorable friend has selected a
time when the Senate is so thin 
Mr. DAVIS. Will my friend from New
York allow me one moment?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. This morning I stated to two
or three opponents of the bill that I should
move to go on with the reconsideration of it
as soon as the pending appropriation bill was
disposed of, and among them the most prom-
inent, the chairman of the Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections, and also the Senator
from Louisiana, [Mr. West,] I gave that
notice.
Mr. CONKLING. Well, Mr. President, I
am surprised that the particular time has been
selected when the experience of every day
has taught us that the Senate is certain to be
thin, and when we see by looking around at
the chairs of Senators that although many
more than a quorum are here—I should like
to inquire of the Secretary what the vote was
on the call of the yeas and nays.
The Chief Clerk. Twenty-six to twenty-
eight.
Mr. CONKLING. That is fifty-four; so
that two thirds of the sitting members are
here, one third are gone. Now, I know for
example, there will be no impropriety in my
particularizing, that the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cameron] has a very clear view
that this subject ought not to be taken up fori
action. Had he known that this motion was
to be made, I feel very confident he would
have been here. I have sent out to inquire'
where he lives and I find that his residence is
at the other end of the city; I thought it was
nearer. Therefore we cannot send word to
him. I think I am right in saying only two or
three was the majority by which this motion
escaped the table; so that it is bad economy
of time if the Senator wants to test the sense
of the Senate to do it now when so many Sen-
ators are absent, when only two thirds have
voted on a call of the yeas and nays.
Very likely the vote that has been taken in-
dicates that the motion can prevail to take up
the Louisiana question. The speech which
has been made by the honorable Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Alcorn,] avoiding, as the
rule required him to do, the merits of the
question, and discussing merely the propriety
of taking it up, gives us some flavor of the de-
bate which is in store for us if it is taken up.
I think no Senator believes that if this meas-
ure is taken up now and persevered in until
to morrow morning at as late an hoar as the
Senate can be kept here, the bill can pass
which the honorable Senator who represents
the majority of the committee favors.
In the mean time the river and harbor bill
my friend from Michigan proposes to surren-
der. I hope not. I should like to fight for
that bill under his banner a little while, and
see whether we cannot pass a bill which con-
tains appropriations for some works not only
important, but important in the sense of in-
volving a great public loss if provision is not
made for their continuance,
I should like to see the deficiency bill pass.
I should be glad of an opportunity to take up,
if members of the Senate who have an es-
pecial right to require it shall ask to take up,
some questions of very high privilege which
are pending in the Senate. But ail this is
to be lost if we proceed to consider this bill,
because Monday will certainly be occupied by
reports of committees of conference,every one
of the appropriation bills,except one which has
been acted upon, being now in the castody of
a committee of conference, or still to go
there. If we go through with the wearying
process of this struggle and debate to night,
even if Senators should be willing to have
this parliamentary day continue through Sun-
day, we cannot act upon the measures to
which I have referred and upon which we
ought to act; and that this bill can pass except
after a debate the duration of which alone
would be fatal to it at this session, it deems to
me no Senator can believe.
Now, Mr. President, I have ventured to say
this, thinking that somebody should say it,
with very little hope of being able to change
the mind of any Senator, but with the idea
that I might attract the attention of Senators
who favor legislation on the Louisiana ques-
tion to what I conceive to be the question stand-
ing in front of that measure, namely, whether
we shall run the risk of losing these other
measures upon which we ought to act for the
sake of entering upon a debate which cannot
be avoided, which will not be avoided, but
which will weary out the hours of this night.
Mr. CHANDLER Mr. President, I gave
notice that I would abandon the river and har-
bor bill for the simple reason that there is not
a member of this body who does not know that
if you take up the Louisiana bill it will lead to
a discussion that will last until twelve o'clock
on the 4th dtiy of March next. Hence, when I
gave the notice to the Senate that I did
and should antagonize the river and harbor
bill against this proposition which every man
knows cannot pass, I took the vote of the Sen-
ate as the deliberate judgment of the Senate
that they did not intend and did not wish to
pass any other appropriation bill during this
session; and hence I stated, as my friend from
New York remarked, that I would abandon
the bill because I considered it the deliberate
judgment of the Senate that neither that bill
nor any other appropriation bill should pass
until twelve o'clock noon on the 4th day of
March.
Now, sir, I will make another motion and
another effort. Here we are, at eight o'clock
on Saturday night, on the 1st day of March.
We have just one day more in which to perfect
all the important appropriation bills. We
have two important ones that have not been
considered by this body at all. Wehave Mon-
day left, and that is all ; and yet here a majority
of this body—true, it is not a large majority,
but a majority of this body—under that state
of facts deliberately declare that they will
enter into a discussion that they know cannot
terminate. Was I not right in abandoning
the bill ? I ask every Senator within the sound
of my voice whether I should be justifiable in
pressing that, or whether my honorable friend
from California would be justifiable in pressing
any other appropriation bill until the 4th of
March at twelve o'clock noon. We may just
as well look at this thing precisely as it is. It
is not worth while to shut our eyes to a fact
that is transparent to every one.
Now, sir, I will make a motion again to lay
this motion to reconsider on the table for the
purpose of taking up the river and harbor bill,
and I will take the vote of the Senate upon
this motion as the deliberate opinion of the
Senate that the river and harbor bill is to pass
or is not to pass. If the Senate decide that it
is not to pass, of course that ends it, and I
shall abide, of course, by the decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves to lay the motion
on the table.
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to be heard.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the Senator to with-
draw it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will you renew it?
Mr. LOGAN. I will yield to you to renewit.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw it.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not rise to detain the
Senate with any extended remarks; but I
think it is the duty of some one in behalf of
this bill to say to those who think it an im-
portant matter at least not to be scared from
their propriety. I never could understand the
argument that went in the direction of terrify-
ing Senators from performing what they con-
sidered their duty. The argument that the
Senate is about closing its session and there-
fore we should not take up this bill in reference
to Louisiana, is no better argument in opposi-
tion to taking up that bill than it is in oppo-
sition to taking up the bill in which the Sen-
ator from Michigan is so much interested.
Suppose I should rise here and announce to
the Senate, 4* it is impossible to pass the river
and harbor bill; the Senator from Michigan
knows it cannot be- passed ; we have but one
day more of the session, and therefore it is
nonsense to take it up, but you must take up
something else would that affect the judg-
ment of a sensible man ? Is that reasoning in
the direction of legislation 1 Is that reason-
ing in the direction of the performance of the
duty of the Senate ? Certainly not.
But let us consider the importance of this
matter. The question is before the country
now, whether we shall perform our duty in
reference to the most important question, in
my judgment, that has ever been before Con-
