118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
Indiana the lands known as the bed of Beaver Lake,
lu Newton oonnty, in paid State, appointed at the
last session, and who failed to make roport, be, and
the same are hereby, reappointed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This resolution
is before the Senate by unanimous consent.
The Senator from Kansas [Mr. tomeroy]
the other day suggested that there was some
parliamentary point in regard to it which he
wished to have settled. He does not now
appear to be in his seat. If there is no objec-
tion the Chair will submit the question on
agreeing to this resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask that the papers in
the case of Ann E. Boyle, widow of Junius J.
Boyle, praying for a pension, be taken from
the tiles and referred to the Committee on
Pensions. There has been on adverse report,
but there is important additional evidence,
which I now submit, and ask to have go with
the papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Under the rule
a majority can rerefer where there is additional
evidence, aud if there is no objection it will
be so ordered in this case.
Leave was granted to withdraw the papers,
aud they were referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
bills introduced, ■
Mr. RAMSEY (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1232) to repeal the act of
Congress approved 11th of March, 1872, au-
thorizing the extension of certain expired
patents; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Patents, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. VICKERS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1233) to prevent an appropriation therein
mentioned from lapsing because of delay in
the adjustment; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1234) to grant a pension to Maria P. Harrison
and Sarah M. Dove ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1235) to provide for the removal
of the Otoe Indians of Nebraska to the Indian
territory; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1236) to provide for the recomputation of the
accounts between the United States and the
several States growing out of moneys ex-
pended by said States in the war of 1812;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1237) to provide for the establishment of
life-saving stations on the coast of Florida;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1238) to enable Joseph Fox to make ap-
plication to the Commissioner of Patents for
the extension of letters-patent for machine for
making crackers; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Patents,
and ordered to be printed.
importation of marble altars.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I move to reconsider
the vote indefinitely postponing the bill (H.
It. No. 1854) to authorize Rev. Jeremiah
; Moynihan, of New Orleans, to import one set
! of marble altars free of duty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider will be entered on the Journal, to
be called up at some future time.
Mr. FLANAGAN. That is all I ask at
present.
j3l1za bates.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has expired, and though the hour of
one o'clock has not yet arrived the Chair will
regard the hour as having arrived, and the
Secretary will report the next bill on the Cal-
endar at the point where the Senate left off
yesterday, to be found on page 5 of the gen-
eral Calendar. This is a pension bill reported
adversely.
The Chief Clerk. The next bill iu order
is the bill (S. No. 640) granting a pension to
Eliza Bates.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported adversely on the 21st of March by
the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Sauls-
bury,] from the Committee on Pensions. If
there is no dissent, the bill will be indefinitely
postponed, and it is indefinitely postponed.
salt lake and colorado river railway.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 787) to incorporate the great Salt
Lake and Colorado River Railway Company,
and to grant to said company a right of way
through the public lands of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported on the 26th of March, by the Senator
from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy,] from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, with amendments.
Unless objected to, the Secretary will report
it in full.
Mr. DAVIS. As the Senator from Kansas
( is not present I think the bill had better go
, over for the present.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be passed over.
j. and c. m. dailey.
. The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 868) for the relief of J. and C. M.
Dailey; which was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the' Treasury to pay
Messrs. J. and C. M. Dailey $1,260 in fall for
food furnished the Sioux Indians in the year
1862, upon the application and request of
Mahlon Wilkinson, an Indian agent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a re-
port accompanying the bill, which will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. CoRBfiT*r, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, on the26th of March :
The Committee on Indian Affaire, to whom was
referred the claim of J. and O. M. Dailey for roods
and provisions furnished the Sioux Indians in Min-
nesota, in the year 1862, would report:
That Benjamin F. Pratt was a licensed Indian
trader; that in the year 1801 he formed a copartner-
ship with Messrs. J. and C. M. Dailey, merchants
doing business at St. Paul, in the State of Minne-
sota, under the firm of B. F. Pratt, for the purpose
of trading with the annuity Sioux Indians ; that in
prosecuting their business they built a store at Big
Stone Lake, Dakota Territory, in the latter part of j
the year 1861, and furnished it with gooda, and in
the year 1862 they built another store at Yellow
Medicine, and furnished that with goods.
There were no crops at Big Stone Lake in the
year 1861, and iu the winter about twenty-five hun-
dred Indians were gathered there and supplied with
food by Thomas J. Galbraith, the Government
agent.
On the 1st of July, 1801!, the Indians, began to
assemble to receive their annuities at Yellow Med-
icine, and by the Kith of the month there were about
five thousand there, where they remained until
about the l'Jth day of August, when they began a
war against the people of the United States, and
destroyed the property of traders.
In consequence of the outbreak the Government
confiscated the annuities due the Indians, and used
them to pay for property which they destroyed.
Upon the report of commissioners appointed by the
Government to ascertain the amount of Sioux dep-
redations. the Messrs. Dailey were paid <14,000 for
property destroyed.
As no authority was given for payment of losses
sustained by merchandise charged the Indians, the
Messrs. Dailey, for themselves and as assignees of
B. F. Pratt, now present   claim amounting to
$5,000 for goods, wares, and merchandise sold to tho
Indians at Big Stone Lake.
As all the books and accounts at boU* trading
posts we're destroyed hy the Indians at tho time of
the outbreak, it is difficult to obtain a correct ac-
count of the merchandise which had been charged
to them, but Duncan R. Kennedy, a clerk at the
firm, who had chargc of the businoss at liIs Stone
Lake, makes affidavit that about the 10th of Jmn-,
1862, he looked over tho books to ascertain tho
amount of credit given the Indians there, and ivhilo
he did not figure closely, his impression is that (he
amount was about fivo thousand dollars.
They base their claim for this amount upon the
ground that the Government confiscated annuities
due the Indians ; that their sales were made with I lie
consent and approval of Thomas J. Gal braitb, the In-
dian agent, and with an understanding both with lnin
and the Indians that they should be paid from the
annuities which the Indians wore to receive from
the Government, and that the Government did not
forward money to pay the annuities in time to pre-
vent the outbreak, by reason of which they were
unable to collect from the Indians the amount due
them. Nothingappears in the affidavit of Galbriith
whioh shows that he requested tho traders to furnish
any provisions or merchandise at Big Stone Lake.
While the Indians were waiting at Yellow Medi-
cine for their annuities, they were restless and dis-
satisfied. They commenced digging up and destroy-
ing gardens and killing cattle, so that the agentgnys
that it was absolutely necessary for those who had
provisions to give them some; that the Government
supplies were insufficient to feed them, and that he
told the traders to let the Indians have all they
could, and they did let them have flour, but how
muoh he does not know. This claim is for two
hundred and fifty sacks of flour, at five dollars per
sack, amounting to $1,250.
The books of Messrs. J. & C. M. Dailey, kept at St.
Paul, show that there were at least two hundred and
fifty sacks of flour sent from them about the 2d of
July to Yellow Medicine, and Duncan R. Kennedy,
who did the business of the firm, makes affidavit
that they wore received at that post.
The committee are of the opinion that traders take
all the risk of selling and delivering supplies to the
Indians; that the Government is not amenable to
traders for the non-payment of Indian annuities ;
and that the forfeiture of annuities must of neces-
sity be for the benefit of the Government, and not
for the payment of claims against the Indians. They
therefore report against paying the claim of $5,000
for merchandise sold the Indians at Big Stone Lake.
But as the flour was delivered to the Indians while
they were in a starving condition at Yellow Medi-
cine, and upon tho earnest solicitation and request
of the Indian agent, the committee report in iavor
of paying theclaim for floursodelivered, amounting
to 81,250, and recommend the passage of the accom-
panying bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
EN OS J. PBNNYPACKER.
■ The next bill on the Calendar was. the bill
(S. No.'395) for the relief of Enos J. Penny
packer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tl>js bill was
passed on the 26th of March, but tne Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] entered a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was passed, and the question is now on the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no recollection
of that bill. I do not know why I moved to
reconsider it. I ask to have it read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which proposes
to relieve Enos J. Pennypacker, contractor for
the transportation of mails on route 5007, be-
tween Plymouth, North Carolina, and Frank-
lin depot, Virginia, from all charges and dis-
abilities as a failing contractor on that route,
and to allow the Postmaster General to adjust
and settle his account for Bervice on that route
accordingly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was there a report in
connection with the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The recollec-
tion of the Chair is that it waa explained ver-
bally by the Post Office Committee. There is
a letter from the Post. Office Department
accompanying the bill which perhaps will
explain it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let that be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following tetter:
Post Office Department,
Washington, December iO, 1871.
Sib: I have the honor to transmit herewith a com-
munication from the contract office of this Depart-
ment in answer to the call made upon roe in behalf
of your committee by letter of yesterday's date for
information in the oase of Enos J. Penuypacker, tor
