1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2043
river and harbor bill is a much more mighty
one. I hope the question will oome to a vote.
We have had it ftuly discussed, and I do hope
the Senate will reconsider its vote on the bill.
Mr. BOREMAN. I congratulate you, sir,
and the people of this country upon the fact
that the Democracy of the country seem to be
coming to the conclusion that there is a power
under the Constitution to reconstruct a State
government which is alleged to have been de-
stroyed. Conversions are sometimes very
singular 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think I shall interpose
again and raise the question of order. This is
a motion to take up the question, and I think
this whole discussion is clearly out of order.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order made by the Senator
from Illinois. The latter part of the eleventh
rule states that " motions to take up or pro-
ceed to the consideration of any question shall
be determined without debate upon the merits
of the question proposed to be considered."
The Chair has repeatedly ruled that where the
merits are debated pro or con it is a violation
of the rule, and when the point of order is
raised the Chair must enforce the rule. The
merits of the question, therefore, cannot be
considered.
Mr. BOREMAN. I am sorry I am not
permitted to congratulate the country on this
sudden conversion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You can doit after the
bill is up.
Mr. BOREMAN. It strikes me as moat
marvelous and most remarkable. But, sir, it
maybe that our friends do not like to have
the subject brought to their attention, and
therefore I will try to confine myself to the
particular proposition before the Senate.
However, it seems to me that I have not de-
parted near as far from the line of remark
which is in order under the motion as many of
those who have preceded me; but the Chair
has properly ruled, no doubt, and therefore I
submit and will not transgress.
I had supposd the other day when thi i sub-
ject was under consideration and a vote was
taken, and the bill laid upon the table, that
that was the end of it for the session. With
but a few days left, this subject had had a con-
sideration for one or two days, and after due
deliberation a solemn vote was taken and a
majority of those present deeided that that
should be the end of it for this session. Why,
sir, there are other matters to be considered
besides the Louisiana question. Here is this
whole Calendar of five hundred bills which
are interesting to the people of this country.
I apprehend there is not a Senator here who
has not in charge matters of very considerable
and some of them of vital interest to his con-
stituents, now upon this Calendar.
I do not say this in order to frighten any-
body, nor to deter anybody, or drive men
away from what they deem to be their duty on
this subject; but it is a matter to be consid-
ered by the whole Senate as a practical ques-
tion, whether we shall proceed to the consid-
eration of this matter which we know, if we
know anything of human nature, will consume
the residue of this session and we shall not
have accomplished anything on this question,
and the other legislation will have gone with
it. We cannot accomplish anything on this
bill. From the spirit manifested here, our
friends must see that this Louisiana bill can-
not pass at this session of Congress. It is
regarded by many as of vital importance that
it shall not pass, because it is inaugurating a
scheme, a precedent which may be looked to
in the future to be followed.
Mr TRUMBULL. As I have undertaken
to interfere, I think it my duty to insist on the
point of order. . .
Mr. BOREMAN. I was not touching upon
thp nartieular merits of this proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT, fhe Chair was
conversing for the moment with a Senator
about an appropriation bill now pending and
was not noticing exactly the line of remark.
Mr. BOREMAN. I was talking a great
deal more about other bills than this one.
• Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the very point
I make. The Senator goes on to discuss the
merits of other matters, whioh is more out of
order than it is to discuss the merits of the bill
proposed to be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
ruled on that subject repeatedly, at times when
there was more opportunity for debate than
there is at present at the close of the session.
The rule states that debate shall not be al-
lowed on the merits of the question proposed
to be taken up, and by every inference it
means that other subjects not before the body
shall not be debated. If the thing proposed
to be considered cannot be debated, certainly
others cannot.
Mr. BOREMAN. I have not discussed the
provisions of any bill on the Calendar. I have
not talked about any particular bill. But, sir,
what are we to talk about? [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer the Senator that by this rule the line
of debate is very narrow indeed if the rule is
strictly enforced.
Mr. BOREMAN. I understand that, and I
think I was within the line of the rule. 1 was
endeavoring to show the Senate, without dis-
cussing the merits of any provision of any bill
on the Calendar, that there was so much busi-
ness here of importance that we ought not to
take up this bill because it could not be passed,
and, as a consequence, all the rest would go
by the board. I think that is legitimate and
proper. I was not out of order, to the best
of my judgment. I think that is about all I
have to say, and if my friend from Illinois
had not interrupted me I would have been
through long ago.
Mr. MORTON. I renew the motion to lay
on the table, and insist upon it.
Mr. CARPENTER. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPENCER. I understand the object
of laying this matter on the table at the pres-
ent time is for the purpose of taking up the
river and harbor bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it in order to move
to lay on the table a proposition to take up
a bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule reads!
*' when a question is under debate no motion
shall be received but to adjourn, to proceed to
the consideration of executive business, to lay
on the table," &c. This certainly has been a
question under debate, and by the eleventh
rule it can be laid on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a revolution in the
practice of the Senate. I simply wish to call
the attention of the Senate to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will call the roll. .
Mr. SCOTT. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thcrman. ]
He would vote against this motion- if he were
present, and I would vote for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conk*
ling. Corbett, Flanagan, 1 reunghuyseo, Gilbert,
Harlan. Hitctcook, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Mor-
ton, Nye, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer, Spencer,
Stewart, West, Wilson, Wmdoin, and Wright—29.
MAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayaid. Llair,Carpenter,
CassMly, Cooper, Cragin. D-vis. Edmunds, Penton,
Perry of Michigan, (Joldthwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, kolly Logan, Mor-
rill of Vermont, Norwood, Ransom, Itioo, Robert-
son, Sauisbury, Bchurs, Sherman, htevenson, Trum-
bUiBslNX-MS?"C:ildweU, Cameron. Perry of
Connecticut, Hamlin, Johnston, iewis, JJaehen,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Scott, bprague, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Thurman. and Ti^ton—lo.
So the motion to lay on the table was agreed
to.
RIVER AND HARBOR Bill,.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, Mr, Presi-
dent 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
ask the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chah-
PLWft] who wishes to call up the next bill, to
yield to the Senator from Maine in regard to
an appropriation bill,
_ Mr. CHANDLER. I will as soon as the
river and harbor bill is taken up. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
House bill No. 8922, which is the river and
harbor bill.
The motion was agreed to,
legislative, eto., appropriation bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I now move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the Senate legislative appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The river and
harbor bill will be informally passed over if
there be no objection.
The Senate proceeded to consider the action
of the House of Representatives on the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H, R. No.
2991) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1874,
and for other purposes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
there is a desire that the amendments of the
House should be read, after which, if there is
no further dispute on the part of the Senate,
I shall move a non-concurrence in the aetion
of the House of Representatives, with a view
to the appointment of a committee of con-
ference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendments. The Senator
from Maine moves a non-concurrence and
asks for a committee of conference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the amendments be
read.
The Chief Clerk. The first amendment
of the Senate to the bill was on page 1, line
sixteen, to strike out the word "and" where
it first occurs and insert " $3,600."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have it
read in connection, so that we can under-
stand it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
can omit the votes where the House concurs,
and he will report the non-concurring votes.
The Chief Clj|rk. The House non-concur
in the following numbered amendments of the
Senate to the bill: amendment No. 2, line one,
page 18, to strike out ''$2,500," and insert
"$3,000."
Mft SHERMAN. Does the Senator from
Vermont want them all read or to have the
amendments that are amended read ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where there is a simple
non-concurrence I do not care about the read-
ing, I want to get at what new things the
House have proposed,
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendments of the
House to the Senate amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont desires the new propositions to
be reported. The Secretary will therefore
read the proposed amendments of the House
of Representatives to the Senate amendments.
The Chief Clerk. The House propose to
amend the first amendment of the Senate,
which was to strike out of the bill on page 1,
line sixteen, the word "and" and insert
'■ $3,600;" so that theclause will read: " prin-
cipal clerk, $3,600." The House agree to that
amendment with an amendment, as tollows,
Add to said amendment:
That on and alter the 4th day of March, A. D.
1873 the President of the United States shall re-
ceive for his services during the term for which ho
shall have been elected, the sum of saO.WJO per
annum in full for his services, to be^ paid quar-
terly at the Treasury; tho Vice President ot tne
United States shall also receive for his seroees
during the term for which he shall have been alec-
ted the sum of $10,000 per annum in full tor hie
services, to be paid quarterly at the Treasury; and
