120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
December 11,
The Chief Clerk read the following report
submitted by Mr. Pool on the 3d of April,
1872.
The Committee on Revolutionary Claims, to whom
was referred the memorial of the administrator of
the estate of the late Lieutenant Joseph Wheaton,
and the letter of the Secretary of the Interior of
tbe 27th of March, 1872, relative to the same, report:
That the evidence before thecommittee shows that
Lieutenant Joseph Wheaton served in the Rhode
Island line from the commencement to the close
of tbe revolutionary war; that his father and ten
brothers all held commissions as officers m the British
service, and that he alone sacrificed his home and
domestic ties for the cause of liberty: that he was
disinherited by his father. Colonel Caleb Wheaton,
who commanded a regiment of British pioneers,
who, to tbe day of his death, never forgave his son
for what he considered sWislovalty to the King of
Great Britain in joining "the Yankee rebelsthat
on the 11th of May, 1775, and long before war was
declared, he joined a band of volunteers and took
an active part in cap taring the Margaretta and two
other armed British schooners which was of great
service to us in after times, and was the first advant-
age gained over our enemies on the waters. In this
service h« received a severe saber wound on the
head, which troubled his mind through life, and
terminated in his dying in the insane asylum, in
Baltimore, in the year 1823.
After tbe war was declared Joseph Wheatoa joined
the Rhode Island line in Colonel Israel Angell's
regiment, and sharing in all the battles in which
that part oi the Army was engaged, which seems to
have been many, never left his regiment until the
end of the war. He was invested with a commission
as colonel in the war ot 1812, through the whole of
which he served with distinguished ability.
By the acts of Congress of 3d and 21st of October,
1780, the Government of the United States promised
to pay to each and all the offioers, individually, who
should continue to serve until the end of the war,
half pay for life, and to pay the same to said officers,
or their legal representatives, in speoieorother cur-
rent money, at the end of each and every year for
life. This was a distinct offer and convenant, stipu-
lated by the most solemn act of tbe Government, in
1780. after tour years and upward of hard service in
fiela and camp by Joseph Wheaton, among others,
and was offered as an inducement to cause him to
oootinoe in the service until defeat or victory should
mark tbe closeof the contest. If defeated, he, with
bis compeers, had notbiug to hope forbut the rebel's
fate; if victorious, he would have tbe stipulated
compensation ef the promised half pay to buy him
bread for the balance of his days. He accepted the
offer, fulfilled the contrast, and served to the end of
the war, thus establishing his unqualified right to
said half pay.
It was decided by the Court of Claims, in the case
of Thomas H. Baird, administrator of Dr. Absalom
Baird, deceased, that the acts of Congress of 3d Mid
21st of October, 1780, created a legal liability against
the United States in favor of the officers therein re-
ferred to. whieb no subsequent legislation by Con-
gress could release without the assent of the other
party. Your committee find that this decision of
the Court of Claims was sanctioned by Congress by
an act approved August 18, 1856.
The Committee on Revolutionary Claims) in the
Thirty-Sixth Congress, made a favorable report in
this case, and in the Thirty-Seventh Congress the
claim was referred by resolution of the House to the
Secretary of the Interior for adjustment. In reply
the Secretary of the Interior submits the following
letter:
Department op the Interior,
Washington, March 27, 1862.
Sib : I have the bomor u> acknowledge the receipt
of a resolution of tbe House of Representatives,
adopted on the 14thinstant, referring to this Depart-
ment for adjustment the claim of Mary A. Berault,
administratrix of tbe late Joseph Wheaton.
Upon an examination of tbe papers referred to
me, I am fully satisfied of the justice of this claim,
and concur in the report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims in its favor. The services of
Lieutenant Wheaton were of a highly meritorious
character, and continued from a time anterior to
tbe passage ef tbe act of Congress of October, 1780,
promising half pay for life to those who should
serve until the end of the war, until the final and
successful termination of the revolutionary struggle.
The principle upon whieb tbe claim is based has
been recognized and sustained by the Court of
Claims, in the case of Dr. Baird, and the decision of
that Court has received the sanction of Congress.
I should not hesitate to adjust and allow the
claim, as recommended by the resolution of the
House of Representatives, if any fund were placed
at my disposal from which it could be paid; Dut no
appropriation has been made whioh is applicable
to the payment of claims of this character.
I therefore return the papers, with a recommend-
ation that an appropriation be made by Congress
for it* payment.
I am, sir, with treat respect, yeur obedient
servant, CALEB B. SMITH,
Secretory of the Interior.
Hon. Gautsha A.Gbow,
Speaker of the Houte of Representative*,
At the last session of the Forty-First Congress the
claim was passed by the House b.y atwo-tbirds vote,
and this committee unanimously reported in favor
of its passage by the Senate, but owing to the late-
ness of the session no action was taken upon it by
the Senate.
Your committee are of opinion, from a careful ex-
amination of the case, that this claim is embraced'
within the aets of the 3d and 21st of October, 1780.
The half pay should terminate on the 24th day of
March, 1818, when Lieutenant Wheaton was plaoed
on the pension-roll, and there should be deducted
from the said half pay any payments made by the
Government to said Wheaton on aooount of his said
services.
Your committee report the accompanying aob, and
recommend its passage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of gome person who may know, what amount
is involved in this bill?
Mr. CORBETT. I cannot state the exact
amount.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is very BmalL
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the half pay of
this officer.
Mr. CORBETT. The pay was very low at
that time ; much lower than it is now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it not the half pay
of a colonel ?
Mr. CORBETT. No, sir ; I think not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the half
pay of a lieutenant of infantry in the Rhode
Island line during the revolutionary war, under
the act of Congress of October 21, 1780.
Mr TRUMBULL. And it continues down
to 1818, as I understand the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it is the half pay
of a lieutenant during the Revolution and down
to 1818.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My recollection
about it is that the pay of a lieutenant at that
time was about sixty dollars a month.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it is for a
period of nearly forty years. I would inquire
it' the bill provides for the payment of interest
also?
Mr. CORBETT. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will probably
appear afterward.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is "for the
half pay due him under the act of Congress
af October 21, A. L). 1780, as a lieutenant of
infancy in the Rhode Island line during the
revolutionary war ; and in the settlement and
adjustment of said.claim the principles recog-
nized and eta braced in the decision of the
Court of Claims of the United States in the
case of Thomas H. Baird, administrator of
Dr, Absalom Baird, deceased, and which ivere
sanctioned by an act of Congress approved
August 18, A. D. 1856, shall be accepted by
the Third Auditor as the basis on which such
settlement and adjustment shall be made."
Mr. HOWE. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Oregon, who represents this Mr.
Wheaton?
Mr. CORBETT. I cannot telL I do not
know who represents him now. The chair*
man of the committee, the Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Pool,] who reported the bill,
is not present; but the bill was considered
in committee and it was regarded as a very
meritorious case, and the committee thought
the bill ought to pass. I know we tried to get
it up at the last session two or three times. I
think there cannot be any objection to the bilL
Mr. HOWE. Would it not be better to
allow this case to go over utuil the Senator
from North Carolina arrives?
Mr. CORBETT. I believe the parties rep-
resented are very needy, and by passing it
over from time to time they have been very
often disappointed.
Mr. HOWE. What I wish to know is, are
they the heirs of Mr. Wheaton, or the credit-
ors ?
Mr. CORBETT. I understand they are tbe
heirs of Mr. Wheaton. I believe the language
of the bill is, "the legal representatives."
The bill speaks for itself.
Mr. HOWE. The bill, I see, is for the
relief of the administrator of Joseph Wheaton.
When he gets the money I want to know what
will become of it.
Mr. ANTHONY. His debts are outlawed
long ago.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So is the claim.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will merely read an
extract from a letter written by Caleb B.
Smith in March, 1862, in regard to this matter :
"I should not hesitate to adjust and allow the
olaim as reoommended by the resolution of the
House of Representatives, if any fund wero placed at
my disposal from which it could be j>aid ; but no ap-
propriation has been made whioh is applicable to
the payment of claims of this character.
This bill is merely carrying out the solemn
agreement that Congress made. To lav it
aside now is to defeat it. It is a Senate bill,
and it will have a chance to have another
examination in the House of Representatives
if passed now.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator would tell
us why the Government did not pay this when
Wheaton was living. If it stands upon the
faith of a statute, why was not the statute
observed ?
Mr. ANTHONY. A great many other
claims against the Government have not been
paid, as the Senator very well knows.
Mr. HOWE. Well, yes; but not standing
upon the faith of a statute, as this is said
to do.
Mr. ANTHONY. But while standing on
the faith of a statute, there was no appropri-
ation for it. This is one of the very few cases
that the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
have reported. They have had a great many
before them ; they have examined them very
carefully, and almost all of them have been
rejected.
Mr, CORBETT. I will state that this was
considered one of the most meritorious cases
that came before our committee, and I was
urged when it came up in the Senate to press
it to its passage. I believe there were only
three cases reported by the committee during
the entire session.
Mr. TIPTON. However meritorious this
oase may be, it doeB not seem to be under-
stood in the Chamber, and therefore I hope it
will go over for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nebraska objects.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator allow
the bill to go over informally, to be called up
at the end of the Calendar, as I suppose the
chairman of the committee will be here in a
day or two f
Mr. TIPTON. Yes, sir,
Mr. ANTHONY. That can be done by
general consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over informally and the Senator may
ask unanimous consent at the end of the Cal-
endar to call it up. The Chair has stated that
under this rule the Calendar must be proceeded
with regularly to its close unless it be waived
on motion.
BENJAMIN COOXiBY AND JAlfES W. BOS WELL.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 911) for the relief of Benjamin Cooley
and James W. Bos well.
Tbe VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Oregon, [Mr.
Kelly,] from the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, on the 8d of April, with a
written report. Unless objected to, the bill
and the report will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the Ijill. It empowers
the Peatntaster General to examine, adjust,
and settle the claims of Benjamin Cooley and
James W. Bos well for carrying the mails from
Washington, District of Columbia, to Pooles-
ville, Maryland, being- routes No. 3298 and
No. 8304, from July 1,1860, to Jupe 80,1864,
and to award them such compensation for
carrying the increased bulk of mail matter as
he may deem just and proper, not exceeding
the 8qm of $1,200 to either of the contractors.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let nsbear tbe report
in the case.
