2046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
gress should not have been fixed at the pitiful
gum that is mentioned in the House amend-
ment. It ought to have been $10,000. I
would ask why it is that a judge of the Supreme
Court should receive $10,000, when he is pro-
vided for after his retirement for life?. A
member of Congress never expects to get a
dime from the Government in . any way, man-
ner, or shape after he leaves his seat here.
His expenses are as great as the expenses of a
judge of the Supreme Court),and if his intel-
lect is not equal it ought to be, and it is: the
fault of the people if they send inferior men
here. They have the opportunity to select the
best, and the consequence is upon them when-
ever they do not.
For my part I would willingly vote for a sal-
ary of $10,000. I do not think my constitu-
ents would hold me responsible and say I had
done wrong. If I were to vote against a bill
for the increase of the salary they would say
that my vote was not a candid vote; that
although I had thus voted it was simply for
buncombe ; that they knew I would rather
have it, and I know so, too, [laughter] and I
think there are few Senators who would not, if
they voted candidly as they feel, vote for a bill
to increase the salaries. I should not have
made the proposition, but it is here before us.
I think it is meritorious; I think it ought to
pass, and I shall vote for it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not mean to take
up time, because we have not much, but I
wish to answer my friend from Wisconsin,
who says that nobody but millionaires are for
the rejection of this House amendment, by
stating that I am very much obliged to him
for finding out that I am a millionaire. My
creditors would be very glad to know that fact,
if my friend from Wisconsin will indorse the
statement, so that it can be discounted at any
bank.
Now, Mr. President, to be serious about
this business, my motion is based simply upon
this idea for the present; that I have not the
time to go into the discussion of the question
of whether my salary ought to be raised, or
whether the salary of any of the rest of the
public servants ought to be raised, over which
we can have jurisdiction at the next session
of Congress upon a proper bill for the pur-
pose, instead of being driven to it on the
last day of the session on an appropriation
bill. As to the President of the United States
the case is different. We cannot make any
change in his salary next year, however much
we may be satisfied of the propriety of such a
change. I believe that considering the growth
and the extent of this country and its popula-
tion and the amount of national hospitality
and expense that the President is obliged to
submit to, it is proper, as a matter of justice
as well as for the dignity of this people, that
his salary should be largely increased. My
only opportunity to do that is to do it now.
As to all the others, my opportunity occurs
next December. That is the ground of my
motion.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall vote for this
amendment mainly because I think the salary
of the President ought to be increased. I
think besides that a number of officials here
ought to have higher salaries. As to the pay
of members of Congress, I do not care a but-
ton about it myself. I came here first at
eight dollars a day, and that pay covered all
my expenses then. After a while I got $3,000
a year, and it took all of that to pay them ; and
now I get $5,000 a year, aud although I have
no family here except my wife and myself it
costs me twenty-five dollars a week more than
I receive from the Government for my board.
But to me it makes no difference what the pay
is. There are other gentlemen, however, who
come here to serve the country and who ought
to be paid a fair and reasonable compensation.
When a man gets as old as I am it makes very
little difference what salary he gets. If he
cannot live himself somebody will take care
of him and help him t6 live. But a member
of Congress certainly ought to be paid as much
here as he can make at home, and so ought
all of these officials.
The truth is that the expenses of living have
grown every year for the last fifty years in the
city of Washington. I said when I first came
here I got eight dollars a day; but I made a
mistake. That was when I came to the Sen-
ate. When I first came to this city I got ten
dollars a week, and I boarded then for four
dollars a week. Afterward I got eight dollars
a day, and I had the best living there was in
Washington. I boarded at Gadsby's, and we
had Canvas-back ducks on the table every day
in the season, and everything else in propor-
tion, and I only paid ten dollars a week board.
Mr. Buchanan, my predecessor, paid nine dol-
lars for his board. Now members of Congress
pay from forty-five to seventy-five dollars a
week i and why should they not receive a sal-
ary sufficient at least to pay their expenses ?
I know there is a delicacy about this subject
with most men. I was going to say they were
afraid to speak their sentiments. I do not
mean that in an offensive way, but they have
a delicacy about saying anything in relation to
their own compensation. If you are going to
raise the pay of members of Congress and the
other officials you must do it when you are going
to do it for the President. He has a high
official position, and reputation and character
enough to sustain the obloquy, if there is any
relating to it, and the others must come in
under his shadow, or else you will not get it.
I listened to my friend, the Senator from Ver-
mont, when he said he would vote for the in-
crease of the salary of the President and for
none else; but he added, at some other day
he would vote to raise the others. Sir, that
day will not come in the next four years.
But Mr. President, I repeat, to me it is of
little consequence whether the pay is increased
or not, for I would rather serve here without
any pay than pass my remaining days in any
other position; but I now speak for gentle-
men who are not so fortunate as to have
secured by their labors a competence in early
life to enable them to live here without pay.
Mr. LOGAN. I think the Senate, or some
Senators at least, misapprehend this proposi-
tion so far as the salaries of members of Con-
gress are concerned. If I vote to increase my
salary and am to be charged with it, I propose
that my vote shall increase it if the measure
passes. This proposition for an increase of
the salaries of members of Congress is a farce.
It does not increase them at all. It increases
some a very small amount and reduces others.
For iustance, we now receive $5,000 per
annum and mileage, besides stationery, $125.
My mileage amounts to $800, and my other
perquisites to about $200, making $1,000.
Then 1 get under this proposition $600 in
excess of that amount.
Mr. SCHUKZ. That is not your mileage
for a session.
Mr. LOGAN. No; for the two years, for
a Congress. It is a very small increase, and
for such an increase as that I do not propose
to vote for auy such proposition. If I am to
increase my salary I want it really increased.
Five hundred dollars is no object to me, nor
is $700, nor is it to anybody. The salaries
of the members who live on the Pacific
coast are reduced by this House amendment.
Their mileage amounts to more than the
increase over $6,000. I do not want to vote
to reduce their salaries, nor shall I do it. If
I am to be accused of voting to increase mv
salary I want it increased, and I do not want
a proposition for an increase of the salary of.
members of Congress in order to carry the
salaries of other men when it does not increase
them. I am willing to vote for the increase
of salaries of some officers mentioned in the
amendment. I think it ought to be done.
There are many bureau officers in the city of
WTashington whose house rent amounts to
almost as much as their salaries, and it is an
imposition upon these men to require them to
perform the labor they do at the salaries they
receive. But, sir, I do not want anything
that is a mere tub thrown out to the whale.
If we increase the salaries, let the salaries of
all officers be increased in the same ratio. If
you do that, I have no objection: but unless
you do, I have. If a portion is to be increased
and a portion stricken down, I shall vote
against the whole proposition from head to
foot. If it is a fair proposition I am willing
to vote for it, but not otherwise. I do not
think this is a fair proposition. Hence I shall
vote to strike out the increase of salaries of
members of Congress; the other portion is
proper and right, and I am willing to vote for
that.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am opposed to the entire
amendment as it comes from the House of
Representatives. I am opposed to it in all its
parts. I state my reasons for this opposition
on two grounds. If there ia any one thing that
the party to which I belong is committed more
than another it is economy in the administra-
tion of this Government. We went to the
people of this nation upon that as a part of
our platform. The people of this nation had
a right to believe that we were honest, and
now the first opportunity that we have to give
evidence of that honesty we propose to in-
crease the salary of every leading officer in
this nation. Not alone the Republican party
of this country but the other party as well was
committed to the same doctrine. Now I be-
lieve that all parties in this nation should act
honestly with the people, and in proportion
as they fail to act honestly with tne people
in the same degree must they fail, and they
ought to.
In the next place, Mr. President, I am op-
posed to this proposition for the reason that,
in my judgment, this is of all times the most
inopportune for it. Now while I am talking
to you, and since we have commenced this ses
sion, every day we have had evidence of the
difficulty of*the Government in absolutely pay-
ing for the actual wants of the Government in
its actual and necessary administration. We
know that so far as the taxes are concerned,
as now assessed, it is almost impossible to pay
the actual running expenses of the Govern-
ment in connection with the interest upon our
publio debt. All over this land there is a com-
plaint of taxation, and want, and suffering.
Every day the cry comes to us from the peo-
ple. I recognize this as a Government of the
people. I recognize it as our bounden duty to
remember who they are, and their condition.
I say no man is guiltless who stands here and
forgets that this is a Government of the people
and their condition, and when we ignore that
and stand here and take counsel from our feel-
ings or our own interests instead of the in-
terests of the people, we are untrue to them
and the high trust that devolves upon us.
Mr. President, you may talk here about
only those who are able to live being opposed
to this proposition; I say for myself if any
one upon this floor be poorer than I, I know
him not; but that matters not to me ; I stand
here as a humble Representative of the peo-
ple, representing in part my own State; I
know the condition of the people throughout
this land ; I know how they are burdened with
taxes, and I say it will never do for us here to
ignore these facts that come to us every day,
and because we think in our own opinion that
salaries are not sufficiently high, to take this,
of all other occasions the most inopportune, to
advance them.
I say, therefore, we are untrue to the pledges
we have made to the people ; we are untrue to
the people themselves, if we at this time by
this general bill undertake to increase salaries.
I say, in view of the condition of the people,
they are high enough already. There never has
been a time yet but that good men throughout
the land have sought these places at the salaries
