122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
interest upon the amount due him, it would
seem but just that he should receive not only
the amount of the commissions, but the inter-
est which the Government wrongfully oollected
of him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has he paid the judg
tnent?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. The judgment
btis been paid.
The bill wag reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
railroad in wyoming.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 125) to aid in the construction of a
railroad from a point on the Union Pacific
railroad at or near Church Butte station, in
tiie Territory of Wyoming, to the headwaters
of Smith's Fork, in the Uintah mountains.
.Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that can wait
until to morrow. I object to its present con-
sideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill be
passed over.
assay office at helena.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 809) to establish an assay office at
Heleua, in the Territory of Montana.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It requires the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to establish an assay office at Helena, in the
Territory of Montana, for the receipt of gold
and silver bullion, melting and Tefining by
ti'ixes. and assay and return to depositors of
the s<mie in bars, with the weight, fineness,
and value stamped thereon. For the carrying
on of the business of the office the following
officers are to be appointed as soon as the pub-
lic interest shall require their services, upon
the nomination of the President, by and with
thp advice and consent of the Senate, namely:
pit assayer and a melter ; and the assayer may
employ an assistant assayer and clerk, and as
many workmen and laborers, under the direc-
tion of ihe Secretary of the Treasury, not
exceeding six in number, as may be required.
The salaries of these officers and clerks are to
be: to the assayer, $2,500; to the melter,
$2,000; to the clerk, $1,800; and the subor-
dinate workmen and laborers are to receive
such wages as are customary, according to
their respective stations and occupations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire
of my friend from Iowa who reported the bill
[Mr. Wright] whether those salaries corre-
spond in amount to the salaries fixed by law
for the other assay officers in those western
Territories ?
Mr. WRIGHT. I will state to the Senator
from Vermont that my recollection is not clear
on the subject. The bill was drawn in accord-
ance with a recommendation of the Secretary
of the Tieasury and reported from the Finance
Committee on such recommendation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On looking at the
statutes I find that the salaries are the same
as in the other cases.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
oregon and washington indian wars.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 511) to amend an act entitled ''An
act to provide for the payment of expenses in-
curred by the Territories of Washington and
Oregon in the suppression of Indian hostili-
ties iu the years 1855 and 1856," approved
March 2, 1861.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
judges in mississippi.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(8. No. 913) to provide for the appointment
of a disLrict judge in each of the judicial dis-
tricts of Mississippi.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that had better
go over.
Mr. AMES. Let the bill be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
REAR ADMiKAL TURNKU.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 409) for the relief of Rear Admiral
Thomas Turner j which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides for pay-
ing to Rear Admiral Thomas Turner $6,741,
out of any prize money in the Treasury, in full
for his claim to prize money realized upon the
condemnation and sale of the vessels Chero-
kee, Aries, and St. John.
The Secretary read the following report
submitted by Mr. Ferry, of Michigan:
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 409) for the relief of Rear
Admiral Thomas Turner, made the following re-
port:
That the claimant was a commodore in immediate
command of a squadron blockading the port of
Charleston at the date of the following captures of
blockade runners: the Cherokee, May 8, 1863;
Aries, March 26, 1863; St. John, February 2t>, 18G4.
They were adjudged as lawful prizes and condemned
by the United States district court at Boston—the
Cherokee, December 29, 1863; Aries and St. John,
February 26, 1864—and the proceeds arising from
their sale was paid into the United States Treas-
ury—the Cherokee, February 9,1864; Aries and St.
John, March 22,1864,_ Of the total net proceeds for
distribution, amounting to $337,206 04, one half was
adjudged to the United States and one half to the
captors.
The Navy Department deciding that Admiral Du-
pont was to be regarded as the superior officer in
immediate commaad, and was therefore entitled to
one twentieth, the claimant applied, under the act
of June 30,1864,- for a share of one fiftieth, as divis-
ional eouunander.
The Secretary of the Navy, September 8, 1864, re-
ferred to the Attorney General for an opinion,
which, given under date of September 30,1864, the
Navy Department has considered as applicable to
this cose, and in its judgment there is sufficient
grounds for its rejection.
This opinion, quoted at length in report of Senate
Committee on Naval Affairs, dated April 5, 1866,
holds that the language of the act referring to
"prize proceedings then pending" does not apply
to the distribution of the prize money after proceed-
ings in the case are ended.
The distribution of prize money in this case had
been ordered by the Navy Department March 22,
1864, or before the passage of the act of June 30,1804.
Under laws existing at the date of distribution, but
one flag officer could be recognized,; and the admiral
in command, though not with that portion of his
fleet that made the c&pfcnro, mi adjudged by the
Navy Department to be the one entitled to <fce one
twentieth, as such officer.
This provision of law left the claimant the only
officer ofthe fleet making the capture not sharing in
the distribution.
By the provisions of the latter law of June 30,1864,
recognizing in certain cases the right of two or more
flag officers to share in prize money, the claimant
would undoubtedly have been entitled to a just
proportion of the proceeds resulting from the cap-
tures. But the decision based upon the opinion of
the Attorney General, that the law was not retroac-
tive in cases where prize proceedings had ended,
disappointed the expectations of the claimant that
he would be entitled to the benefit of its provisions,
and has led him to appeal to Congress for special
legislation in his behalf.
He claims one fiftieth of the net proceeds result-
ing from the sale of the captured vessels*' which is
the proportion to which his flag would have entitled
him had the capture been made subsequent to the
passage of the act before cited.
A bill for the relief of the claimant wa# introduced
in the Senate at the first session of the Thirty-Ninth
Congress, and an accompanying report was pre-
sented by the Committee on Naval Affairs, the clos-
ing paragraph of which is herewith quoted:
' The committee think there is equity in the claim
of the memorialist. The admiral commanding the
squadron has received one twentieth, although at
the time of the capture he was not with that portion
ofthe fleet which made the capture; and all the
subordinates who, under the orders of the memorial-
ist, made the capture have shared in the prize, and
the only officer mot sharing is . the memorialist.
Because of this fact, and the fact that the. district
court of Massachusetts, in administering the law of
1864, allows prize in such case, the comwittee are
of the opinion that, upon the grounds of .equity,
the claim of the memorialist should he allowed,
and therefore report the accompanying bill for his
relief." • •
The conclusions therein setforth are 'ully indorsed
by the present committee, and as the justice of the
claim haa never been questioned, the committee re-
port back the bill providing for the appropriation of
$6,741, out of any prize money in the Treasury, to
pay Rear Admiral Turner in full for his claim to
prize money realized upon the condemnation and
sale of the vessels Cherokee, Aries, and St. John,
and recommend its passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should Ijke to fnqtoire
of the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs whether there are any other cases that
would be covered by this as a precedent ? The
substance of this case is that this gentleman
was not entitled by law to this money at the
time these captures were made. The law was
afterward changed and subsequent captures
were distributed under a different rule. Now,
if we are to go back and revise all the past
prizes and prize cases and declare that officers
who under the old laws were not entitled to a
particular proportion or any proportion of
prize money shall now have a readjustment
made upon the theory of fresh legislation, we
open a pretty wide door for claims upon the
Treasury, and I should be very glad to have
this matter explained by the committee before
I see my way clear to vote for the bill.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I will answer
the Senator from Vermont by stating that, so
far as I know, there is no other case before the
committee, and 1 think, as stated in the report,
that Commodore Turner was the only officer
engaged in these captures who has not received
a portion of the prize money. As was. well
stated by the Senator from Vermont, it is not
a legal claim but an equitable one. The case
came up as stated in the report of 1866, when
Mr. Hendricks, then reporting in behalf of
the Naval Committee, reported favorably to
the allowance ofthe claim.
The Senator from Vermont has said that
according to the existing law at the time the
captures were made this officer was ruled out
of his proportion of the prize money because
the law recognized but one flag ofjieer and
there was a superior officer in command of the
fleet, though not immediately connected with
the capture by the squadron, for Admiral,
then Commodore, Turner was at the head of
•the squadron and captured this prize. On
account of that fact of the non-recognition of
more than oue flag officer, the Navy Depart-
ment directed that the prize money should be
awarded to the commander of the fleet, Ad-
miral Dupont. The other officers under him
have received their share of the prize money.
The law of 1864 provides now.for more than
one flag officer, and inasmuoh as Commodore,
now Admiral, Turner was in charge of the
squadron that captured these prizes, it would
seem hardly just to him to make him an excep-
tion DDi account of the exceptional character
of this existing law. It is a case of equity,
and I was instructed by the committee to
report in favor of the passage of the billi
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Mich-
igan has succeeded in convincing me that this
is not a very equitable claim. 1 hope he has
been equally successful with others. The
prize laws of the United States have at all
times declared that the Government which
furnishes the ships and pays the officers and
men shall have one half of the money. If you
pass this bill the Government does not g«tone
half of the prize money in this case^ but it gets
just that much less what this billtakes out of
the Treasury. This is not an adjustment of
prize money that was due to somebody who
made these captures, because all those'to whom
it was due have received theirhalf,'but by law
this gentleman and every other gentleman situ-
ated as he: was, it seems, was not entitled to
a share. Now, then, this bill proposes that
on account of the fact that the law as it then .
stood did not entitle this gentleman -to this
particular share of this particular prize, a' por-
tion of the share of the United States, which
under all prize laws has hitherto been reserved,
shall be taken! and paid to him. That upsets
the whole theory ot the prise laws, the pres-
ent laws and the old laws, aud therefore,
however unfortunate it may be that this man,
who covered himself with glory I have no
doubt on that occasion, failed to make $6,000
by it,' I do not see any ground on which it
ought to be taken out of the Treasury.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I will remind
