1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1087
Mr. DICKEY. Will the gentleman.from
Illinois [Mr. Moore] yield to me for a ques-
tion?
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois how he distinguishes between
these employes and other civil employes of the
Government?
Mr. DICKEY. That is substantially the
question I was going to ask.
Mr. HOLMAN. These men are not con-
nected with either the naval or military estab-
lishment of the Government, and certainly we
have never pensioned any class of persons not
connected with one or the other of these two
branches of the public service.
Mr. MOORE. I do not propose to make
any explanation to the House; members under-
stand this matter just as well as I do.
Mr. COX. I am opposed to this measure,
for the reason that it proposes an increase of
the naval pension list, which is large enough
already. If our Government were now com-
mencing de novo I think it would be very wise
to have no pension laws. It is not in accord-
ance with a republican system to have_ people
pensioned. But now that we are in this busi-
ness, let us not increase it.
The gentleman from Illinois says these men
are entitled to pensions because they have
suffered exposure and run risks. Well, sir,
nearly all the civil officers of this Government
undergo more or less risk and exposure. Even
members of Congress sometimes run risks.
[Laughter.] They are exposed to temptation
and disease; yet we do not propose to pension
them.
Mr. MOORE. You mean, I suppose, that
they are exposed morally.
Mr. COX. In that way and in other ways.
Everybody living in the city of Washington is
exposed to the malaria, &c.
Mr. MOORE. Does the gentleman refer
to anything that occurred last fall ?
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will allow me
a moment,. I propose to kill his proposition, if
the House is in the humor for a little homicide.
The men whom the gentleman from Illinois
asks us to pension do not run any special
risks; they lie around in our harbors and bays;
they encounter no particular danger. More
than that,'if we add to the pension list any
officers belonging to the civil service, we do
not know where the matter will end. These
men do not enlist like soldiers or sailors; they
are not under the control of the Navy or War
Departments ; they are connected with the
Secretary of the Treasury, and obey his orders
in collecting the revenue. I hope the time
will come when this whole revenue system may
be wiped out, including custom-houses, with
all their corruptions. At any rate, I will
never pension or assist in pensioning men con-
nected with so rotten a system.
Mr. DICKEY. I wish to put a question to
the gentleman from Illinois. Are the men in
this Treasury marine enlisted, and are there
officers commissioned, or are they simply em-
ployes of the Secretary of the Treasury in the
same way as clerks or as men working at the
custom-house? .
Mr. MOORE. I am somewhat surprised
that the gentleman should ask such a question-
My reason for not wanting to say much on this
subject was that I supposed every member of
Congress thoroughly posted upon it. The
officers of the revenue marine are regular y
commissioned ; they are promoted regularly
from one rank to another after a certain
amount of training for this particular business
upon the high seas. The men who man these
vessels are enlisted for a certain period, and
ure sailors just as much as any upon our naval
vessels ; and they are just as much exposed to
the perils of the sea. But, Mr. Speaker, I do
not propose to dircuss this question. 1 yieid
to the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. stough-
ton ]
Mr. STOUGHTON. Mr. Speaker, I am in
favor of granting the largest latitude to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions when they
present appropriate subjects for our bounty.
But it does seem to me that this measure goes
a great deal too far. Why, sir, we refuse to-
day to give bounty to men who lost their health
during the war of the rebellion, if they were
discharged from the service on account of dis-
ability incurred in the line of duty. They may
get pensions, but they get no bounty. This
may not be just; but it is the law as adminis-
tered at the Deparment. Now, what is it pro-
posed to do in this bill? It is proposed to
pension the employes of the Government who
collect the revenue. If we go thus far where
shall we stop? Why not pension collectors?
Why not pension all the clerks in the Treasury
Department? We might do this with equal
propriety. It is true the men referred to in
this bill are sometimes, not very often, on
board ship or small sloop or small steamer,
but they incur no great hazard. They are iu
no battles, they are in no fights, and they do
nothing which subjects them to any great haz-
ard ; their duty carries them to no place where
they are iu any greater danger than in any of
the ordinary avocations of life. I think the
House will not entertain this bill, and I there-
fore move to lay it on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was laid on the
table; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lieutenant herman tuerk.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3349) to amend
anactentitled "An actforthe relief of Lieuten-
ant Herman Tuerk;" approved February 25,
1863, with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
act for the relief of Lieutenant Herman Tuerk,
approved February 25,1863, be amended so as
to place Herman Tuerk on the roll of invalid
pensions at the rate of $31 25 per month from
and after the 4th of June, 1872.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the report in
this case be read.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. This gentleman
lost both eyes in battle some time in 1862 or
1863, when there was no provision of law for
cases of thatkind other than for cases of ordin-
ary disability, and he procured a special act
to be passed for his special benefit, giving him
twenty or thirty dollars a month. Since that
time Congress has provided that all those who
have lost both eyes in the service shall receive
thirty-one dollars and some cents.
Mr. MOORE. Thirty-one dollarsand twenty-
five cents.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Yes, sir; $31 25,
I believe, is the exact amount; but because this
officer receives his pension under a special act
of Congress the Commissioner of Pensions has
decided he cannot get the benefit of the pro-
vision of the law we have made for all cases
of that kind, and thus his case requires addi-
tional special legislation.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think this bill is right,
on the statement made by the gentleman from
Missouri; and I hope, in view of the fact there
are other similar cases, the committee will
report a general law. The Commissioner of
Pensions has uniformly held that the pension
granted by a special act cannot come within
the provisions of a subsequent general law in
the way of increase of pension. To my own
knowledge there are a great many soldiers in
the Government asylum here in the position
of the soldier mentioned in this bill, and I
think a general law ought to be drafted on this
subiect.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I hope the gentle-
man will not embarrass the passage of this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not propose to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, ami parsed.
Mr. FINKELNBURG moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the following cases; and
they were laid on the table:
The petition of Mrs. Ann M. Lex ;
The petition of Edward R. Hunchin;
The petition of Thomas Rothrock ;
The petition of Jonathan W. Lovejoy;
The petition of Rebecca S. Allen;
The petition of Oliver N. Thatcher; and
The petition of Arabella Evaus.
adam r. walker.
Mr. MOORE. I have a great many cases
here which have been improperly referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions. I ask
to have the committee discharged from their
further consideration and they be referred to
the appropriate committees.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will send
them up to the Clerk's desk.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of a bill (H. R. No. 710)
for the relief of Adam R. Walker; and the
same was referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions and War of 1812.
iienry c. monroe.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the bill (H. R. No. 833)
granting a pension to Henry C. Monroe ; and
moved that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the bill, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions and War of 1812.
The motion was agreed to.
mary ann itotsell.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the petition of Mary Ann
Hutsell, widow of John Hutsell, a private in
the war of 1812; and moved that the commit-
tee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the same, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812.
The motion was agreed to.
mary horton.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the bill (H. R. No. 2814)
granting a pension to Mary Horton; and moved
that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812.
The motion was agreed to.
MRS. ELIZA PECK.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the petition of Mrs. Eliza
Peck for a pension; and moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the same, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812.
The motion was agreed to.
mrs. desire l. hoefman.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the petition of Mrs. Desire
L. Hoffman; and moved that the committee
be discharged from the further consideration
of the same, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812.
The motion was agreed to.
pensions of WAli of 1812.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back ihe bill (H. R. No. 3009)
amendatory of an act entitled "An act grant-
ing pensions to certain soldiers and sailors ot
the war of 1812," approved February14,1871;
and moved that the committee be discharged
