1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
the Senator that if the existing lav bad not
been exceptional when the captures were made I
as to the prize money and the officer to receive
it, because he was a flag officer and there was
a superior in the field, this officer would have
received one twentieth instead of one fiftieth
which he now claims. I would also remind
the Senator that the present law would give
him this fiftieth notwithstanding the fact that
the Government receives one halt of the prize.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But it would not be taken
out of the Government's half.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Yes, it would be.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friendis entirely mis-
taken. Under the present laws, the Govern-
ment takes one half and the other halt is
divided by twentieths and fiftieths and so on
among all the officers and men who shared in
the capture, and therefore it would not diminish
the share of the United States at all if this
man got $50,000 out of it under existing laws.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I am not so
clear on that point; but in the absence of the
law I will allow the case to go over for the
present. I am not disposed to raise a question
of fact with the Senator from Vermont, whose
experience is greater than mine, but my im-
pression stili is that Admiral Turner is entitled
to one fiftieth of the amount of the capture.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not deny that. I
only say that that fiftieth would be out of the
one half that goes to the captors, aud not out
of the half that goes into the Treasury. The
effect of this bill is to allow it out of that which
goes into the Treasury.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will allow
me, i do not think that prize money obtained
in this way should be estimated exactly as
coming out of the Treasury ; that is, out of
that portion of the Treasury which is replen-
ished by taxes. This money, and a great deal
more, was paid into the Treasury by our
officers and seamen by their gallantry and by
their blood, and therefore in making them
allowances I think we ought to aet more lib-
erally than we would in making allowances, as
we do in many cases which .we have passed
npoo, where the money comes from the pro-
ceeds of taxes, the bnrdens upon the people.
This is money that was taken trom the enemy
and put into the Treasury, and if there has
been some mistake, some error, or some illib-
erally by which any of these men have not
received the full share that they would have
received under different constructions which
have sometimes prevailed, I think we ought
to treat it with much more liberality than we
would aa ordinary claim upon the Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must be pardoned for
not allowing 
The VICE PRESIDENT. After the Sen-
ator is through the Chair will state that the
bill has passed from the consideration of the
Senate, but the Senator from Rhode Island
proceeded in its discussion and the Chair will
hear the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I desire to say but one
word, with the permission of the Chair. I
merely want.to put in connection with what
the Senator from Rhode Island has said, my
dissent from his observations. It is true this
money was put into the Treasury arising out
of captures, but it was money that was gained
by the taxation of the people just as much as
anv other money in the Treasury. Undoubt-
edly the people were taxed $5,000,000 to
make these very captures, and the idea,
therefore, that anybody, beyond what the law
gives him, has a special claim npon money that
is collected by capture instead of collected
by direct tax, when the people have to be
taxed to raise the ships and pay the men and
incur the risk of capture, is, as if appears to
me, an unsound one. At least I should be
very sure it was if my honorable friend from
Rhode Island did not think otherwise.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
remain on the Calendar, and the Secretary will
report the next one.
collection of direct tax.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(8. No. 781) to provide for completing the col-
lection of the United States direct tax appor-
tioned to the several States and Territories of
the United States by act of Congress, approved i
August 5, 1861. I
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man*,] from the Committee on Finance, With
amendments.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I object to its present
consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
ambrose n. dc1w.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 982) for the relief of Ambrose N.
Dunn.
The VICE PRESIDNT. The bill was re-
forted by the absent Senator from Missouri,
Mr. Blair,] from the Committee on Military
Affairs, on the 17th of April. If there be no
objection it will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of War to settle
the accounts of Ambrose N. Dunn, of Macon,
Missouri, for timber taken in the erection of
defenses in Macon, on principles of equity,
and to pay him a sum not- exceeding $3,940.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not argue the bill,
because the Senator from Missouri is not here.
But to allow an officer to settle a claim upon
the "principles of equity," without fixing any
particular boundary or limit to it is hardly
fair. I think the bill had better go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
remain on the Calendar, the Senator who
reported it being absent.
EQUAL RIGHTS IN DISTRICT SCH06LS.
I The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
I (S. No. 365) to secure equal rights in the pub-
lic schools of Washington and Georgetown.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] on the 17th of April, from the
Committee on the District of Columbia, with-
out amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. Let it be passed over.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow a vote to be taken npon it.
Mr. POMEROY. Oh, yes, let us vote
upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. May I appeal to the Sen-
ator from West Virginia to allow a vote to be
taken on this bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
objects,-and so indicates to the Chair. He
repeats the objection from his seat.
Mr. SUMNER. I regret it very much.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
remain on the Calendar.
bonds and debt of the district.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 613) relating to the issue of bonds by
the authorities of tne District of Columbia,
and to prevent the increase of the debt of the
District.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Patterson,] from the Committee
on the District of Columbia, on the 17th of
April, without amendment.
Mr. PATTERSON. Let it be passed over
for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
atlantic and pacific railroad.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 896) to extend the time for the com-
pletion of the Atlantic and Pacific railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Stewart,] from the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, with an amendment, on the 17th of
April.
Mr. COLE'. Let it be passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
utah northern railroad.
The next bill on' the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 821) granting the right of way through
the public lauds to the Utah Northern Rail-
road Company.
Mr. STEWART. I think we shall now be
able to get a general bill of incorporation in
the Territories. I trust we shall have general
legislation on the subject without passing these
special bills; and therefore thia bill may lay
! over for the present.
J The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
remain on the Calendar.
utah sootnern railroad.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 734) granting to the Utah Southern
; Railroad Company a right of way through the
public lands for the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line.
i Mr. STEWART. I think all those special
bills had better lie over.
1 The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
^ remain on the Calendar.
| postal telegraph.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
i (S. No. 341) to reduce the rates of corre-
, spondence, and to connect the telegraph with
the postal service.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there is another
bill on the same subject that is being matured
by the Committee'on Post Offices and Post
Roads. The chairman of the committee is
not in the Chamber now, and as there is
another measure under consideration, I think
we had better not act on this bill at present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over and remain on the Calendar.
wilmington and manchester railroad.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 882) to authorize the settlement of
the claim of the Wilmington and Manchester
Railroad Company.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thia bill was
reported adversely on the 18th of April, by the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pratt,] from the
Committee on Claims. If there be no objec-
tion it will be indefinitely postponed; and it is
indefinitely postponed.
mississippi river navigation.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1027) to perfect navigation on the
Mississippi river.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr.
Wisdom,] from the Committee on Public
Lands, without amendment. If there be no
objection, it will be reported in full.
Mr. WINDOM. As a similar bill was ob-
jected to the other day, it is not necessary to
take up time by reading this bill now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over and remain on the Calendar.
salt lake and colorado river railroad.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2199) to incorporate the Great
Salt Lake and Colorado River Railroad Com-
pany, and to grant to said company aright of
way through the public lands of the United
States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
introduced and read twice on the 18th of April,
and the Chair calls the attention of the Sena-
tor from Nevada to it.
Mr. STEWART. Let that be passed otrer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over and remain on the Calendar.
benjamin w. reynolds.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(8. No. 670) for the relief of Benjamin W.
Reynolds.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thia bill was
