124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11>
reported by the Senator from FRirida, [Mr.
Osbokn,] from the Committee on Public
I,amis, with an amendment and with a writ-
ten report. Unless objected to the Secretary
will read the bill and the report.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that bill has
passed. Did not that bill pass at the last
session ?
Mr. OSBORN. No ; I think not.
Mr. POMEROY. My recollection is that
it was ptissed daring the very "last hours of the
last session.
Mr. OSKORN. Not to my recollection.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I think it passed.
Mr. POMEROY. I saw the gentleman yes-
terday, and I am certain I understood from
him he had got his money, and I think it
passed during the very last hours of the
session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This particular
bill has not passed, the Secretary states to the
Chair, but some other bill from the House for
the same person, perhaps, may have passed.
Mr. POMEROY. I will read the bill that
passed at thf? last session :
" That the sum of $2,175 be, and the same is hereby,
allowed to Benjamin W. Reynolds, late receiver of
the land office at St. Croix Falls, Wisconsin."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That must have
been a House bill.
Mr. OSBORN. If that is so, let this bill
be indefinitely postponed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That appears
to be a bill for the same person, and this bill
will be indefinitely postponed if there be no
objection.
Mr. POMEROY. I remembered that it
p&fificd •
The VICE PRESIDENT. That was a
House bill, however. The Senate bill was
not taken up. This bill will be indefinitely
postponed.
lans titles in scott county, missouri.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 845) to quiet the title to certain
lands in the State of Missouri.
The Senate, as in the Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to consider the bill. The
preamble recites that by an act of Congress
approved September 28, 1860, the State of
M issouri and other States acquired title to
all swamp and overflowed lands within their
limits ; that the State of Missouri, bv an act
of its General Assembly approved February
23, 1863, passed the title thus acquired to the
several counties in which the lands were situ-
ated, for the purpose and to the end that they
should be drained and reclaimed as provided
by the act of Congress, and that after the dona-
tion a commissioner was appointed, charged
with the duty to select and locate such swamp
lauds, who did make snch selections and
locations in the county of Scott, making due
report of the same, which report was, by
proper authority, approved, and the lands so
located patented by the Government of the
United States to the State of Missouri, and,
on the 29th of April, 1870, by the State to the
county of Scott; and that the commissioner
in his report described other lands situated in
the county as unsurveved swamp lands, andthat
in the year 1860 the lands were ordered to be
surveyed by the General Government, which
survey was approved by the surveyor general
of Missouri on the 2nd day of July, 1861, and
that by act of Congress approved March 12,
1860, the county was given two years in which
to present its claim and make proof of its title
to the lands, which could not be done, owing
to the existence of civil war then afflicting the
people of the county ; and that the county,
believing further time would be given to make
the claim and proof, did sell to actual settlers
the greater portion of the lands, which pur-
chasers, relying on that title, have mad'e in
many instances permanent and valuable im-
provements. The bill therefore proposes to
grant the lands referred to to the connty of
Seott, Missouri, which lauds in the aggregate
amount to four thousand four hundred and ten
and seventy-one hundredths acres, and de-
scribed as follows: parts of sections one,
two, three, eleven, twelve, thirteeen, twenty-
four, and twenty-five, all in township number
twenty-seven, range twelve; but nothing in
this act is to prejudice the rights of any home-
stead or other entry made, by any person
whatsoever, under the laws of the United
States on the lands.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that bill is all
right.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
! kkcons1dekation ok a kill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
enter a motion to reconsider a bill passed this
morning, House bill No. 3128 I think, pro-
j viding for the importation of a statue free of
duty. I merely do this because if the bill is
passed it will furnish a precedent for a hun-
dred other statues, and for all manuer of works
of art to be intioduc«d free of duty.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The Secretary had bet-
ter also enter a motion to recall the bill from
the House of Representatives. It has been
; sent from the Senate to the House,
i Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will enter
that motion.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
I will be made.
government of idaho.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 279) to repeal soction one of an
act entitled "An act to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Idaho, ap-
proved March 3, 1863," aproved Much 2,
1867.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
was reported by the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Nye,] from the Committee on Territories,
without amendment.
Mr. GORBETT. It had better go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made the bill will be passed over.
le caze and mallet.
The qext bill on the Calendar Was the
bill (S. No. 1020) for the relief of Frederick
Vincent, administrator of James L® Caze,
surviving partner of Le Caze & Mallet.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It directs
the Secretary of the Trefasury to pay to Fred-
erick Vincent, administrator of James Le
Caze, surviving partner of Le Caze A Mallet,
the sum of $8,662 05, being tbe amount due to
them (and which they might have received or
subscribed) on the 31st of December, 1797,
with interest upon that sum from the 31st De-
cember, 1844, when their claim was demanded,
deducting therefrom the sum of $4,890 82 paid
under the act of 81st January, 1855.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Ib there a
report in that case ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
report, which will be read by tlie Secretary.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
submitted by Mr. Hill, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, on the 23d of April:
The Committee on Revolutionary Claims, to whom
wm referred the petition of Frederick Vincent, ad-
ministrator of James Le Caze, surviving partner of
Le Caze & Mallet, having had the same under con-
sideration, from a carefUl examination of the evi-
dence adduced, beg leave to adopt the following
report made by Mr. Nye to the Senate at the second
session Fortieth Congress, as expressive of their
views:
TtieCommityee on Revolutionary Claims, to whom
wat referred tbe petition of Frederick Vincent, ad-
ministrator of Jajnes he Caze, surviving partner of
L6 Caze <t Mallet, having hod tbe same under con-
sideration, from a careful examination of the evi-
dence adduced, beg leave to adopt the following
report mads by Mr. Foster to the Senate at the first
session Thirty-Sixth Congress, as expressing the
views of the committee:
The Committee on Revolutionary Claims, to whom
was referred the petition of Frederick Vinosnt, ad-
ministrator of James Le Caze, surviving partner of
Le Caze & Mallet, having had *.he same under con-
sideration, beg leave to adopt a report made by Mr.
ShieldB at the last session as expressing the views
of the committee;
It appears that the sum of $4,890 82 was due Lo
Oaze k Mallet on July 1,1784, for advances made
and supplies furnished tu the United States during
the revolutionary war, under an adjustment by tbe
superintendent of finance. This balance was duly
stated upon the books of the Confederation under
that date, and was reported to Congress with a view
to providing for its payment.
In view of the inability of the Government to
i liquidate these demands, Congress, on June 3,1784,
1 enacted, "that an interest of six per cent, per an-
num shall be allowed to all creditors of the United
States for supplies furnished or services done, from
the time that payment became due." In 1790, the
Government still being unable to pay these claims.
Congress, by act of AiWfust 4,1790, authorized the
funning of these debts by a subscription to a loan as
therein provided. By the act Of May 30, 1794, these
debta being yet unsettled, Congress extended the
provisions of the act of 1790, declared that interest
shall be allowed upon all registered! claims, whether
subscribed or not, and these provisions wero con-
tinued by subsequent enactments, from time to time,
to December 31, 1797.
This debt was registered upon (transferred to) the
books of the Treasury of the present Government in
1794.
In consequence of the death of Le Caze and Mal-
let, as wilt be seen by reports heretofore made in this
i case by the oommittee, it appears that no demand
for payment of this claim Was made from 1797 to
December 31,1844, and the committee are unwilling
to allow interest during that period, it being assumed
that the Government was always, after 1707, ready
to pay its just debts when called upon. They have,
< therefore, directed a settlement to be made under
the positive provisions of the act of 1790, above re-
ferred to, with an allowance of interest from Decem-
ber, 1844, when tbe administrator mad* demand for
payment as exhibited by the recordsof this case.
On January 31, 1855, Congress passed an act for the
payment of the original debt, but omitting the inter-
est, and th« oommittee considering the claim as
justly entitled to interest under the several acts
before cited, as welt as from the date of the demand
in 1844, report a bill accordingly.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Let tbe bill
go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will be passed over.
bounty and pension of colored soldiers.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 627) to, place colored persons wbo
enlisted in the Army on tbe same footing as
other soldiers as to bounty and penaion.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Wbole,
proceeded to consider the bill. It provides
that all colored persons who enliited in the
Army during tbe late War, a d who are now
prohibited from receiving bounty and pension
on fcecomt of being borne on the rolls of
their regiments sis .1' staves," shall be placed
on the same footing as to bounty and pension
as though they had not been slaves aft the
date of their, enlistment.
Tbe bill was reported to the Serrate without
amendment, ordered td be engrossed for a
third reading, read' the third time, and passed.
william itoward.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2027) for the relief of William
Howard.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill. It reguires
the Secretary of the Treasury topay to Wil-
liam Howard $165, as compensation in full
for one horse and forty bushels of corn taken
from him by W. J, Bennett, au acting assist-
ant quartermaster twentieth army corps, on
the part of the United States Government,
The bill was reported to tbe Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed,
edward t. gates.
The next bill on the Calendar was tbe bill
(H. R. No. 1944) for the relief of Edward T.
Gates, postmaster at Thopjastoti, Coniiecticat.
The PRESIDING GFFfCBR. This bill
was reported adversely from the Committee
on Claims by tbe Senator from- Iowa, [Mr.
Wright,] on the 24th of April, and the ques-
tion is, ghail'the bill be indefinitelypdisfyontd ?
The questioti being put, th« bill was indefi-
nitely postponed.
