2048
THE CQMBESSIOML GLOJBE.
March. 1,
MESSAGE FROM TUB HODSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R.
No. 3351) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30,1874, and
for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 3498) making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30,1874,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Frank W. Palmer of Iowa, Mr. Aaros
A. Sargent of California, and Mr. John P.
Farnswqrth of Illinois, managers at the same
on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 1079) to authorize
the construction of a bridge across the Mis-
souri river at or near the city of Lexington, in
the State of Missouri, and to establish it as
a post road, with an amendment; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message farther announced that the
House had passed the following bills of the
Senate without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 1152) for the relief of Hiram
W. Hayden;
A bill (S. No. 1312) authorizing deputy col-
lectors and other officers of customs to act as
disbursing agents in certain cases;
A bill (S. No. 1425) supplemental to an act
entitled "An act to incorporate the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid in the
construction of its road, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1871 ;
A bill (S. No. 1483) creating a collection
district in southern Oregon ;
A bill (S. No. 1514) for the temporary relief
of the Indians at Camp McDermit, at Hum-
boldt county, Nevada; and
A bill (S. No. 1630) to remove the political
disabilities of David Coleman, of Buncombe
county, North Carolina.
The message also announced that the House
had passed without amendment the following
concurrent resolutions of the Senate:
A resolution to print extra copies of the
last annual report of the chief signal officer
of the Army;
A resolution to print extra copies of the
report of the United States Commissioner of
fish and fisheries ; and
A resolution to print extra copies of Pro-
fessor Havden's annual report of the United
States geological survey of the Territories.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a resolution to print the
report of the commissioner of mining statis-
tics, with accompanying maps and engravings.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a resolution to print the report of
the United States commissioner to the inter-
national penitentiary congress at London.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 3250) to relieve Francis
E. Spinner, Treasurer of the United States ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3975) to extend the time
for two years to all preemptors on the public
lands in the State of Minnesota and the lerri-
tory of Dakota to make final payments of the
same;
A bill (H. R. No. 4058) to restore a part of
the Round Valley Indian reservation in Cali-
fornia to the public lands, and for other pur-
poses ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4059) to change the name
of schooner Andrew Stewart and steamer
Sleepy Hollow;
A bill (H. R. No. 4061) to provide for the
preparation and presentation to Congress of
the revision of the laws of the United States,
consolidating the laws relating to the post
roads, and a code relating to military offenses,
and the revision of treaties with the Indian.
tribes now in force ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 4062) to amend an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for,
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1872." approved March 3,1871.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The House of
Representatives ask a conference committee
on the disagreeing votes between the two
Houses on the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us finish this first;
one conference at a time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont insists on the proposition being
disposed of, the legislative,, executive,' and
judicial appropriation bill being now before
the Senate.
Mr. NYE. I shall detain the Senate but a
moment. It occurs to me that this is a most
appropriate time to say something. I am
about to be severed from sharing in the profit
or loss of Congress. 1 have been here long
enough to ascertain that this is no good place
to gather. I think an inspection of the bank
account of the members of this Senate would
be a beautiful spectacle. It would be mostly
blank if the red ink was not on the wrong
side. We live in an advancing age. It seems
but yesterday, when I look back to my boyhood,
that $100 a year would hire a good strong man
to labor, and I remember instances of that
kind with vivid recollection when I saw that
class of men from laborers get to be owners
of farms. I remember wheu that was high
wages, and yet it seems to me in looking back
as almost' impossible. Now young men and
young women, according to the custom and
position of- the time, cannot live upon $100 a
month, eleven times more than they used to
get; and the price of everything is on a level
with the wages received. We have stepped
along and stepped along till Congressmen and
Senators would be glad to live like gentlemen.
I have been here nine years. Where is the
money that I have got for it? Boarding-house
keepers have got it all and are waiting for more.
[Laughter.] I have been faithful in the dis-
charge of my duty, both to my own State and
this nation. I have had anxious days and
sleepless nights, many of them, as those around
me can testify, putting forth our best efforts to
build up the waste places that rebellion made
and: to heal and cicatrize the wounds inflicted
upon the Constitution of my country. We
have toiled here four and twenty hours at a
time to make laws that the laboring people
might work but eight hours a day. We have
gone from here with our lpcks wet with the
drops of the night, anxiously looking to the
future.
Now, where is the remuneration ? N ine years
have I been here, until enfeebling old age has
crept over me, and I must back to my mount-
ain home in poverty. I suppose it is paid for
in glory, but that is not exactly a marketable
currency. [Laughter.] You receive the ap-
probation of some friends and the denuncia-
tion of others, till when you have been here as
long as I have, you are scarred all over with
cudgels from a switch to a bludgeon. [Laugh-
ter.]
My object in rising was not to influence this
vote, but it seems to me that the time has ar-
rived in the history of this nation when she
should choose such servants as will be useful
and earn a full competency.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator has spoken
five minutes.
Mr. NYE. I did not think the rule applied
here.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask that the Senator
by unanimous consent be permitted to proceed
for five minutes more.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada may proceed if there be no
objection. [" No objection I "J
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I had said that
it seemed to me a thinking, sober, I will
say right-minded public,demanded and does
demand at this time a change in this roll of
salaries. As wise a man as ever made law
told us there were two or three kinds of courts,
one honorary and one not paid at all, and the
latter court was constituted of men whose
abundance made salaries look small and who
felt themselves entirely compensated by wield-
ing the power of judgment. That time has not
yet arrived, but I notice in this country that
the wealth men get here does not seem to make
them liberal but rather avaricious; as wealth
increases the incrustations thicken around their
hearts. I do not know why it is so, but I
know men here now that I knew when they
got their bread by hard toil, and liberal, whole-
souled men they were then. My friend from
Pennsylvania has witnessed more difficulties
than I in youthful poverty. He knows how men
of sordid wealth calculate how to fix their in-
come and button the pocket up.
Unless I have erred, this or some other
change must be wrought, or there will be no
men here—I mean after you are all gone—
[laughter] except rich men. They carry the
argument that convinces, and whole commu-
nities will be silent if not active for them. I
would avoid that time, and I rise now to give
you warning that you are fast verging in that
direction. If the people have honest men, good
men, talented men, ifthey would save the fabric
of this Government, put them in the Congress
and in the judiciary, and other places, and
pay them so that a man, as his term expires,
does not see an almshouse in front of him.
Have honest men; put the man that serves
his country faithfully above the necessities
of want and you will get honest men ; but to
pinch him and watch him on every corner, is
to make the nirtuous vicious and honest men
dishonest.
I think the time has come, Senators, when
you should think of this thing in that way, and
then you have reached a dignity that will be
commanding and an influence that will be felt. •*
Mr. STEWART. Upon this question of
increasing and equalizing the salaries of mem-
bers of Congress, I want to say one word. I
think that the mileage which is now allowed
makes the salaries unequal. I do not believe
there is any reason why members from the
Pacific States should receive so much more
than others. I do not think their salaries are
exorbitant by any means, but I do not think
the inequality should exist. The mileage that
I receive iu addition to the $5,000 salary
amounts to $1,171 20, making an aggregate
of $6,171 20. This amendment would make
a slight increase upon the amount now re-
ceived in my State; it would be a decrease
of the Senators from Oregon, but I think it
would be nearer fair than it now is. The rt al
expenses of traveling are trifling compared
with that inequality. The railroad fare does
not bring the cost up to the amount we now
receive beyond what others do.
This subject has been often spoken of and
has been a matter of annoyance to me. I think
the salaries ought to be equalized. I do not
believe much in mileage. Mileage was adopted
at an earlier time when the modes of travel-
ing were more expensive, occupying more
time, and more difficult. With the present
modes of traveling by rail there should not be
a compensation by mileage. I do not think
that is the way to get at it. I think there
should be a round sum given to each alike.
That would be more satisfactory to me. I
know it would produce better feeling. The
subject has been frequently alluded to, and it
is always an aunoyance. I like the proposi-
tion of the House very much for having left
out mileage. I do not think the mileage is
fair, and I do uot like to have members feel
that there is an inequality of compensation.
