1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
ISAAC W. IKQKBSOLf. AMD JOSKPH CI RANG JU..
The next bill en the Ciilead«r wm the bill
(S. No. 855) referring the claim of Isaac W.
Ingersoll and Joseph Granger for damages
under a eontraot for building a marine hospital
at Detroit, Michigan, to the Court of Claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) This bill is reported
adversely by the Committee on Claims, and the
question is, shall it be indefinitely postponed ?
The bill was indefinitely postponed.
PENSIONS TO WIDOWS OK WAR OF 1812.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 862) to amend an act entitled "An
act granting pensions to certain soldiers and
sailors of the war of 1812, and the widows of
deceased soldiers."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
was reported adversely by the Committee on
Pensions. The question is, shall it be indefi-
nitely postponed'!
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I should
like to hear the bill read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which pro-
poses to repeal so much of the act approved
February 14, 1871, granting pensions to sol-
diers and sailors of the war of 1812, and the
widows of deceased soldiers, as requires the
surviving widows to have been married to the
officers or enlisted or drafted men prior to the
treaty of peace which terminated the war, and
declares it to be the intent of the act to entitle
the widows of all such officers, enlisted or
drafted men, who, if living, would be entitled
to pensions under the provisions of the ori-
ginal act, to all its benefits, without reference
to the time of marriage where these widows
have not remarried.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Let the
bill lie over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I have no
objection to the bill, but it is reported ad-
versely, and I do not wish the adverse report
concurred in. I have no objection to the vote
being taken on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, shall the bill be indefinitely postponed ;
and the Senator objects to action.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I do for
the purpose of preventing a vote on that ad-
verse report now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tie bill
will be passed over.
cbntkal pacific railroad compasy.
The next bill on the Calendar was the hill
(H. R. No. 1563) relating to the Ceniral Pacifie
Railroad Company.
Mr. STEWART. Let that be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
joseph lanman.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 104) for the relief of Joseph Laoman;
which was considered by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides for the
payment to Joseph Lanman, rear admiral,-of
the difference between the pay of a commo-
dore and that of rear admiral of the United
States Navy, from December 7, 1867, to April
14, 1868.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
mail stisam3hip service with brazil.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1032) to improve existing mail steam-
ship service with Brazil.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I think that it a mat-
ter of too much importance to be passed under
the fire roinotes rule, and I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The biU
will be passed over.
IM20kta:HO i of VHIF^kms.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
^H. R. No. 1789) to permit the importation
free of dwty of certain Highland kilts and uni-
forms for the seventy-ninth regiment of High-
landers of the National Guard, State of New
York.
The PRBSfWNG OFFICER. This bill
was reported adversely by the Senator from
New York, {Mr. Fbhtov,] from the Commit-
tee on Finance. The question is, shall it be
indefinitely postponed ?
The bill was indefinitely postponed.
KXTENSION OF PATENTS.
The aext lull on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 941) to authorise the extension of
patents in certain eases.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
was reported adversely, indefinitely postponed,
and the motion to postpone indefinitely recon-
sidered on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Wright.]
Ms. FERRY, of Connecticut. Let the bill
be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which pro-
vides that no person who shall have obtained
a patent for any invention or discovery prior
to the 2d of March, 1861, shall be debarred
from receiviug an extension of bis patent
under the provisions of the act relating to
patents approved July 8, 1870, by reason of
his invention or discovery having been pat-
ented in a foreign country; and such foreign
patent shall not in any manner affect the
extension or validity of the American patent.
Whenever it shall appear to the satisfaction
of the Commissioner of Patents that the pat-
entee would, under the provisions of that act,
be entitled to such extension if the foreign
patent had not been obtained, the Commis-
sioner shall extend and renew the patent for
the term of seven yetwa from the expiration
of the term of fourteen years from the elate
of the original patent. The bill further pro-
vides that when the patentee of any invention
or discovery, the patent for which was granted
prior to the 2d of March, 1861, has heretofore
applied for an extension of his patent, and
such application has been refused by reason
or on account of his invention having been
patented in a foreign country, the Commis-
sioner of Patents may hear an application for
such extension and decide the same in accord-
ance with the provisions of the act aa amended
hereby, disregarding entirely the existence of
such foreign patent; but no person lawfully
using such patented invention or discovery
shall be hindered or prevented from contin-
uing th# use thereof by the grant of any
extension under the provisions of the present
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Mr, Presi-
dent, the Committee on Patents reported ad-
versely to this bill at the laet session and it
was indefinitely postponed. I think it had
better be indefinitely postponed again, a&d I
make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor froflk) Connecticut moves that the bill Ike
indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
commissioners of claims.
The next business on the Calendar wag the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 131) relating to
the commissioners of claims appointed under
act of Congress, approved March 3, 1871.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have an impression that
this joint resolution was introduced for the
purpose of meeting a contingency, and that
since that time it is entirely unnecessary by
the passage of another bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator object to the present consideration of
the joint resolution?
Mr. WRIGHT. Idonotobjecttoitspresent
consideration, but I thiuJt on examination it
will be found that it was intended to provido
foe a contingency, for a report to the then
session of Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
reaolatioo will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution,
which proposes to authorize the commissioners
of claims appointed under the act of Congress
approved March 3, 1871, entitled "An act
making appropriations for the support of the
Army tor the year ending June 30, 1872, and
for other purposes," to make further reports
of their proceedings under that act whenever,
in their judgment, they shall deem it expedient
or advisable to do so.
Mr. WRIGHT. I object to the present con-
sideration of the joint resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over.
1ijslkna and norther^ utah railroad.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1028) to incorporate the Helena and
Northern Utah Railroad Company, and grant
the same the right of way through the public
lands.
Mr. STEWART. All those bills had better
go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
hear admiral dahlgrbn.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1059) authorizing a settlement of the
claim of the estate of the late Rear Admiral
John A. Dahlgren.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
has been read three times, and the question is
on its passage. The vote was once taken, and
the yeas were 23 and the nays 7, no quorum
voting. Now the question recurs on the pass-
age of the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Let the bill be read for
information.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which refers
the claim of Madeleine Vinton Dahlgren,
widow of the late Rear Admiral John A. Dahl-
gren, and administratrix of his estate, to the
Court of Claims, and vests the court with
jurisdiction to hear and determine: first,
whether Admiral Dahlgren was the original
inventor of the Dahlgren gun and rifled pro-
jectiles, or either of them, as described in his
several patents ; secondly, what amount of
compensation, if any, is his estate justly enti-
tled to receive for the use of his inventions
and patents as claimed, up to the time of ad-
judication, for a fall and entire transfer of his
several patents to the United States. In de-
termining the amount of compensation to be
Eaid the estate for the use and transfer of the
•ahlgren guns and rifled projectiles, the court
is, in connection with the evidence in the case,
to take into consideration the facts, if proved,
that while Dahlgren was engaged in perfect-
ing the inventions for which the patents were
granted he was in the service of the United
States as an officer of the Navy, and that while
holding such office in the Navy his time, ser-
vices, and skill were due to the United States,
and that the expense of making experiments,
trials, and tests for the purpose of perfecting
saeh inventions was paid by the United States.
Either party may appeal to the Supreme
Court of the United States upon any such
question where appeals now lie in other cases
arising during the progress of the hearing oi
the claim, and from any judgment in the cass
at any time within ninety days after its rendi-
tion ; and any judgment rendered in favor of
the claimant shall be paid in the same manner
as other judgments of the Court of Claims, and
the payment of stich judgment shall vest the
full and absolute right to the patents and each
of them in the United States.
