1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
chtldun of j. e. martin.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 620) for the relief of Thomas C.
Martin, Emilia E. Martin, Jane G. Martin,
and Leonor Martin, children of J. E. Martin,
deceased ; which was considered by the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole. It is a direc-
tion to the Secretary of the Treasury to pav to
the children of J. B. Martin, deceased, or their
legal representatives $2,267 85. in fall,for
services performed by J. E. Martin as acting
charg6 d'affiuresof the United States at Lisbon,
from July 19, I860, to June 15, 1851. The
money is not to be paid to any person holding
a power of attorney or assignment executed
prior to the passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
anacostia and potomac railroad.
The next bill ob the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2247) giving the approval and
sanction of Congress to the termini and route
of the Anacosda and Potomac Riverrailroad,
and to regulate it* construction Rnd operation.
Mr. POMEROY. Let that bill be passed
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
estimates and appropriations.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 178) in relation to estimates of
appropriations and appropriation accounts.
Mr. COLE. 1 move that that bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
laramie ditch company.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1178) to grant the right of way to
the Laramie Water and Ditch Company over
public lands in Albany county, Wyoming Ter-
ritory.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That falls within
the objection raised by the Senator from
Nevada.
The PRESIDING OFFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
courts in arizona.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1735) to provide for adjourned
terms of the supreme court of Arizona ,• which
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the suprem« court 'of the
Territory of Arizona may hold adjourned
terms at any time and place in the Territory
agreed upon by a majority of the jadg«& of
the court at any regular term thereof. The
order for an adjoiitned term shall be signed by
a majority of the judges at a regular term of
the court and entered upon the minutes ; and
any business which the court might do at any
regular term may be done at such adjourned
term ; and the clerk of the court is to be en-
titled to such mitlenge for attendance at such
adjourned term as is by law allowed the mar-
shal of the district of Arizona for his attend-
ance upon the courts in the Territory.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
preservation of harbors, etc.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1072) for the better preservation of
harbors, havens, roads, channels, navigable
rivers, lakes, and other navigable waters within
the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill'
was once passed and a motion was made "by
the Senator from California [Mr. Casserly]
to recooeider the vote-on its passage; and the
question now is oo the reconsideration of that
vote.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know whether
the Senator' from California is prepared for
the question on reconsideration now.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 think that bill had
better go over for the present.
The, PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
Mr. FRSLINGHUYSEN. I have no spe-
cial interest in tbe bill excepting that it Is
thought to be a vety important bill to pass for
the protection of the harbors, and I would
like that it should not lose its place by being
passed over.
Tbe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would inform the Senator that it does not lose
its place biy being passed over.
Mr. POMEROY. I do notknow any objec-
tion to considering it now.
Mr. FKEL1NGHUYSEN. 1 do not see
why it may not pass now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator froih California insist oo his objection ?
Mr. CASSERLY. My desire is that it should
be passed'-over. There is a difference of opin-
ion, which I very much regret, between the
Senator from New Jersey and myself as to the
effect of a proviso.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over under the objectisn.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I would suggest
to tlie Senator from California that we can
dispose of it tinder the five-minutes rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over under the objection of the
Senator from California.
iron ship-building yards.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1098) to establish an iron ship-build-
ing yard on the waters falling into the Atlantic,
and an iron ship-huilding yard on the Misais-
sippi river or one of its tributaries, and to
afford facilities to the Nifxy., ,
Mr. CRAGIN. 1 have not any hope that
this bill can be disposed of under this rule.
Therefore I will not ask for its consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
utah mining and land company.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 716) to incorporate the Utah Railroad
Mining and Land Company.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask that that bill be laid
aside.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
supplementaby civil eights bill.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1102) supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to protect all citizens of the United
States in their civil rights, and to furnish the
means for their vindication," passed April 9,
1866.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
was introduced by the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Sumner,] and read the first and
second time.
Mr. MOIiRILL, of Maine. That may as
well go over.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us vote upon the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I objected to its
present consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine objects, und the, bill will be
passed over.
george s. fisher.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 885) to reimburse George S. Fisher
for losses sustained in the building and burn-
ing up of the consulate of the United States
at Kanagawa, Japati, November 26, 1866.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
; Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
! sider the bill. It empowers the Secretary of
State to audit the losses sustained by George
S. Fisher white consul of the United States
at Kanagawa, Japan, for tlife burning of his
library, or so much thereof as was in necessary
use for the public service in the discharge'of
hid judicial-and other official duties whiletfon-
sul j also, for the destruction of $1,880 in
value of Mexican dollars lost and destroyed
by the burning of the new consulate building
at his post of duty by the same fire of Novem-
ber 26, 1866. The whole sum allowed is not
to exceed $8,000 in currency of the United
States.
The Committee on Foreign Relations re-
ported the bill with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
to strike out, commencing in line six, the
Words " for the burning of his library, o- so
much thereof as was in necessary use for ihe
public service in the discharge of his judicial
and other official duties while consul as afore-
said ; also," and to insert after the words
"destruction of," in line nine, tbe words,
"any public moneys for which he has ac
counted to the United States, not exceeding
the amount ofso as to read :
To audit losses sustained by George S. Fisher
white consul of the United States at Kanagawa,
Japan, for tlie destruction of any public moneys for
which he has accounted to the United States, not
exceeding the amount of $1,380 in value of Mexican
dollars.
The amen dment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
proviso at the end of the first section, in the
following words :
Provided, That the whole sum does not exceed
$8,000 in currency of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
metallurgical company.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 771) incorporating the United States
Metallurgical Company.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand this is a bill
to incorporate a company by congressional
authority, and I object to its consideration at
the present time
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
b. h. randall.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 747) for the relief of B. H. Randall.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay the sum of $300, in full pay-
ment of his expenses from St. Paul to Wash-
ington, in 1865, and returning, when arrested
by the military authorities, &e.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
an amendment to insert, after the word "pay,"
in line four, the words "to B. H. Randall."
The amendment wag agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and theamendment was concurred in.
I'he bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read tbe third time, and passed.
georsb r. wilson.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No.1108) for the relief of George R. Wilson.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
was reported from the Committee On Naval
Affairs by the Senator from Florida, [Mr.
Osborn,] on the 11th of May. If there be no
objection the bill will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It proposes
to refer the claim of George R. Wilson for com-
pensation for the use of his improvements in
the construction of iron or metallic broad-
side gun-carriages in the naval service, by
virtue of letters-patent, dated February 9, I860,
to the Court of Claims, which court is vested
with jurisdiction to hear and determine, first,
whether Wilson was the original inventor of
the whole or any part thereof; and, secondly,
what amount ot compensation, if any, he is
equitably entitled to receive on the whole or
any part of the invention, and the use of the
same by the Government, to the date of the
adjudication. In determining the amdunt of
