1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2051
made indirectly in one way or another through
the appropriation bills or otherwise. I do not
speak of that to condemn it or to criticise it; I
speak of it merely as a fact. These indirect
accretions to the President's compensation
will go on gathering in volume from year to
year until 1 feel quite assured that before five
or ten years have passed by they will be full
as great as they are to-day. Hence, I think,
the increase to the President's salary is dis-
proportionate.
_ The Senator from New York was never so
right as when he said a while ago that this
whole subject should be dealt with upon some
general theory, and that it is too late at this
stage of the session to attempt so to deal with
it. I think it had better go over, if it is to be
done at all, to some period or some future ses-
sion when both Houses will have the time and
the opportunity to consider and adjust fully a
proper system.
I have thought it necessary in explanation
of ray own votes, especially of the vote which
I shall give against the motion of the Senator
from Vermont, to say these few words.
Mr. BAYARD. While it is entirely true
that this subject was extensively discussed at a
much earlier period of the session, I regret ex-
ceedingly that the discussion now must be
necessarily so short. The inadequacy of the
pay of the President of the United States is, I
think, admitted by almost every man who has
considered the subject and has any knowledge
whatever of the cost of keeping up an estab-
lishment such as the Government has desig-
nated as the residence of the President. When
George Washington took that place he received
$25,000 a year. The purchasing power of that
money at that period was four times as great
as it is to-day. Every man in the country
knows that Washington never did receive
an undue payment voluntarily, that during the
whole period of his revolutionary services as
a soldier his actual expenses were all that he
received, and that the remainder was allowed
to remain in the Treasury. With such a mark
of his strict sense of duty in regard to expendi-
ture, the American people can well under-
stand that he believed his salary of $25,000,
fixed in 1789, was not an undue payment ot
the office which he undertook. Sir, if §25,000
was a reasonable salary for the President of
the United States in 1789, $100,000 would
not be proportionately unreasonable to-day.
This proposition, however, fixes the amount
at $50,000. which I consider a perfectly mod-
erateand reasonable advance, if thequestion
stood by itself I should vote for it, and stand-
ing with others, I shall still vote for it.
In regard to the salary of the Vice Presi-
dent, I consider that $10,000, the sum pro-
posed, is entirely inadequate. 1 know and
the country knows that the Vice President of
the United States, living in this city with an
ordinary sized family, cannot find a residence
fit for the reception in the most simple manner
of the number of guests that necessarily will
attend his house, for the purpose of ordinary
social politeness, at a rent less than $5,000
per annum. It is well known that the rent of
houses occupied by gentlemen who hold office
in this city amounts to that sum and more than
that sum, and they pay it out of their private
means because their salaries are insufficient
for the purpose. I regret, that the committee
did not fix the vice presidential salary at a
higher rate.
As for the justices of the Supreme Court,
my opinion on that subject has been stated
to the Senate before. 1 do not believe the
country expects that gentlemen of the range
of talent and ability that ought to be called
to such places can afford to sacrifice twice the
amount of their pay annually for the purpose
of taking that seat; and yet that is precisely
what they do. There is not a man on the
bench or not a man (it to be on the bench
who laboriously exercising his abilities at
the bar would not earn twice the sum here
fixed upon.
In regard to the members of the Cabinet,
the same general remarks apply to them as to
the others. Their present salary is more than
half taken by their house rent, and in some
Cases almost entirely. If these prices be ex-
travagant, it is not the fault of the officials ; it
is the result of the luxurious mode of life
which has come over the American people,
and which the system of paper money which
has cursed this country for .the last twelve
years has done so much to advance.
This amendment has not been printed ; it
has not been laid before us for diligent and
careful examination; and therefore 1 cannot
speak of other officers whose pay is proposed
to be advanced excepting members of Con-
gress.
That should be treated as a broad question.
If you make the pay of "members of Congress
too low, if you .make it exceedingly small and
economical, you will fill your Halls with two
classes of men, either very rich men or rogues,
I have no question that there is a large num-
ber of disinterested individuals who may pos-
sibly be found somewhere in the city of Wash-
ington who would consent to come here and
fill the seats of Congress for nothing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
has spoken five minutes.
post office appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. COLE, and by unanimous
consent, the Senate proceeded to consider its
amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 3498)
making appropriations for the service of the
Post .Office Department for the year ending
June 30, 1874, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives.
On motion by Mr. COLE, it was
Resolved, That theSenateinsistupon their amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by tho House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The Vice President being authorized, by
unanimous consent, to appoint the committee,
Mr. Cole, Mr. Ramsey, and Mr. Kelly
were appointed the committee of conference
on the part of the Senate.
california representatives.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, by a mis-
take in the Revised Code of California, adopted
by the last Legislature, the congressional elec-
tion for the Forty-Fourth Congress will take
place on the 4th of September of this year,
which will be eighteen months before theirterm
will begin, and perhaps more than two years
before they will meet in the session of Con-
gress. A bill has been passed by the House
unanimously to fix the time for holding the
congressional election on the first Wednesday
in September in 1874. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the bill be taken up and passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator from Indi-
ana asks unanimous eonsent to consider the
bill indicated by him.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committeeof the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 3324) fixing the tirtie for
the election of Representatives from the State
of California to the Forty-Fourth Congress.
It provides that on the first Wednesday in Sep-
tember, 1874, there shall be elected in each
congresssioual district in the State of Califor-
nia one Representative to represent the State
in the Forty-Fourth Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. The object of the statute
of California was undoubtedly to save one
election in the nature of a general election ;
that is to say, when the California statute pro-
vided for an election of members of Congress
this year, it was undoubtedly with the idea to
have no election iu the nature of a general
election next year; and the only objection to
this bill is that it does that very thing. We
have too many general elections there by
reason of an unfortunate peculiarity in our
Constitution which makes our elec^ipn for State
officers fall upon a year different from the
presidential election. At the same time the
anomaly of having members of the House
elected so long in advance of the period of
entering upon their term is so great that I
do not feel warranted in offering any objection
to this bill.
Mr. COLE. The law was changed, I will
add, to make the election conform to the
presidential election in point of time, and to
save the election throughout the whole State
for these officers alone.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
legislative, etc , APPROPRIATION bilii.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the action of the House of Representatives on
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 2991) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending Jane
30, 1874, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] to concur in the
amendment of the House of Representatives
to the amendments of the Senate upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and pays,
resulted—yeas 2, nays 55 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, and Stockton—2.
NAYS—^Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Blair.
Boreman, Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Car-
penter, Casserly, Chandler, Conkling, Cooper, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Davis, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Hitch-
cock, Howe, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Machen, Morrill,
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norwood,
Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Ransom, Robertson. Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Schnrz, Scott, Sherman, Spencer,
Stevenson, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers,
West, Wilson. Windom, and Wright—55.
ABSENT—Messrs. Caldwell, Clayton, Cole, Kerry
of Connecticut, Frclinghuysen, Hamlin, Harlan,
Johnston, Nye, Osborn, Patterson. Pomeroy, Rice,
Sprague, Stewart, and Sumner—16.
So the Senate refused to concur in the
amendment of the House.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I desire to offer an
amendment to the bill now under considera-
tion for the purpose of putting the employes
of the Senate on the same footing as the offi-
cers and employes of the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
has disagreed to that amendment and it is not
now competent for the Senator to offer an
amendment to it.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the indulgence of
the Senator who has charge of the bill to give
me five minutes. I desire to get up a little
bill to which there will be no objection.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will allow me, the bill now before the Senate
will be disposed of in five minutes. I want to
send it to the Printer as soon as possible so
that it may be printed with the amendments
by to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will read the next amendment of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to take up
the time of the Senate'in going through any
of the other amendments of the House to our
amendments except one. The "House have
inserted in the amendments a provision for
the bringing of an equitable suit for the benefit
of the stockholders of the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company against any person who may
be supposed to have obtained any of its funds
in violation of their duty as its agents. In
that amendment, which I have carefully ex-
amined and not for the first time to-night, I
wish to move that the Senate concur. 1 only
ask, so far as I am concerned, that that par-
