1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1091
propose to offer a substitute for the words
which the gentleman proposes to strike out.
Mr. DONNAN. Before the gentleman
proceeds I desire to state that it was agreed
also by unanimous consent that any verbal
modification of the amendment submitted by
the gentleman Irom Indiana should be voted
on in lieu of the amendment as originally
offered. If this is merely a modification, the
understanding by unanimous consent is that
it shall be voted on.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to, adhere to my
substitute for the amendment, which it was
certainly understood I should hav eopportun-
ity to offer, and I ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
And to the original claimant only, or his personal
1 cprcsentative; but no'assignment of any such claim,
or liower of attorney authorizing such assignment,
or authorizing the receipt of the money in such
claim, or any part thereof, made or executed prior
to the issuing of the warrant on the Treasury there-
for. and the transmission of the same to the person
to whom issued by the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury, shall be recognized by the officer pay-
ing or authorized to pay such warrant.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer thatas a substitute
for the words stricken out by the committee.
Mr. DONNAN. I do not think that that is
in accordance with the understanding made ;
and I therefore decline to admit it, and ask
the previous question on the joint resolution.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist, then, on my mo-
tion to lay the joint resolution on the table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
39, noes 61; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Donnan and
Mr. Holman were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 32, noes 75; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose the gentleman
from Iowa wili now admit my amendment.
Mr. DONNAN. I am willing that it shall
be admitted to be voted upon, because some
gentlemen seem to think that it ought to be
considered as a modification of the other
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I withdraw the mo-
tion to lay on the table.
The SPEAKER. The question then is
upon the motion of the gentleman from Indi-
ana to strike out and insert.
Mr. DONNAN. I understand that this
should be considered as a substitute.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offered it as a substitute
for the words inserted on the motion of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Donnan.]
The SPEAKER. Those words were reported
by the Committee of the Whole as part ot their
substitute, and the question now is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Indiana, to strike
out those words and insert in lieu thereof what
has been read.
The Clerk read the words proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
And to the original claimant only, or his personal
representative; but no assignment of any such claim
shall be valid.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Iowa
proposes to strike out those words, and I pro-
pose to insert in lieu thereof what I have read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to place
it in a parliamentary form. The gentleman's
motion must include striking outaud inserting.
If that motion should prevail, it would not be
competent to entertain a motion to strike out
the words which had been inserted by the gen-
tleman from Indiana.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The words that the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Donnan] asked to
have stricken out were words which had been
put in by the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. No ; that is not the case
because the Committee of the Whole reported
a substitute for the joint resolution, which the
Clerk will now read.
The Clerk read as follows:
That it shall be the duty of the proper accounting
officers of tho Treasury to examine and determine
the amounts justly due upon tlio claims ior ex-
ponsos necessarily incurred in suppressing Indian
hostilities in tho Territory of Montana m the year
ISO", which linvo been examined and reported upon
by Inspector General James A. Hardie; but in no
ease shall the sum allowed thereon be in excess of
the award reported by the said General Hardie;
and in such investigation the testimony taken by
General Hardie in relation thereto shall be received
in evidence, but the same shall not be regarded as
conclusive unless said officers are satisfied there-
with. And the sums so found to be due shall be
paid to the persons severally entitled thereto - by a
disbursing officer, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of War: Provided, That the acceptance of
such payment shall be in full of all claims on ac-
count of said expenses: And provided further, That
no claim under the provisions of this act shall be
audited and paid unless presented within one year
from the passage of this act, and to the original
claimant only, or his personal representative, but
no assignment of any such claim shall bo valid.
The SPEAKER. Only one amendment
was reported by the Committee of the Whole.
The words added by the committee come
before the House as a part of the amendment.
The gentleman from Iowa desires to strike
them out, but yields to the gentleman from
Indiana, who moves to strike out and insert.
Mr. DONNAN. If the House refuses to
adopt the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana it can then adopt my motion ?
The SPEAKER. Oh, certainly. If the
House refuses to adopt the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana, then the House can
act upon the amendment of the gentleman
from Iowa; but if the House agrees to the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana,
then the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa will not be in order.
The question was on the motion of Mr.
Holman, to strike out and insert; and being
taken, upon a division, there were—ayes 62,
noes 63.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SPEER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken; and there
were—yeas 85, nays 99, not voting 56 ; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Barber,
Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck, Bell,
Biggs, Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Bo.irman,
Braxton, Buckley, BotSnton. Bunnell. Burchard.
Benjamin P. Butler, Carroll, Conner, Cox, Crcbs,
Crossland, Davis, Dox, Farnswortb, Finkelnburg,
Henry I). Foster, Frye, Gotz, Haldeman, Handley,
Harmer, John T. Hums, Hay, Hays, Hibbard, Hill,
Holman, Kerr, Ketcham, Killinger, King, Lansing,
Lynch, Maclnt.vre, Manson, Marshall. Maynard,
.McClelland, McCormick, McGrew. McHenry, Me-
Junkin, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan, Morpllis,
Silas L. Niblaek, William E. Niblack, Packer, Hosea
W. Parker, Pendleton, Perry, Potter, Head, Ritchie,
EllisH. Roborts, William R. Roberts, Sbanks. Shoe-
maker. Speer, Starkweather, Stevenson. Storm,
Washington Townsend. Tyner, Van Trump, Wad-
deli, Walden. Wallace, Warren, Wells, Whiteley,
Willard, and Williams of Indiana—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Avcrill, Barry, Bingham,
Bird, Boles, Bright, Burdctt, Roderick R. Butler,
Caldwell, Coburn, Coiningo. Cotton, Crocker. Dar-
rall, Dawes, Dickey, Dodds, Donnan, DnBose. Duell,
Duke, Duilnell, Eames, Eldredgc, Ely, Esly, Charles
Foster, Wilder D. Foster. Garfield, Garrett, Gid-
dings, Griffith, Hancock, Hanks, Hirper, George E.
Harris, Havens. John B. Hawley, Joseph R. Uaw-
ley, Geiry W. Ilazelton, John W. Ilnzelton. Hern-
don, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Keliey, Kendall,
Lamison, Leach, Lewis, McKee, McKinney, Mer-
riam, Merrick, Monroe, Morey, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Orr, Packard. Palmer, Isaac 0. Parker,
Peck, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Porter, Raincy, John
M. Rice, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers. Rusk, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Sessions, Sheldon, Shcila.bavger,
Sherwood, Slater, Sloss, H. Boardman Smith, John
A. Smith, Snyder, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John,
Taffe, Terry, Turner, Twichell, Upson, Vaughan,
Voorhees, Wakeman, Waldron, Wheeler, John T.
Wilson, and Young—99.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Banks,
Barnum, Bigby, Brooks, Campbell, Clarke, Cobb,
Coghlan, Connor, Croely, Critcher, Elliott, Farweli,
Forker, Goiladay, Goodrich, Hale, Halsey, Hamble-
ton, Hereford, Kellogg, Kinsella, Lamport, Lowe,
MoCrary, McNeely, Mitchell, Moore, Poland, Prieo,
Prindle, Randall, Edward Y. Rice, Robinson, Roose-
velt. Scofield, Seoley. Shober, Slocmn, Worthington
C. Smith, Snapp, Sprague, Stovers, Sutherland,
Swann, Syphcr, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Tut-
hill, Whitthorne, Williams of New York, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—56.
So the motion was not agreed to.
the question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Donnas, to amend the amendment re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole by
striking therefrom the following:
I And to the original claimant only, or his personal
I representative; and no assignment of any such claim
1 shall be valid
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
son there were—ayes thirty-four, noes not
counted.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. DONNAN called for the yeas and
nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were thirteen in
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last full vote) the yeas and nays were not
ordered.
Accordingly the amendment to the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
The question was then taken on agreeing to
the amendment reported from the Committee
of the Whole; and it was agreed to, upon a
division—ayes eighty-three, noes not counted.
The SPEAKERpro tempore, (Mr. Dawes.)
The question is now on ordering the joint
resolution as amended to be engrossed and
read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of
the engrossed joint resolution.
Mr. DONNAN. In order to allow time for
the engrossing of the resolution, I move to
reconsider the vote by which the House con-
curred in the amendment reported from the
Committee of the Whole; and on that motion
I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I raise the point
that the resolution has not yet been ordered to
be engrossed ; and no one has the right yet to
call for the reading of the engrossed resolution.
Mr. SARGENT. The reading will be called
for as soon as we reach that point.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. "It is time
enough to jump when we get to the stile."
Mr. DONNAN. I withdraw my motion to
reconsider.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of
the engrossed joint resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man is going to insist upon that, I ask that we
go into the Committee of the Whole on the
Post Office appropriation bill; by the time we
come out of committee this resolution will
have been engrossed,
Mr. DONNAN. I believe I have the floor.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the
joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed ;
and on that motion I call for the yea3 and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 27, nays 120, not voting
93 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs, Archer. Austin Blair, James G.
Blair, Conger, Crossland, Ely. Farnsworth, Griffith.
Halsey, Hanks, Ilibbard, Hill. Holman, Kerr, Kil-
linger, King, MeCielland, McHenry, McKee, Read,
Ritchie, Slater, Speer, Steven30n, Tyner, Van
Trump, and Walden—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Avenll,
Barry, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Bock, Biggs,
Bingham, Boles, Braxton, Bright, Buckley. Bufim-
ton, Bunnell, Burchard, Burdett, Caldwell, Comingo,
Cotton, Criteher, Crocker, Davis, Dawes, Donnan,
Dox, DuBose, Duell, Duke, Dunnell, Eames, Elliott,
Esty, Finkelnburg. Wilder D. Foster, Frye Gotz,
Giddings,Hancock,HandleyHarmer, Harper George
E. Harris, John T.Harris, Havens, John B. Hawley,
Joseph It. Hawley, Hays. Gerry W. Hazelton, John
W. Hazelton, Herndon, Houghton, Keliey, Kendall,
Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Lowe, Lynch, Maclnfeyre,
Maynard, McCormiok, MoCrary, MoGrow, McJun-
kin, McKinney. Merriam, Merrick, Monroe. Morey,
Silas L. Niblack, William E. Niblack, Packard,
Packer, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker,
Pendleton, Porter, Price, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts,
William R. Roberts, Robinson, John Rogers, Sion
H. Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks,
Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shober, Shoemaker, II.
Boardman Smith, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens,
Storm, Stoughton, St. John, Sutherland, Taffe,
Terry, Washington Townsend, Turner, Tuthill.
Twichell, Upson, Voorhees, Waldron.Warren, Wells.
Wheeler. Whiteley, Willard, Williams of Indiana,
John T. Wilson, and Young—120.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Ambler. Ames, Banks,
Barber, Barnum, Beatty, Bell, Bigby, Bird. Boar-
man, Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Buf>
ler, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cogh-
lan, Conner, Cox, Crcbs, Creely, Darrall, Dickey,
Dotlds, Elclredge. Farweli, Forker, Cnarles Footer,
Henry D. Foster, Garfield, Garrett, Golladay, Good-
rich, Haldeman, Hale, Hambleton, Hay, Hereford,
Hour, Hooper, Kellogg, Kct< ham, Kiosell.1, Lam-
