2052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
ticular amendment be reported, and as to the
•rfest I am willing to disagree en masse and let
tljem go to a committee of conference.
/ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope that by
general consent there will be a non-concur-
rence in the balance.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. In addition
to' that I desire a separate vote upon the nine-
tieth' amendment. It is known generally I
believe as the Mortill amendment.
'> Mr. SH8&MAN. That was concurred in.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Oh, no,
thafwas not concurred in by the House, and
I propose that we recede from that amend-
ment. . •
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is not in
order now. Let the amendment referred to
by the Senator from Vermont be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The House inserted in
Kea 6f the Senate amendment the following:
That the Attorney General shall cause a suit
in equity to be instituted in the name of the
United States against the Union Pacifio Railroad
Opijipany, and against all persons who may, in their
own ijames or through any agents, have subscribed
for' or received capital stock in said road, which
Hock ias not been paid for in full in money, or who
May, have received, as dividends or otherwise, por-
tions of the capital stock of said road, or the pro-
ceeds or avails thereof, or other property of said
:aaaa, unlawfully and contrary to equity, or who may
have received as profits or proceeds of contracts for
construction or equipmentof saidroador other con-
tracts therewith, moneys or other property wbich
:ought, in equity, to belong to said railroad corpora-
tion, or who may, under pretense of having complied
with the acts to wbich this is an addition, have
Wrongfully and unlawfully received from the United
;States, bonds, moneys, or lands which ought, in
equity, to be accounted for and paid to said railroad
company or to the'United States, and to compel pay-
ment for said stock, and thecollection and payment
of such moneys, and the restoration of such property,
or its value, either to said railroad corporation or to
the United States, whichever shall, iniquity, be held
entitled thereto. Said suit may bebrought in the cir-
cuit court in any circuit, and all said parties may be
made ctefendants in one suit. Decrees may be
"entered and enforced against any one or more par-
ties defendant without awaiting the final determ-
ination of the cause against other parties. The
court where said cause is pending may make such
orders and decrees and issue such process as it shall
deem necessary to bring in new parties or the rep-
resentatives of parties deceased, or to carry into
effect the purposes of this act. On filing tho bill,
writs of subpena may be issued by said court
against any parties defendant, which writ shall run
into any district, and shall bo served, as other like
process,- by the marshal of such district. Tho
books, records, correspondence, and all other doc-
uments ot the Union Pacific Railroad Company
shall at all times be open to inspection by tho
Secretary of tho Treasury, or such persons as ho
may delegate for that purpose. Tho laws of tho
United States providing for proceedings in bank-
ruptcy shall not be held to apply to said corpora-
tion. No dividend shall hereafter be made by said
company but from the actual net earnings thereof;
and 110 new stock shall bo issuod or mortgages or
pledges rnado on tho property or futuro earnings of
the company without leave of Congress, except for
the purpose of funding and securing debt now exist-
ing, ortherenewals thereof. That no director oroffi-
cerof said road shall hereafter bo interested directly
or indirectly m any contract therewith except for
his lawful compensation as such officer. Any di-
rector or officer who shall pay or declarc, or aid in
paying or declaring, any dividend, or creating any
mortgage or pledge prohibited by this act, shall bo
punished by imprisonment not exceeding two years
and by fine not exceeding $5,000: Provided, That
tho proper circuit court of tho United States shall
havo jurisdiction to hear; try, and dotermine all
■cases of mandamus to compel said Union Pacific
It ail road Company to operate its road as required
by law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
concur in this amendment. Aside from the
prohibition to officers of the company which
everybody can understand, and I need not
spend a moment upon, the simple provision is,
in the face of recent developments, that there
shall be authorized to be brought in a proper
circuit court of the United States, a suit for
the benefit of the stockholders of the Union
Pacific .Railway Company, and for the benefit
of the United States as its guarantor and a
person having a lien upon its property, a suit
in equity, governed by the regular principles
of legal equity as between private parties, but
stripped of technicalities and contrivances
which retard justice, which shall determine
whether any persons have any money which
belongs lo that treasury, and, if so, to compel
them to pay it in. That being the state of the
case, I move that the Senate concur in that
amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope, too, that the
Senate may concur ; but 1 wish to ask my
friend from Vermont, who has examined this
amendment carefully, (I know nothing of it
except hearing it read at the desk,) whether
the provisions of that amendment are ample
for bringing all the necessary parties before
the court. Suit may be brought in any cir-
cuit. Now we have no general law, I think,
providing for bringing parties in court by pub-
lication where they are non-residents of the cir-
cuit. I want to know if this amendment pro-
vides any mode for bringing parties before the
court who are noii-residents of the circuit in
which the suit is brought?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. If there is ample pro-
vision for that, then it is well. If there is
not, there ought to be.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is provided for,
that the process shall run into any district and
shall be served by the marshal there. I have
looked at it carefully, and it seems to me to be
about as perfectly provided for getting every-
body equitably interested before the court as
it can be.
Mr. THURMAN. It struck me that the
provision about process running into any dis-
trict was for bringing in new parties, but I
know nothing of it except hearing it read at the
desk. If the Senator has examined it and
knows that it is sufficient, that is all I desire to
know. If it has not such a provision as that,
it ought to be in it, because a great variety
of parties will be necessary. There ought to
be another provision, it strikes me, ift that
section, and I call the attention of the Senator
to it, and that is, that no objection for multi-
fariousness ought to be allowed. I think it
will be found necessary, if that section is to
achieve all the purposes it is intended to
achieve, to provide that it shall be free from
demurrer for multifariousness.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The very provision is
contained in the section which would prevent
a demurrer for multifariousness. That has
been carefully attended to by the very able
gentleman who had the matter in charge in a
place to which I have no right to refer.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator is satis-
fled that that is so, I am.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont to concur in the amendment of the
House.
Mr. CONKLING. This motion takes me
somewhat by surprise. The provisions we
are considering are rather unhappily intro-
duced upon an appropriation bill. Of course,
under the circumstances, they could not be
printed, and they have not been, and all I
know in regard to them I learn by listening
to the reading by the Secretary, and by the
attempt, which has been only partial for want
of time, to run my eye over these provisions.
It seems to me that this amendment had bet-
ter be non-concurred in and go to a committee
of conference, and for this reason merely. If
it shall take that direction every Senator in
the mean time may look at it; he may have at
least this evening to look in regard to it, which
I should like very much to do; and unless the
Senator from Vermont sees some particular
reason for concurring in this now without un-
derstanding it, for we cannot in detail, I should
be glad to have it lie on the table, as it may
for a while before the committee needs it in
conference, that we may understand what it is.
Now, Mr. President, I am not going to
attempt to criticise this proposition, but I call
attention to one thing which struck me in the
reading, if I can find it:
"The laws of the United States providing for pro-
ceedings in bankruptcy shall not be held to apply to
said corporation."
The corporation here described or referred
to, as I understand it, is the Union Pacific
Railroad Company. I am not prepared to
soy at this moment that under the provision
of the Constitution which allows us to adopt a
system of bankruptcy, provided it be uniform
throughout the United States, we have a right
to say as to all debts that may have accrued,
and as to all indebtedness to arise hereafter,
that this corporation shall be in nowise sub-
ject to compulsory provisions—I speak espe-
cially of those—in the bankrupt law. There
is no time to consider this amendment now,
even for a moment. If we could have an
hour or two lo consider it, we might do it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We had that on the
salaries. You might go on.
Mr. STEWART rose.
Mr. CONKLING. If my friend will pardon
me one moment, as I say I did not intend to
criticise this provision, certainly not to ex-
press any opposition to it. If it answers
the purpose and is properly guarded, I am for
it. My suggestion is that as there is nothing
gained by disposing of it at this moment, we
might non-concur in it with the others and
allow it to go to a committee of conference,
and in the mean lime every Senator would
have an opportunity to look at it, and he
might suggest any amendment that he deemed
wise to the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment of the
House.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I now move
that the Senate insist on all its remaining
amendments disagreed to by the House of
Representatives," non-concur in the amend-
ments of the House to the amendments of the
Senate, and ask for a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL of Maine. I move that the
committee of conference on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Morrill, of Maine, Mr. Carpenter,
and Mr. Stevenson were appointed the con-
ferees on the part of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr, Aw-
tiiony) subsequently said : The Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Stevenson] - desire? to be
excused from serving on the committee of
conference on the legislative, &c., appropria-
tion bill. If there be objection he will be
excused, and the Chair appoints the Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] in his place.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I submit a report from the
conference committee on the naval appropria-
tion bill, which will take but a moment.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho amendments to
House bill No. 3351, making appropriations for tho
naval service for the year ending June 30,1874, hav-
ing met, after a full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That tho Senato recede from its first, fifth, sixth,
and ninth amendments.
That tho Senate recede from its disagreement to
tho amendment of tho House to the forty-eighth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to tho same.
C. COLE,
A. II. CRAGIN.
J. W. STEVENSON,
Managers on the part oj the Senate.
EUGENE IIAL.E,
G. W. SOOF1ELD,
STEVENSON ARCHER.
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I should like to ask the
chairman of the committee if the appropria-
tion in reference to retired officers was agreed
to by the two Houses ?
Mr. COLE. That was concurred in by the
House and was not before the conference
committee at all. The important amendment
there related to the appropriation for the right
to use and construct certain torpedoes which
