128
TELE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
compensation the court is, with the evidence
in the case, to consider what assistance and
advice, if any, he received from naval offi-
cers and other employes of the Government,
and the fact that the material and labor
employed were at the cost of the Government;
and also, that while Wilson was engaged in
perfecting the invention for which letters-
patent were issued to him, he was in the
employment of the Government as a master
machinist, and that all tests, trials, and
experiments of the invention were at the cost
of the Government. The payment of any
award made to Wilson by the Court of Claims
for the invention is to vest the full and abso-
lute right to the patent in the Government of
the United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think that
bill had better go over.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator wishes
the bill to go over on account of any lack of
information, I am sure the chairman of the
committee can explain it in less than five min-
utes. It is really a case iu which the Govern-
ment ought to pay.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. It is iden-
tical with a bill we have just passed.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is much stronger.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am utterly
opposed to the principle of paying officers for
any invention they may make while in the em-
ploy of the Government. I think all patents
that are issued by the United States ought to
contain a reservation that anything that may
be for the nse of the United States should be
used without charge to the Government.
Mr. ANTHONY . I agree with the Senator
in that, generally; but thereare inventions that
are used only by the Government.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands this bill to be objected to, and it
must be passed over.
Mr. CRAGIN. I desire to say one word.
This Mr. Wilson is not an officer of the Gov-
ernment; he is merely an employ^, a mechanic
who works in the navy-yard at a per diem
compensation. This bill is not exactly like
the cases the Senator supposes, but it is almost
the same principle of course as in the other
case.
The PRESIDING OPTICER. Does the
Senator from Vermont insist on the objec-
tion ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir; I
will withdraw it on the statement of the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs that
this person is not an officer of the Govern-
ment, but merely an employ^ of the Navy De-
partment.
Mr. HOWE. It struck me from the read-
ing of the bill that there were questions re-
ferred to the Court of Claims for adjudi-
cation which it would be very difficult and
almost impossible to try judicially; and I
should like to ask the chairman of the com-
mittee if he does not think the committee
could report a sum which wonld be just, or at
least report a limitation upon the sum which
might be awarded by the Court of Claims?
There is a great variety of questions, I see,
submitted by the bill to the court, some of
them very difficult for anybody to try.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, as other committees, fiad it very diffi-
cult to investigate questions where details are
involved of dollars aod cents, where they have
to form a judgment as to what a thing is worth
to the Government or to an individual. This
is one of those cases. There was a question
in this case whether this man was the actual
inventor, although he obtained the patent.
Some naval officers assisted him, and some of
them claimed that the invention was not his.
The gun-carriage is certainly a very valuable
one to the Government, and it is not valuable
to any one else. If this man is to be compen-
sated at all, it must be by the Government.
The committee thought the Court of Claims
sould best investigate these preliminary ques-
tion, whether h* was the actual iavwlor and
what should be deducted frcxtt the compensa-
tion awarded him, if any thing, in oonsequence
of his being in the employ of the Government,
and perhaps using the time -that belonged to
the Government and experimenting with ma-
terials that belonged to the Government. All
these things would tend to lessen the amount
of compensation awarded; and if the Court
of Claims should find that he was not the real
inventor, of courSB tfcey would not award him
anything.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think (and if I am
wrong the Senator from New Hampshire can
correct me) that the questions which the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin alludes to are not generally
referred to the Court of Claims, but are as-
sumed as facts for the Court of Claims to take
into consideration in estimating the amount
of the award ; that they are to take into oon-
sideration the fact that Mr. Wilson was iu the
employ of the Government, that he used the
materials and the time of the Government. I
do not think there is to beany inquiry about
those facts.
Mr. HOWE. Bat how mueli should be re-
couped, for instance, by reason of this man's
being in the employ of the Government; how
much should be deducted because of any ad-
vice or assistance he received from officers
under the Government 
Mr. CONKLING. And the advertisement
, that was given to it.
i Mr. HOWE. That is not one of the ques-
tions. I think it would bother any court to
j say how much should be deducted on these
, different accounts.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is nothing from
advertising, because nobody but the Govern-
ment can buy the invention; none but the
Government can use it.
Mr. CONKLING. What is it ?
Mr. ANTHONY. A gun-carriage.
Mr. HOWE. I shonW like to inquire if the
committee had any idea of what would be a
proper recovery ?
lit. ANTHONY. The Senator from New
Hampshire e&ti answer that question better
than I can ; but really it is oae of those ques-
tions that ought tohctried before a court where
both sides can be represented. The commit-
tee cannot very well try a ease in that way.
The officers of the Navy should be summoned
to testify as to the amount of assistance they
rendered to Mr. Wilson, and the superintend-
ent of the mechanics' shop should be sum-
moned to testify as to the materials and the
time belonging to the Government that were
used in the invention. It is quite impossible,
the Senator knows very well, for a committee
of the Senate to make that investigation, and
it will be very difficult for a court, I admit,
bot much easier for a court than for a com-
mittee of the Senate. At least we think so.
Perhaps, if the Court of Claims had power to
refer it to ns, they might think a committee of
the Senate could do it better.
The bill was considered as m Committee of
the Whole, and reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 have no sort of objec-
tion, if any Senator desires it, to inserting a
limitation as to the amount of the award,
though I cannot fix it.
Mr. CONKLING. What would be feir ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I would not undertake
to say.
Mr. HOWE. With these intimations, as the
committee seem to think it would be fair that
there should be a limitation, and yet they are
not prepared to name one—and I certainly am
not—I will move, if there be no objection, to
recommit the bill to the committee with the
view that they may suggest a limitation .
Mr. ANTHONY. That will be the end of
the bill, I think. The Senator had better let
it go.
Mr. CONKLING. Let it be laid aside
informally, and the committee can consider
what the limitation ought to be and in half an
hour hence move an amendment.
Mr. HOWE. I will except that suggestion.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let the bill be passed,
and then if it is considered necessary, we can
reconsider it twid put in au amendment as to
the amount of the award.
Mr. COLE. It is a Senate bill. It can be
passed now, and let the House amend it if
they think it necessity to insert a limitation.
Mr. HOWE. But suppose the Heuse does
not see fit to put on a limitation ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it will be very
safe to leave it to the Court of Claims. I think
the Court of Claims will put on a better limit-
ation than a committee of the Senate can do.
Mr. HOWE. I understood the Senator to
be quite willing that a limitation should be
made.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understood the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin to say that he desired to
put in a limitation, and I had no objection.' I
aid hot know but that he had considered the
matter. We might pat in a limitation which
perhaps would be too large. We had better
feave it to the Court of Claims.
Mr. HOWE. I withdraw the motion.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbrsok, its Clerk, aanonnced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
1779) for the relief of Samuel Hitchcock.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 801) to authorize the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
settle with F. M. Cordeiro ;
A bill (H. R. No. 827) to authorize the con-
struction of bridges across the Ohio river, and
to prescribe the dimensions of the same;
A bill (H. R. No. 1779) for the relief of
Samuel Hitchcock; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2568) for the relief of
John Black, late consul of the United States
at the city of Mexico.
edward berry and others.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1109) for the relief of Edward Berry,
John McFall, and William H. Judd ; which
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It directs the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue to refund to
Edward Berry, John McFall, and William H.
Judd, citizens of St. Louis, Missouri, the sums
paid by them as internal revenue tax on sales
off tobacco made by them as State tobacco in-
spectors at the State tobacco warehouse, in
St. Louis; but the amount refunded is not, in
the aggregate, to exoeed the sum of $22,180.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
8teilacoom military reservation.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2630) to donate the military reser-
vation at Fort Steilacoom to the Territory of
Washington for the use of the insane asylum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
was reported by the Senator frotn Nevada,
[Mr. Nye,] from the Committee on Territories,
without amendment, on the 13th of May.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It proposes
to donate section thirty-three of township No.
20 north, of range No. 2 east of Willamette
meridian, embracing a portion of Fort Steila-
coom military reservation, and the military
barracks thereon, in the county of'Peirce,
Territory of Washington, to the Territory for
the use and purpose of an asylum for the in-
sane of the Territory, and for no other pur-
pose ; but this act is not to be construed or
