1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2053
the Senator will remember was discussed, and
we recognized its propriety at once.
The report was concurred in.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now ask the Senate
to proceed with the regular order.
J'he Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
making appropriations for the repair,
pi eservation, and completion of certain pub-
lic works on rivers and harbors, and for other
purposes.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
biil with amendments.
The first amendment was in line forty, to
strikeout the words " Pere Marquette " and
insert " Ludington; " so as to read :
Porthc improvement of Ludington harbor, Michi-
gan, $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out
lines forty-two and forty-three, in the following
words:
For the improvement of Sebawaing river, Saginaw
bay, $8,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out
lines forty-four and forty five, in the following
■words:
For the improvement of the harbors of Washing-
ton and Georgetown, District of Columbia, 850,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strikeout lines
forty-six, forty-seven, and forty eight, in the
following words :
For the improvement of Great ICanawha river,
« est Virginia, according to plan submitted by Gen-
cral A. A. Humphreys, $2o,000.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope that will not be done.
This is a small 'appropriation for the Great
Kanawha river in the State of West Virginia,
which has been put in by the Ilouse of Repre-
sentatives. It is, I believe, the first appro-
priation of the kind that has yet been given in
that direction. The State of West Virginia
has for years spent from ten to fifteen thou-
sand dollars on the river to clean it out and
make it navigable. It is now navigable for
about one hundred miles. This is but a small
appropriation, and without taking up the time
of the Senate at this crowded stage of the
session, knowing the value of time, 1 hope
the recommendation of the committee will not
bo concurred in.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have before me the
engineer's report in this case. It says :
"An effort was made, subsequent to Mr. Fisk's
repott, to improve the navigation by means of
'cijutes' excavated through ihe shoal?, with occa-
sional sligtit wing-darns to throw the water into tho
cnutos. This attempt was too limited in its extent,
nhd tailed in its object. Mr. Lorraine states that,in
October last, when the water was at its Ioweststage,
there was a depth of only eighteen to twenty inches
in tne chutes below CharleKO-n. It is desired to
obtain a useful depth ot not less than six ieet at all
4?e<u*ims.
*" Mr. Lorraine presents two estimates, each pro-
•\idmgfor a continuous and uninterrupted naviga-
tion Unoughout tho year for boats drawing six feet
water.
" 'Ihe first, amounting in round numbers to $2,000,-
000, contemplates an open-dam improvement as tar
up as Point Creek shoal, wirh water-ways one hun- :
<ired and twenty feet in width, and with six and a ;
haliiect depth; and from this point to the Great |
iY.li? a lock and dam improvement, with, locks two :
Jiundml jiihI forty tVct long, forty feet wide, and !
^vou feet depth of water. This ostimato includes j
the co^t ut a reservoir at Meadow river. j
" Ihe Mjeoiid estimate, amounting in round num- i
Kr* to 83,000,000, contemplates a lock and dam im- !
I>rovoment throughout." I
With that report before the committee, they
did not feel at liberty to recommend to the
Semite an appropriation of $i3,000 for this
river, as it was the iirsi that has ever been
J'imie. ]| will be <;hservpd that the language
■1 tor the iinpvovement. ol Great Kanawha
river, West Virginia, according to plan submit-
ted by General A. A. Humphreys, $23,000;"
f-o ih.it it will be seen it contemplates this plan
teferred to in the report.
Mr. DAVIS. Wc have no objection to
striking out that portion to which the Senator
objects; that is, the reference to the plan of
General Humphreys. An appropriation for
the improvement of the Great Kanawha is all
we ask.
Mr. CHANDLER. The committee could
not recommend the appropriation.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The objection on
the part of the committee was substantially
this: here was a plan which would event-
ually cost from two to three million dollars if
carried out, and even at that expense you
would obtain a navigation of only six feet of
water. It did not seem important, in the esti-
mation of the committee, that we should
commence on such a plan. '
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will allow me
a moment, we propose to strike out ail that
relates to the plan submitted by General
Humphreys, if that is objectionable to Sen-
ators.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not suppose it
will make any difference whether those words
remain in or not, because the $25,000 if ex-
pended would be expended with reference to
the ultimate appropriation of two or three
millions, and then you would secure a depth
of water of only six feet. It did not appear
to the committee to be advisable to take that
step now.
Mr. DAVIS. Before the question is taken
on striking out the clause, I move to amend it
by striking out the words " according to plan
submitted by General A. A. Humphreys."
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am not certain
but that those words had better remain. If
you are to expend the money there it ought to
be in accordance with some well-devised plan.
Mr. DAVIS. Then why make it an objec-
tion that tie plan upon which the expenditure
is to be made is stated in the appropriation ?
That is made an objection to the clause, and
when we move to strike it out we are told that
those words had better remain there.
Mr. CONKLING. If my friend will allow
me, he mistakes a lit.tle the purpose of the
committee, although I thought it was made
very clear by the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut. The committee did not disapprove
of this appropriation because a particular plan
had been made to which exception was taken,
but they disapproved of it because, in sub-
stance and in fact, upon the best plan that
could be suggested they thought it unwise,
committing tne Government to an expenditure
so vast that for this purpose they thought they
ought not to recommend it.
Mr. DAVIS. My friend will allow me to
say to him that it does not commit the Gov-
ernment to the expenditureof one cent beyond
the appropriation of 825,000. There is noth-
ing looking toward any such thing; there is
nothing being asked in that direction. The
Government can appropriate hereafter or not,
as they think proper. This is an important
river. However, knowing the importance of
time, I will simply ask that the vote be taken.
Mr. BOREA1 AN. I am satisfied the Senate
will not refuse to give this appropriation when
they hear a statement of the facts. I trust,
however, the amendment suggested by my
colleague will be made.
Now, sir, what is this little appropriation
for? Take this bill and look through it, from
one end to the other, and it is for cleaning
out rivers here and rivers there of no more
importance than the Great Kanawha river.
Why, sir, in some of the States up on the
lakes you have a score or two of harbors and
little rivers that are being improved at the
expense of the Government. Here we have
a liver which is a matter of importance, not
of a local character, as 1 slmll notv proceed to
stale; and I wish the members of tho commit-
tee, to whom I have not stared tho lasts in full,
to listen to what I have to say.
The Kanawha river is navigable for isbont
one hundred miles whenever the Ohio river is
navigable; and I wish that fact borne in mind.
Whenever the Ohio river above the mouth of
the Great Kanawha is navigable, this river
itself is navigable. The practice has been for
years and years, at the expense of the State,
to assist the navigation of the Kanawha river
precisely in the same manner that the Ohio
river has been made navigable in- low water
for years and years past; that is to say, throw-
ing out wing-dams in the shoal places, and,
throwing the water into the ourrentand dredg-
ing the shoals, of which there are probably-
two_ in that river. The river, as I stated, is
navigable by this annual expenditure for aKouV
one hundred miles. The capital of our State
is^ now located on this river about sixty-five
miles from its mouth. There are very large
salt works on the river that 'manufacture,
I think, about four million bushels of salt
a year. There is a very heavy coal trade
there. Millions and millions of bushels of'
coal are carried upon this river, from sixty"to
seventy miles up, annually. It is getting to
be one of the largest sources of supply for the
lower river that there is from any portion of
the upper Ohio.
Again, another fact that I wish the Senate
to know is that at this distance of about one
hundred miles from the Ohio river the Ches-
apeake and Ohio road, which has been opened"
within the last three or four weeks, strikes the
Kanawha river, and, therefore, it will be used
much more than it has been hitherto. The
freights which are much cheaper upon the
water will be carried up the hundred miles
and there put upon the Chesapeake and Ohio
road and transported across the mountain,
and so, coming from the East to the West, they
come there with their freights, "and they will
be thrown upon the river and taken out by-
water transportation, either up the Ohio or
down the Ohio, as the case may be.
I will be candid with the Senate on this sub-,
ject. We thought that upon the same priii -
ciple precisely that appropriations have been
made to the Ohio river for years past, in
throwing out dams and in cleaning out the
shoal places, this river, which is an arm of the.
Ohio river, ought to receivesome aid fromthe'
Government of the United States.
I believe I have now stated the facts in this,
case. The reason we have never heretofore
applied for an appropriation is that the matter
was not'of so much importance; it was local;
hut the Chesapeake and Ohio railfoad having'
been opened, and large freights coming there,
we now want some little assistance from the
Government of the United States. As I said
before, I will he candid with the Senate. We
never expect the great plan that Engineer"
Lorraine portrays to be executed. If any
improvement is made in that direction, it will
be upon that greater and grander plan which
we expect to press upon Congress in some
years to come, of making water transportation
from Richmond, Virginia, to the mouth of the
Great Kanawha; but in the mean time we wish
our State to have a little assistance in that
direction. These are the facts, and I think
upon the statement I have made we are enti-
tled to this little appropriation.
Mr. CHANDLEK. I move that the five-'
minutes rule be applied to this bill.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The Senator from Michigan moves
that the rule allowing debate to be limited' to
five minutes on appropriation bills be applied
to this appropriation bill, which motion inu=t
be decided without debate.
The motion was agieed to.
Mr. STEWART. I will new auk unanimous
consent for a thing that ought to be done ut
once. I have stricken out of the Texps Pacific
railroad bill all except the right to consolidate
with a road to California so as to give it a
right to connect with California. Everything
else that anybody objected to I have cut out
of the bill.
