1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
liave the effect to impair any rights of any
person in or to any portion of the lands ac-
quired under any of the land laws of the
United States.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator who has
charge of that bill is not here, but there ought
to be some explanation of it. I do not know
whether the military authorities are willing
that this bill should pass and give up the
reservation. We should have some explan-
ation of it.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not know that there
is any other explanation than this: I think
they have abandoned the post, and I presume
the Territory desires it for the purpose named.
It is a very pleasant location, but the soil is
not very desirable for any purpose of cultiva-
tion.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the value of the
reservation?
Mr. CORBETT. I should not think it was
very valuable, aside from its location for some
such purpose as this.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is there to be an insane
asylum there?
Mr. CORBETT. I cannot tell you that.
Mr. ANTHONY. Ought there not to be
some limitation providing that the asylum be
erected within a certain time?
Mr. COLE. This bill proposes to grant the
use of barracks already erected there, as I un-
derstand, for an insane asylum.
Mr. CORBETT. There are some barracks
there, but they are not of a very valuable na-
ture, I think. They are very poor, as I remem-
ber from a visit I paid there.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move this
amendment to come in as a proviso :
Provided, That the Secretary of War shall be sat-
isfied that it is no longer needed for military pur-
poses.
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think we ought to know
something about the value of this tract of land
which it is proposed to give away.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator object to the consideration of the
bill?
Mr. ANTHONY. Unless some Senator
can give information as to the value of the gift
we are to donate, I shall object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let my
amendment be adopted first.
Mr. ANTHONY. I withdraw my objec-
tion long enough to allow the amendment to
be made.
Mr. CORBETT. The location is a little
way back from the sound. It is a very pleas-
ant location, but there are not many buildings
there. It is some little distance, as I remem-
ber, back from the town, and it is located upon
a gravelly piece of ground. There is a tine
spring of water there, but I should think the
land was not valuable.
Mr. ANTHONY. How much land is there?
Mr. COKBETT. I presume three hundred
and twenty or six hundred and forty acres. I
am not positive as to the amount.
Mr. COLE. The bill says " one section."
Mr. COKBETT. There is usually one sec-
tion of land set apart for such purposes. I do
not think there can be any objection to the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is no earthly use
that an insane asylum can have for six hun-
dred and forty acres of land unless it be, which
I do not believe, that the people of Washington
Territory are more liable to the loss of their
mental faculties than those of other parts of
the country. I think this bill had better lie
over, and I think in the first place it should
have gone to the Committee on Public Lands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tliebill will
be parsed over. !
REDUCTION OF INTERNAL RETENUK EXPENSES, i
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before we go into ex-
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 9.
ecutive session I desire to make a report from
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 withdraw my motion for
a moment to enable the Senator to make his
report.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (H. li. No. 2994) for the reduction of offi-
cers and expenses of the internal revenue, to
report it back with sundry amendments, and I
give notice to the Senate that to-morrow at
one o'clock, after the morning hour, I shall
seek to get the action of the Senate upon it.
DISABILITIES OP L. Q. C. LAMAR.
Mr. VICKERS. I ask leave to make a
report. I am directed by the select Commit-
tee on the Removal of Political Disabilities, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3125)
to remove the disabilities of Lucius Q. C.
Lamar, to report it back without amendment,
and I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate
for action upon it at the present time. I will
remark that the bill has received the unani-
mous approval of the Committee on Disabil-
ities of the Senate, has had the unanimous
approval of the Committee on Disabilities of
the House, was passed there by a vote of 111
to 18, and is recommended by chancellors,
judges, the- district attorney, the Governor of
Mississippi, and a large number of Republicans,
who certify that the election at which this gen-
tleman was chosen to Congress was orderly
and fair, and that there can be no objection to
the removal of his disabilities, and they recom-
mend that Congress pass the bill.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed, two thirds of the
Senators present concurring therein.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. RAMSEY. I now renew the motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After seventeen minutes spent in
executive session, the doors were reopened.
HOLIDAY RECESS.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to take up the
concurrent resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives providing for the adjournment of
Congress during the holidays. 1 desire to have
that question decided now, because my col-
league is called away on some domestic affairs
for a day or two, and I wish to have it decided
before he leaves.
Mr. COLE. I supposed that that resolution
went over for one day on my objection this
morning, under the rules of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
so understands, if it is objected to.
Mr. CONKLING and others. Let us con-
sider it now.
Mr. CAMERON. There is no objection to
its consideration now, Mr. President.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the Secretary will report the
resolution.
The Chief Clerk read tbe resolution, as
follows:
Renolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the
two Houses adjourn on Friday, the 20th instant, they
adjourn to meet aeain on Monday, the 6th day of
January next, at twelve o'clock noon.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "Friday, the 20th,'" and inserting
" Monday, the 23d."
Mr. RAMSEY. My colleague resides in
this town, and he cannot appreciate the im-
portance of those of us who do not live here
getting home in time to eat our Christmas
dinner with our families.
Mr. WINDOM. I have taken that matter
into account and calculated the exact time
that it will require my colleague to get home.
He can start on Monday night and reach home
in time for his turkey, even if he eats turkey
for breakfast on Christmas day. [Laughter.]
Mr. RAMSEY. It requires three days.
Mr. WINDOM. Two days and three nights
will take my colleague to St. Paul.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Windom.]
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President, I trust the
resolution will not be amended. If the pur-
pose is to permit Senators and Representa-
tives to enjoy a visit to their homes, the time
stated in the resolution is short enough for
that purpose. Some of us on this side of the
House, even by starting on the night of the
20th, will not be able to reach our homes until
the evening preceding Christmas day. We
should be glad to be at home on that day, and
I trust the resolution will not be amended.
Mr. WINDOM. I propose, whether this
motion prevails or not, to follow it by amend-
ing the day of meeting and fixing it on the 3d
of January. I wish to say in answer to the
suggestion of my friend from Mississippi that
this is a very short session of Congress. The
House proposition is to adjourn for seventeen
days, one fifth of the entire time of this ses-
sion, and then following that the Senate will
be required to sit all night during the last
month or six weeks of the session, and I think
those who have any knowledge of the manner
in which business is transacted during night
sessions will agree with me that the interests
of the country will be far better subserved by
eating our turkey in Washington and doing
the duty we were sent here to perform, rather
than spending one fifth of the time away from
here, and then rushing business through in
night sessions, as we have been in the habit
of doing.
Mr. President, I have always voted against
these adjournments for the holidays. My col-
league says that I reside here. It is true I
temporarily have my family here, and propose
to stay in the city; and during my twelve years
service in this body and in the other House
I have never yet voted to adjourn over for two
or three weeks during the holidays, and I
think 1 never shall.
I will admit the suggestion of my friend
from New Jersey to be correct that it is very
frequently done, but it is a very bad practice.
I have very little hope that the practice will
be corrected now, but still I desire to make
the effort.
Mr. COLE. I am not without hope that
this practice may be corrected at this time.
The residue of the session before us is very
short, as we must all realize, and we know
the difficulty of getting through with the regu-
lar business of the session. We had a little
experience of that kind only a few months
ago. At that time it will be remembered the
session was extended into June, and though
it was prolonged to that late period of the
summer we had to adjourn from day to day
finally, and after a while almost from hour to
hour, in order to get through with the regular
business of the session. Senators of course
will not forget that we cannot prolong the ses-
sion beyond twelve o'clock of the 4th of
March. We come up then with a short turn,
and the business, 1 am satisfied, cannot be got
through with in good shape unless we avail
ourselves of pretty much all the time that is
before us between this day and the 4th of March.
I hope, therefore, the Senate will not adjourn
over. It is of no great consequence to take a
dinner in one place rather than in another.
To be sure, we should all be glad to get to our
several homes by Christmas day ; but I pre-
sume all of us can eat about as hearty a din-
ner in Washington as we could at some dis-
tant point. I cannot see what great gratifica-
tion it is going to be to a few of the Senators
to make a long journey for the sake, as ray
friend from Miunesota suggests, of partaking
of a piece of turkey.
