1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10&3
courts, presided oyer by Federal appointees, such
jurisdiction in civil and criminal cases only as is not
otherwise provided for.
The same act (section twenty-nine) provides that
the probate courts, which are presided over by per-
sons elected by the vote of the Territorial Legisla-
ture, shall "have power to exercise original juris-
diction, both civil and criminal, and as well in
chancery as at common law, when not prohibited
by legislative enactment."
The attempt, therefore, to abstract tho rightful
jurisdiction from the courts instituted and filled by
the Federal authority, and to transfer it from the
tribunal charged with it by the organic act to those
of local character, is too plain for argument.
This act provides by its first section "that all the
courts of this Territory shall have law and equity
jurisdiction in civil cases, an,4 the'mode of proceed-
ings shall be uniform in all ofsaid courts.'*
By this act it will be seen tea# not ofity are the
probate courts given powers which the supreme
court of the Territory has again and again denied
can be conferred, but even justices of the peacc
nave unlimited jurisdiction in equity.
When it is explained that in addition to the differ-
ent tribunals which are authorized by tho organic
act (section nine* organic act) the Legislature has
organized a ' county court," (page 206 of the Gen-
era} Laws of Utah,) also a mayor's and aldermen's
courts, (see charter of Great S-ih Xiofce and other
cities,) the enormity of this grant to these petty
courts may be appreciated.
The last section of the act first-referred to pro-
vides (pages 31 and 32, General Laws) "that any
matter involving litigation may be referred to arbi-
trators or referees selected by the cour-c or the par-
ties," and upon a hearing before tfuoh tribunal it
is required to.decide the matter, and file its judg-
ment, which is to be entered and have the same
effect as it given by the court. '
The right to a hearing by a judicial tribunal is
thus denied,and the-right of trial' by jury abolished
unless the court see fit to-grant it.
Therepugnance of this legislation, not only to the
organic act, btft to the principles of common right,
we submit has no parallel in the legislative history
of any other country.
The Supreme Court of the United States having
recently, in the case of Clinton vs. Englebrecht.
affirmed the binding force and validity of the pres-
ent jury law of this Territory, especial attention is
called to the complications and burdensome provis-
ions of this law. Without entering into an elab-
orate detail of its objectionable features, we will
pimply state that the Mormon element have the ex-
clusive control of these! ectfon of jurors in our courts
ol general jurisdiction, and that for the improper
exercise of this control, for the prejudices and par-
tialities of the element aforesaid against other por-
tions of the people of said Territory, there is no
remedy or redress whatever.
Furthermore, it is our conviction that under the
present system, carried" out with the purest motives
and best intentions, the machinery (so to speak) of
the s>stem is so complicated, and in different parts
has to bo worked by so many different persons, that
to obtain a jury panel in any case not justly subject
to challenge will be very difficult; that in a great
majority of cases such challenge could be properly
interposed for defects occurring in simply carrying
out or attempting to carry out the provisions of
the law.
Aud this being so, the right of trial by jury in this
Territory is in effect denied, and criminals go un-
punished and the rights of the people unprotected,
Kelcrence is also made to page 33, section four
of an act in relation to justices of the peace. By
this section such courts are permitted to " decide
cases without process" when the amount claimed
is less than $100, and by section thirteen, same page,
it is provided " that when the amount exceeds $100,
the justice shall have the same powers as other
courts of arbitration, and shall have power to en-
force his decision thereon, which decision? shall be
an end of the controversy."
Such monstrous provisions need no comment for
their condemnation.
By the act of 1870 some portions of the acts re-
ferred to are repealed, but the proposition that the
general system of legislation in Utah has been
subversive of the authority of the Federal Govern-
ment is not affected by this faet.
We submit further that in providing for the filling
of offices ot territorial marshal, (Laws of Utah, page
33,} territorial attorney general, (page 38,) territo-
rial auditor, (page 75,) territorial treasurer, (page 77.)
territorial school superintendent, (page 221,) terri-
torial surveyor general, (page 77,) territorial ward-
ens of penitentiary, (page 96,) territorial directors of
penitentiary, (page 96,) territorial notaries public,
(page 214, J by the joint vote of the Legislative Assem-
bly, is deliberate violation of the seventh section of
the organic act, which provides that all such officers
shall be appointed by the Governor', by and'with the
advice anil consent of the territorial council.
We also submit that the act of February 12,1870,
prostitutes the right of suffrage by conferring it on
an alien woman without even qualification of time
of residence, but on the sole condition that she be-
come what is termed tho "wife" of a "citizen,"
without any limit to the capacity of such "citizen"
for this new process of naturalization. When it is
remembered that most of these women, by assuming
domestic relations which arein violation of the laws
of Congress, could not become citizens by natural-
ization m the courts, the purpose of this summary
process of making legal voters of them is apparent.
In support of the third, fourth, and eighth propo-
sitions we advert to the absence of any statute of
frauds, of registration, of inheritance or marriage
buch an omission cannot simply be an oversight but
must hare been intentional and deliberate. We
submit that the ordinary exigencies of a civilized
community demand legislation upon these subjects
About four filths of the legislation of the Terri-
tory during its existence for twenty-one years is
made up of charters to local municipalities and
grants ot special privileges to individuals, as will be
seen by reference to the volume containing the gen-
eral laws, from which we have quoted.
•. V ■ following: Parowan city.25 square
miles; Millard city, 36 square miles; 'JCooelo city 9
square miles; St. George city, 25 square miles;
Uoaver city, 36 wuare miles; Fillmore city, 36 square
miles; Grrantsviiie city, 18 square miles; Coalville
city, 20 square miles; Dcseret city, 36 square miles;
bmithiield city, 18 square miles; Franklin city, 18
square miles; Hyrum city. 9 square miles; Mcndou
city 9 square miles; Willard city, 6 square-miles-
Washington city, 20 square miles; Cedar city, 36
square miles; Lehi city, about IB square miles-
American Fork, about 16 square miles; Pleasant
Grove, about 40square miles; Provo Srove, about 25
square miles; Springville Grove, about 25 square
miles^fiiKmisfrFork* about-30 square miles; Payaon
Jiork, about 2o square milSs ; Manti Fork, about 16
. ,    — square
miles; Logan Fork, aboutlg squarcmiles; Wellsville
Fork, about 16 square mUes; Maroni Fork, about40
square miles; Brigham Fork, about 12square miles;
Richmond Fork, about 16 square miles; Kaysville
Fork, about 18square miles; Ephraim Fork, about 12
square miles; Mount Pleasant, 16 square miles:
Spring Fork, 16 square miles.
Exact figures are given when possible. In other
cases natural objects, and not distances are given for
bounds, but the aggregate is probably far greater
than here stated. To show how comprehensive the
plan is, it may be Mentioned that in going south the
traveler enters the corporate limits of Lehi when he
enters Utah county, and from that into American
Fork, and so on into Pleasant Grove, Provo, Spring-
ville, Spanish Fork, Payson, &c., passing out of one
only to enter another, so that through the length of
the county he is within corporate limits, though for
much of the distance he is miles from any habitation,
and for the entire distance ol three or four hundred
miles south to St. George, as a general rule, he is
within the limits of a corporation when he is not on
the desert.
The next step in this process was to canton out
the legislative power to this system of municipali-
ties. which was done in the various charters, and
their numerous local Legislatures proceeded under
them to establish and put in force an elaborate
system of laws, which are still kept in operation.
A reference to such charters will indicate what
enormous powers have been assumed and exercised
under them, so comprehensive in fact that the Leg-
islature has never found it expedient to pass any
law in reference to the crime of assault and battery,
and many other subjects of general laws. Thus the
legislative power which was by the organic act (sec-
tion four) delegated exclusively to the Governor and
Legislative Assembly, with a provision for the sub-
mission of all laws to Congress, (section six) has been
redelegated to these irresponsible bodies without
any check or participation by the Governor, or any
means tor their submission to Congress.
The next and final step in this process of inde-
pendence was to provide judicial machinery for
putting into operation this system of local codes,
without any check or control by appeal or other-
wise, by the courts of general jurisdiction provided
by Congress and filled by Federal appointment.
The entire judicial power ot the Territory is by the
organic act (section nine) vested in four grades of
courts, namely: a supreme court, district courts,
probate courts, and justices of the peace. But by
these charters mayors' and aldermen's courts are
created, and the judicial power ca.n toned out to them,
with justices of tho peace to put in force their sepa-
rate machinery, and appeals from them are only
allowed to the probate courts, which, as has been
seen, are invested for this and all other purposes
with appellate as well as general original jurisdic-
tion, criminal as well as civil, in chancery as well as
at law, to the exclusion of the district courts. By
these means there have been established and vigor-
ously maintained in Utah an independent system
of laws and an independent judiciary, to which all
the local authorities and loca.l ministerial officers are
wholly subservient; among whom are those invested
with the power to select and summon all jurors,
grand as well as petit, for tho administration of
territorial laws in the district courts. Hence, the
administration of justice has fallen into utter dis-
order and confusion.
Persons accused of crimes and committed to cus-
tody by the district courts or judges are discharged
on habeas corpus by the probate judges. The pro-
bate courts, assuming as law that all acts purporting
to confer jurisdiction upon them not disapproved by
Congress are approved by Congress, are exercis-
ing all over the Territory unlimited jurisdiction,
original and appellate, criminal as well as civil, in
chancery as well as at law, which these various acts
assume to confer, lu them equity is blended with
remedies at law in one and tne same case; grand
juries arc impaneled, indictments found and tried
for every grade of crime. In some cases prisoners
under accusation or trial upon such indictments, have
boon discharged or hold to answer, as the showing
required, before district courts by district judges on
hthem coriius'. And in all this confusion, though
often docidcd, no question is determined, but every-
S!S?lsm-°Tin?on,iri.tha fu.11 tide of .disorder, to-
J -7l?c°lbsion which must result if Con-
A«fr«aiit >m&pp2S?iby appropriate legislation.
  i • ^e fifth proposition, the various acts
S L?g i?tlve favorit®8' exclusive control"
ot streams of water, upon wnioh large settlements
Irnsation and other uses, and of timber,
and the canons by which .access to timber is had
are too numerous to be specified here; but in ad-
dition to all these special grants, there is a general
provision to effect exclusive control of all other .
timber, water-power, and streams in the Territory
provided in the seventh section of an act creating
the officoofsfilectmenandcounty courts, and defirunj?
their powers and duties, page 206, sections seven
eight, and nine, whrch grants to the county courts
toe control of all timber, water privileges or any
water course, or ereek, to grant mill sites, and exer-
cise such powers as in their judgment shall' best
preserve the timber, and subserve the interests of
the settlements m the distribution of water for irri-
gation or other purposes. Grants or rights held
under legislative authority shall not be interfered
with. Ihus the special grants which include the
most important streams and most accessible timber
are mado absolute and free from all interference,
and all the rest is committed to the discretion ot the
county courts. If any one should be surprised at
the extent of the assumption, and doubt the power
to enforce it, with all the machinery and local forms
of government acting as a unit, let him consult tho
actual events in Utah.
Among the anomalies- ctMegislation, reference is
made in support of the seventh proposition to the
following act, which is liero'bopied. that no one may
suspect that injustice is done by construction of it,
namely, page 50:
" Chapter XXI.—An act providing for the man-
agement of certain property.
"Section 1. Be it cnacted by the Governor and
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah, That the
probate judge in each county Is empowered and
required to take possession of all property left by
any deceased or absconder^ person, when there is
no legal claimant known .or sufficiently near to see
to it in season; and shall forthwith' appraise and
make two lists of said property, and keep one on
file and furnish one to the treasurer of the perpetual
emigrating fund.
" Seo. 2. It is hereby made the duty of every per-
son having such property in his possession, or
knowing it to be in the possession of any other per-
son, to report the property forthwith, "and the
name of the person in possession thereof, to the
probate judge of the county where said possessor is
at the time ; and said judge shall take possession of
such property as soon as practicable, and proceed
therewith as required above.
" Skc. 3. At the earliest practicable date the pro-
bate judge shall place said j)roi>erty, or the avails
thereof, in the possession of said rund, the value
thereof to remain there until proven away by a legal
claimant, when said judge shall give an order there-
for on the treasurer of the fund.
"Sec. 4. A failure to comply with the requisi-
tions of this act may be punished by costs, damages,
and fine, adjudged by any court having jurisdiction.
"Approved January 20, 1854."
It matters not by what means a party may die, or
what dependent family or just creditors he may
have, or by what pressure he became an "absconds
ent," the probate judge is authorized to seize the
property " left," appraise it at his own discretion,
sell it at his own price, and " at the earliest prac-
ticable date" place the same or its avails "in pos-
session of" a "fund," not a public officer under
official bonds; and when "proved away by a legal
claimant" his remedy ends by getting an order on a
" man in buckram." The statute oflimitations, ap-
proved February i6, 1872, under one construction of
it will, if not disapproved by Congress before Feb-
ruary 1G, 1870, bar thenceforth all remedies for
wrongs of this class, as well as many others which
have occurred more than three years prior to that
time.
In support of the eighth propositien we would say
that justices of the peace, by the act referred to,
(sec. 15, page 33,) are empowered to enforce arbitra-
tions when the amount in controversy exceeds $100,
and their decisions are made final.
The mayors of corporations are authorized to ex-
ercise the right of eminent domain (an attribute
of sovereignty) by taking private property for pub-
lic uses anywhere within their corporations without
any check to oppression. (See cbartersof Salt Lake,
Provo, &c.) The by-laws and ordinances of theso
cities authorize the seizure and destruction of tho
property of the citizens. The case of Englebrecht
et al. vs. Clinton ct aL, recently before the United
States Supremo Court, originated in a proceeding of
this kind.
It may be asked why are not all these matters
decided and determined by the district and supreme
courts of the Territory? Some of them have been;
but nothing is determined or .settled in Utah.
It is assumed in favor of an independent and sep-
arate judiciary, an independent military organiza-
tion, that all the legislative acts tending to estab-
lish them have been submitted to Congress, and that
Congress never having disapproved of any of them,
has by acquiescence approved them all; and a re-
mark of Chief Justice Chase in the late case of Clin-
ton et al. vs. Englebrecht et al. is relied on to support
this assumption.
In conclusion, there being no grounds for a hope
that the Legislature of Utah will change its policy
so long and systematically pursued, the only remedy
is with Congress, by disapproving all hostile, un-
