130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
I hope at least that the amendment of the
Senator from Minnesota may be adopted, that
we may shorten up somewhat the period of
the proposed adjournment. He proposes to
take three days off the commencement of the
space allowed by the House and three days off
the other end of the term of seventeen days,
and in that event Senators will have an oppor-
tunity of mating this visit that they so much
covet in order to participate in a dinner on
Christmas day at home. I hope this amend-
ment wiil be adopted, and in that event 1 am
sure many Senators will be much more at
liberty to vote for the resolution.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. W1ND0M. I now move to amend by
striking out "Monday, the 6th of January,"
and inserting "Friday, the od of January,"
as the day of reassembling; and I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am unlike my friend
from Minnesota in one particular only ; that
is, I have ceased to have any hope of resisting
these propositions, and I would advise him to
surrender at discretion rather than be voted
down. I have been here a little longer than
him, and I have voted against these proposi-
tions, like him, a great many times; I am
almost ashamed to say how often. I have
never succeeded; and the Senate is just as
sure to take this holiday as every family in
in the country is, as I hope, to enjoy the Christ-
mas holidays. There is no use in resisting
the desire of the Senate, and we are only con-
suming time this afternoon in voting by yeas
and nays. I shall vote with my friend, how-
ever ; ] will keep him company; and we shall
have only a small band voting on the right
side, but against Christmas and New Year's,
and the bulk of the Senators and all the chil-
dren and all the families will be agaiust us.
Mr. WINDOM. I take it the time fixed
by this amendment will give ample opportun-
ity to all Senators to retarn here after having
spent both Christmas and New Year's at
home. The Senator from Ohio says there is
bnt little hope of my success, and I agree with
him; but I still think there is no impropriety
in trying this question every year, and possibly
we may accomplish what is right after awhile.
I should like to offer an inducement to such
gentlemen as my colleague and others to bring
their families with them when they come.
This is a short session, and I think it is far
better that they should bring their families at
once. I am anxious on that account that we
should correct this evil which has existed so
many years.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I never
have voted against a resolution of this kind.
I always vote for allowing Senators the longest
time to go home at Christmas. For more
than fifty years I have had all ray kith and kin
in my house on that day, and I hope to do so
for many more years. Besides, we have very
little to do at this session in addition to pass-
ing the appropriation bills to carry on the
Oovernment; and perhaps the fewer days we
sit the better. Bat if the committees wish to
mature legislation, those gentlemen on them
who remain or reside in the city of Washing-
ton will by this recess have time to prepare
business for us. Those who want to stay can
do so ; 110 one is forced to go away.
The Senator from Minnesota says he wants
to induce members to bring their families here.
I bring my immediate family here ; but I can-
not bring all my children and all iny grand-
children. I have fifteen grandchildren ; and
in addition to them I have a great many friends
that I like to see at my house on Christmas
day or about Christmas time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Count us all in. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CAMERON. I should be glad to see
every member of the Senate, and I will say to
you, Senators, that if you come there I will
give you a (jruiicl jollification, and make you
all feel happy and glad. At Christmas time
everybody ought to rejoice and feel glad.
Every good man and every good woman does.
This is one reason why I wish to have and to
allow my associates here to have a chance to
be at home on that great festival.
Mr. WINDOM. I think my honorable
friend can see at least two grandchildren a
day if this amendment prevails. [Laughter.]
It does not require one day for each—seven-
teen days in all.
The question being'taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 33; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Cole, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamlin,
Hitchcock, Howe, Logan, Osborn, Patterson, Pratt,
Sherman, Spencer. Windom, and Wright—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton,
Conkling, Cooper, Corbett, Davis, Edmunds, Ferry
of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Kelly, Lewis,
Machen, Morrill of Maine, Norwood, Ramsey, Ran-
som, Rice, Saulsbary, Scott, Stevenson, Tipton,
Trumbull, and Viekers—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Casserly, Cragin, Fenton, Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan, Hill, Johnston, Kellogg, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Nye, Po.meroy, Pool, Robertson,
Sawyer, Schurz, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Sum-
ner, Thurman, West, and Wilson—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring iu the resolution. I
The resolution was concurred in.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate '
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at three ;
o'clock and twenty-nine minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 11, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock ra. Prayer
I by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
| proved.
!, taxes on distilled spirits.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, reported beck the bill (H. It. No.
8016) to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the abatement or repayment of taxes
on distilled spirits in bond, destroyed by cas-
ualty," approved May 27, 1872, and moved
that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that it
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was laid on
the table; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
centennial celebration.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I ask
unanimous consent to present a memorial from
the centennial commission, and I ask that it
be read, printed, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest that it ought
to be referred to the select Committee on
the Centennial Celebration.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I will
modify my resolution in accordance with that
suggestion.
No objection being made the memorial was
read, and is as follows:
To the Honorable the Senate and House of Representa-
tive* of the United States of America :
The memorial of the United States centennial
commission, appointed under the act of Congress,
approved March 3,1871, entitled " An act to provide
for celebrating the one hundredth anniversary of
American independence," &c., respectfully repre-
sents that at its recent meeting in Philadelphia it
was ascertained by the reports of its members from
various parts of the Union that the people of their
respective States had not furnished such material
aid as is now required for the important work with
which the commission has been charged, and that
the pro rata stock subscriptions contemplated by
the act approved June 1,1872, cannot be made in
time to enable the commission to complete its pre-
liminary arrangements for the proposed exhibition.
so that it ma? In all roepects comport with the dig-
nity of our Government, the character of its institu-
tions. the growth of the nation, and the grandeur
of the event which it is intended to commemorate.
Your memorialists, therefore, respectfully and earn-
estly solicit such a89i3tanco from Congress as, in its
judgment, may be required by the exigencies of tho
ease for those preparations now necessary to be
made for carrying into effect the general wish of the
country, " that the completion of the first century
of its national existence shall bo commemorated by
an exhibition of its national resources and their
development, and of its progrcssin those arts which
benefit mankind, in comparison with those of older
nations." And yo ir memorialists will ever pray, &c.
JOHN L. CAMPBELL,
Commissioner for Indiana.
JNO. M. MARTIN,
Commissioner from Kansas.
JOSHUA NYE,
Commissioner from Maine.
GEO. B. LORING,
Massachusetts.
JAMES BTRNEY, Michigan,
0. C. FRENCH, Mississippi.
JOHN M'AIIE, Missouri.
0. CLEVELAND.
of JYno Jersey.
J. M. ALBERTSON,
of North Carolina.
W. M. BYRD,
Commissioner from Alabama.
E. W. GANTT,
Commissioner Arkansas.
J. D. CKUGfl,
Commissioner of California.
WM. P. BLAKE,
Commissioner, alternate, Connecticut.
S. L. SPINK,
Commissioner, alternate, Dakota.
J.T.BERNARD,
Commissioner, substitute, Florida.
THOMA^ DONALD,
Commissioner, Idaho.
ROBERT LOWRY,
Commissioner from Iowa.
A. T. GOSHORN,
Commissioner from Ohio•
A. J. DTTFEER, Oregon.
D. J. MORRELL,
Commissioner of Pennsylvania.
SAMUEL POWELL,
Commissioner, substitute, of Rhode Inland.
WILLIAM F. PROPER,
Commissioner, alternate, of Tennessee.
OSCAR G. SAWYER,
Commissioner, alternate, Utah.
w. w. wooix
Commissioner from Virginia.
ALEX. R. BOTELER,
Commissioner from West Virginia.
DAVID ATWOOD, _
Commissioner from Wisconsin.
ROBERT H. LAMBORN,
Alternate Commissioner, Wyoming.
W. II. PARSONS. Texas.
. JOHN H. RODNEY,
Commissioner, alternate, from Delaware.
LEWIS W. SMITH,
Commissioner, alternate, from Georgia.
The memorial was then referred to the
select Committee on the Centennial Celebra-
tion, and ordered to be printed.
excuse from committee service.
Mr. KELLEY. I rise, Mr. Speaker, for
the purpose of asking the House to excuse
me from further service as chairman of the
Committee on Coinage, Weights, and Meas-
ures, and as chairman of the Committee on
the Civil Service. I do this, sir, not because
the duties of the positions are distasteful to
me, for it is otherwise. In the business of
each committee I feel a deep personal inter-
est; but having the honor to be chairman of
the Committee on the Centennial Celebration,
and having also to discharge my duties as a
member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
I desire to be excused from service on the
committees which I have named.
There was no objection, and Mr. Kelley
was excused.
two p®r cent. fund of western states.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I ask that the
report of the Committee on the Judiciary upon
the two per cent, fund of the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, which was made a
special order last session, be considered on
luesday next at two o'clock p. m.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the order will be made.
Mr. SARGENT. I have no objection to
its being set down for consideration on that
day.
The SPEAKER. If an hour be specified
the order is absolute.
