1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
south pier should always be the longer one. In
this instance, as is stated in the report, the
north pier is the longest. That leaves the
sea to break against the north pier, and ves-
sels injure themselves by entering. The
engineer has recommended that the south pier
be lengthened so as to be equal with the other,
and thus insure safety in the entrance. I
should not persist in this matter but for the
fact that th is appropriation is designed to
complete the work, and the amount being so
small, only $7,000, I hope the Senate will
non-concur in the amendment.
EMPLOYMENT OF COUNSEL.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask unanimous consent,
which I believe is the first time I have done it,
to take up and pass a bill reported from the
Judiciary Committee which authorizes the Sec-
retary of State to continue to employ daring
the summer the same agent and counsel before
the mixed commission, which terminates in
September, that is now employed, the point
being that Mr. Hale, who has been employed,
and who is thoroughly familiar with the whole
subject, and whom we cannot dispense with
without great loss to the public interest, has
been elected to Congress, and his term tech-
nically and legally begins on the 4th of March.
It is not, in the opinion of the committee and
in Mr. Hale's opinion, lawful for him strictly
to hold the relation of counsel, because it is
a kind of contract with the Government.
Therefore this bill merely provides that the
Secretary of State may continue to employ
him until he is sworn in as a member of Con-
gress. I ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to take up the bill and pass it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator from Ver-
mont asks unanimous consent to consider at
this time the bill indicated by him. Is there
objection ? The Chair hears no objection, and
the bill is before the Senate and will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the title of the bill (S.
No. 1580) to authorize the continued employ-
ment of an agent and counsel of the United
States.
Mr. HARLAN. Is this another bill?
• The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the bill
taken up by unanimous consent.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think I can con-
sent to that unless the Senate will agree to give
us a vote on a little bill in which Iowa is iu-
terested.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The objec-
tion cornea too late. The bill has been
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall have to object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is too
late. The Chair asked if there was objection,
and there was no objection made. The bill is
now before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It provides
that it shall be lawful for the President of the
United States, in his discretion, to continue
the appointment and employment of the
present agent and counsel of the United
States, under articles twelve to seventeen,_ in-
clusive, of the treaty between the United
States and Great Britain, concluded May 8,
1871, and for the agent and counsel to act
under such continued appointment and em-
ployment, notwithstanding his election as a
Representative iu the Forty-third Congress ;
but such appointment and employment is not
to continue after the agent and counsel shall
have taken the oath of office as such Repre-
sentative. . ,
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed lor a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
KIVEK AND IIABBOH BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed tho consideration of the bill (.n- p
No. S'.W2) making appropriations lor ttie
repair, preservation, and completion of cer-
tain public works on rivers and harbors, and
for other purposes, the pending question being
on the amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce to strike out lines forty-nine and fifty,
as follows:
For the improvement of White riverharbor, Mich-
igan, $10,000.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was after line fifty to. insert the fol-
lowing clause:
For the improvement of Frankfort harbor, Michi-
gan, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page4, to
strike out lines sixty-seven and sixty-eight, as
follows:
For the improvement of St. Clair river, at tfee
mouth of illack river, $15,000.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I should like
to know why that is stricken out.
Mr. CHANDLER. In the reports of this
year this improvement does not appear in
the recommendation, and the committee would
not entertain a proposition to recommend
anything unless there was a report from the
engineers. One of my colleagues in the other
House, however, who is more familiar with
this subject, has since informed me that there
is a report of 1871-72, that they were at work
upon this river improvement with dredges and
that it was very important that it should be
continued. The Black river is of no account;
it is a mere logging stream, and I was not in
favor of any improvement in the Black river;
but it seems that this is for a bar at the foot of
what are called the rapids at the entrance out
of Lake Huron into the St. Clair river—a bar
formed by the swamps from the Black river,
which affects the general commerce.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. That affects
the whole commerce of the inland lake.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
noes appeared to prevail.
Mr. COLE. I think we had better divide
upon that; there is no use in making that ap-
propriation. So we are told by the Commit-
tee on Commerce, at the head of which is the
Senator from Michigan himself.
Mr. CORBBTT. As a division is called for,
I wish to state that the committee thought it
proper not to increase the appropriations in
this bill as it came from the House. Where
we have stricken out some appropriations we
have inserted others. Right below this is an
appropriation for the improvement of Pent-
water harbor, Michigan, $20,000. Tn almost
every instance where an appropriation is
stricken out. a compensation will be found for
it. If we are going to refuse to agree to the
amendments of the committee striking out and
then concur in the appropriations offered in
addition, we shall increase this bill to an
amount beyond that which we are able to ap-
propriate according to the finances of the
country.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will state another
reason why the committee thought it advisable
to strike out this provision. It seems that
there has been a section of the lake surveyed
for the purpose of mabing.a harbor of refuge,
and the expense of that harbor will be some
§500,000; but there are three places, any one
of which may be determined upon, but even
the engineers and the people in that vicinity
have not yet determined which would be the
better site, and it appeared to the committee
not advisable to make an appropriation until
that fact was determined.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senatorsm
favor of the amendment to strike out this ap-
propriation will rise.
Seventeen Senators rose.
Several Sesatoks. Give it up. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is apprehensive that Seuators do not appre-
ciate the effect of the vote. It is understood
to be given up on the opposition, and as it
now stands the appropriation remains.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that the provision
be read, and then I ask to be told what the
question is.
The Chief Clerk. The committee report
to strike out the clause :
For the improvement of St. Clair river at the
mouth of Blaek'river, $15,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Less than ■
half a quorum voted in the affirmative.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If we concur with the
committee it goes out of the bill, and therefore
the affirmative, the ayes in favor of striking
out, were said to have it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Less than
half a quorum voted in the affirmative, and it
could not be carried even if it was given up on
the other side.
Mr. FERRY', of Michigan. I believe I was
on the negative side on this subject. I merely
desire to add a' word and to impress on the
Senate that this is an appropriation for the
interest of general commerce. All the com-
merce that goes to Chicago, Milwaukee, Ra-
cine, and all those harbors, is interested in
keeping St. Clair river clear of these shoals.
I have no particular interest in the subject
because it happens to adjoin or be near Mich-
igan. It is of more general interest to the
adjoining States, and I desire Senators to be
aware of that fact in voting on the question.
The question being again put, there were
on a division—ayes 17, noes 14; no quorum
voting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
quorum present in the Chamber.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have another
count.
Mr. CORBETT. I think we had better
pass it over for the present and consider it by
and by. I am afraid we shall break up for
want of a quorum.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I see many
Senators in the Chamber who have not voted.
I think we can decide the question if the Chair
will divide the Senate again.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say one word on
this question. I am and I have been an earn-
est friend of these improvements all over the
country, but if improvements like this are to
be made, I must bid good bye to any bill that
contains them. If I understand my" honorable
friend from Connecticut,; [Mr. Buckingham,]
it is a vagrant amendment that knows not
where to lay its head.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the honorable Sena-
tor will pardon me, it is not this amendment
to which my friend from Connecticut referred.
He alluded to the very next amendment,
where we move to strike out.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Con-
necticut spoke about a different clause en-
tirely. , .
Mr. HAMLIN. I thought it was in relation
to this. • ,
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I spoke in regard
to the harbor of refuge. The.Senate had al-
ready passed upon the amendment which pre-
ceded-it. 1 was right in my remarks, but we
have gone back to the other question.
The question being again put, the amend-
ment was rejected; there being on a division-
ayes 19, noes 21.
The nejet amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was to strike out lines sixty-nino
and seventy, in the following words:
For th e improvement of Harbor of Refuge on Lake
Huron, $75,000,
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The remarks which
I made are applicable to this provision in the
bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after lino
seventy the following:
For the improvement of Pentwater harbor, Michi-
gan. S20.00U.
The amendment was agreed to.
