1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2057
the Mississippi, the committee did not think it
advisable to leave it in any other position than
it now remains in the bill.
Mr. SCHURZ. I have only to say in reply
to that, that the navigation of the Mississippi
river is certainly one of the most important
interests in the country, and that the country
cannot afford to have the Mississippi river im-
peded, especially at that point where it be-
comes more difficult every year; that is, be-
tween the mouth of the Missouri river and the
mouth of the Ohio river; and I find that of
the appropriations which have been reduced,
this, one of the most important, has been re-
duced more than a great, many others, only
eleven per cent, of the amount asked for by
the engineer department having been left. I
hope therefore the Senate will not agree to the
amendment of the committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. The committee in the
other House recommended precisely the same
sum that the committee in the Senate have
done, but it was increased by the action of the
House, although not recommended by the
committee. Of course the amount which
could be so authorized is very large.
The engineer says:
"The large item in the estimate of $2,102,149 for
securing the river in its present channel, might with
propriety be postponed until the effect of the woiks
proposed for the purpose of deepening the channel
is seen.
" There are two or three troublesome points above
Kiminswick which did noteomo within the field of
Mr. Smith's examinations, one of which, namely,
Horse-tail bar, just below the mouth of the Des
Peres, will probably prove the most expensive point
to improve on the river."
I have no doubt that $200,000 or more could
be used there, but as there are other very
large appropriations for different points on
the river the committee did not think it right
to recommend a larger sum than $100,000 for
this year in the present state of the Treasury.
Mr. SCHDRZ. If the chairman will per-
mit me, the engineer states :
"I do not think the improvements required at
that and the other points above Kimmswick can be
made for less than 8200,000."
And it is a most important point on the
Mississippi river.
Mr. LOGAN. That is so.
Mr. SCHURZ. There are more steamboats
running there than any other place on the
river.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was on page 7, line
one hundred and fifty-seven, after the word
'•dollars" to strike out the following words :
And that Godfrey Weitzell, of the corps of engin-
eers, United States Army, in charge of the Louis-
ville and Potland canal, is hereby empowered to and
directed, subject to the approval of the chief of
engineers of said corps, to adjust and pay, out of any
money appropriated for the improvement of said
canal, to J. C. Dennis any legal or equitable claims
he may have against the United States arising out
of wo-k done by him under Hugh McGlincy & Co.'s
contract to perform work on said canal, in the years
1871 and 1872; and said Godfrey Yv'eitzell is further
authorized and directed to pay to said J. C.Dennis,
in addition to the amount above provided for, such
othersums as said Weitzell shallfind that said Den-
nis is legally or equitably entitled to as assignee of
Hugh McGlincy & Go. for work done by said Dennis
on said improvement: Provided, That such sums
.-•hall not exceed tho amount due and owing by the
Government of the United States tor work done
under said contract of Hugh McGlincy & Co., and
that the sums thus received of Weitzell shall be in
lull of the claim of said McGlincy & Co. under their
contract, and in full of the claim of said Dennis as
the assignee of said firm.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope this amend-
ment will not be concurred in. Hugh Mc-
Glincy & Co. took a contract to do the work
on ihis canal under General Weitzell. After
they had spent some time upon it they were
unable to complete it, and a man by the name
of Dennis, who had already taken another
pan of the work, went on and completed that
conliacl according to its tenor and effect.
There is no dispute about Dennis having done
the work; there is no dispute that he is equit-
ably i ntitled to the amount, but General
UVV.dl could not settle with him unless Mc
Oliiicy would consent to it. McGlincy has
gone off and this proviso only authorizes Gen-
eral Weitzel to settle an equitable debt orig-
inally legally due to McGlincy; but he did
not perform thework, and it was peformed by
his assignee, Dennis. The bill guards against
Weitzell paying anything except what was due
on that contract, and the sum paid is not to
exceed the price that General Weitzel found
was due to the original contractor, McGlincy,
who did not peform the work and went off,
and it is to be paid to Dennis in full satisfac-
tion of the whole work performed.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on
Commerce was of opinion that if McGlincy or
Dennis had a claim there was a method of
settling it other than in an appropriation bill
of this kind. They are opposed to that method
of settling claims. Let these men go to the
Court of Claims or elsewhere. The commit-
tee were perfectly willing to recommend this
$200,000 for the improvement of the Ohio
river, but they do not know this man, they do
not know whether his claim is good, and they
do not like the idea of providing in an appro-
priation bill for a private claim. J. C. Den-
nis we do not know ; we do not know Mc-
Glincy, and we do not know anybody except
Godfrey Weitzell; he is the engineer of the
work. The committee would not put a legis-
lative section like that in an appropriation
bill.
Mr. MACHEN. Hugh McGlincy & Co.,
have been contractors with the United States
for quite a length of time, and progressed for
some time with the contract which they under-
took for the enlargement, of the canal at Louis-
ville. After working a considerable time they
abandoned their contract; that is, they ceased
to work and made an assignment of the con-
tract to J. C. Dennis and left the country. J.
C. Dennis went on and performed the work,
but McGlincy & Co. were still recognized as
the contractors. Dennis cannot be paid at the
Department because they do not recognize
Dennis as the contractor. This stipulation pro-
vides that the sum shall not exceed the amount
due by the Government of the United States
under the contract with McGlincy & Co., and
that it " shall be in full of the claim of said
McGlincy & Co. under their contract, and in
full of the claim of said Dennis as the assignee
of said firm."
I do not see that any injury can in any pos-
sible way arise to the Government by permit-
ting this clause to stand in the bill. The par-
ties are entitled to their money and the Gov-
ernment is willing to pay the money, but it is
an equitable claim and not a legal one on the
part of Dennis, he being the assignee of the
other parties, and according to the rules gov-
erning the Departments they settle with the
principal aud not with those who become assig-
nees.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Committee on
Commerce have no reason to donbt that this is
an equitable claim. It is not on that account
that they propose to strike out this clause; but
the objection is to leave a claim against the
Government to be settled by a United^ States
Army officer. We think the principle is not a
good one. If these parties have a just claim,
as we have no reason to doubt they have,
against the Government, they should bring it
here for adjustment, rather than that we should
put it into the hands of another party to settle
it with them. That is the only ground.
Mr. MACHEN. Weitzell was the officer
who made the contract for the Government,
and as a matter of course he could settle only
in pursuance of the contract. The trouble
was that the contractor went off.
Mr. SHERMAN. T do not think we ought
to put a private claim of this kind on an ap-
propriation bill. I think it is a bad example.
It is evidently a private claim aud involves the
equitable rights of other parties. If we pay
this man Dennis, we may have to pay the
money again to McGlincy. It is a question
that ought not to £o on an appropriation bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is another thing.
Godfrey Weitzell may be ordered to Oregon or
Alaska to-morrow. He may not be there in a
month. He is not the proper man for a judge
certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (M. Ramsby
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment striking out the words.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was on page 8, line one hundred
and eighty-two, after the word "dollars," in
the clause making appropriation for complet-
ing the Louisville and Portland canal, to strike
out the following:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized
and directed to assume, on behalfof theUnited States,
the control and management of the said canal in
conformity with the terms of the joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Kentucky, approved
March 28,1872, at such time and in such manner as
in his judgment the interests of the United States,
and the commerce thereof, may require; and tho
sum of money necessary to enable the Secretary of
the Treasury to carry this provision into effect is
hereby appropriated: Provided, That after the Uni-
ted States shall assume control of said canal, tho
tolls thereon on vessels propelled by steam shall be
reduced to twenty-five cents per ton, and on all other
vessels in proportion.'
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope this amendment
will not be concurred in. This is not a private
claim. A similar boon to theiulandcommerce
of the western country does not exist in this
bill or in any other bill. I am sorry that five
minutes will not allow me to state what I
should like to state. It will allow me, how-
ever, to state enough to show that this amend-
ment ought not to be concurred in.
It is unnecessary for me to refer to the his-
tory of the Louisville and Portland canal. In
1825 the necessity of removing the obstacle at
the falls of the Ohio at Louisville, which was
an increasing obstacle to an increasing com-
merce, became evident, and the State of Ken-
tucky then chartered a company with a view
to building that canal. Commerce increased
as the country increased. The canal was made,
but it was too small. It continued to receive
the fostering eare of the State of Kentucky.
At a later period the United States itself
became the owner of a large amount of the
stock, which continued to increase from
the application of the dividends of that stock
until the United States now owns the entire
amount of the stock save five shares which
are held by very worthy and prominent
gentlemen, who act as directors and manage
the fiscal concerns of the company. This
clause proposes, not in any interest save that
of the inland commerce of the entire western
country, not one State but many States, to
reduce the tolls of this canal, which from 1830
to 1871 amounted to more than five and a halt
million dollars. It would astonish Congress
and the entire country if they knew the bur-
dens upon commerce which the toils of that
canal impose. I believe I am within the
bounds of truth when I say that a large steam-
boat making the round trip to New Orleans
and back would have to pay from four to six
hundred dollars tolls, and that does not include
all costs ; it does not include several incidental
costs which appertain to each trip.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What dividends does the
company pay?
Mr. STEVENSON. They paid very heavy
dividends. I am notable to state the amount,
but the dividends have been reinvested in the
stock by the United States.
The Legislature of Kentucky believing that
this should be a national work, believing that
the United States, which now owns all but five
shares of tho stock should own it entirely and
reduce the tolls from fifty cents to twenty-five
eents, passed these resolutions:
" Whereas all the stock in the Louisville and Poi t-
land canal belong" to the United States Govern-
incut exccpt five Fhnrc? o'.vnod hv tho <li>-ecror.< M'
iho Louisville iiti'l Portland Ciinul Company, ncl
said directors, under tho authority of tuc legislation
