134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11.
acres wherever he can find it, and thus obtain
his full quota of one hundred and sixty acres.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. Then you
would require him to abandon his present |
homestead in order to secure the additional
eighty acres.
Mr. DON NAN. I say that is one of the
detects of the present law, because it virtu-
ally estops the great body of those who have
taken up an eighty acre homestead from
securing any additional quantity whatever.
Secondly, the law of last session, while it
in terms provides that the homesteader may
make his entry by an agent, yet compels him
to occupy and prove up his claim personally.
It requires personal settlement on his part, and
compels him to make three trips to the land
office, though his residence may be fifty or one
hundred miles distant, thus putting upon him
an unnecessary expense of probably fifty to
one hu.idred dollars; and unless the soldier
or sailor isinsuch advantageous circumstances
that he can afford to take his family with him
and reside upon the homestead for one year,
paying the expenses of maintaining his family
and improving his land, he is unable to take
any advantage under that law.
The fact is, as stated yesterday by the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. ST0rGHT0N*,]that
not one in a hundred of the soldiers of the
country are to-day going upon the public do-
main under the provisions of the law as it
stands. Whatever may have been the inten-
tion of the committee that framed that law, or
of Congress in passing it, it virtually excludes
the great body of the soldiers and seamen from
taking advantage of the homestead act.
To remedy these defects is the object of
the present bill; and I propose to call atten-
tion tor a few moments to the method by which
it does remedy those defects: first, by a dis-
tinct provision, it gives to those who have
obtained only eighty acres under the former
acts the privilege of obtaining an additional
eighty acres contiguous, if convenient, or else-
where; secondly, it authorizes the proofs to
be made before any convenient civil officer or
court of record, thus saving considerable ex-
pense to the soldier or sailor who may settle
upon the public domain ; thirdly, it gives a
benefit to each and every one of the soldiers,
instead of to a few. I think I have shown to
the House that the present workings of the law
discriminate in favor of such soldiers only as
are enabled to go upon the public domain and
maintain their families there for a year. Now,
in order to extend these benefits to all classes,
the bill provides in the first place that those
who are able to occupy the land and maintain
their families there shall reap the full advan
tage of their term of service in the Army, while
they are enabled at a very small comparative
expense to acquire the patents for their lands
at the expiration of one year from the time
they go upon them.
In the second place, all that class of soldiers
and sailors who are not pensioners, but who
may not have adequate means to go upon the
public domain and maintain their families
there, are authorized by this bill to assign their
certificates of entry to any citizen of the United
State who has not already taken advantage of
t he homestead act. But, contrary to the argu-
ments of gentlemen on the other- side of this
question, contrary to what we have heard
upon this floor, the certificate of entry is not
placed in the hands of the speculator; we
merely allow to the soldier and sailor the priv-
ilege of assigning his right of entry, under the
limitations I have stated, to a citizen who will
.simply stand in the position of the soldier
acquiring his rights, who will take the land for
the purpose of actual settlement and prove up
iiis claim before he can receive his patent.
Hence, I maintain logically that the practi-
cal result of this bill, if it shall become a law,
will be that every foot of land occupied under
this bill by the soldier or assignee will be
actually improved. Thus, instead of holding
lands out of the market, you really advance
the settlement and improvement of the public
domain, which, as I infer from the arguments
we have heard here, is desired alike by those
opposed to the bill and those in favor of it.
The bill, it is true, allows the settler to take
three hundred and twenty acres; and for this
reason: gentlemen of this House, especially
from the northwestern States, are well aware
that many persons who go upon the public
domain, and there rear and support their fam-
ilies, desire to occupy a larger tract of land
than one hundred and sixty acres, the quantity
to which they are at present limited. Under
the homestead law it is difficult for any one to
obtain, and only by purchase, any additional
quantity of land. Hence this provision of the
bill is designed to meet the wishes of those
who desire to obtain a larger quantity of land,
limited, however, to three hundred and twenty
acres. At the same time this privilege is re-
stricted to the class of persons who have not
taken advantage of the homestead act, and
those who may receive the benefits of this bill
are prohibited from taking any further advan-
tage of the homestead provision of the law of
the country.
In the third place, provision is here made
for the widows and minor children of deceased
soldiers, who, with the entire list of pensioners,
invalid and disabled, are not required to go
personally upon the homestead, but are per-
mitted to enter upon, improve, and perfect the
homestead claim by an attorney or agent.
Thus each and every class of the soldiers and
sailors of the United States in the late rebel-
lion will reap substantial benefit under the
provisions of the bill.
But it is claimed, Mr. Speaker, that this is
a mischievous bill. You have heard it claimed,
and we are told more than once that it will be
claimed, that this bill would be held to be
equivalent to a bounty granted by Congress
when the question comes up in future Con-
gresses of the nation and the country is called
apon to equalize the bounties to the soldiers
who defended the country in the war of the
rebellion.
We are told by gentlemen who oppose this
bill that they will then be in favor of doing
equal and exact justice to the soldiers and
sailors who defended the country. But, sir,
who does not know that the enormous ram
which will be required to equalize the boanties
will doubtless have the effect to postpone the
passage of such a bill probably for years?
Besides, who could justly urge that the occu-
I pancy of the homestead or the assignment of
| the homestead right by the soldier should at
all prevent justice being also done him in the
matter of bounty ?
It has been urged that this is a grant of a
vast number of acres and without precedent,
and it has been largely the argument of the
distinguished gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Hawley, J who preceded me, to show
what it has cost the Government in past years
for the provisions it made in behalf of the
soldiers of our former wars. I do not myself,
and 1 doubt if the gentleman or any one else
to-day takes exception to what the Govern-
ment has done for those who have defended
our country's honor and flag.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Let me
ask the gentleman from Iowa a question. I
wish to ask him whether it would not be
cheaper and better for the Government to vote
$36,000,000 in cash to the soldiers and sailors
of the war of 1812, and of the Mexican war,
and reserve the seventy-three million acres of
land for sale ?
Mr. DONNAN. Mr. Speaker, I am not of
that class, even if the gentleman from Con-
necticut is one of them, who believe that it is
or ought to be the policy of the Government
to retain these public lands for sale under any
circumstances. I believe it is the true policy
of the country now, as I have already stated,
to give away to actual settlers, to those who
will settle and improve the lands, rather than
to sell them to those who will hold possession
of them without making improvements. I trust
that policy of preemption and homestead will
be carried out by this House; and 1 believe
the effect of this bill will be to advance rather
than retard the settlement of the public lands.
We are told by the gentleman to whom I
made reference that this bill will grant away
hundreds of millions of acres of the public
lands, which land warrants will be hawked
about the streets and sold for a song. Not at
all. I believe the soldier will be able to take
care of his own interest. They will be per-
fectly able to guard any advautage given to
them by Congress. If these certificates prove
to be worthless, as gentlemen allege, the sol-
dier will rest on his rights. He will hold on
to his homestead right until it is of value. At
all events the effect of the bill will inure to the
settlement of the public lands. If the soldier
himself does not locate he may assign to
another, and settlement must follow in a year,
and the policy of early improvement of the
public domain will be thus advanced.
I now yield forfifteen minutes to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Speer.]
Mr. SPEER. Mr. Speaker the general
policy of granting lands to actual settlers needs
no vindication at my hands. Time and the
experience f- the country have justified it.
But the step proposed by the present bill is
supposed Jo be a departure, at least to some
extent, from the homestead policy, and there-
fore it encounters most serious opposition on
this floor. The homestead bill requires a resi-
dence of five years to make title. Under the
law passed at the last session of Congress the
features of the homestead bill were preserved,
but when a settlement was made by an honor-
ably discharged soldier, his widow, or orphan
children, the time which he served in the
Army, or in case of death, the time of enlist-
ment, was deducted from the five years re-
quired of the citizen to complete his title. This
bill, Mr. Speaker, goes a step further, and the
step is, as I conceive, in the right direction.
It proposes that not only shall the time the
soldier served in the Army be deducted from
the time required to complete the title, but the
soldier shall have the right to substitute a
party or other person to make that settlement
for him in his own right; in other words,
that he shall have the right to sell his cer-
tificate to any one who will make an actual
settlement on the land.
Now, the Government, it will be observed,
Mr. Speaker, loses nothing by this except
what it already loses under the existing law.
It loses from the five years' service the time
the soldier served in the Army, and it can
make no difference to the Government whether
the settlement on the land be made by the
soldier in person or by the person who takes
his place. That is the step made by this bill.
But it goes still further, ana provides that those
soldiers who have become maimed and crip-
pled in the service of the Government, who
by reason of their wounds or loss of limbs are
unable to leave their homes and go to the
wilds of the western country and then settle
upon the Government land for themselves,
shall have the right to make that settlement
by an agent or attorney; and this provision is
extended to the widows and orphan children
of those who died of wounds received or dis-
ease contracted in the service; and this, in
my judgment, is a most just and righteous pro-
vision. If a wounded soldier does not wish
to sell his right under this bill to locate one
hundred and sixty acres of land he can employ
an agent to enter upon it for him.
It will be observed, Mr. Speaker, that the
element of settlement is preserved, the ele-
ment of the homestead law ; but where the
soldier by reason of the service he has ren-
dered to the country, resulting in the loss of
limbs or of bodily health, has become uuaiile
to make that personal settlement himself, then
