1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
had appointed Mr. Joh.y A. Bingham, of Ohio,
one of the managers of the conference on the
part of the House on the disagreeing votes of
the two^Houses ou the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. It. No. 3406) to amend an
act entitled "An act to establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy throughout tho United
States," approved March 2, 1867, vice Mr.
John A. Peters, of Maine, who is absent.
carondelet land claim.
Mr. BLAIR. A bill was passed over in my
absence; and I ask the Senate now to act on
it. It is the bill (8. No. 420) to confer juris-
diction on the Court of Claims to hear and
determine the suit of Carondelet vs. The
United States. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The preamble recites that doubts exist
touching the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims
over the suit now pending in that court against
the United States for the recovery of a tract
of land claimed to be a part of the commons
of Carondelet, instituted by the city of Caron-
delet. And the bill therefore grants juris-
diction to the Court of Claims to bear and
determine the cause, subject to the right of
appeal by either party to the Supreme Court
of the United States; and provides that the
depositions heretofore taken in the cause may
be read at the trial thereof with the same effect
as if taken after the passage of the act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is that a land case?
Mr. SCHUEtZ. There is a written report
in that case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I remember that case.
It is an old claim, and will require discussion.
Let it go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the Chair.) The bill is not liable to
objection. It is before the Senate by vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 beg pardon. I thought
we were on the Calendar. I will hear the
report.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted* by Mr. Blair, January 29, 1872:
The Committee on Private Land Claims, to whom
was referred the petition of the city of Carondelet,
now merged in the city of St. Louis, in the State of
Missouri, praying that jurisdiction may be conferred
upon the Court of Claims to hear and determine a
claim now pending in said court against the United
States, have considered said petition, and report:
That the claim grows out of the action of certain
officers of the United States by which it is alleged
that the authorities of the town of Carondelet were
obliged to convey a part of the commons of Caron-
delet to the United States without consideration
that Carondelet was a village in upper Louisiana
while that territory was owned by the French uov-
ernment, and, according to tne custom ot tuatw-ov-
ernment, and also of the Spanish Government, under
whose dominion the country subsequently passed,
commons were granted to the inhabitants for the
pasturage of their cattle, and to furnish them with
wood; that by the act of June 13,.1812, Congress
confirmed these commons to the inhabitants ot
several villages, of which Carondelet was one,
and ordered them to bo surveyed; that the survey
made in 1817 by the proper officer included the
land m question; that in 1826 application was m^de
to some of the villagers to grant twelve hundred
acres of tho land to the United States for mili-
tary purposes. And they granted the land to the
United States "so long as it may be useful for that
purpose." And the United States entered under that
deed, and built on the grounds what is known as
Jefferson Barracks. In 1832 the village was, for the
first time, formally incorporated; and the author-
ities denied the right of the individuals to convey
the land to the United States. And m 1838 the United
States attorney decided that the deed of 1826 gave
no title. Thereupon the Secretary of War applied
to the Land Department to annul the survey setting
apart the land to the villagers; f-nd this was dono;
and a controversy ensued at the Land Office and the
Interior Department, which continued till the Wth
day ot January, 1855, when the becretary ofthc In-
terior reaffirmed the original survey, reserving out
of it, for the United States, about two thousand acres
of land, including the twelve hundred originally
conveyed by the inhabitants.
The Commissioner ot the General Land Omce, on
21th September, 1839, at tne instance ot the Secretary
of War, annulled the survey of the commons, which
had subsisted for twenty-two yeare. From the date
of that annulment, till it was reaffirmed ml8! ,the
villagers were harassed with litigation; and without
their survey, according to the rulings of 'he charts,
were defenseless. They repeatedly endea\to
get Congress to not, without success. Uevngtlras
helpless, they agreed with tho becretary of War to
convey the two thousand acres in question, in order
to getthe survey reestablished. And it was reestab-
lished as soon as Jie informed the Secretary of the
Interior that a satisfactory deed was inade. _
The authorities of Carondelet were advised, in
1859. that the Court of Claims was competent to de-
cide whether they ought to lose their land in this
manner, and accordingly filed a petition in that
court, stating the facts and praying that their deed
miglit be set aside and the land decreed to them.
The case was argued before that eourt repeatedly;
first, on the jurisdiction which the court sustained,
and afterward, on the merits, upon which the court
was equally divided. In the meantime that court
was put under the supervision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, and the latter eourt de-
cided, in other cases, that the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims did not extend to snch cases.
The defenses relied on by the United States are,
first, that the officers of the Land Department had
authority to set aside the survey, and ought to have
done so, because it was erroneous; second, that the
grant of Carondelet to tho United States, which was
made in consideration of the ree'stablishment of
the survey, was made in pursuance of a legitimate
compromise, and is therefore valid.
These questions are purely questions of law, de-
pending entirely upon the construction of acts of
Congress, and of the official documents contained
in the record of the Court of Claims', which, in the
opinion of the committee, should be referred to the
Supreme Court for decision, as proposed by the bill.
And therefore the committee recommend that it be
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The morn-
ing hour has expired.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I will reserve my
speech until next time.
investigation of charges.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes
the duty of the Chair to call up the unfinished
business of yesterday, being the currency bill,
(S. No. 1313.) Before proceeding with that
business, with the assent of the Senate, the
Chair would like to make a suggestion. An
order was passed yesterday directing a special
committee to be appointed to take into consid-
eration a message from the House of Repre-
sentatives affecting certain Senators, and that
the committee be appointed by the Vice Presi-
dent. The Vice President desires to be ex-
cused from appointing that committee, and
has requested that the Senator who was in the
chair when the message was received shall
appoint the committee; and if it be the pleas-
ure of the Senate, that order will be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was not in when that
motion was made by the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson,] but we have a
standing committee whose special business it
is to do precisely that thing. That standing
committee ought to make this investigation;
and if I shall not be thought discourteous to
the Senator from New Hampshire, who of
course does not desire any part in this com-
mittee—-that is obvious enough—I move a re-
consideration. As the vote was taken "with-
out a division, I believe that is usually per-
mitted. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the special committee was ordered to
be appointed, with a view of having the ques-
tion sent to the regular committee appointed
for these purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves to reconsider the
vote by which the special committee was
ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is suggested by my
friend from New York [Mr. CoxklingJ that I
should not do it in the absence of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, and I think he is
right. I hope the Chair will suspend the
naming of the committee until the Senator
shall come in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It ought not
to be done in the absence of the chairman of
the Committee on Privileges and Elections.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state, although it is not perfectly in order,
that the Chair notices in the Chamber only
one member of the Committee on Privileges
and Elections, the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Alcorn,] who is aware of the reason
why the chairman of the Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections thinks this investigation
i should not be referred to that committee.
Mr. ALCORN. I will state to the Senate
that from the amount of business already be-
fore the Committee on Privileges and Elec-
tions—a committee that has had constant sit-
tings for the last three weeks, so constant as
to require the members of the committee to
absent themselves nearly altogether frota the
Senate, an absence that will continue for the
next eight or ten days—to refer this investi-
gation to that committee will be to refer it to
a place where it cannot be reached during the
present session of Congress. That committee
has sufficient investigations on hand-to occupy
it the rest of the session. For that reason I
should much prefer that it should go to a select
committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. After what has been
stated by Senators around me as to the labors
of the Committee on Privileges and Elections,
I withdraw the objection I made, and leave
the matter to take the course that the Senate
ordered yesterday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to reconsider is withdrawn. The Chair will
announce the committee to consist of Messrs.
Mokiuij, of Maine, Scott, Wright, Stock-
ton, and SiBVKNSotr.
william a. graham.
Mr. RANSOM. The select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities,' to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3555) to
remove the disabilities of William A. Graham,
a citizen of North Carolina, have instructed
me to report it back with a unanimous recom-
mendation that it pass, and I ask for its imme-
diate consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. I feel it my duty to
object, not to the bill itself, but to taking it up
now. I hope the Senate will close the cur-
rency bill to-day. If I give way to my friend
from North Carolina, I shall have to give way
to others.
Mr. RANSOM. I appeal to the Senator
from Ohio to give way in this case. I feet
satisfied it will not take a moment to paSs the
bill. If it should take any time, I will with-
draw it.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the Senator has the
floor, I will withdraw the objection in this par-
ticular case unless some other Senator objects,
but I give notice now beforehand that I shall
object to any other business being interposed.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
was read third time ; and (two thirds of the
Senators present voting therefor) the bill was
THE CURRENCY SPECIE PAYMENTS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
1313) supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and^ to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," approved June 3,1864, and to secure
an elastic currency, to appreciate national obli-
gations, and to reach specie payments without
commercial embarrassment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I beg leave to offer
the following amendment, to strike out section
three in the following words:
That all banking associations shall, on and after
January, 1874, redeem their notes at such localities
as are now or as may be hereafter designated by
law, either in coin or in United States legal-tender
notes, and shall be exempt from the requirement
under existing law as to holding a reserve ot lawtui
money of the United Statos.
Aud to insert in lieu thereof the following:
The reserve which banking, associations are re-
quired to hold under tho provisions and conditions
of the act to which this is supplementary, may in-
clude such United States bonds as bear interest Pay-
able in coin as well as lawful money of th.e U mtea
States. All banking associations shall, atter tae
1st day of July next, redeem their circulating notes
at such localities as are now or may b«hereafter de-
signated by law, either m com or m United, bt&tes
