136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11.
should be passed by a unanimous vote. I un-
derstand that the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Hoi.max] has an amendment to offer,
which adds additional safeguards to the pro-
visions; but with or without it the bill shall
receive my eoidial support, with the single
regret that it still does not go far enough.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT1. I believe the morning
hour hns expired. I desire now to move that
the rules be susponded and the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole upon the
Indian appropriation bill.
french spoliations.
Mr. L. MYERS. To-day was fixed by this
House for the consideration of the French
spoliation bill. A great deal of interest is felt
in the House and in the country in the passage
of this bill. I have faith that it will be reached,
fairly discussed, and passed at the present ses-
sion of Congress.
What I desire to say now is that I do not
wish to antagonize the pressing public busi-
ness of the country. The Committee on Ap-
propriations have already reported the Indian
appropriation bill, tbe consideration of which
is now almost completed. There is the legis-
lative and executive appropriation bill, includ-
ing the salaries of most of the officers of the
Government, and there is the deficiency appro-
priation bill, which it will be necessary to pass
before the holidays. After consulting with
those who have those special interests in charge
I have concluded to ask that Wednesday, the
22d of January next, be fixed for the consid-
eration of the French spoliation bill, and that
it be made the special order for that day and
from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. HOLM AN. I object to making the bill
a special order.
Mr. L. MYERS. I must ask for that. At
the last session of Congress the House fixed a
day for the discussion and consideration of
this bill. On behalf of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs I have shown every desire to
postpone it until the appropriation bills shall
have received action. I have no doubt the
House desires that this .subject shall be dis-
cussed and acted upon in one way or the other.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot con-
sent to unlimited debate on this bill.
Mr. L. MYEliS. I shall not insist upon
unlimited debate. It may occupy a day or two
days. A number of gentlemen desire to ex-
press their views on this bill, and it deserves
discussion. It shall not be placed in the way
of public business, but it is now fixed as an
order for to-day, and I think the request 1
have made is a reasonable one and should be
granted by the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Does not that require
unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. SCOFiELD. And objection has already
been made.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] object to the bill being
made a special order at all?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do.
Mr. L. MYERS. Very well; the gentleman
is one of those opposed to this bill. I am glad
to see that there will be some opposition to
this bill, and 
Mr. RANDALL. There will be a great
deal of it.
Mr. L. MYERS. And that we will have
some discussion upon it.
Mr. RANDALL. This subject has been
discussed for seventy years, and the bill to pay
these claims has been vetoed half a dozen
times.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to make the bill referred to by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania a special order.
Mr. DAWES. It is a special order for to-
day to the exclusion of other business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so
understand.
Mr. DAWES. I supposed it was.
The SPEAKER. The record of the order
of the business is this :
" May 20,1872.—Mr. Lkoxard Myers, Foreign Af-
fairs.—A bill (H. R. 38-1) to provide for the adjust-
in on t and satisfaction of claims of American citizens
for spoliations committed by tho French prior to the
30th day ot July, 1801. Further consideration post-
poned until the seoond Wednesday in December
next."
It will be seen that this bill was postponed
until to-day without a special designation as to
the order. The majority of the House can
reach it, however, by refusing to entertain
other business; that is, by negativing in the
first place the motion of the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Sargent,] which is to go into
Committee of the Whole on the Indian appro-
priation bill. But the bill of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is not made an order for
to-day to the exclusion of all other business,
and therefore it does not come up by its own
force.
Mr. SARGENT. If we go into Committee
of the Whole will it not retain its place?
The SPEAKER. It will not lose its place;
its right will be as good to-morrow as to-day.
Mr. SARGENT. Then there is no neces-
sity of antagonizing it with the appropriation
bill.
Mr. BANKS. There ought to be no objec-
tion to making the bill a special order for a
future day. There are many gentlemen in
the House who want to debate it.
The SPEAKER. If not acted on to-day,
it will have precisely the same place with
relation to the other business of the House
as it has to-day.
Mr. FARNSWOItTH. The objection is to
making the bill a special order to the exclu-
sion of other business.
Mr. BANKS. It is not a special order to
the exclusion of all other business.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BANKS. It is an ordinary special
order.
The SPEAKER. The bill would come up
at the close of the morning hour but for the
pending motion to suspend the rules and go
into the Committee of the Whole on the appro-
priation bill. Whenever that motion is not
pending the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
L. Myers] will be entitled to the "floor on this
bill. This remark applies to to-morrow and
to every day until the close of the session,
unless the bill should be sooner disposed of.
Mr. L.MYERS. It was to avoid this uncer-
tainty that I desired to have the bill fixed as a
special order for some future day, so that the
many members who have expressed a wish to
speak on the question may be duly notified
when it will come up. I am, however, willing
for the present to allow the matter to go over ;
but I give notice that I shall insist upon its
being called up on the day I have named, if
not sooner, the bill meanwhile retaining its
place.
enrolled bills signed. j
Mr. FOSTER, of. Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examiued and found truly en-
rolled bills of the following titles ; when the
Speaker signed the same: j
An act (H. Ii. No. 301) to authorize the j
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle
with F. M. Cordeiro.;
An act (H. R. No. 827) tq authorize the
construction of bridges across the Ohio river,
and to prescribe the dimensions of the same ;
An act (H. R. No. 1770) for the relief of
Samuel Hitchcock ; and
An act (H. R. No. 25G8) for the relief of
John Black, late consul of the United States
at the city of Mexico.
winnbbago indians in wisconsin.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, in relation to an
appropriation for the removal of stray bands
of Winnebago Indians from the State of Wis-
consin; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
public building! at pawtucket.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer
to a resolution of the House of April 3, 1872,
in relation to a public building for a post
office, &c., at rawtucket, Rhode Island;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
b. burton and c. c. stockley.
Mr. BIGGS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 3127) for the relief of
Benjamin Burton and Charles C. Stockley, of
Georgetown, Delaware; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
leave of absence.
Mr. HAYS, by unanimous consent, obtained
leave of absence till the 20th instant.
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. DUELL, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers of Erastus C. Herrick, apply -
ing for an invalid pension.
indian appropriation bill.
The motion of Mr. Sargent, that the rules
be suspended and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the Indian
appropriation bill, was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
: the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 2989)
making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1874, and for other purposes.
Tbe Clerk read as follows :
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, for the employment of three teachers and
two assistant teachers, and providing the schools
with fuel, books, and stationery, $3,900.
Mr. SARGENT. I move the following
amendment:
I Page 41. line nine hundred and ninety-one, insert,
| before the words " three teachers," the words "ono
! matron;" and in line nine hundred and ninety-
three strike out " $3.V00" and insert " $4,700."
1 I will simply remark in connection with
this amendment that it is strongly recom-
mended by the Indian department, and also
by the Society of Friends who have charge of
these Pawnee Indians. The Indian depart-
ment wishes to try the experiment, and the
[ Quakers say there is a favorable opportunity
j for that experiment to be tried ; that is, to put
a matron in charge of the women on the res-
ervation. This relates to the Pawnees, a
friendly tribe of Indians, who show gratify-
ing evidence of civilization under the care
bestowed upon them by members of the Soci-
ety of Friends.
I would like to say in connection with that
society, hot only in thejr connection with the
Pawnees but other tribes of Indians under
their charge, they spend liberally their own
money for the benefit of those Indians, and
where we spend for purposes like this $100
they put another $100 by the side of it. I
believe the proposition made by them, though
not called for in the treaty, is a good one.
With the Indian department, I should like to
see the experiment tried myself. It only
costs $800, and I hope the amendment will be
agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For interest on $243,642 11, at five per cent., in
conformity with provisions of article seven of trea-
ties of J une 5 and 17, 1846, $12,181 61.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, I offer the
