1100
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
February 5,
legal-tender notes, or in United States interest-tear'
ing bonds at par with accrued interest, at the option
of the association.
Mr. President, the bill as it now stands re-
lieves all banking associations from holding a
reserve. That is said to be unnecessary, 'be-
cause prudent and wise bankers will take each
care oi themselves as always to be in a posi-
tion ta> meet their obligations. All bankers
are not thfis wise, and it is to guard the public
ftgaiSSBt any want of prudence on their part
"that it is necessary in my judgment to keep a
batik reserve;
■ It is said that a bank reserve is not neces-
sary, because the bill-holder is secure. Look
for one moment and see whether the bill-holder
is secure, and if secure whether he can obtain
-His-pay. There is pledged to the bill-holder
art bbligatioti of'the United States, and the
bill-holder has a claim against the bank se-
cured" by a mortgage; but if he wants the bank
to pay that claim and the -bank declines, he
'tnust waft until ha" citi foreclosetlie mortgage,
and that takes time. Let bank notes be pro-
tested to-day, and you mast wait until the
Comptroller of the Currency shall be notified
that the banking association is unable to meet
its liabilities, and then he m.a-y wait thirty days
before he m^kes up his. mind whether it is
wise to pjit ths,t banting association into bank-
ruptcy, and after he has waited thirty days
and come to a decision, he is to submit that
decision to the Secretary of the Treasury and
obtain his approval, and when he shall give
his approval is a matter indefinite as to time ;
and so the bill-holder before he can get his
pay, although he may be secured by a mort-
gage, has got to wait from three to six months,
and perhaps even longer than that.
_ Now, what I propose is that banking asso-
ciations shall keep in reserve United States
bonds bearing interest, and when a man wants
his pay for a bank note that that bank shall
be under obligations to redeem in United
States bot^ds. why? Simply because United
States bonds are better than the note. The
obligation to-day is to redeem in coin or legal-
tender notes j but no banking association re-
deems in coin, and if a banking association
redeems in legal-tender notes those notes are
to-day no better for ordinary purposes than
tliebank notes; but if you give him an oppor-
tunity to secure an interest-bearing bond, he
can get something better.
The first section of the bill as it now stands
provides that the Secretary of the Treasury
redeem legal-tender notes in interest-
bearing bonds. I approve of that provision
in the bill, and the amendment which I pro-
pose to insert is to enable the banks, or to
compel the banks, if^ you please, to redeem
their circulation in coin in precisely the same
way as the Government by the first section
of the bill would be required to redeem its
circulation.
. But under the bill as it stands to-day, if the
position of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thdr-
man] is correct, that by funding the present
greenbacks they would all be absorbed into
United States bonds, 1 ask you how any bank-
ing association could redeem its own notes
except in com? I cannot believe that any
Senator on this floor can feel that it is within
the range of possibility that banking associa-
tions shall within one or two years redeem
their circulation in coin. If not, it appears to
me, assumihg that the position taken-by'the
honorable Senator to whom I have referred
may possibly be true, as it is in theory al-
though 1 think nt>t in practice, I ask if this
oenate can make any better provision for the
redemption of the circulation than that which
J- propose? It appears to me not, and I there-
fore hope that the Senate will adopt the
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is no
Senator with whom I differ in opinion with
more pain than the Senator from Connecticut.
The proposition made by the bill is intended-
to bring greenback currency up to an equiva-
lent value with coin, to gradually introduce
coin again into circulation. For many years
now it has been demonetized ; there has been
no use for it in our country except for com-
mercial purposes, and it has been therefore
depressed in value and sent abroad while
exchange was in our favor. The proposition
of the bill allows the. Secretary of the Treasury
in certain cases to make use of the bonds to
fortify himself until the position is reached
when the people will no longer value coin
above currency, and as coin gradually comes
into use that point may be reached. But the
Senator from Connecticut is providing for a
new legal tender to be used on the part of the
banks at the very moment that we want to
fet rid of our paper legal tender that we now
ave. He would provide that the banks may
not only use United States notes as legal ten-
der, but bonds. I think tb6 bare statement
of the proposition is sufficient to show that it
is one that ought not to be adopted.
• Mr. BUCKINGHAM. A single word in re-
ply. I do not believe that there is any better
medium ofredemption than coin ; but we have
nqtreached a position in which we can redeem
in coin, and to my mind it is not in sight, and
s.111 ask is that the Congress of the United
States shall adopt measures which will give
the bill-holder that which is next best to coin.
When under the operation of this law we
shall secure the highest possible benefit we
can secure now, and we have gone on to a
certainposition, and the Senator from Vermont
can then see that there is a reasonable prob-
ability of securing specie payments, I shall be
with -him gide by side. The amendment is
only designed to advance tcSward that position
faster than you will advance by the present
bill without the amendment.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I agree
fully with what the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton"] said yesterday, that this is a very
important measure, one that must affect in
some way, either for good or for evil, the
business interests of this country. It is there-
fore a measure which ought to be carefully
con-sidered before we act upon it. I do not
flatter myself that any suggestions that I could
make in regard to it would be of service ; but
nevertheless I will venture to make some
suggestions in reference to this measure.
The aim of this bill, or rather the amend-
ment of the Finance Committee, is to bring
about a resumption of specie payments. That
object, if it can be attained, and attained in a
proper way, is certainly a very desirable
object; for so long as we have an irredeem-
able paper currency, there must be fluctu-
ations in value; there must at times be de-
pression in business arising from those fluctu-
ations. Until we return to a currency which
is based upon coin, there can be no perma-
nency in values; there must be fluctuations;
there must he expansions and depressions in
the money market.
So far, therefore, as the object to be ob-
tained by the amendment of the Finance Com-
mittee is concerned, I think it very laudable,
and I think the chairman of the committee is
entitled to the thanks of the country for moving
in that direction. But the question is, will
the measure which he proposes effect the
object which he contemplates? I have some
misgivings upon that point. What is the pro-
vision? The provision is to retire the green-
backs, or the legal-tender notes, by the pay-
ment of coin when the Treasury is in receipt
of coin sufficient for that purpose, and when
not in sufficient receipt of coin to do that, to
substitute the bonds of the Government bear-
ing five per cent, interest.
Now, let us look and see whether there
is any probability that sufficient coin will
be substituted in place of the greenbacks to
render the currency of the country much bet-
ter than it is at present. There is, I believe,
about $850,000,000 of greenbacks now in cir-
culation. Within twelve months, under the
operations of this bill, those greenbacks will
be presented to the Treasury for redemp-
tion. Will the Secretary of the Treasihry have
a sufficient amount of gold on hand to re-
deem any large proportion of that amount?
I apprehend at farthest that he could not ap-
propriate exceeding $50,000,000 toward the
redemption of the $350,000,000 of greenbacks,
and as a consequence there must be about
$300,000,000 of bonds issued as a subslkute
for the greenbacks which are canceled or
redeemed. There will then be $50,000,000
that jvill be in gold that will be furnished in
lieu of the $350,000,000 of greenbacks which
are taken up. The bonds which are issued as
a substitute for them will not become a part
of the circulating medium. They will be held
as investments; and thus the circulation of
the country will be curtailed by the amount
of bonds which are issued in lieu of the gold.
That must be the effect if the operation
stops there. If there is no reissue of these
greenbacks, the consequence must be to cur-
tail the circulating medium to the amount that
bouds are issued in their place. That must
be one of the effects of this bill, I say, if it
stops there; but there is a provision in the
bill for a reissue of these greenbacks. I am
aware of that. What is to be the effect of
that? Suppose you issue those greenbacks,
will they form after they are issued a part of
the circulating medium? 1 think not. Though
they may be issued a dozen times by the Sec-
retary, they will not become a part of the cir-
culating medium of the country, but will be
bought up for the purpose of being carried to
the Treasury with a view of demanding new
bonds; and this operation will be repeated
time and again. The notes will be returned
to the Treasury and the gold demanded for
them, or if not gold then bonds must agam
be reissued, and thus this process must neces-
sarily go on until there is an accumulation of
the public debt of the country.
I am aware that the chairman of the Finance
Committee in his arguments in favor of this bill
has supposed that there would be no increase
of the public debt, and such I believe was the
view taken yesterday by the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Buukingham ;] but if it should
prove true that the Secretary does not buy up
the six per cent, bonds in the same ratio that
he issues five per cent, bonds, or if he pays
greenbacks out for the ordinary expenses of
the Government, there must necessarily be an
increase of the interest-bearing debt. The ar-
gument yesterday was that if the Secretary paid
out these greenbacksitwould be for the purpose
of buying up six per cent, bonds. The green-
backs are below par, and a hundred thousand
dollars in greenbacks would not buy that
amount in the bonds of the United States, and
there could not be a curtailment of the six per
cent, bonds equal to the amount of the five
per cent, bonds that would be issued to pay for
the hundred thousand dollars of greenbacks.
So that I cannot see but that there must be an
increase of the volume of the indebtedness of
the country ; and I am very clear, and it was
admitted yesterday by the Senator from Con-
necticut, that there would be an increase in
the interest-bearing debt of the country.
. H this process of redemption is to go on,
if the notes are to be returned to the Treasury
and new bonds given and a new interest debt
created, tbe interest account of this Govern-
ment must be increased and largely increased.
It would, as I appprebend, in the first instance
be increased at least twelve and a half mil-
lion dollars, because I ap rehend that, by no
process could the Secretary of the Treasury
avoid issuing $250,000,000 of bonds in lieu of
the greenbacks which he will be required to
take up. If the ptovisions of this bill shall
become a law it is not likely that these green-
backs will remain in the vaults of the national
banks or in the possession of their present
holders, but they will be carried-to thel'reas-
