1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1101
ury for redemption, because by being redeemed
the holder of them can exchange them for an
Obligation paying five per cent, interest.
There is one feature in this bill that I should
like to see become a law, and that is the pro-
vision providing for free banking. Altogether
1 am not sure it will have the effect which I
think was designed, to relieve the monetary
affairs of the country ; nevertheless there is
such a stringency now ia certain sections of
this country in the money market that I am
willing to try aDy expedient that will give
relief.
I listened yesterday to the Senator from
Indiana, who spoke in glowing terms of the
prosperity of the country, but I dissented from
the position which he took upon that subject.
1 am not unaware that there is an apparent
prosperity in many sections of the country.
We are building railroads, we are developing
the resources of the country, and there may
be an apparent general prosperity in the coun-
try. But, as was said by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Thubman,] there is a much in-
creased indebtedness upon the country, and
especially in the rural sections of the country
there is greatly increased indebtedness; and,
though we may to-day have an apparent pros-
perity, I doubt very much whether there is as
much real worth in the country as there was
in 1860.
Why, sir, in my own State, and I under-
stand it is true in almost every other State, in
therural section of the country at least, heavy
indebtedness is accumulating upon individ-
uals. Corporation indebtedness, municipal
indebtedness, State indebtedness, and indi-
vidual indebtedness are accumulating all over
this country, and this apparent prosperity is
delusive. The people are to-day less able to
pay their debts, in my judgment, than they
were in 1860. Therefore, if this provision
providing for free banking, whereby persons
can have accommodations that will enable
them to extricate themselves from their finan-
cial embarrassments, will be available for that
purpose, I shall be glad to see it incorporated
in this bill.
Under the operations of the banking system,
which was eulogized yesterday, I believe, by
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, many
sections of this country have been greatly em-
barrassed, and so far as my observation goes
it has been less advantageous to many sec-
tions of the country, especially to the rural
sections, than the old State system of banking.
I know how it operates in my own State. The
facilities and accommodations furnished now
by the banks under the national banking sys-
tem to the people of that State are not half
equal, do not amount to one half the accom-
modations and facilities that were furnished
under the State banks. The consequence has
been that if our people are indebted and have
to seek relief, they are compelled to go into
the markets and buy at ruinous discounts the
money to meet their obligations. Formerly
they could go to the State banks and obtain
accommodations at the usual interest; bat the
national banks, limited as they are in the
amount of their capital and in their ability to
accommodate, cannot relieve the people when
they are oppressed and need relief. There-
fore I say if the section providing for free
banking can come up to the aid of the people
in any respect m that behalf I shall be glad to
see it incorporated with and become a part of
the law.
The difficulties which I have had with this
bill are, first, that it will increase the indebt-
edness of the country; at least it will increase
the interest bearing part of the debt, and that
it will impair the i'acilities of accommodation
now furnished the people ; that it will lessen
the circulating medium of the country, in
other words. If we could supply the $350,-
000,000 of greenbacks with coin, and add that
to the currency of the country, then I could
see how this bill would aid not only to bring
about resumption of specie payments, but at
the same time furnish an equal facility to the
people to do business with. We. have not any
more currency in circulation in this country
than the business of the country requires to-
day. I believe we have about $700,000,000 in'
circulation, and the business of this .eountry
requires-that amount at all times, and will re-
quire-it, and any measure which will deplete
from it, which will lessen it materially, will
greatly embarrass the business interests of
this country, in my opinion.
I repeat, then, that I regard this measure,
first, as calculated to increase the indebted
ness of the country, and especially the interest-
bearing portion of the indebtedness; and sec-
ondly, that it will curtail the circulating
medium of the country, because the Secretary
of the Treasury will not be able to replace
with gold the full amount of greenbacks which
he must redeem under the provisions of this
bill.
Now I think a better measure for the relief
of the people, and which will at the same time
protect the Government against an increase of
indebtedness, could have been devised; and
though it may subject me to the criticism ot
being a novice in financial affairs, I shall ven-
ture to say that if the Finance Committee had
brought in a bill providing for the retirement
of a certain amount annually of the national
banking currency, leaving the.greenback cur-
rency to stand as at present—to retire annually
a certain amount of the national banking cur-
rency by replacing it with gold, and thus mix-
ing up_ gold with the national banking cur-
rency, it would have had certainly the effect
of relieving the Government from any increase
of indebtedness, and it would have had another
effect: it would have, with proper provisions,
curtailed the obligation of the Government to
the national banks. For instance, if they had
called in one eighth or one tenth from each
bank annually of its circulation of the notes
which have been furnished to them by the
Government, giving them gold at their relative
values, and crediting the Government by that
amount upon the bonds which she holds, you
would have reduced the amount of interest
paid to the national banks, and you would have
prevented any possibility of an increase of the
indebtedness of the country. That would vir-
tually, as I think, furnish all the circulation
which we at present have, while it would cur-
tail the obligation of the Government to pay
interest to the national banks in proportion to
the amounts of their circulation which she had
redeemed.
I think that measure would have been
of more practical value than the measure
now proposed. 1 am anxious to see some-
thing done. While I have not given to the
question of finance much reflection or much
thought, I have listened carefully to this de-
bate ; and if I could see in this measure any
relief to the country or any feasible measure
of returning at a proper time to a specie basis,
I would gladly give it niy support.
I do not believe, Mr, President, that an
immediate return to specie payments in this
country would be wise. We should approach
that period by gradual steps. But I confess
that I cannot see in the provisions of this bill
much that encourages the hope that we are to
return under its operation at any early day
or any proper day to a specie basis or a specie
currency*
I have thrown out these suggestions, Mr.
President, not because I have desired to par-
ticipate in this discussion, but simply because
I feel that this bill is one of vast importance
to the business interests of this country, and
if I can provoke remark or in some way elicit
thought that will cast light upon this subject,
I shall have contributed something to a proper
understanding of a very intricate subject, which
this debate has shown is but little understood.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, being a mem-
ber of the Committee on Finance which has
reported this bill, I propose to - speak very
briefly upon its general merits.
The point at which I start in discussing this
Hill is the passage of the act of March 18, 1869,
and I will ask the attention of Senators to the
language of that act for the purpose of show-
ing that we have bound ourselves not simply
to stand, still and await the time when the
business and the currency of the oountry will
adjust themselves to each other, but to " make
provision" for the resumption of specie pay*
ments. The act reads thus:
" That in order to remove any doubt as to the pur-
pose of. the Government to discharge adjust obliga-
tions to the public creditors, and to settle conflicting
questions and interpretations of the laws by virtue
of which such obligations have been contracted, it
is hereby provided and declared that the faith of the
United States is solemnly pledged to the payment in
com or its equivalent"—
I emphasize those words for the purpose of
calling attention in a moment to the present
state of things—
"of all the obligations of the United States not
bearing interest, known as United States notes, and
of all theinterest-bearmg obligations of the United
States, except, in cases where the law authorizing
the issue of any such obligation has expressly pro-
vided that thesame may be paid in lawful money or
other currency than gold and silver. But none of
said interest-bearing obligations not already due
shall be redeemed or paid before maturity unless at
such time United States notes shall be convertible
into coin at the option of the holder, or unless at
such time bonds of the United States bearing a tower
rate of interest than the bonds to be redeemed can
be sold at par in coin. And the United States also
solemnly pledges its faith to make provision at the
earliest practicable period tor the redemption of the
United States notes in coin."
The pledges there made are, first, that we
will redeem in coin or its equivalent the Uni-
ted States notes; and, second, that we will
make provision for the redemption in coin of
these notes at the earliest practicable period.
When that law was passed, when that faith
was pledged, gold, if 1 remember correctly,
was at 133 ; certainly in that neighborhood.
From that day down to the present, there have
been some fluctuations; it has gone as high as
142, and it has been down as low as 108 J ; but
for the larger portion of the time it has ranged
between 110 and 115. At the present time
we have been told.by the Secretary of the
Treasury that the credit of this nation is as
good, I think perhaps his language is "better,"
than that of any other nation on the globe.
Without discussing that question, in the light
of recent events on the continent of Kurope,
without going into any theory as to how the
loans of other nations have been negotiated at
apparently lower rates of interest than those
of our own, we have these facts, that one year
ago $200,000,000 of our national debt bearing
six per cent, interest was negotiated at the
reduced rate of five per cent., and within the
last ten days $300,000,000 more have been
negotiated, reducing the rate of interest from
six to five per cent., and the bonds of the
Government bearing that rate of five per cent,
interest are to-day at par in gold in the mar-
kets of the world.
Now, sir, that being the case, I bring before
every Senator in this body who was in it on
the 18th of March, 1869, his pledge to redeem
the United States notes id coin or its equiva-
lent, and I ask him, is not the credit of the
United States to-day in the markets of the
world equivalent to coin 1 We have our credit
in the markets of the world to-day at five per
cent, interest bringing coin. If then we stand
as the debtor, pledged whenever our circum-
stances will permit it to redeem the United
States legal-tender notes in the equivalent of
coin, when we have that equivalent in our
power, does not our good faith require us to
give it for the United States note?
And that brings us to look at the difference
between that promise of the Government bear-
ing five per cent, interest and the United States
legal-tender note. What is the difference in
the money market of the world? While the
faith of this Government bearing five per cent.
