1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2001
literature and articles of immoral use, with an
amendment in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I ask that the civil appropria-
tion bill be taken up with the view of concur-
ring in the request for a conference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
message from the House read, subject to
objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. Had we not better go
through with this river and harbor bill first?
Mr. COLE. No; it will take but a mo-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY. The last one took over
an hour and a half.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution of the
House of Representatives, as follows :
Resolved, That the House concur in the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 3921)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1874, and lor other purposes, numbered 2, 3, and 5,
and non-concur in the remainder of said Senate
amendments.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate insist
on its amendments, not concurred in by the
House, and that a committee of conference b&
appointed according to the request of the
House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to, and the con-
ferees were authorized to be appointed by the
Yice President.
Mf. Cole, Mr. Sawyeb, and Mr. Stockton
were appointed the conferees on the part of
the Senate.
obscene literature.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask that the bill
just returned from the House be reported with
the amendment.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
1572) for the suppression of the trade in the
circulation of obscene literature and articles
of immoral use.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was to add to the bill the following :
Provided, That nothing in this section shall be
construed as repealing the one hundred ana forty-
eighth section of the act of which this act is amend-
atory, or to affect any indictments heretofore found
for offenses against the same; but the said indict-
ments may be prosecuted to judgment as if this sec-
tion had not been enacted.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move that the
Senate concur in the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. It merely saves indict-
ments and prosecutions under another bill on
the same general subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. All right.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DAYIS. Now let us go on with the
regular order.
river and harbor bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 3922) making appropriations for the re-
pair, preservation, and completion of certain
public works ou rivers and harbors, and for
other purposes. .
Mr. SCOTT. I have an amendment which,
if acceptable to the chairman, I desire to have
added to the appropriation in line two hun-
dred and seventy-one. It does not increase
the appropriation.
Mr. ANTHONY. The amendments of the
committee are in order first. We have not
completed those.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the next amendment of the com-
mittee. •
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce was on page 12, after line two hun-
dred and seventy-three, to insert the following
clause: ,
For buildiiw an additional pier for the ice-harbor
at New Oa-Ule, Delaware, «!2).U0U.
The amendment, was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 13, to
strike out lines two hundred and ninety and two
hundred and ninety-one, in the following words;
For the improvement of East Chester creek, New
York, $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 13, after
line two hundred and ninety-seven, to insert
the following:
For dredging at the entrance of Newport harbor,
Rhode Island, and for a jetty on the south end of
said Goat Island, 88,500.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask if that Is printed
rightly. "Rhode Island" and "GoatIsland"
seem to join.
Mr. ANTHONY. Goat Island is an island
in Newport channel.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to make a
verbal correction, to correct an error of the
prints by striking out "said" before "Goat
Island."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 13, to
strike out lines three hundred and one and
three hundred and two, in the following
words:
For the improvement of Cohansey creek, New
Jersey, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 13, to
strike out lines three "hundred and five and
three hundred and six in the following words:
For the improvement of "Wickford harbor, Ehode
Island, 65,000.
Mr. ANTHONY. That i3 a pretty small
game for the Senate to strike at after the great
appropriations that have been put in. That
ought not to pass.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was on page 14, line
three hundred and seven, to strike out " Paw-
tucket" and insert "Pawcatuck."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 15, line
three hundred and thirty-seven, to reduceathe
appropriation for the improvement of Rich-
mond Island, Maine, from$60,000 to $30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 15, line
three hundred and forty-three, to increase the
appropriation " for the improvement of Boston
harbor, Massachusetts, including Deer and
Lovell's islands," from §75,000 to $150,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 16, line
three hundred and sixty-four, to reduce the
appropriation for the improvement of break-
water at Wilmington, California, from $150,000
to $15,000.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. That is the most im-
portant harbor in southern California, and is
the harbor of the county of Los Angeles, which
is growing perhaps faster than any other county
in all that part of the State. The quantity of
freight received there last year was over sixty-
thousand tons. Nearly all the Government
freight for Arizona comes in there. It is quite
important that the breakwater should be com-
pleted as speedily as possible. I hope that
the amendment of the committee will not be
agreed to, but that the amount appropriated in
the House bill will be retained.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is true that the engin-
eers recommended $150,000 for this work,
which is a new one ; but we have not as a rule
followed the estimates of the engineers, and
$75,000 it was thought would be sufficient for
this work for the present year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 12, noes 19 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a quorum
here. Let us have another division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question again.
The question being again put, the amend-
ment was agreed to—ayes 25, noes 21.
The next amendment was on page 16, sec-
tion two, line three, after the word "namely,"
in the designation of places at which the Sec-
retary of War is directed to cause examina-
tions or surveys, or both, to strike oat the
following:
At Crow Shoals, Delaware bay, near Cape May
light, New Jersey, for an artificial harbor or break-
water.
Mr. STOCKTON. I really do not see why
that should be stricken out. It is simply a
survey. It is no expense of any account, and
it is really an important matter. I cannot
understand why it should be stricken out. I
think the Senate should not vote to strike it
out without some explanation and some reason
given why it should be stricken out. There is
no appropriation for it; it is a mere survey.
I ask the committee to explain why they want
that stricken out.
Mr. CHANDLER. The committee have as-
certained that the expense does not commence
till the survey. An appropriation of $50,000
came in for the survey of a little ereek where
for something that somebody had put in the
surveyor reported that boats drawing not more
than twelve inches of water could navigate the
stream if they were not more than two thirds
loaded, [laughter,] and that with au expendi-
ture of $750,000 they could get two feet depth,
and with §4,000,000 they could getfourfeet of
water. The committee have ascertained that
the expense commences after the survey has
been made, and you have the estimate of the
engineer. This speaks of creating a harbor
and building a breakwater. Now, break-
waters cost an immense amount of money.
We did not care to search around for a chance
to hunt up a breakwater, and so struck it out.
That is all there is to it.
Mr. STOCKTON. I really do not under-
stand the explanation of the Senator from
Michigan. I have no doubt it is very-lucid,
but I do not understand it. I simply ask the
committee to tell me why they have stricken
out this survey. It is a survey which to some
of our people in my State is a very important
one. They simply ask the Government to
send an engineer there to make the survey.
The provision was putin the bill by the House
of Representatives, and why it should be
stricken out in the Senate and no reason on
earth given for it is a little more than I can
understand. These river and harbor bills
come in here filled with large appropriations
of immense amounts of money to clean out
the snags, I think they call them, and for the
rivers and harbors of the western part of our
country, and we all vote for them; but when
a little thing like this comes up, a little sur-
vey of a spot on the Delaware river, one of
the most important spots in our country for
navigation, the Senate Committee on Com-
merce strike it out. When I get up and ask
them to give me a reason, tney give me no
reason whatever. Now if there is a reason it
can be nothing but this: that they want to
reduce expenses, and it may cost a few hun-
dred dollars to make the survey. If you
choose to do it, gentlemen, I cannot help it;
but is it not right, is it not fair that our people
should know that that is precisely what you
are doing? The Senator from West Virginia
[Mr. Davis] tells me it costs the Government
no money whatever under the bill. Then why
the committee should strike it out is more than
I can tell, and when I ask the reason I get no
explanation.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN.. I have no doubt
there is an excellent reason why that survey
should be called for. The people of New
Jersey are so unaccustomed to receiving any
moneyed favors from the General Government
that they would never come here and apply
for it unless there was good reason. I think
