1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1103
it seems to me that there is an illusion hang-
ing around it. The idea of a reserve in a bank
always carries with it something more valuable
than the credit of the bank. The credit of
the bank itself is what the depositor has. If
there is nothing there more valuable than the
credit of the bank, a reserve of the credit of
the bank amounts to nothing. Now, we are
legislating, not for the security of depositors,
but for the security of those who hold the notes
that are thus issued. What then does that re-
serve consist of? It is not one whit more
valuable than the note that it redeems. The
United States legal-tender note is simply the
pledge of the faith of the Government; the
national bank note is the same pledge one
step further off, for before the bank can issue
that note, the bond of the Government must
be deposited in the Treasury to meet the note
in case the bank itself fails to meet it. So the
reserve is simply fifteen per cent, of the credit
of the Government held there to meet fifteen
per cent, of the liability of the bank. That is
all there is of it; and there is no actual value
in this reserve to the note-holder.
The pending amendment of the Senator
from Connecticut, which authorizes the banks
to redeem their notes in the bonds of the Gov-
ernment bearing interest, it strikes me is im-
practicable and inexpedient Of course, if
there are bonds in circulation of different
values, as there have been generally, and you
incorporate this provision into the bill, if the
bank maintains any reserve in the form of
bonds for the purpose of redemption, it will
be that form of bonds which bears the lowest
rate of interest, and they will redeem with the
poorest bond in the market. In addition to
that, this idea of the banks redeeming their
notes is intended for mere local convenience,
so that? those in the neighborhood may go to
the country banks, for instance, and obtain
coin when they need it for the current business .
of the country. This amendment would not
accomplish that convenience throughout the
country, because with very few exceptionsthe
United States bonds are issued in denomina-
tions of $500 and $1,000. So to meet the cur-
rent wants of the business community this
provision would be impracticable.
Besides that, the present banking law makes
ample provision for the security of the note-
holder ; and when he presents^ his note, if it
is not redeemed either in coin or in legal-
tender notes, if this bill be enacted, it pro-
vides ample security for him, and the Govern-
ment can at once dispose of the bonds which
will redeem his notes. So well is that known
and so good security is it known to be to the
note-holders to-day, that the anomaly is pre-
sented that when a bank fails to redeem its
circulation at once the paper of the bank goes
above par. The paper of a broken national
bank is worth more than the paper of a solvent
national bank. That is the case in the money
market to day. With that provision there is
certainly no necessity for adding here the
additional provision that the banks shall be
privileged to redeem in bonds bearing interest.
Mr. President, I have said that I felt myself
called upon to say this much because as a
member of this committee I have assented to
the reporting of this bill. I have assented, not
because I have implicit faith that upon the 1st
of January, 1874, we shall be able to resume
and maintain the resumption of specie pay-
ments, but I do feel that we have been out
upon the sea of paper currency so long that
we have got so near shore that we may now at
least venture to take one sounding and see it
we cannot in a reasonable time make land.
I wish to see the day when the dollar repre-
senting the credit of my Government pledged
to the note-holder shall be equal to the dol-
lar in gold, and feeling that we are all under
the pledge not. simply to sit still and let passing
events bring us to that, but to do that which in
our judgement we believe will facilitate the
arrival of that time, I urge that we ought to
give our sanction to a bill which if it does not
accomplish that purpose makes the honest
effort to do so, and provides the way for get-
ting away from the effort without disaster to
the business interests of the country. That,
sir, is the least we ought to do, and that I hope
we shall do in the passage of the bill now
before the Senate.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, in view of
the sharp criticism by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance of my amendment and
remarks in support of it yesterday, I may be
indulged with a word more before the vote is
taken upon this bill. Agreeing with the hon-
orable chairman in all he says concerning
the importance of returning to specie pay-
ments, I would gladly favor any measure
which promised to promote that object. But
while this bill, through its title, announces
this end, it really makes no provision for it.
It has generally been assumed that resump-
tion was a proceeding which required some
preparatory steps; that the condition of the
country now would not justify it, and could
not be adapted to it without some intermediate
action. It is certain that we now have an
inconvertible paper currency at a depreciation
of more than eleven per cent., the premium
on gold being more than thirteen per cent.
Clearly, resumption of specie payments means
that this currency i3 to be appreciated eleven
Eer cent, and made convertible into coin.
,et me ask, can a change from the one con-
dition to the other be accomplished by a mere
declaration, and without any positive measure
calculated to bridge the chasm between them?
The general judgment will answer this ques-
tion in the negative.
As we look into this bill to discover what
provision it contains having in view this ob-
ject, we find none at all. To be sure it says
specie payments shall be resumed on the 1st
of January next, but it does nothing to make
the saying a truth. All it does, I submit to
the candid judgment of Senators, is to say this
shall be done. If its theory is correct, I re-
peat my remark of yesterday, it is difficult to
see why we might not resume next week as
well as next January. So far as the Treasury
is concerned, the bill does not provide that it
shall be more ready at the one time than the
other. It is true it may serve as a warning for
people to set their houses in order, and yet,
may be, the only preparation will be the hoard-
ing of greenbacks, with the purpose of press-
ing them upon the Treasury on the 1st of Janu-
ary with a demand for gold under authority
of law. And is that the kind of preparation
calculated to inspire confidence in the success-
ful working of the plan?
If Treasury notes, now at a discount by
nearly twelve per cent., are to be made con-
vertible into gold at par eleven months hence,
the question will come to the mind of finan
ciers whether they can. find a more easy and
profitable investment than accumulating all the
notes they can, and presenting them at the
appointed time for redemption. May I ask
Senators whether a plan which would stimu-
late this hoarding and produce such a run upon
the Treasury, and immediate absorption of all
available coin, is likely to insure a continuance
of resumption?
It is true the bill gives the Secretary ot the
Treasury the option of redeeming in five per
cent, gold bonds instead_ of in gold. In one
respect this proposition is meritorious, never-
theless its cost. The bonds are indebtedness
on which the United States pay interest.
The greenbacks are also indebtedness which
is not redeemed and on which no interest is
paid. In other words, the Government prom-
ises to pay and does not pay. In making this
non-interest-bearing indebtedness exchange-
able into interest-bearing bonds, the Govern-
ment would at least acknowledge that it it
cannot pay its debts when they are duo, it will
pay interest. But there is still the same prac-
tical question in this case as in the attempt
to redeem in coin. The five per cent, bonds
are now worth about $113 in greenbacks; that
is, a thousand dollar bond is worth $1,480.
The bill, therefore, proposes that what the
Treasury now sells for $1,130 it shall dispose
of next January for $1,000. Now I ask, would
this be so much depreciation or sacrifice on
the Government bonds, or so much apprecia-
tion in the value of the greenbacks? The
chairman of the Finance Committee, in the
discussion yesterday, declared it would be the
latter. I think not wholly so; but I pass by this
point. In either case, as in the case of redeem-
ing in gold, to lay aside the Government paper
with a view to changing them into bonds next
January, would seem to be a really tempting
investment. The honorable Senator from In-
diana [Mr. Morton] presented this view of
the question very forcibly in the discussion
yesterday, nor was it lost sight of by the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] and the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.] The
option proposed to be given the Secretary
would, no doubt, enable him to better meet
the demand, but it would not prevent a run
on the Treasury. The plan is obviously liable
to embarrassment, even if it does not neces-
sarily involve great confusion and disaster.
If we did not witness under its operation a
heavy call for gold and bonds, and temporarily,
at least, very sharp and ruinous contraction,
it would be a fortunate and remarkable escape
from what looks now like a most serious risk.
But it is answered that the Treasury is given
power to meet such an emergency by reissuing
the greenbacks. This is true, and such a
course might meet one difficulty, but it would
involve others. If it were adopted, the result
would be to increase gradually the public debt
to replenish the supply of greenbacks which
had been diverted from circulation for redemp-
tion; to produce fresh demands upon the
Treasury, and to travel over the same circuit
again, all the time getting in a worse condition.
Is it wise to attempt such an experiment?
Nor should it be overlooked that the possibil-
ities of the bill admit of an ultimate, perhaps
periodical, increase of the currency.
The mistake of the bill is, that it ignores the
law of money which underlies the whole ques-
tion. The first great fact in considering the
problem is that our paper currency is at a dis-
count of about twelve per cent, as compared
with gold. Its value is so much less, and that
difference of value cannot be overcome by any
mere arbitrary rule declaring them equivalent,
without providing any adequate way of making
them so. It is sot a mere nominal legal differ-
ence which can be wiped out by the simple
enactment of a law affirming it; but it is an
actual, tangible difference which cannot be got
around or overcome, except by removing what
causes it.
It is true of money as of merchandise that
the value is connected with the quantity, and
that the more there is of it, the less it is worth.
In reference to paper money, its inconverti-
bility has no doubt an influence as well as its
redundancy, though past experience in our
own and other lands shows that even incon-
vertible paper money may be kept at par if
limited in quantity. But, after making all
allowance for the depreciating influence ot
present irredeemability, it still remains true
that the value depends largely upon the vol-
ume, and that our existing currency is depre-
ciated because it is excessive. It is this truth
which the bill overlooks, and which the Senate
failed to supply when it rejected the amend-
ment I had the honor to offer on yesterday.
It seems to be an effort to remove the inequal-
ity between paper and gold without removing
the cause of it. The bill finds a currency
which is at a discount because there is too
much of it, and seeks to bring it to par with-
out reducing the excess. It is this  allu,2>
Mr. President, to go to the seat ot the dim-
culty which would lead to the practical con-
sequences that I have already described.
