1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2063
Gulf of Mexico with the Rio Grande. That
whole section of country is interlaced with
water-courses, and it has been believed for a
long time that it is practicable to connect the
Mississippi river with the Rio Grande by an
inland communication. I hope the amend-
ment will be rejected. I ask for the rejection
of that portion of the amendment of the com-
mittee down to the word "canals" on line
forty-one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. As I was in
the chair and could not do two things at once,
I should like to have a vote upon striking out
the words "Pine river, St. Clair county,
Michigan," in lines twenty-one and twenty-
two of section two. I should like to have that
amendment disagreed to. It is an important
survey.
Mr. LOGAN. Survey for what?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. For informa-
tion.
Mr. SPRAGUE. We cannot go back.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask that the
question be put again on that amendment. I
should like to have it disagreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the Chair will put the question
again on the amendment of the committee
striking out the words " Pine river, St. Clair
county, Michigan."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to ask whether the
whole of the amendment in lines thirty-nine,
forty, forty-one, and forty-two was concurred
in 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was.
Mr. SAWYER. Then I move to reconsider
the vote by which it was done.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That ought to be recon-
sidered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I suppose that survey
alone would cost millions of dollars. It is to
survey an inland route from San Antonio,
Texas, clear up, for an inland canal, a work
that will cost probably from four to five thou-
sand million dollars. [Laughter.] The sur-
vey itself will cost millions. It is to construct
a water channel from San Antonio, Texas,
clear up as far as 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Aroostook. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr, CHANDLER. Pretty near. I do not
remember how far. It will cost several mil-
lions, I cannot tell how many, to make the
survey ; and I do not suppose anybody wants it.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator is entirely
mistaken with regard to a part of this clause.
The part which begins in the forty-first line
"at Great Pedee river, from Pine Bluff to
Cheraw, South Carolina, has nothing to do
with what he is talking about. That is a sep
arate thing entirely from "connecting the
inland waters along the margin of the Gulf of
Mexico, from Donaldsonville, in Louisiana, to
the Rio Grande river, in Texas, by cuts and
canals." I do not see why they should be put
together at all. They have no connection with
each other whatever. The cost of making a sur-
vey of the Great Peedee river from Pine Bluff to
Cheraw, instead of being four or five thousand
millions of dollars, probably will not be $500.
I ask that so much of the amendment as begins
with the words "at Great Pedee river" and
ends with "'South Carolina" shall be non-
concurred in.
Mr. SPENCER. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from South Carolina where-
abouts on the Great Pedee river is Pine
Mr. SAWYER. It is on the lower part of
the Great Pedee river, not far from the sea,
and Cheraw is some twenty or thirty miles
above it. , ,
Mr. WEST. I move to amend the amend-
ment and recousider the whole section, or so
much as is stricken out in these four lines. I
do not think the Senate need be at all appre-
hensive of the extravagant expenditure con-
templated by the Senator from Michigan, be-
cause $125,000 is all that is appropriated for
all of these surveys.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina moves to reconsider
the amendment striking out in section two,
lines thirty-nine, forty, forty-one, and forty-
two.
Mr, CHANDLER. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. SPENCER. He only proposes to re-
consider the first three lines.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is one
amendment, and cannot be divided.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
lines forty-four and forty-five, to strike out
"at New Rochelle, New York, for the im-
provement of echo bay or harbor."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line forty-six, to strike out 11 at harbor at Wil-
son, on Lake Ontario, New York."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
lines forty-seven, forty-eight and forty-nine,
to strike out the words, " at Portsmouth har-
bor, New Hampshire, for breakwater between
Gerrish's island and Wood island."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
lines forty-nine, fifty and fifty-one, .to strike
out "in Ipswich bay, Massachusetts, at Hodg-
kins' cove, to ascertain the practicability of a
harbor of refuge by building a breakwater
there."
Mr. WILSON. I hope that will not be
stricken ont. It is really important. As
Massachusetts asks for but very little and gets
less, I hope this little survey will not be stricken
out.-
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following :
Sec. 3. That the Secretary of War is hereby au-
thorized and reauired to detail five eagineera, whose
duty it shall be to inquire into and report upon the
practicability of bridging, consistently with the in-
terests of navigation, the channel between Lake
Huron and Lake Erie, at such points as may be
needful for the passing of railroad trains across said
channel, and also its effect upon the navigation of
the same; and farther to inquire into the number
and character of the vessels navigating said chan-
nel, and the number of trips made by each, and, if
said bridging be practicable, to report what extent
of span or spans and elevation above the water will
be required in the construction of sueh bridge or
bridges, so as not seriously to injure the navigation
of said channel.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is a mistake in
the printing of that section. It reads, "that
the Secretary of War is hereby authorized and
required to detail five engineers," &c.
Sir. SPRAGUE. One is enough.
Mr. CHANDLER. One or more. I pro-
pose to modify it so as to authorize the Secre-
tary of War to detail from the engineer corps
one or more officers, as he sees fit, for this
work.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made. The question is on the
amendment as modified.
The amendment as modified was agreed to,
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to offer an
amendment to include among the surveys a
place that was stricken out by the committee
for an appropriation. They recommend that
it be surveyed. In section two, line twenty-
ithree, after the word "Michigan," I move to
insert "Sebawaing river, Michigan."
Mr. EDMUNDS. What does that mean?
Mr. CHANDLER. We struck out an ap-
propriation of $8,000 for this river, and we
agreed to put it among the surveys instead of
making an appropriation for the harbor.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I am directed by the com-
mittee to offer an amendment in line three
hundred and fifty-nine, section one, to make it
conform to the recommendation of the en-
gineer in charge of the work. -It does not
change the appropriation. The clause now
reads, "for the improvement of the Lower
Willamette river, Oregon, $20,000." I pro-
pose to amend it so that it shall read :
For the improvement of the Willamette and Co-
lumbia rivers, Oregon, from Portland to the sea,
$20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL,, of Vermont. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in on page 5, sec-
tion one, after line one hundred and eight:
For the improvement of Swanton harbor, Ver-
mont, $25,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does this
come from a committee?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It has been
sent to a committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is just as well.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It has been
examined by the engineers and reported upon,
and the chairman of the committee of the
other House informs me it would have been
included in the bill if the report of the en-
gineers had been printed in season. I wish to
say that this is on Lake Champlain, which is
the great receiving basin of all the upper
lakes and of the St. Lawrence, and it is the
terminus of the great Portland railway that
is to make the grand connection with Detroit,
Chicago, and the great West. It is one of the
finest harbors in the world.
Mr. LOGAN. Has it been dag out?
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Oh, yes.
There is no doubt about this matter. It is
seriously recommended, and I trust there will
be no objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that it
has been referred to a committee. I suppose
that makes it in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I submit that it is not
germane to any appropriation in the bill, and
therefore cannot be offered under the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless it
comes from a committee or is recommended
by the head of a Department, <5r is to carry
out an existing law, the Chair will feel obliged
to rule it out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Itcomes from
a committee, only it is reported adversely by
the committee. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be
received only by unanimous consent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am sure
there will be no objection to this, because the
engineer has reported that this is an import-
ant work and it ought to be done.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. There is another
very good reason why it should be adopted:
almost every recommendation of the com-
mittee has been reversed by the Senate.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the amendment is not in order.
Mr. SAWYER. I offer the following
amendmenttocomein in section two, line forty-
two, not involving any additional appropria-
tion. It is to insert:
At Ashley river, South Carolina; Groat Pedee
river from Pine Bluff to Cheraw, South Carolina.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor states that this does not increase the
appropriation.
Mr. SAWYER. It is merely including these
rivers in the list of surveys. It does not require
an appropriation. (
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to offer an amend-
ment. It is not to take money from the Treas-'
ury, but simply to provide for the continuance
of an appropriation for a work which is inca-
pable of being contracted for now:
That the appropriation for building the pier at
Lewes, Delaware, contained in the act approved
