2064
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
July 15, 1870, entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1871, and for other pur-
poses," be, and the same is hereby, extended until
June 30,1874..
There is no money taken by this amendment.
It is simply a question of preventing the cover-
ing in of an appropriation made for a pier es-
timated for, but incapable of being contracted
for, owing to the nature of the work.
Mr. CHANDLER. I see no objection to
that. It does not appropriate any money.
Mr. SPRAGUE. There is no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to amend the bill
in section two, line three, by inserting, after
the word " namely," the words " at the outlet
of Point Judith lake, Rhode Island." This is
merely for a survey.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend this
bill on page 6, line one hundred and thirteen,
by striking out the word " fifteen " and insert-
ing "twenty-five;" so as to read: "for the
improvement of Burlington harbor, Vermont,
$25,000." This does take money from the
Treasury to the extent of $10,000 more than
is here appropriated. The amendment has
been referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and is in pursuance of, only it is below, the
estimate of the Department regularly made.
Therefore it is in order. I hope there will be
no objection to it.
I make this statement in regard to it: iu
order to extend the breakwater at Burlington
and to make it at all effectual more than this
$15,000 is necessary to do anything. Thirty
thousand dollars a year has been appropriated
for three or four years back, and very great
progress has been made. The commerce of
that port for the last fiscal year was $13,000,000
of imports and exports ; between nine and ten
millions of imports, and between three and four
millions of exports; and the customs received
at that one port, where this breakwater is in
progress, amount to nearly—I do not know
but to more now, but I do not wish to over-
state it—one million a year in gold. That is
the state of the fact, and therefore I appeal in
all seriousness to the Senate to allow this little
work to go on.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That is right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that, except this one; they seem to be get-
ting a great deal more at Burlington than they
pay. The Senator says they receive' some nine
or ten millions and only pay out about four.
It seems to me that they are receiving so much
already more than they pay out, it is hardly
necessary to appropriate any money to give
them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment on page 17, section two, line'twenty-five.
After the word "Oregon" I move to insert
"Red river from Moorhead to Pembina."
There is a larger steamboat navigation on that
river and we want to survey it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I now ask to have a vote on
the amendment I sent up some time ago to
the table of the Clerk. It is on page 12, line
two hundred and seventy-one, after the word
"dollars" in the clause making an appropri-
ation for the improvement of the channel of
the Schuylkill river to insert "of which
amount a portion shall be used for com-
mencing the removal of the rocks at or near
South-street wharf."
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am about
to propose my amendment for the improve-
ment of Swanton harbor again, for I am really
serious about it. This is at the end of the
Portland and Ogdensburg railroad, and I see
here a gentleman from the other House who
will corroborate my statement if it is necessary.
I supposed as a matter of course that the com-
mittee would, report the amount 1 asked for,
because it was only $40,000, and I sent the
amendment to the committee at least a week
ago. The report of the engineer was given to
them, and a valuable document it is, showing
that this is an important work, and that in the
end it will cost .$275,000. This road will be
completed so as to reach this place, and it is
really of importance. The people there on the
line have made great sacrifices in order to have
this road early completed, and this harbor is
the outlet. I trust there will now be no objec-
tion to the amendment which is be inserted on
page 5 after line one hundred and eight.
For the improvement of Swanton harbor, Ver-
mont, fiiio.OOO.
Mr. CHANDLER. I find that the engin-
eers in their report say:
"Swanton is a manufacturing town on a station
of tho Vermont Central railroad, fifteen miles from
Rouse's Point, and ten from St. Albans. The junc-
tion of tho Montreal and Vermont and Central
railroads is at this point. Tho village is two miles
from tho harbor or tho lake, and has as yet no rail-
road connection with it, but on tho completion of
tho Portland and Ogdensburg railroad, now being
constructed, tho harbor will be put in connection
with the general railway system.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What do they estimate
this year ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They esti-
mate $75,000, and I only ask $25,000.
Mr. LOGAN. For the benefit of the rail-
road or the country ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. For the
benefit of the country. There is a large amount
of lumber and other articles there.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is compelled to rule the amendment out of
order.
M'r. EDMUNDS. I wish to add, in appeal-
ing for unanimous consent, which is now my
present appeal, one single word if tha Senate
will bear with me. The line of railway from
Portland to connect with Ogdensburg, to get
one more outlet between the East and West,
is actually now completed to the Connecticut
river, except a short gap in the White mount-
ains, through the notch, of a few miles, and
then from the-Connecticut river at St. Johus-
bury more than half way across the State of
New York, and the cars will be running before
the 4th of next July entirely across to this
very spot on the lake. The money is all raised,
and the iron is bought, and the work is going
on, and, as I say, the cars are now running
more than half way the State, and the grading
is almost entirely done the rest of the way.
So that it is not a problem about this railroad,
which helps you thus far to get into connec-
tion with the great lakes and with the West in
order that we may have better communication
for commerce and for transit. That is the fact
about it. Therefore I appeal to the Senate to
grant unanimous consent that some moderate
sum, as not a dollar has ever been expended
at this harbor before, be appropriated to have
this work commenced. 1 know it is out of
order, but I appeal for unanimous consent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to add
one word in the way of the importance of this
work. I know something about it, because
one end of the line rests upon Portland, and
that city I know has taken a great interest in
this enterprise and has contributed of its own
means many hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Mr. MOKRILL, of Vermont. Half a mil-
lion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Quite that. It
is regarded as a very important work, opening,
as the Sena,tor fjom Vermont has well said,
another outlet from the lake to this important
harbor on the Atlantic.
- Mr. AMES. I should like to ask how wide
the lake is at this point?
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is an island that
lies between that and the New York shore,
Grand Island it is called ; but the open water
in front of that harbor must be about six miles
wide, I should say. This is on the east side of
the lake, and all our heavy winds come from
the west and break in right on the shore ; so
that in order to protect shipping coming
through from the St. Lawrence, as ships do in
great numbers, a breakwater is needed to have
a place where the vessels can lie to unload
their grain and everything that comes from the
West on these cars.
Mr, AMES. In investigating this subject
the committee came to the conclusion that a
breakwater was not necessary to protect ship-
ping from the waves that might rise in a space
of six miles. That was one of the mam
points with the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the reception of the amendment ?
["No!" "No!"] The Chair hears none.
The question is on the adoption of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont.
The amendment was agreted to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to amend the
bill on page 13, after line three hundred by
inserting:
For the improvement of Newport harbor, $10,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall make no more
objections to these amendments. If Senators
desire to load this bill down, they can do it.
This proposition was presented to the com-
mittee asking for $18,000. The Committee
gave $8,500 with the understanding that it
was satisfactory. We then struck out a small
appropriation adjoining that, which, at the
request of our present Presiding Officer, [Mr.
Anthony in the chair] was restored. Now,
if the gentlemen desire to load this bill down
in this way let them load it down. I shall
object to nothing more.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment requires unanimous consent.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object if a single ob-
jection can do it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, Mr. President, I
believe no unanimous consent is required for
the amendment I wish to offer. I have offered
none as yet.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This appropriation for
Newport has been estimated for, and has been
referred to a committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It must be
reported from a committee to be in order.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask unanimous consent
that the amendment shall be considered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let me appeal to the Sen-
ator from Michigan. Newport harbor has
never had a dollar. The appropriation he has
made for dredging there is entirely for Gov-
ernment use and not for the benefit of the
people, and the whole county is more or less
interested in that harbor. I petition and beg
him to withdraw his objection. Do I get a
favorable response from the Senator from
Michigan ?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir; I am very
sorry, but I must persist in my objection: I
wish to avoid loading down this bill; but if it
is to be loaded down and sunk, it is all right ;
I shall not object to anything going on. If,
however, we intend to pass it, I shall object to
every single amendment hereafter when an
objection will prevent its going on the bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. But I trust the Senator
from Michigan will allow this small amendment
to be considered. After the immense appro-
priations that have been made for other objects,
I trust he will not object to this small appro-
propriation for a harbor in which the whole
country is, more or less, interested. I appeal
to his feelings in this matter. 1 hear no objec-
tion, Mr. President.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Michigan persist iu his objection?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I believe I can take all
the members of the committee to witness that
