1104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
In' connection with the .declaration of re-
sumption, the bill makes provision in refer-
ence to hanking,; designed no doubt to facili-
tate the former, or at least to harmonize with
it. I am cle^r, however, that this would not
be, the effect. It removes the restriction upon
the aggregate amount of the circulation of the
banks and provides for free banking. Public
sentiment is undoubtedly pretty w'eli agreed
that ia system of free banking is one of those
things which the financial policy of the coun-
try should contemplate, and which should ulti-
mately be attained. But the first problem is
to effect a, return to the specie basis, and I
submit that to allow an unlimited issue, or
further issue of bank notes, cannotbe regarded
as a good way to get back to specie. When
we have returned to the solid specie platform,
there can be no dispute about the wisdom of
establishing free banking, and removing the
limitations of the circulation of the banks so
far as it shall bo secured. But until we reach
this firm ground, is it not wise that the restric-
tion should continue?
Another objectionable provision of the bill
(I will be brief) is that which repeals, in ad-
vance of a specie condition, the present require-
ment as to reserves. Like the one to which
I have just referred, this provision tends away
from instead of toward resumption. It, ia,
ind.eed, inflation whenever it is for the interest
of the banks to let the reserves go out. The
requirement of reserves was designed to be
one of the anchors which should prevent our
new system, growing out of the war and dur-
ing a period of suspension, from drifting
away too far from the old harbors of safety.
It is based upon a principle, which may even
be adhered to in a sound money condition,
because it recognizes the necessity to all safe
and prudent banking, of a fair proportion of
money as a foundation for the issue of that
which represents money. It is true the Treas-
ury notes are not real money, any more than
the national bank notes ; and the reserve is
therefore a kind of fiction ; but, after all, they
have been made legal tenders for lawful
money, and if they are to be redeemed in gold
or gold bonds, there is the greater reason why
the requirement of reserves should be main-
tained. To prepare for a return to specie
payments by removing the limitation on circu-
lation with one hand, and destroying the rule
of reserves with the other, is a reversal of all
sound maxims, and could not fail to bring still
greater difficulty, if not disaster.
The further I go ill the examination of this
bill, the more I see what seem to me radical
defects, and I am therefore opposed to it. In
operation, it might produce convulsion with-
out promoting resumption, as in removing the
restriction upon circulation and the liberty ex-
tended to reserves it tends to expansion; as
in the authority for the conversion of green-
backs into bonds it may operate to effect at
times violent contraction. So viewed from any
point, except as a funding bill, it is more than
& failure—it is dangerous.
ihe PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Perry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Connec-
ticut.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I wish to say a single
e1sPeoifl% i'1 reference to what was said
by the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Scott.] The first provision of the bill
makes arrangements by which the currency
can be contracted. It allows the Secretary of
the. I reasury to redeem the currency by issuing
United States bonds. It also, as I understand
i? rp e"a',or sa^' Permits the Secretary of
the 1 reasury to expand the currency because
he can reissue the notes. That, if Iunderstand
tiie bill, is to be done at his discretion. He
may contract if men ask redemption, but he
need not necessarily expand if people ask ex-
pansion. But, if I understand the Senator,
he relies upon the free banking system, as it is
proposed, for all necessary expansion. I want
to say to that Senator and to the Senate that I
am in favor of free banking, but let them un-
derstand that banking is banking as a "whole.
Banking means the issuing and the redemption
of money. The issuing of money is not com-
plete or perfect banking. So long as you adopt
the policy or continue the practice which is
now continued, and issue money by banking
institutions without redemption, you do the
most fatal injury that it is possible for you to
do to the business interests of this country.
It is an expansion of irredeemable currency
which will appreciate values and disturb the
balances of trade.
Banking, as I said before, in order to be
carried on systematically and properly in-
cludes positive redemption. Now, I ask you,
Mr. President, if there is any except an indi-
rect and incomplete relation between contrac-
tion on the part of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and redemption by these banks of issue?
They are required by this bill to redeem in
legal-tender notes; but the legal-tender notes
are to be absorbed by your five percent, bonds.
Then they are to redeem in what? In coin,
you say; but every Senator knows that the
banks will not redeem in coin, and you will
have this issue of any amount flooding the
country without a positive redemption. 1 want
free banking; I want the business of banking
to be as free as the business of agriculture or
of manufactures or of commerce ; but I want
you to take banking as a system and not take
a part of it, and that the part which will be
most disastrous to the country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Connecticut to the
amendment of the Committee on Finance.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CORBETT. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out all of section three
down to and including the words " United
States" in the Beventh line, in the following
words:
That all banking associations which shall, on and
after January, 1874, redeem their notes at saieh lo-
calities as aro now or as may be hereafter designated
by law, either in coin or in United States legal-
tender notes, shall be exempt from the requirement
under existing law as to holding a reserve of lawful
money of the United States.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That each national bank now required to keep its
reserve m legal-tender notes shall, on the 1st day of
July, 1873, have on hand at least three per cent,
ot gold coin of its aggregate amount of notes in cir-
culation; on the 1st day of January, 1874, each of
such banks shall have on hand at least six per cent
m gold coin of its aggregate amount of notes in cir-
oulation; on the 1st day of July, 1874, each of such
banks shall have on hand at least nine per cent
'n gold com of its aggregate amount of notes in cir-
culation; on the 1st day of January, 1875, each of
such banks shall have on hand at least twelve per
cent, m gold coin of its aggregate amount of notes
m circulation; on the 1st day of July, 1875. each of
&uch banks shall have on hand not less than fifteen
per cent, in gold coin of its aggregate amount of
notes in circulation; and thereafter each of said
banks shall keep its reserve in gold coin instead of
legal-tender notes, to the extent of its aggregate
amount of notes in circulation.
This is simply to require the banks, by a
gradual process, to keep on hand their reserve
in gold, instead of legal-tender notes. The
law now requires that each bank shall keep
fifteen per cent, of its circulation on hand as
a reserve in certain cities, and in cities of re-
demption the law requires the banks to keep
on hand twenty-Eve per cent, of their circula-
tion as a reserve. I do not believe it is wise
to relieve the banks from this requirement to
maintain a reserve, and I believe that in order
to take steps toward specie payment we
should require the banks to keep on hand their
reserve in gold.
This proposition is simply one giving them
two years and a half in which to prepare
themselves for this conditiou. It does not say
that they shall resume specie payments at the
epd of that time. The other portions of your
bill can apply just as they do now; but this
amendment will simply put the banks in a
better and sounder condition than they will
otherwise occupy without some requirement of
his kind.
Of course, it is useless for the Government
of the United States to resume specie pay-
ments when the banks hold no gold. The
Government of the United States now holds
the chief amount of gold in the country. The
banks having no use for the gold do not re-
tain it. The Government pays them every six
months three per cent, in gold on the amount
of bonds held by them, and the banks dispose
of that gold at a premium. Now it is 110 great
hardship for these banks to be required to hold
that three per cent, in gold every six months
until it shall amount to the aggregate reserve
required by law. Then you will have the
banks in a sound and firm condition. In the
two years and a half they will have their gold
in reserve; the Government will have just as
much gold in the Treasury as it has now ; and
then the Government will be prepared to re-
sume specie payments. When the Govern-
ment is prepared and gives notice that it is
pieparedto resume specie payments, the banks
will have no object in presenting the legal-
tender notes in order to place them in a con-
dition to have their reserve in gold, as they
will already have their reserve in gold under
this provision.
It seems to me that this is a sound and safe
proposition. It approaches specie payment
gradually. I think it takes a step toward
specie payment, while the provision in the
bill, in my opinion, places us further from it.
The banks, by the section as it now stands,
are relieved entirely from keeping this amount
of reserve. If this amount of reserve is to be
swept out of the way, and they are to be
allowed to loan the amount now held as re-
serve, how is that going to provide for a corner
in money? It certainly cannot do so. The
banks will have their reserve entirely loaned
out, and they will be in a worse condition in
case of a corner in the money market than
they are now, for now they do use their reserve
to a certain extent in case of a corner in
money; but if, on making their report, they
are found to have less than the amount of re-
serve required to be on hand, they are com-
pelled to make that reserve up within thirty
days ; they must place it back in their coffers
within that time, or otherwise they are likely
to be forced into bankruptcy.
If you relieve them from that requirement
of the law, and do not provide that they shall
hold this reserve, of course they can loan the
amount of reserve that they now hold and be
farther extended than they are at present;
and in a time of trouble the reserve that they
now have they cannot use, because they will
not have it on hand. At present, in a time of
trouble they can use that reserve and make it
up within thirty days. Consequently, this pro-
vision of the bill places them in a worse posi-
tion, so far as the safety of the community
and the bill-holders and depositors is con-
cerned, than they are now.
I think this amendment is a wise provision.
cou.rse many Senators do not understand it.
■they do not pay attention to this measure, or
at least do not give to it that attention which
the importance of the subject demands. It
seems to me, however, that these banks should
be required to commence to hold their reserve
in com, and the sooner we compel them to do
that the better.
The amendment provides that on the first
ot next July they shall have three per cent, of
the reserve that they are now required to hold
m legal tenders in coin, and shall continue to
hold three per cent, more every six months
thereafter until July 1, 1875; and at that time
they pust have at least fifteen percent in gold
com in reserve, and thereafter they are to keen
their reserve 111 gold coin.
My friend from West Virginia [Mr. Bore-
manJ says that we do not require them to
