1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
tiou of white blood which they have in their
veins. And, sir, one of the stigmas that
attaches to us in connection with our Indian
policy is that when we acquired Alaska the
relations between the white people there and
the Indian tribes were of the most amicable
character, but when we had had possession of
the country but a very short time difficulties
sprung up betweeu the Indian tribes ot Alaska
and the representatives of the American peo-
ple who took possession of that country, those
difficulties being brought about, as is alleged,
by the insults and violence offered to the In-
dians by men who were either soldiers of the
United States or camp followers, who were
seeking to carry out their own schemes of
speculation.
I have contented myself with protesting
(and I admit that I have done it very mildly)
agaiust our general policy with regard to the
Indians, while at the same time 1 feel myself
constrained to vote for whatever appropria-
tions may be necessary to carry out treaty
stipulations under existing laws. I do so
under protest every year; but I know of no
reason why we should withhold appropriations
under the present system unless something
better is offered as a substitute.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope, Mr. Chairman,
we will now have a vote.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to say, Mr. Chair-
man, in answer to some of the remarks of my
colleague [Mr. Niblack] bearing on this
Indian policy, that the effort has been to get
as many of the Indian tribes into the Indian
territory aa possible, and in that way to re-
lieve other parts of the country of these very
obstacles to which he refers.
In my judgment it is not proper to say that
the line of civilization and settlement in this
country necessarily runs directly through the
Indian territory. It can just as well run in
other parts of the country. We will get along
a great deal better if we conld have fewer of
those conflicts to which allusion has been
made. Now, I wish to call attention to the
fact that in the State of New York, one of
the most populous States, certainly one of the
best business States in the country, there is
an Indian tribe owning a considerable tract
of country. There is no difficulty about it.
All passes along pleasantly. The people are
all satisfied.
Now there is an effort to make a drive, to
run over everythingan Indian possesses. No
matter where you make a location of an
Indian reservation, just so soon as the Indians
are settled down upon that reservation it is
found out, so weare told, thatgoldand silver is
found under the reservation, or not very far
from it, and it requires at once there should
be some movement of Congress to let all
people have a passage through that country.
It turns out in the end it is to be used only for
the purposes of a farming community.
I make this remark, Mr. Chairman, to call
attention to the fact that wherever the Indians
own land in the western country there seems
to be a persistent effort to drive them from it.
If they were as poor as the negroes when we
set them free there would be no trouble about
the matter at all. The main trbuble is that
the Indians have property, and men want that
property. They try to create the impression
that it ought not to be allowed to remain in
the hands of the Indians, that there is a neces-
sity to have it for the purpose of civilization
and commerce, and then a call is made upon
Congress to drive off these very Indians whom
we are trying to settle down aud bring under
the habits ol civilized life. That is the way
this thing runs.
Jlr. NIBLACK. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. CONNER. I renew it, and I ghall not
detain the House but for a very few minutes.
One word, Mr. Chairman, in relation to
what the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] has had to say in regard to this matter.
There is no gentleman on this floor whom I
have been in the habit of following with as
little question, I think, as the gentleman from
Kentucky, but on this subject lam satisfied he
is neither a safe counselor nor a wise leader.
He told this House that in 1867 the Govern-
ment expended thirty-odd millions of money
in a war with the Indians. Without question-
ing the amount expended, I will simply say
what was the result of the blow struck by Gen-
eral Sheridan on the Canadian. It gave peace
and security for eighteen months to the settle-
ments on the border of Texas. At the close
of those eighteen months the settlements were
far in advance of what they are to-day. There
were no hostile Indians devastating Mason
county, Texas, murdering distinguished citi-
zens of Kentucky, as they did membefs of the
Todd family in the district represented by my
colleague on my left. There was security on
that border, and a man could travel there from
one county site to another without loading
himself down with six-shooters and Springfield
rifles, and without having an escort of cavalry
soldiers.
Now, sir, there is one man in whom the
American people have confidence, both in
regard to his moral honesty, his integrity, and
his capacity to comprehend a subject when
properly laid before him, and that man is
General Sheridan. He understands this In-
dian policy ; and if you take the reports which
he has made from time to time, and are to be
found on file in the War Department, you will
see that he condemns in unmeasured terms this
entire Indian policy. Give into his charge
and that of the War Department the control
of these Indian matters, and you will give us
protection on the frontiers.
Now a word in relation to the advance made
by the Creeks, and Cherokees, and Choctaws,
and Chickasaws, and these other nations.
With them I am perfectly familiar, because I
travel through their country two or three
times every year. It is a fact in the Creek
nation that American citizens of African de-
scent who were formerly held in slavery by
members of that tribe are rapidly absorbing
the wealth of the whole Creek nation. The
ordinary size of an Indian farm is about two
or three acres, while they hold per capita not
less than ten sections each of the public do-
main, from which the white man is entirely
excluded by virtue of these treaty stipulations.
How long has it been held, and how many
millions have been squandered in endeavoring
to civilize these Indian tribes? They each
have a governor, a supreme court, a sheriff,
and other officers; and I have no doubt the
annuites drawn from this House are appor-
tioned out among these officers. They have
a large amount of white blood in their veins,
and the appropriations made by Congress are
absorbed by them, and I do not believe the
Indians proper get any of the material benefit
from them.
I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For this amount, being the firstof five installments
of the sum of $25,000 named in a certain agreement
dated September 26,1872, which agreement is hereby
confirmed, made under the provisions of the act of
Junel, 1872, by F. R.Brunot, president of the board
of Indian commissioners, with the Shoshone tribe
of Indians, for the relinquishment by said Indians
of certain lands within the limits of the reservation
ceded to said Indians by the treaty made with them
July 3, 1868, the sum to be expended, under the
direction of the President, in the purchase of stock
cattle, $5,000.
For this amount, being the first of five install-
ments to bo paid to Wash-a-kie, chief of the Shos-
hones, as per said agreement of September 26, 1872,
8500.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to strike out those
two paragraphs. I am satisfied they are useful
provisions of the bill; but the Committee on
Indian Affairs, in whose judgment I have great
confidence, say that they want to examine the
matter somewhat more fully than they have
yet had time to do, and that they will report
upon it at a subsequent period of the session.
Mr. SHANKS. Injustification of the com-
mittee, I desire to say that the proceedings of
the commission in this respect were not in
conformity with the statute. If we passed this
paragraph just now, we would be indorsing
that matter anew, and we are not prepared
for that. I say this much in justification of
the committee.
Mr. SAIiGENT. I very much regret that
the gentleman has made that statement. The
work the commission has done is a good one,
and for the benefit of the Indians. That at
all events is my opinion.
Mr. SHANKS. We will have no contro-
versy about that.
The motion that the paragraphs be stricken
out was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
Sioux, Sisseton and Wahpeton and Santee Sioux
of Lake Traverse and Devil's Lake:
For this amount, being the first of ten installments
of the sumof $800,000 named in a certain agreement,
which agreement is hereby confirmed, uiade by the
commissioners appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior, under the provisions of the act of June
7, 1872, with the SiBSeton and Wahpeton bands of
Sioux Indians, for the relinquishment by said Indians
of their claim to or interest in the lands described
in the second article of the treaty made with them
February 10,1867, the same to be expended under
the direction of the President for the benefit of said
Indians, in the manner prescribed in said treaty of
1867, as amended by the Senate, $80,000.
Mr. SARGENT. For the reasons I stated
a little while ago, I move to strikeout that
paragraph, and to insert instead of it the ordin-
ary provision, as follows:
Sioux, Sisseton and Wahpeton and Santee Sioux
of Lake Traverse and Devil's Lake:
For this amount, to be expended in such goods,
provisions, or other artlclel as the President may,
from titue to time, determine, including transporta-
tion thereof, in instructing in agricultural pursuits,
in providing employes, edueatingchildren, procuring
medicine and medical attendance, eare for and sup-
port of the aged, sick, and infirm, for the helpless
orphans of said Indians, and in any other respect to
promote their civilization, comfort, and improve-
ment, $75,000.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
Sioux on the Milk River reservation:
For this amount, to be expended in such goods,
provisions, and other useful articles as the President
may, from time to time determine, including trans-
portation, in instructing in agricultural andmechan-
ical pursuits, in providing employes, educating chil-
dren, procuring medicines and medical attendance,
care for and support ofthea^ed, siqk, and infirm,
for the helpless orphans of said Indians, and in any
respect to promote their civilization, comfort, and
improvement, $100,000.
Mr. TAFFE. I move to strike out that
paragraph. I do so for the purpose of inquir-
ing of the gentleman who has charge ot the
bill what Sioux there are on the Milk Rivet
reservation, how many there are, and what
particular necessity there is for this appropri-
ation of $100,000? If the gentleman can give
us the names of the tribes I should like to hear
them.
Mr. SARGENT. The Sioux on the Milk
River reservation number sixteen hundred and
twenty-five. They are of the Sioux who were
in the Minnesota outbreak in 1862, and they
were removed to the Milk River reservation.
Mr. TAFFE. They are in my State.
Mr. SARGENT. 1 have said they are of
the Sioux who were in the Minnesota outbreak
in 1862. These Indians are now peaceable,
and are being civilized. This once dangerous
element is now at peace with the Government,
and has been for the last two or three years.
They are fragments of the Sioux. What par-
ticular bands they are I do not have just now
at my fingers' ends, so as to be able to give
that information to the gentleman. I simply
know they are fragments of various bands of
Sioux who were in the insurrection I have
referred to, and who are now assembled on
the Milk River reservation in Montana.
Mr. TAFFE, I asked the question in good
faith.
Mr. SARGENT. And I have replied to it
in good faith.
Mr. TAFFE. The same appropriation was
made last year. I am not acquainted with
that district and do not know what Sioux are
