1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
110#
redeem then. That is true. I do not say in
this amendment that they shall redeem at that
time. I do not think it wise to do that. _ I
think it wiser to place them in a condition
to redeem, and then allow them to redeem
them if they choose. They will then be in a
condition to do so. Under this amendment,
every six months they will be receiving coin,
and then, if their customers desire coin, they
can let them have it. I do not think it wise at
this time, or until we have a greater amount
of coin in the country, to say that they shall
redeem at a certain time, but I think we should
compel them to hold a certain proportion of
their reserve in coin, so that they may be in a
condition to resume whenever the Government
is in condition to do so and gives notice of that
fact. The banks should be prepared to give
the same notice and be ready to redeem at the
same time.
I trust that this amendment will be adopted.
I believe it is a wiser provision than the one
in the bill of the committee for which it is
proposed as a substitute. It takes a step for-
ward, while the other takes a step backward.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Oregon to the amendment of the
committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
rP16Ct6u
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment proposed by
the Committee on Finance as a substitute for
the original bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, there has
been no question before the Senate during my
short period of service here upon which I have
had so much doubt as the bill now under con-
sideration. There are some of its provisions
that I approve ; others that I cannot say that
I approve. The question of doubt in my
mind has been what I ought to do as a mem-
ber of the body, all the provisions of the bill
being considered.
I may say for myself, individually, that I
entertain very great doubt upon the mpn
proposition that is asserted here and which
seems to be the main object of this bill, and
that is, a return to specie payments. I enter-
tain the very gravest doubt whether it is not
better for the country that we leave matters
precisely as they are. I feel very certain that
110 law we can pass can compel a return to
specie payments. I feel very certain that the
trade and commerce and business of the coun-
try must be such as to justify it; otherwise, if
•we force a return to specie payments, we shall
as certainly force a financial crisis.
I confess, that so far as the State which I
have the honor to represent here, and, I think,
the entire West also is concerned, what we
want is more money rather than a contraction
of the currency ; in other words, as we are
accustomed to express it there, there is not
money enough to go round. My opinion is,
take the country over, that that is true. When
we consider the amount of our currency now,
as compared with some years sifice, and con-
sider also the development of the country,
its trade and commerce now, as compared
with the time to which I refer, it must be clear
to every person that we need more rather than
less currency.
If I were left to myself, I should insist that
the currency of the country should be what we
denominate United States notes rather than
national bank notes. I believe, in other words,
that it is better for the people, and they will
be better satisfied to have the notes that have
impressed upon them the sovereignty of the
nation than to have any note from the national
banks. I feel very certain that that is the
opinion and feeling of the people, if you take
the country over; but that cannot be done.
It is said that we stand pledged to return to
specie payments; that the nation is pledged
to this ; and it is said also that the failure to
act on this bill or some similar bill will violate
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 70-
that pledge, and that the paper of the coun-
try stands dishonored. In my opinion, that is
more a sentiment than a principle. I say
when you come to look at the real facts, you
will find that no country on earth has ever
accomplished so much as our country has in
connection with its currency in view of the cir-
cumstances under which it was issued; and I
say also that in view of the business of the
country we have been approximating specie
payment, in my judgment, as speedily as is
consistent with the best interests of the country;
and that if we by our legislation force specie
payment, the necessary consequence, in my
judgment, will be to bring about a financial
crisis.
I have no purpose to follow out this bill or
to discuss it at any great length, or much be-
yond what I have already said. I have said
that I have very great doubt as to what we
ought to do. I am unwilling to do anything
the effect of which will be to contract the
currency; I am unwilling to do anything that
shall have the effect of retiring the currency;
and yet I know that I must necessarily surren-
der some of my views as others are compelled
to surreuder some of their views in getting at
a bill upon which we can agree in view of the
great interests of the country.
I may state that my views on this question
are these: I shall move to strike out so much
of the bill as provides for the redemption of
the United States notes, the object being to
leave the bill so that it will look to free bank-
ing and free banking alone. I do this for the
purpose of keeping before the Senate my view
on that question, and having a direct vote upon
it. If I shall be overruled in that, I am not
prepared to say that I shall not vote for the
bill with the section that I propose to strike
out retained. I shall also propose to so amend
the bill with reference to free banking as that
the banks shall be compelled to keep a reserve,
as they are now compelled to keep it, my idea
being that it is incumbent upon us to protect
every person who shall have anything to do
with these free banks as far as possible, so
that there shall be a feeling of the utmost
security in connection with such banks. If I
should be overruled in that, I am not prepared
to say that I shall not vote for the bill as it
came from the Committee on Finance. My
object in offering these several amendments is
for the purpose of placing myself before the
Senate and before the country upon these
questions. If I shall be overruled, as I have
suggested, I may then vote for the bill; but I
propose to so vote and so act as, if possible,
to prevent any contraction, and to so vote and
so act as to leave matters as near as possible
as they now are, for my conviction is that the
people of the country are satisfied with the
manner in which we are getting along at pres-
ent, and, as a whole, they are willing to " let
well enough alone."
I therefore propose, Mr. President, if it be
in order, for the purpose of testing the sense
of the Senate, to move to strike out the first
section of the bill as reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance. I understand that that is
really the bill before the Senate now, inas-
much as it has been accepted in place of the
bill introduced by the Senator from Connect-
icut. I move to strike out the first section of
the bill of the committee.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to offer an amend-
ment, but I suppose it will not be in order
until the amendinentof the Senator from Iowa
is disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
amendment apply to the section proposed to
be stricken out?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir; I wish to offer
an amendment to the first section of^ the
amendment of the Senate committee, which I
think will be accepted by the chairman.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is m
order.
Mr. BAYARD. I propose to section one,
line twenty-one, of the committee's amend-
ment., after the words " public service/' to in-
sert the words " but nothing in this act shall
bs construed to authorize any increase what-
ever of the public debt."
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
that he had better say " the aggregate amount
of the public debt."
Mr. BAYARD. Very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand my amend-
ment is accepted.
Mr. SHERMAN. . I accept it, so far as I
can do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. CONKLING. Why, Mr. President,
nobody can accept an amendment to an amend-
ment from a committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said I accepted it so
far as I could do so.
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, but the Chair passes
it by as if that establishes it in the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
was about to put the motion formally, but
heard 110 objection to it, and presumed it to
be accepted as the sense of the Senate. .
Attention being now called to it, the Chair
will now put the question on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Delaware to the
amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa striking out the first section of the
committee's amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask for the reading of
the section.
The Chief Clerk. The first section, which
is proposed to be stricken out, now reads as
follows:
That on the 1st day of January. 1574, the Secretary
of the Treasury is authorized and required to pay,
on demand, atthcofliceofthe Assistant Treasurer in
the city of New York, to any holder of United
States notes to the amount of $1,000, or any multiple
thereof, in exchange for such notes, an equal amount
of the gold coin of the United States; or, in lieu of
coin, he may, at his option, issue in exchange for said
notes an equal amount of coupon or registered bonds
of the United States, in such form as he may pre-
scribe, and of denominations of fifty dollars, or some
multiple of that sum, redeemable in coin of the
present standard value, at the pleasure of the United
States, after ten years from the date of their issue,
and bearing interest, payable quarterly in such com,
at the rate of five per cent, per annum. And the
Secretary of the Treasury may reissue the United
States notes so received, or if they are canceled,
ma.y issue United States notes to the same amount,
either to purchase or redeem the public debt, or to
meet the current payments for the public service.
But nothing in this act contained shall be construed
to authorize an increase of the aggregate amount ol
the public debt, And the said bonds and the in-
terest thereon shall be exempt from the payment
of ail taxes ©r duties of the United States as well as
from taxation in any form by or under State, muni-
cipal, or local authority; and the said bonds shall
have set forth and expressed upon their face the
above specified conditions, and shall, with their
coupons, be made payable at the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. WRIGHT. I call for the yeas and
nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
My. SHERMAN. I only wish to say
enough to call the attention of the Senate to
the nature of this amendment. If this amend-
ment prevails, the feature of the bill which
looks, toward advancing our notes to the gold
standard is stricken out, and the bill is left
simply as a free banking act without any plan
of redemption, relieving the banks from hold-
ing a reserve, and so far as the law wouM then
stand, a practically illimitable increase of irre-
deemable paper money.
The first section of the bill is the operative
section which looks to specie payments. Mr.
President, I appeal to Senators ol both polit-
ical parties whether now, four years after our
declaration that we would make our notes and
promises good, weare so barren of resource that
