2066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
exception, the question will be on concurring
in the remaining amendments made as in Com-
wittes of the Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment excepted
by the Senator from Louisiana, oh page 7, line
one hundred and fifty-one, after the word
"river" to strike out the words "in Louis-
iariaso as to read" for improvement of the
Ouachita river, $60,000."
1 Mr. WEST. I will state that very extensive
work is now going on in the Ouachita river,
which is partly in Louisiana and partly in
Arkansas. An appropriation was made last
year of $100,000, $60,000 for Arkansas, and
$40,000 for Louisiana. It was the opinion of
the officers of the engineer corps having charge
of the work that no appropriation would be
needed this year for that portion of the river
lying in- Arkansas, and consequently the
whole amount was appropriated for the State
of Louisiana, but while I was absent from the
Chamber the words "in Louisiana" were
stricken out.- It is not desired to use any
money on this improvement in Arkansas at
all this year.
Mr. CORBETT. I suppose there will be
no objection to non-concurring in that amend-
ment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to put this bill in conformity to what is
now the rule m every other appropriation bill—
fortifications, Indian, and everything — and
that is to add after the word "appropriated,"
in the fifth line of the first page, the words
" for the fiscal year'ending June 30, 1874."
Mr. SPRAGUE. That is right.
Mr. FERRY; of Michigan. No; we do not
want that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. As is very well known,
the Department sometimes cannot complete
these -works within the fiscal year. The neces-
sities of the case require that this bill should
be an exception to the rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the amendment be
reported, and then 1 will make a speech upon it.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert after the word "appropriated," in line
five of section one, the words " for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1874."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, this is an
important question- The Senate has decided
it on bill after bill, first taking the Indian, bill,
which hung on for a year or two after we had
got it on the legislative and miscellaneous
and other bills, until at last the Indian Bureau
gave it up and said we were right. Then this
year, for the first time, on a conference we
placed it on the fortification bill. That bill
stands on exactly the same grounds as the
river and harbor bill, as it provides for public
works, which are continuing in their nature.
The House disagreed to the amendment which
we put in that bill, to limit the appropriations
to the fiscal year, and on a conference the
House conferees unanimously, although they
represented the vote of the House disagreeing
to the amendment, agreed that we were right
and receded from their disagreement, and the
report was confirmed in both Houses. Now I
do say that to leave it out of this bill, after ail
we have done on the others, is not only unjust
toward those other bills and makes a favor-
itism for this one, but it opens the same false
principle in the way of accumulation of appro-
priations that we have been so careful and so
successful at last in preventing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment; and a division being
called for, there were twenty-seven ayes.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am going to ask for
the yeas, and nays on this amendment, aud I
will state the reason why.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is perfectly well
known that some of these works can only be
prosecuted in the summer, and others only in
the winter. Take the 8t. Mary's canal; they
cannot work at all on that canal except during
the short days of winter. Upon others they
can only work in summer. Now, the appro-
priation must be kept over six, and perhaps
seven or eight months, waiting for the time
when it can be used; the year expires, and
then under this amendment your appropria-
tion is gone. It is utterly inapplicable. The
works cannot go on with that amendment. I
hope it will be voted down, and I call for the
yeas apd nays upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The yeas and nays are
ordered I believe, and I am very glad they
are. We have had exactly this same state-
ment made to us over and over again as to all
the other bills. As to Indian contracts, it
was said you cannot tell when you are going
to have transportation; one river is open in
one month, and another in another} you can
get over one plain in winter and another mount-
ain only ia summer. It was just so with fort-
ifications. But in every year there is just so
much time to do the work at some time, and if
the money is not spent, then let it be turned
into the Treasury and let the Treasury officers
report to us how much they want, ana then we
shall know where we are. The_ money is ap-
propriatad every year; let them give an account
every year.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I desire to say
a word in corroboration of the statement made
by my colleague. Take the long session, when
the bills are not passed until June, as was the
case last session, and the thirty days' notice or
longer that is required carries your contracts
to the fall winds and prevents the expenditure
of those appropriations upon harbors exposed
to the sea. I know of several cases of that
kind. The Senator from Vermont says that
if the money lapses into the Treasury, upon a
statement of the facts we can have it reappro-
priated. We see the difficulty of appropriat-
ing money here for these objects, ana it is Cast
up to us, particularly from Michigan, that
every year we are asking appropriations over
and over again. If we are compelled to ask
for the same appropriations over and over
again in this manner we shall have these
epithets heaped upon us until they will become
unendurable. In behalf of the State of Mich-
igan, which is so unfortunate as to have so
much coast, which is compelled to protect the
commerce in which all the other States are
interested, I ask that this amendment be not
concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let me ask my
friend one question.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Certainly. •
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If these appro-
priations are made available from and after
the passage of the act, will there be any diffi-
culty then?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Not this year,
because it is early; but there would be if it
were a long session.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Suppose they
are tnade available from and after the passage
of the act, and then suppose there is a surplus
at any time unexpended, is there any difficulty
in reappropriating for that?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. If it goes into
the Treasury you will have to reappropriate it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But yoa can
reappropriate it before it goes into the Treas-
ury.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. But you are
not in session then, and it will lapse before it
comes round to the next time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. We are in ses-
sion every year before the end of the fiscal
year.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. There might
not beany difficulty at the short session when we
coukl appropriate early in the year, but the
trouble will be at the long session.
Mr, MORRILL, of Maine. Congress is
always in session before the end of the fiscal
year. There is not the slightest practical dif-
ficulty, and this is a great safeguard to the
Treasury. Without such a provision you will
never know what you appropriate. .Unless
you can assume at the. end of the fiscal year
that every thing yoii appropriated last year is
covered into the Treasury, you will never know
what ypu are appropriating.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to state thispoint
to the Senate, and it is a practical point;
when the Committee on Appropriations were
Considering the appropriations for light-houses
the representatives of the Light-House Board
were before the committee, and.we considered
upward of fifty items on that bill in which were
balances of appropriations to be reappropri-
ated, and in our interview with them we found
as to every item that the appropriation would
be exhausted before the fiscal year ended, and
those items are parallel with the appropria-
tions for rivers aud harbors. They felt it at
the moment that it was necessary to reappro-
priate all balances, but when they came to con-
sider each item they found that the appropria-
tions would all be exhausted and spent before
the fiscal year ended. That is exactly tbe case
here. The point is that there should be no
accumulation of appropriations beyond the
fiscal year to pile up. The disadvantages of
such a system in every respect are very great.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 83, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreman, Cas-
serly, Oole. Davis, Edmunds, Fenton, Gilbert, Gold
thwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hill, Logan, Maehon, Morrill of Maine, Osborn
Pool, Pratt, Ransom, Saulsbury, Sciiura, Scott,
Sprague, Stewart, Tipton, Trumbull, Viokers, West,
Wilson. Windom, and Wright—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Chandler, Clayton,
Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan. Howe,
Morrill of Vermont, Rainsey.and Spencer—11.
ABS1SNT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Brown-
low, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Cooper, Ferry
of Connecticut, Flanagan, Frelingbuysen, Hamilton
of Texas, Hitohoook. Johnston. Kelly, Lewis, Mor-
ton, Norwood, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Rice, Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Sherman, Stevenson, Stookton, Sum-
ner, and Thurman—29.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move further to amend
by adding after the words "eighteen hundred
and seventy-four" the words "and to be avail-
able from the passage of this act," so that the
contracts may be made this spring, which will
really accomplish all that my friend from Mich-
igan could desire.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read the third time.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
PAYMENT OF CLAIMS COMMISSION AWARD.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
3583, making appropriations for the payment
of claims reported allowed by the commis-
sioner of claims under the act of March 3,
1871.
Mr. STEW ART. I hope that bill will not be
taken up. We shall not do anything with it
to-night.
Mr. WRIGHT. I trust tbe Senator from
West Virginia will give way to ipe to allow me
to put on its passage the bill I referred to
to-night.
Mr. DAVIS. Is it understood that this bill
is up?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not
yet been taken up.
Mr. DAVIS. I will give way after it is
taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The_ ques-
tion is on proceeding to the consideration of
the bill indicated by the Senator from West
Virginia.
The motion was agreed to.
