142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
there or have a right to be there. They are,
as I have said, in my own State, and I desired
some information iu regard to them.
Mr. SARGENT. I am unable to give the
designations of ail the fragments of tribes
which may be at Milk river.
Mr. TAFFE. I withdraw the motion to
strike oat.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
Teton Sioux:
Fur this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to purchase subsistence and clothing for
the Teton and other bands of Sioux in the vioinity
of Fort Peck, Montana Territory, and for such other
objects as the Secretary of the Interior, with the
approval of the President, may deem necessary and
advisable to promote the civilization and improve-
ment of said Indians, $200,000. But this appropria-
tion shall be expended for the benefit of such por-
tions of said bands only, and for such time as they
maintain friendly relations to the United States.
Mr. DUNNELL. I would like to ask the
gentleman from California who has charge of
this bill a question or two. The appropriation
for these Teton Sioux last year was $500,000.
I should like to know how much of that amount
has been expended, and in what manner it
was expended; and if it has all been expended,
why only $200,000 are appropriated this year.
There are rumors in my section of country
touching the manner in which this money was
expended, and I would like to know whether
the $500,000 appropriated last year was ex-
pended, and how it happens that an appro-
priation of so much smaller an amount is
asked for this year.
MBSSAGB FROM THE SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally; and
the Speaker having resumed the chair, a mes-
sage from the Senate, by Mr. Stmpson, one of
its clerks, informed the House that the Senate
had passed bills of the following titles, with
amendments, in which be was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House :
A bill (H. E. No. 1644) to cure defective
titles in the District of Columbia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3124) to provide for the
removal of the sunken wreck which obstructs
the channel-way off Sandy Hook.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment bills
of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 845) to quiet titles to cer-
tain lands in the State of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 2027) for the relief of
William Howard; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3123) to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to transport in a Gov-
ernment vessel, free of duty, a monument
designed by Admiral Porter to be erected in
the grounds of the Naval Academy at Annap-
olis, in memory of the officers, seamen, and
marines of the Navy.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 1016) to extend the works of
the Georgetown Gas-Light Company ;
A bill (S. No. 868) for the relief of J. and
C. M. Dailey:
A bill (S. No. 104) for the relief of Joseph
Lanman;
A bill (S. No. 597) to authorize the Little
Rock, Pine Blaff, and Archidelphia South-
western Railroad Company to coustruct a
bridge over the Ouachita river at or near Arch-
idelphia, Arkansas;
A bill (S. No. 627) to place colored persons
who enlisted in the Army on the same footing
as other soldiers, as to bounty and pension;
A bill (S. No. 957) supplemental to the act
of February 9, 1821, incorporating the Colum-
bia College in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 809) to establish an assay
office at Helena, in the Territory of Montana ;
A bill (S. No. 956) for therelief of Timothy
Baker, of St. John's, Michigan ; and
A bill (S., No. 1059) authorizing a settlement
of the claims of the estate of the late Rear
Admiral John A. Dahlgren.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Ui*ion then resumed its session.
Mr. SARGENT. As a complete answer to
the inquiry put to me by the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Dunnell] just before the com-
mittee rose, I send a document to the Clerk's
desk, which I ask to have read.
Mr. DUNNELL. Prior to the reading of
that document I will state that these Indians,
the Teton Sioux, were never provided for by
any appropriation. For the first time an ap-
propriation, amounting to $500,000, was maae
for their benefit last year. There is a good
deal of doubt as to the character of this tribe.
Mr. SARGENT. There is really no doubt
whatever as to the character of the tribe. I
know that in the gentleman's neighborhood
there is much hostility to the Indian policy of
the Government. As to these Teton Sioux,
they number some seven or eight thousand, and
down to last year were roaming over Montana
and other western Territories. Last year,
for the first time, they were brought under the
control of the Government, aud have since been
at least partially peaceful. As to the mode
in which the money was expended in their re-
moval and location, knowing that the gentle-
man from Minnesota intended to make refer-
ence to this subject, I took pains to inquire as
to the facts from the highest authority iu Indian
affairs, and I now ask the Clerk to read the
response to that inquiry.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Offick of Indian Affaibs,
Washington. D. C., December 10, 1872.
Sir : In reply to your request for information
respecting the number of the binds and camp3
of Indians on the upper Missouri, known in the
administration of this office as Teton Sioux, and
also for information relative to the action of this
office under the appropriation made for the benefit
of these Indians at the last session of Congress, and
to disbursements under that appropriation, I have
the honor to state as follows:
First. The strength of the hostile camps on the
upper Missouri has until last summer been wholly
a matter of conjecture, and is still somewhat uncer-
tain. At the time the appropriation for this service
was asked from Congress (namely, January 25, 1872)
the reports of theagentandsuperintendent gave the
number of these Indians as approximating eleven
thousand. Their camps, however, were consider-
ably drawn upon during the winter, owing to the
excessive severity of the season, by the seoession
of individuals and small parties- who struggled
into the Milk Biver and Upper Sioux agencies.
Having some reason to distrust the previously
received estimates of the number of Indians still
standing out, this office particularly instructed the
commission appointed to visit this region dur-
ing the summer to sparo no pains to determine the
facts as accurately as the nature of the case would
allow. The report of the commission shows that,
at the time of their visit to Fort Peck a camp of
twenty-eight hundred and eighty-three Indians
had been formed north of the Missouri river,
between Fort Peck and the British possessions.
This oamp represented the number of Indians
who at that time had been gathered together, under
the appropriation referred to, out of the hostile
camps north of'the Missouri, extending to the Pow-
der river country. The Indians upon the north
of the river stated the numbers of those still south
of the river at seven hundred lodges, which would
give an aggregate of forty-two hundred to
forty-five hundred persons. I am satisfied that
this statement is not an exaggeration, as the
camps south comprise the personal following of
Sitting Bull, Black Moon, and Spotted Bugle, the
most noted of the hostile chiefs. The strength of
the camp north of the river was determined by
actual count. If the camps south of the river
are correctly reported, the total number of the
non-agency Indians is between seventy-one hun-
dred and seventy-five hundred. This is a con-
siderable reduction from the number heretofore
uniformly accepted, due in part to the secession of
individuals in small parties who have joined the
agencies on the Missouri and at Milk river, and in
part to a closer inspection, which, with Indiana,
always is found to reduce the reported number.
Second. The Indians in question were temporarily
assigned in May, 1872, to the care of A. J. Simmons,
Indian agent at the Milk River agency, the nearest
agency to Fort Peck, pending the report of the com-
mission, whose report has already been adverted to.
The commissioners, as a result ot their investiga-
tion, have recommended the consolidation of the
Milk River agency and that provisionally main-
tained through the summer and fall at Fort Peck,
for reasoDs which have appeared sufficient to this
office, and the department has already taken meas-
ures for effecting this object.
Tho expenditures under the appropriation for tho
support and civilisation of the Teton Sioux during
the year have been as follows:
For subsistence. $220,202 1 7
For transportation  1,854 31
For clothing and other articles usually
included in the distribution of goods to
treaty Indians  41,293 22
For miscellaneous purposes, including
exponses of tho temporary establish-
ment maintained atFortPeck, and also
expenses of the Indian delegation vis-
iting Washington during the summer 40,616 23
Total     $304.065 93
It should be stated that the subsistence stores pur-
chased are calculated to last through the entire year,
it being necessary to accumulate a sufficient supply
before tho close of navigation on the Missouri for
the winter, inasmuch as the first boat tor the next
season cannot be counted on to reach Fort Pock
prior to the 1st of June. The annuity goods are, in
the nature of the case, only given once a year.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
F. A. WALKER,
Commissioner,
Hon. A. A. Sargent, House of Representatives.
Mi\ DUNNELL. The reading of that let-
ter I think furnishes a good reason for the
question which I saw proper to raise. The
gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
misunderstands me, when he attributes the
motive to me in asking that question of hos-
tility to the Indian policy of the Government,
or in assuming that I represent a State known
to be hostile to that policy. It was a matter
of surprise that $500,000 was wanted for this
purpose last year, and that only $200,000 was
asked for this year. It is very unusual to
make so large a reduction in the amount of
appropriation.
Mr. SARGENT. The balance of this fund
that will be available for next year will be
about $190,000. The amount estimated for
this year is $200,000, which with the balance
remaining over will be about $110,000 less
than the amount appropriated last year. It is
thought that sum will be sufficient to carry on
operations for the next year.
The Clerk read the following:
For this amount, or so mueh thereof as may be
neoessary, to defray the expenses of Indian delega-
tions who may visit Washington on business cor.
nected with their respective tribes, 615,000 : Pro-
vided, That the commission of citizens serving with-
out pay, appointed by the President under the pro-
visions of the fourth section of the act of April 10,
1869, is hereby continued, with the powers and duties
heretofore provided by law.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to insert after
the paragraph just read the paragraph which
I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to be expended in the erection of agency
buildings on the Malheur Indian reservation in
Oregon, and in the purchase of goods, subsistence
stores, <fcc., for the Indians that may be collected
on said reservation; also for breaking lands and
instructing the Indians in agricultural and mechan-
ical pursuits, providing employes, educating chil-
dren, procuring medicine and medical attendance,
oare for and support of the aged, sick, and infirm,
for the helpless orphans of said Indians, or in any
other respectto promote their comfort and improve-
ment, $50,000.
Mr. SARGENT. This appropriation is
deemed very necessary by the Department and
by the Committee on Appropriations. There
have been some fifty Medocs killed during the
last six weeks. This reservation has been set
aside by the President. I call attention to the
following from the report of the Commissioner
on Indian Affairs :
"Malheur reservation.—This reservation set apart
by executive order of September 12,1872, is situated
in the southeastern part of the State. Upon this it
is the intention of the department eventually to
locate all the roving and straggling bands in east-
ern and southeastern Oregon which can be induced
to settle there. As no funds are at the disposal of
the department with which to make the necessary
improvements, and to provide temporary subsistence
for Indians removed, the work has not yet been
fairly commenced. The Indians who should be col-
lected upon this reservation are now a constant
source of annoyance to the white settlers. They hung
about the settlements and military posts, begg ng
and stealing, and unless some prompt measures be
taken to bring thein under the care and control of
an agent of the Government, serious trouble may
result at anytime. Congress should make the neces-
sary appropriation during the coming session to
maintain an agent lor these Indians, to erect the
agency buildings, and to provide subsistence for
