THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
we cannot propose or agree upon any measure
that looks in the slightest degree to advance
these notes toward the specie standard. That
is the question. Are we prepared to enter
upon a sea of illimitable paper money without
any pian of redemption, without any measures
for redemption, and relieve the national banks
from all the checks now imposed upon them by
law ? Because that is the effect of this propo-
sition. It does seem to me that the Senate
have not yet appreciated the difficulties by
which we are surrounded.
That this bill as it now stands, providing
for the advance of these Botes to par in gold,
providing for free banking and relieving the
hanks from, the necessity of holding a reserve,
will operate to bring our notes up to par in
gold, or practically so, I do not think any
business man can doubt. The whole theory
of this discussion has gone upon the idea that
it is possible for the notes to be presented for
redemption, and the presentation of tea mil-
lions or twenty millions of outstanding notes
for bonds, itself would cause the advance of
these notes up to par in gold.
Why, Mr. President, there is nothing in
this bill that is new. No man can claim the
merit of invention in the provisions of this
hill. This very section is but a reenactment
of one of the provisions of the legal-tender act
of 1862. By that act, which authorized the
issue of legal tenders, there was an express
provision that the legal-lender notes might on
the demand of any holder be converted into
bonds bearing six per cent, interest in gold.
That provision was suspended during the war,
only, because the notes did not flow in rapidly
enough and the bonds were sold, and sold in
the public market at below their par. That
provision ought to have been restored after
the war was over. There is no danger in it.
I do not wish to weary the Senate with a
long discussion of this matter. I have given
my views upon it. This bill ought to be dis-
posed of one way or the other to-day. Having
performed myduty I feel no more interest in it
except as one of the Senators of the United
States; but I would be willing to stake my
political life upon the merits of this bill and
upon its practical execution. According to
my deliberate conviction, when the 1st of
January comes, there will be no considerable
demand for the new bonds, and we shall bo
enabled, if the bonds maintain their present
value, to maintain our notes at par in specie.
I have no doubt of it.
As for the section about the bank reserves,
I do not care whether it is in it or out, person-
ally ; but in the opinion of a majority of the
Committee on Finance, it was wise to repeal a
restriction which was only good to prevent a
bank from redeeming its promises, was of no
value at a time when the money market was
easy, and when the money market was strin-
gent it became operative for mischief only.
The two sections of this bill that are indis-
pensable and go together are, first, this plan
of alternative resumption of specie payments,
and, second, free banking; and these two
provisions if left alone, one to check the
other, will regulate the currency of the coun-
try without having any man, or Congress, or
any power to regulate it. If there is a contrac-
tion of the currency, banks will spring into
existence and supply the vacuum. If there is
a redundance of currency, the necessity of
redeeming it in five per cent, bonds worth par
in gold will retire enough for the time being
to remove the redundance; and this system
of currency, the par of which is a gold bond
bearing five per cent, interest, and now worth
par in gold, will regulate exchanges without
any discretionary power in the whole system.
That will be the effect of it. 1 trust, there-
fore, that the Senate will not strike out the
first section.
Why, sir, look at this bill. Senators seem
to raise ^gorgons, and chimeras dire," as it'
something terrible was to tall on the country
from this measure. What is the bill ? It is
simply to say to the holders of our dishonored
paper: " We cannot now tell you, absolutely,
that on the 1st of January we will pay you in
coin ; we will try to do it; but, if we cannot
pay you in coin, we will give you our note
bearing five per cent, interest." Is there any
honest man in this land, black or white, in
like circumstances, who would hot feel bound
to do the same thing? Every holder of these
notes has his notes in his hand, dishonored,
repudiated, below par, worth less than any of
your debts ; and now you will not give to the
holder of these notes the same interest you are
willing to pay to anybody who will lend you
money. Your paper is dishonored, and the
very fact that this paper is dishonored has had
more effect upon our public credit than any
other event. The very fact that the people of
the United States, so rich, so powerful, so
prosperous, are not able to redeem their own
promises to their own people, even to the
extent of giving them a promissory note for
their past due, dishonored obligation, has had
a more damaging effect 011 the credit of the
country than anything else that could be
named.
Why, sir, there is no man who reasons upon
this great question, with the sentiments of
honor and honesty which lie at the foundation
of all governmental as well as business trans-
actions, who can have a doubt about it. Here is
the note of the United States. The holder of
that note cannot apply to the Government for
anything. You may take that greenback and
go to General Spinner and present it and say,
" Here is your note dishonored, pay me. Here
is a note saying on its face ' I promise to pay
the bearer five dollars on demand at the Treas-
ury of the United States.' " Let the holder
of that note go to the Treasury and demand
the money. General Spinner will say, "I can-
not pay you." ''Why? Is not the United
States rich enough?" "Yes; but I cannot
pay yon because Congress has passed no law
authorizing me to do it."
Congress four years ago solemnly pledged
themselves that they would do it. They not
only said that they would pay the note in
coin, but they said they would do it at the
earliest possible moment. Four years have
rolled around, and not one single step has
been taken in that direction; and now when
this proposition is introduced, not to pay abso-
lutely in coin, but to pay in our bonds, Sena-
tors see troubles and difficulties in the way.
Sir, as it is with individuals so it is with a
nation; 110 nation can ever afford to dishonor
its obligations or refuse to pay an honest debt;
and this duty is made the more imperative
upon us when this debt is the basis of all other
debts. It is the foundation upon which all
the credits and property of this country are
held. That promise is dishonored, and yet
it measures the standard of your property, the
standard of your morals, and the standard of
obligations among all men.
Sir, we cannot, we dare not, long continue
this system of maintaining in circulation paper
money that we refuse to pay either in coin,
which we promised to pay, or by giving our
note if we are unable to pay the coin; and
worse than that, we dare not leave those notes
thus dishonored floating in the market and at
the same time say to corporations all over this
country "Go on,,issue your notes; deposit
with us_ security, it is true, but issue your
notes without any plan for redemption, with-
out any burden of redemption, without any
burden of reserve, without any security what-
ever, and if anybody comes upon you to pay
them tender them our note, which is dishon-
ored, and which the United States itself refuses
to pay." That will not do.
Now, as to any danger in this bill, let me
tell Senators there is none. If the practical
workings of this bill by the 1st of January
next should appear to cause a contraction or
a hoarding of greenbacks, as it is sometimes
said, Congress will be in session ; all wisdom
will not die with this Congress ; the represent-
atives of the people will be here; and one
reason why we fixed the 1st of January rather
than a later period, was that we would be here
prepared to legislate on the subject. We all
have common interests ; we all represent a
common people. If there is any trouble or
practical difficulty in the workings of this
measure, the representatives of the people
will be here to correct it.
If, however, the first section of the bill is
stricken out, as a matter of course we shall
have free banking, and everybody who can get
money enough to put into bonds will issue his
notes; we shall have free banking without
reserves; we shall have an illimitable sea of
paper money.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to make an
appeal to the Senate. This bill has been suf-
ficiently considered and discussed. Let the
vote be taken upon the proposition of my hon-
orable friend from Iowa—that will be decisive
of the bill as a matter of course—and let us
dispose of the bill, because there are other
important measures, appropriation bills and
others, yet to be considered. I hope, there-
fore, that before we adjourn to-day we shall
have a decisive vote on this measure.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, notwith-
standing the very earnest and eloquent appeal
my colleague has made to the Senate, and the
respect which I always pay to his opinions on
financial questions, I am unable to concur in
the views he has expressed.
In the first place, let me take notice of his
remark about greenbacks being dishonored
paper. Are greenbacks any more dishonored
paper than national bank notes ? National
bank notes are payable in greenbacks, and by
the bill as it is now before us we propose to
provide for additional banks, and consequently
additional bank notes, which will be redeem-
able in greenbacks. All your national bink
currency is redeemable in greenbacks, and it
was all created under an act of Congress, and
if greenbacks are a dishonored currency, then
every dollar of your national bank currency is
dishonored, and will continue to be dishon-
ored if this bill should pass.
I do not think, therefore, that this appeal
to us to vindicate the national honor by the
payment of the greenbacks is well founded.
As has been said again and again, the mass of
the people prefer greenbacks to any other
paper currency whatsoever. At the same
time they would like to see thern approach the
value of specie, and everybody in the Senate
would like to see a resumption of specie pay-
ments as soon as it can with wisdom take
place.
My colleague is quite right in saying that
this is not a party question at all. We all
have precisely the same interest and ought all
to be governed by precisely the same motives.
Now, the motion of the Senator from Iowa
to strike out this section is a test question. I
agree with my colleague that if the section be
stricken out.the bill is dead; but that must
not prevent us from striking it out if it ought
to be stricken out. Because this particular
bill may die it does not follow that no meas-
ure may be devised such as the public interest
and wisdom may require. I grant that if the
motion prevails this bill is dead ; its parts can-
not stand together without this provision in it.
But I have heard no answer yet to the objec-
tion that has been urged again and again, and
never so well urged as it was by the Senator
from Delaware who spoke this morning, [Mr.
Saulsbury.] If you pass this bill the green-
backs will be converted into five per cents.
That is certain. ^ If those greenbacks then be
retained in the Treasury the consequence will
be a contraction of the currency ; for although,
under the free banking provision in the bill,
national batik notes may to some extent be
issued to take the place of the greenbacks thus
kept m the Treasury, yet we all know that the
