1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL: &LOBI.
banks cannot maintain the volume of currency
that is now in the country and pay specie upon
it under those circumstances. The conse-
quence, therefore, is, that if the greenbacks
which are converted into five per cents are
retained in the Treasury there must be a
fearful contraction of the currency. On the
other hand, if they be paid out, they wili not
circulate; and why will they not circulate ?
Because they will be a better currency than
national bank notes, and it is always the infe-
rior currency that circulates. Being a better
currency than national bank notes in this,
that they can be converted into five per cent,
notes at the pleasure of the holder when-
ever a thousand dollars are presented, they
will be worth more than national bank notes ;
and that will be so, notwithstanding the pro-
vision that the national banks must redeem
either in greenbacks or in gold. They will
be purchased, and hoarded, and converted
again into five per cents by such a process
as that. I do think, therefore, that that is an
entirely fatal objection to this section. I
can conceive of no reason in the world why
we should take these $356,000,000 of green-
backs, with which the people are perfectly
satisfied, and convert them into five per cents,
entailing on this Government the obligation
to pay $18,000,000 annually in the shape of
interest, and then issue those greenbacks
again, and be just where we wer? before,
except that they are again to go through the
same process, and thus year by year increase
the amount of interest which the Government
is to pay.
I cannot see any good likely to result in
the way of the resumption of specie pay-
ments that would at all compensate us for the
evil of such an increased burden as that would
impose upon the people. Sir, $18,000,000 may
seem very small to us now} and yet I recol-
lect perfectly well within my short life when
, all the expenses of this Government were
'paid with less than $18,000,000 a year. I
remember perfectly well when great clamor
was made against the administration of the
younger Adams on charges of extravagance
when the whole expenses of this Government
did not reach $18,000,000. It is true that
seems like speaking of a past age; it is true
that that clamor was to a great extent unmer-
ited and unjust, but yet let me remind Sen-
ators that only thirteen years ago the annual
expenditures of this Government were less,
I think, than $100,000,000.
Mr. FENTON. Less than $65,000,000.
Mr. THURMAN. Less than $65,000,000
the Senator from New York says. Sir,
$18,000,000 is not a small sum for this tax-
ridden people. It is not a small sum where
indebtedness, individual and corporate, is in-
creasing every day with such frightful rapidity
that any man who stops to look at it aud con-
sider it almost loses his head in the contem-
plation. Why, sir, in my own State, the State
that my colleague and I represent and are so
proud of as one of the conservative and wealthy
and intelligent States of this Union, the re-
port of the Commissioner of Statistics shows
that from July 1, 1870, to June 30, 1871, one
single year, the mortgage indebtedness of cor-
porations and individuals in Ohio increased
$341,000,000. Now, sir, this is not a time to
load down the General Government with an
indebtedness of $18,000,000 a year. _
But, Mr. President, I will _ not detain the
Senate longer upon this subject, for I have
spoken on this bill more perhaps than I ought
to have done. I ought to ha,ve left it to gen-
tlemen whose peculiar study is finance, more
than I have done. My only apology is that
even the questions of an ignoramus may draw
forth the answers of a wise man, according to
an adage almost as old as the world.
But, Mr. President, one thing I believe. 1
believe that the scheme embodied in this bill,
in its present shape, cannot pass the Senate.
That I think I know; and I believe further
that it is not likely to be perfected by any open
discussion and amendment made in the Sen-
ate, but; that a measure which will command
the assenf of the Senate must be carefully
matured in committee. The committee has
undoubtedly done all that it could, according
to its present lights, to mature this measure.
I think a majority of the Senate is opposed to
it. I think, too, that if a majority of the Sen-
ate is opposed to it, the best way is not to
attempt to perfect it here in the Senate; but
let that committee, whose peculiar business it
is to prepare measures upon this subject and
whose superior knowledge to that of the rest
of the Senate on the subject best qualifies it
to prepare such measures—let that committee
after the expression of senatorial opposition
to this measure go to work to prepare some-
thing that can pass the Senate and be of ser-
vice to the country.
Believing that this bill cannot pass, and
that it cannot be perfected in open Senate so
that it ought to pass, and that any further dis-
cussion of it will only be a loss of time, for the
purpose of testing the sense of the Senate I
move that the bill lie on the table, aud I ask
for the yeas and nays on that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the bill lie on the table,
and on that motion asks for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 27; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn. Blair, Cole, Davis, Ed-
munds, Fen ton, Gilbert, Goldthwaite. Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan. Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly,
Machen, Morton, Norwood, Pool,Ramsey, Ransom,
Rice, Robertson. Scbuiz, Sprague, Stevenson, Thur-
man, Tipton, West, and Wmdoin—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boreman. Buck-
ingham, Casserly, Chandler, Clayton. Cooper. Cor-
bett, Crngin, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Mich-
igan. Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Pat-
terson, Pratt, Saulsbury, Scott, Sherman, Stevrart,
Viokers, Wilson, and Wright—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter, Conkhng, Frelinghuysen.
Howe, Lewis, Logan, Osborn, Pomeroy, Sawyer,
Spencer, Stockton, Sumner, and 'irumbull—17.
So the motion was agreed to, aud the bill
was ordered to lie on the table.
message from the hol'sb.
A message from the House of Repre-
sentatives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the
following bills; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 3138) granting a pension
to Zenas Bradley, of Allen, Alleghany county,
New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 3160) granting a pension
to Aaron B. Hughes, late a musician m com-
pany E one hundred and third regiment Penn
sylvania volunteers;
A bill (II. It. No. 3826) granting a pension
to Maria D. 0. Bache ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3827) granting a pension
to Ann Hensloy;
A bill (H. R. No. 3829) granting a pension
to Leta Gibbs and Lucinda Gibbs;
A bill (H. R. No. 3830) granting an in-
crease of pension to Maria Louisa Craven ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3831) granting a pension
to Ellen Collins;
A bill (H. R. No. 3832) granting a pension
to Durant T. Hunt;
A bill (H. R. No. 3833) increasing the pen-
sion of Helen M. Stansbury ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3834) granting a pension
to Rosana Allison;
A bill (H. R. No. 3835) granting a pension
to William H. Nunamaker ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3836) granting a pension
to Laura Baker;
A bill (H. R. No. 3837) granting a pension
to Minerva McFadden;
A bill (H. R. No. 3838) granting a pension
to Ellen M. Cummings;
A bill (H. Ii. No. 3839) granting a pension
to Rosa F. Morsell;
A bill (H. R. No. 3840) granting a pension
to Susan E. Alger;
A bill (H. R. No. 3841) granting a pension
to Harper Smith;
A bill (H. R. No. 3842) granting a pension
to Mary Haag;
A bill (H. R. No. 3843) granting a pension
to Martha A. Gallagher, widow of William A.
Gallagher, - deceased, late a private in com-
pany G one hundred and thirty-fourth regi-
ment Pennsylvania volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 3828) to amend an act for
the relief of Charles M. Pott;
A bill (H. R. No. 3825) to so amend an act
entitled "An act to reduce duties on imports,
and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," approved June 6, 1872, as to allow
producers of tobacco to sell a limited quantity
of tobacco produced by them at retail directly
to customers, and for other purposes; and
A bill (H. JR. No. 3751) to repeal that part
of section six of the act of July 4, 1864, en-
titled "An act supplementary to an act entitled
'An act to grant pensions,' " as limits the time
in which claims for pension may be granted,
and for other purposes.
order of business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to take up the
"Alabama claims" bill, so called, reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary, being
Senate bill No. 1203.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will not the
Senator allow me to ask the Senate to take up
the consular and diplomatic appropriation
bill, which will not occupy much time, and
which it is quite desirable should be acted
upon, as the Senator himself knows ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot do that. The
diplomatic appropriation bill is for the next
fiscal year, and will not take a great deal of
time, but it will take just as much time as so
much time would amount to occupied upon
this bill. If we are going to consider this bill
at this session we might as well do it now, and
take up the appropriation bill afterward.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it is
fair to assume that we intend to pass the ap-
propriation bills anyhow, and if it is necessary
we intend to pass them to the exclusion of
any other business ; and if we do that, the
honorable Senator knows as well as anybody
that they must have attention when they are
ready and demand the attention of the Senate,
and if you do not give them priority yon will
find what has been our experience always, that
they come into the last part of the session at
a time when it is impracticable to give them
that attention which they ought? to receive.
Now, I think it would be economy of time to
allow us to take up this bill and close it to-
night, which I am very sure we could do in
perhaps the next half hour, in seasou to allow
the Senator to get up his bill. We have two
appropriation bills now before the Senate:
Mr. COLE. Three ; the fortification, the
naval bill, and the diplomatic appropriation
bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The fortifica-
tion is a slight bill; and there is this bill
which will occupy only a small portion of the
time of the Senate which I have charge of,
and then the chairman of the committee has
the naval appropriation bill ready, which might
be proceeded with. But as this is an odd hour
or so iu the afternoon, I submit to my friend
from Vermont whether he had not better let
the appropriation bill come up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I myself always yield
to appeals, particularly from my friend from
Maine; but it is a part of my duty to ask.the
Senate to attend to the consideration of this
important bill which has been reported longer
than any of the bills mentioned by the Sen-
ator from Maine. If the time comes when it
is apparent that nothing else but attending to
the appropriation bills can be done, then of
course we shall all yield; but until it does
come—and it did not seem to have occurred
to my friend that it had come a moment ago
I when he voted in favor of going on with the
