1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2067
LANDS IN IOWA.
Mr. WRIGHT. • Now, if I can have the at-
tention of the Senate, I appeal to the Senator
from West Virginia, and I have appealed again
and again to the Senate, to allow me to take np
the bill which I hold in my hand.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the Senator
from Iowa to appeal to us to allow him to pass
a bill which was commenced this morning and
perhaps would have been finished in a moment
but for a misunderstanding on my part. Of
course I will yield with pleasure for that pur-
pose.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am under very many
obligations to the Senator from West Virginia.
Now I wish to say that I have called this bill
up so often that I positively feel ashamed 
Mr. SPENCER and Mr. STEWART. Do
not talk about it; we will pass it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa asks unanimous consent that the
pending bill be laid aside informally for the
purpose of proceeding to the consideration of
the bill indicated by him.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H, R. No. 3919) to authorize
the President to ascertain the value of certain
lands in the State of Iowa, north of the Rac-
coon fork of the Des Moines river, held by
settlers under the preemption and homestead
laws of the United States.
Mr. WRIGHT. The bill has been read, I
understand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is very short. Let it
be read once more. It will not take a minute.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows :
Be it enacted, &c„ That the President of the United
States shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to ap-
point three commissioners, who shall ascertain the
number of acres, and by appraisement or otherwise
the value thereof exclusive of improvements, of all
such lands lying north of Raccoon fork of the Des
Moines riverain the State of Iowa, as may now be
held by the Des Moines Navigation and Railroad
Company, or persons claiming title under it adversely
to persons holding said lands, either by entry or
under the preemption or homestead laws of the
United States, and on what terms the adverse holders
thereof will relinguish the same to the United States;
and that they report the facts at the commencement
of the nest session of Congress; but nothing herein
contained shall be held to affect in any manner the
question of title to any of said lands.
Sec. 2. That the compensation of said commis-
sioners shall be eight dollars per diem during the
time they shall be engaged in said service.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to say one thing
in justice to the Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] and myself. I understand this to
be a bill for inquiry merely, for the purpose of
ascertaining upon what grounds these settlers
will relinquish their titles, and in no manner
binding the Government either now, condi-
tionally, or in any way hereafter. It is a
mere bill for inquiry and for nothing else.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have very great objec-
tions to the passage of a bill which shall take
any step that shall commit us to making good
to these settlers, if they deserve to have any-
thing made good to them, and I do not doubt
that some of them do, what the State of Iowa
ought to make good, if anybody does; but
after what is stated by my friend from Iowa,
that this is to be understood as merely an in-
quiry, which does not hold out to anybody
either an obligation or any rightful hope, ex-
cept as they might have a rightful hope based
on the merits of the case and not from this
bill, I do not feel it to be my duly to object to
his making the inquiry.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
TEXAS PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. STEWART. I now ask unanimous con-
sent to have the railroad bill to which I have
so often referred considered. It will take but
a minute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada asks that the pending bill be iaid
aside informally for the purpose of taking up
the bill indicated by him. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. SAULSBURY. How long is it going
to take? Will it give rise to any discussion?
Mr. STEWART. None at all; everybody
agrees to it.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand that the bill of
which I have charge is to be informally laid
aside and "that this bill is to be read subject to
objection or a call for the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The regular
order can be called up at any time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is the Senator from West
Virginia going to proceed any further in giv-
ing way for the passage of bills, or are we to
consider the bill regularly before us? I am
not objecting in this case, but I think we ought
to go on with the bill regularly before us or
else go home, or do both.
Mr. DAVIS. Let us have an understand-
ing that no other case is to be called up but
this, and that this shall be subject to the regu-
lar order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
indicated by the Senator from Nevada will be
read unless there be objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 1537)
supplemental to an act entitled "An act to
incorporate the Texas Pacific Railroad Com-
pany and to aid in the construction of its road,
and for other purposes," approved March 3,
1871.
Mr. STEWART. The committee report
a substitute for the whole bill, which I send to
the Chair.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike- out all of the bill after the en-
acting clause, and to insert in lieu thereof the
following:
That it shall be lawful for the Texas and Pacific
Railway Company to connect with, consolidate with,
or lease the railway of any company in the State
of CafSl'ornia, chartered by the State of California
or by the United States, or by both, that may be so
authorized by the State of California, and that may
be necessary to form an extension of the line of the
Texas and Pacific railway to the city of San Fran-
cisco, on such terms and conditions as may bo pre-
scribed by the laws of California and be agreed upon
between thecompanies and be approved by such a
majority in interest of their shareholders as may be
required by the laws of said State.
Sec. 2. That the said Texas and Pacific Railway
Company shall have all the rights, powers, and
franchises in relation to the construction and opera-
tion of the road with which it forms said connection
to the city of San Francisco that the laws of the
State of California allow, including a right of way
through the public lands two hundred feet wide for
such connecting road. But nothing in this act con-
tained shall be construed to create any land grant
except said right of way, or authorize any donation
or liability of any kind whatsoever on the part, of the
Government of the United States, nor to authorize a
consolidation with any through line of railroad to the
Pacific ocoan; nor sholl it in any wise affect (he obli-
gations of the Texas and Pacific Railway Company to
construct its line, as now authorized, to the city of
San Diego. And as to such railroad connected with
or consolidated with or leased by said Texas and
Pacific Railway Company under this act, the limita-
tions and restrictions as to freight and passenger
rates provided in regard to the Texas and Pacific
railway in the oriarinil act shall apply in all re-
spects ; Provided, That nothing in this act contained
shall be so construed as to interfere with or impair,
in anyway, the rights and duties of the Atlantic
and Pacific Railroad Company, or those of the
Southern Pacific Company of California: and said
Southern Pacific railroad, or any other road which
may happen to be consolidated with or leased by
the Texas and Pacific Railway Company in the
State of California, shall be open to the traffic of the
Atlantic and Pacific railroad at the same rates per
ton per mile and per passenger per mile, and with
equal facilities for tile movement thereof, as are
given to the traffic of the Texas and Pacific railway
over said lines: Provided, That this act shall be
subject to amendment or repeal at the will of
Congress.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I think that is a bill
of too much importance to be hastily consid-
ered here at this hour of the night. It pro-
vides for the consolidation of railroads, and
I think the country has had enough of such
legislation.
"Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask the Senator from
Nevada if he has consulted the Senator from
Texas in regard to the consolidation of roads
in that State 1
Mr. STEWART. Everything in (regard to
the consolidation of roads in Texas is left oat,
and the bill is now agreeable to him.
Mr. SPRAGUfi. If it is agreeable to the
Senator from Texas, I have no objection. He
felt a great interest in the subject
Mr. SAULSBURY. I object to the con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
not object.
Mr. SAULSBURY. As I understand it,
this bill authorises a connection with franchises
running through the public lauds to California.
Mr. STEWART. No, ho. It only provides
for a through line to San Francisco. All the
branches are cut off.
Mr. SPENCER. I do not think the Sen-
ator from Delaware understands the bill, or he
certainly would not object to it.
Mr. SAULSBURY-. I have an uncompro-
mising objection to this monopoly by certain
lines of all the railroads in this country, and I
think a matter of this kind ought to be more
maturely considered than it can be now.
-The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Delaware olgect ? If so, it is not
debatable. Does the Senator persist in his
objection ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do object to it, be-
cause I think there can be no necessity for it.
After the Southern Pacific road is built it will
be time enough at the next session to provide
for the this connection.
Mr. CASSSRLYi I hope the Senator from
Delaware will allow me to state to him that
the Texas Pacific railroad is aiming for San
Diego. It also has San Francisco as its object-
ive point. The intention and effect of this
bill is to enable it to acquire a right to one
road if one shall then be built in the State of
California by which to connect with San
Francisco, and that is all there is of it in the
world. There is no monopoly, and the only
grant is the right of way through the public
lands of the United States.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. It pro-
vides for a consolidation.
Mr. CASSERLY. Consolidation with a
single road which it has to buy to get a connec-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Delaware withdraw his objec-
tion ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend in one
liu.e which refers to the limitations imposed
by existing law. It speaks now of the same
conditions and limitations as to freight and
passengers. I wish to make this consolidation
subject to all the limitations of the original act,
aud I move to insert the words "or otherwise,"
so as to include the limitations provided by
the original act.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not see any objec-
tion to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I submit the
following amendment, and if it gives rise to
any trouble I will withdraw it:
Provided, That the Secretary of War is hereby
authorized, if deemed consistent With the public ser-
vice, to furnish to engineering parties of the North
Pacific ahd Texas Pacific Railroad Companies sup-
plies of provisions and such arms as may be neces-
sary for their protection, at their cost to the Govern-
ment at the place where issued.
Mr. HARLAN. What is that intended to
cover ? Is it merely the exploring parties ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir, it says so,
Mr. HARLAN. That is evidently right.
Mr. EDMUNDS. "Engineering and sur-
veying parties" might cover almost an army.
They will all belong to the engineers or sur-
veyors, I am afraid.
