1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
such as may be collected and remain upon the res-
ervation."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to further amend
by addiug the following :
Provided. That the sum of $5,000 appropriated by
act of May 29.1872, for the erection of a building at
New Boggy depot, Indian territory, to be used as
an office for the Indian agent for the Choctaw and
Chickasaw Indians, may be med either for the erec-
tion or the purchase, at the discretion of the Sec-
retary of tbe Interior, of buildings for agency
purposes at the place designated.
I offer this amendment because it is found
that a building necessary for the purpose can
be more cheaply purchased than one can be
built. The appropriation for this purpose was
made last year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TAFFE. I move to further amend the
bill by adding to the amendment last adopted
the following :
Provided further. That the several appropriations
herein made for teachers, millers, blacksmiths, en-
gineers, carpenters, physicians, and for other per-
sons, and for various articles provided for by treaty
stipulations, may be diverted to other uses for the
benefit of the various Indian tribes within the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Interior, and with
tbe consent of said tribes expressed in the usual
manner.
Mr. SARGENT. I think there is no objec-
tion to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the commit-
tee now rise and report this bill with the
amendments to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Dawes reported that, pursuant to order of
the House, the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under con-
sideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly the special order, being House bill No.
2989, making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
varions Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1874, and for other purposes; had made
sundry amendments thereto, and had instructed
him to report the same back to the House with
a recommendation that the amendments be
coucurred in and the bill passed.
Mr. SARGENT. I call the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the amendments reported
from the Committee of the Whole were con-
curred in.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Upon that ques-
tion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 43, not
voting 86 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barber. Barry, Be vendue,
Biggs, Bingham, James G. Blair, Boles, Buffinton,
Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Koderick j
R. Butler, Conger, Cotton, Cox, Crocker, Dawes,
Dickey, Don nan, Du Bose, Duell, Dunnell, Eames,
Eldredge, Esty, Finkelnburg, Forker, Charles Fos-
ter, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Griffith, Hale,
Halsey, Harmer, George E. Harris, John B. Hawley,
Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazelton, Hill,
Hoar, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham, Kil-
linger, Lamison, Lamport, Lowe, Maynard, Mc-
Crary, McGrew, McJunkin, McKee, Merriam, Mer-
rick, Monroe, Moore, Morey, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Niblack, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer,
Hosoa W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton,
Perry, Peters, Piatt, Porter, Ellis II. Roberts, John
Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Sheldon,
Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shoemaker, H. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Speer, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell,
Sypher, Taffe, Washington Townsend, Turner,
Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Waldron, Wal-
laoe, Walls, Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard,
Williams of Indiana, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Erasmus
W. Bock, James B. Beck, Bird. Braxton, Bright,
Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Dodds, Dox, Duke,
Geti, Giddings, H&ncook, Handley, Hanks, Herndon,
llibbard, Holman, Kerr, King, Lewis, Manson, Mc-
Clelland, McHenry, Mclntyre, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Morgan. Price, Randall, Read, John M. Rice, Wil-
liam R. Roberts, Robinson, Sion H. Rogers, Storm,
Terry, Vaughan, Whitthorne, and Young—43.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Averill,
Banks, Barnum, Beatty, Bell, Bigby, Austin Blair,
Boarman, Brooks, Buckley, Caldwell, Campboll,
Carroll, Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan, Comingo,
Conner, Creely, Darrall, Davis, De Large, Elliott,
Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell, Henry D. Foster, Garrett,
Golladay, Goodrich, llaldeman, Hambleton, Har-
per, John T. Harris, Havens, Hays, John W. Ha-
lelton, Hereford, Hooper, Kendall, Kinsella, Lan-
sing, Leach, Lynch, Marshall, McCormick, McKin-
ney, McNeely, Mitchell, Negley, Perce, Poland,
Potter, Prindle. Rainey, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie,
Roosevelt, Rusk, Seeley, Sessions, Shober, Slater,
Slocum, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Sny-
der, St. John, Sutherrand, Swann, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend.Tuthill.Van Trump, Voorhees, Waddell,
Walden, Wells, Williams of New York, John T.
Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—86.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BRAXTON said: My colleague from
Virginia, Mr. Harris, is confined to his room
to-day by sickness.
The resnlt of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message fbom tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
| one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment the bill (H.
i R. No. 2291) for the relief ofEdmund Jussen.
| The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the resolution of the House
providing for an adjournment of both Houses
of Congress on Friday, the 20th instant, till
the 6th of January next.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the com-
mittee had examined and found truly enrolled
a bill of the following title; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 819) authorizing the con-
struction of railroad bridges across the Mobile
river and other navigable streams tributary to
Mobile bay, in accordance with the acts of the
Legislature of the State of Alabama, and to
establish them as post roads.
leave of absence.
Mr. Bird, by unanimous consent, obtained
!I leave of absence for nine days; and Mr.
' Caldwell, till the first Monday in January.
Mr. Vaughan, by unanimous consent, ob
tained indefinite leave of absence on account
of family affliction.
adjournment over.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that when the
House adjourns to-morrow it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
The motion was not agreed to; there being—
ayes 67, noes 72.
sunken wreck oil sandy hook.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I ask that the
House, by unanimous consent, take up for con-
sideration the amendment of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 3124) to provide for the removal
of the sunken wreck which now obstructs the
channel-way off Sandy Hook.
Mr. CONGER. I object to taking up that
bill for consideration now.
Mr. COX. I hope that the gentleman will
withdraw his objection, so that we may have a
conference with the Senate upon the bill.
Mr. CONGER. I have no objection to
taking up the amendment for the purpose of
non-concurrence.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move, then, that
the House non-concur In the amendment of
the Senate and ask a conference.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. GARFIELD,
of Ohio, (at four o'clock p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of James
J. Everitt, for pension.
By Mr. BRAXTON: The petition of R.
Johnston, administrator of Ambrose Vasse,
deceased, asking to be indemnified for dep-
redations committed by armed vessels of
France during the years 1793 and 1801.
By Mr. COTTON: The petition of Iowa
soldiers, asking modification of homestead
law of June 8, 1872.
By Mr. LYNCH: The memorial of Emilia
A. Bangs, of Gorham, Maine, praying that
provisions maybe made for payment of claims
on account of French spoliations.
Also, the petition of John Neal, of Portland,
Maine, on tne same subject.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition of David
j B. Champion, late private company A, one
j hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania volun-
i teers, now residing at No. 310 Green street,
I Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, for an increase of
pension from fifteen to eighteen dollars per
month, under act approved June 8, 1872, &c.
By Mr. PLATT: The petition of Hon. John
C. Underwood, James S. French and others, a
committee from the Board of Aldermen of the
city of Alexandria, Virginia, for the removal
of the Naval Academy from Annapolis to Alex-
andria.
By Mr. ROGERS, of North Carolina: The
memorial and petition of Virginia Thorp,
Sarah A. Blount and others, praying the pass-
age by Congress of an act fbr the payment of
the French spoliation claims.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of
Benjamin H. Conner and C. W. Mackelfres'u,
relative to French spoliation.
By Mr. WADDELL: The petition of Louis
J. Larbarbe, for himself and coheirs of Louis
Leroy, as French spoliation claimants.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 12, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
enrolled bills signed.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills, which had previously re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker of the
House of Representatives:
A bill (H. R. No. 301) to authorize the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
settle with F. M. Cordeiro ;
A bill (H. R. No. 827J to authorize the con-
struction of bridges across the Ohio river, and
to prescribe the dimensions of the same ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1779) for the relief of
Samuel Hitchcock ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2568) for the relief of
John Black, late consul of the United States
at the city of Mexico.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petition
of W. Allston Gibbes and others, the petition
of Eben Coffin, and the petition of G. M.
Walker, citizens of South Carolina, praying
to be indemnified for spoliations committed
by the French prior to the year 1801 ; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
E. P. Clark, grandson of Ebenezer Eliason.
deceased, and for the coheirs of J. M. Clark,
