2068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. " Engineering
and surveying parties connected with the
roaa, ' of course it means.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They pay the cost of
the articles where delivered. There cannot be
any great abuse of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is an abuse that* the
Senator from. Illinois himself, I believe,
assisted last year to cut up, in respect to issu-
ing this sort of thing to this same sort of ex-
ploring parties for any railroad or anything
else, and within a year we passed a law to pro-
hibit it because it was abused.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It did not occur to me
that there would be much abuse of it, the
being required to be paid.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. These people
are out on the frontier and it is pretty diffi-
cult for the Government to protect them. So
far as the arms are concerned, they are to pro-
tect themselves against Indian hostilities.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
SOUTHERN CLAIMS.
Mr. DAVIS. There are one thousand per-
sons interested in this bill before us; the
amount is small, and I cannot give way fur-
ther. Let us go on with it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope not. This bill will
have to go back to the House, as there are
some amendments offered by the committee
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Michigan moves that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to make a sug-
gestion if there is no objection to it. We
have now been here for sixteen hours and a
half; and we have passed all the appropria-
tion bills, so that they are pending in con-
ference committees, except the deficiency bill,
which is not here; but the Committee on
Appropriations can look over the deficiency
bill to-night or to-morrow morning, that is to
say, Saturday night and Sunday morning, and
v/e can have a rest until Sunday evening at
six^ o'clock, and they can then report the
deficiency bill. This bill is now up, and while
we are looking at the deficiency bill, this bill
can be read and passed, and then we can take
up and pass the deficiency bill and dispose of
the_ conference reports that may be presented,
and we shall have all day Monday. But to
stay up here all this night until daylight, with
the expectation that we are going to do any-
thing to-morrow night, that is to say, Sunday
night, or to meet before eleven o'clock on
Monday morning, will be a delusion, and none
of us will be fit for business ; whereas if we
now go home and have the morning and all
day, and so much of the night to-morrow as
we require, we shall be able to get through.
I do not make this suggestion in any hos-
tility to the bill, because so far as I know I
expect to vote for it. Mr. President, I move
that the Senate now take a recess for that
number of hours which will carry us to what
is known in the outside world as seven o'clock
on Sunday evening.
Mr. STEWART. Let me make a sugges-
tion. It is now half past three o'clock, and at
six o'clock it will be daylight and we can go
home safely. It is dark now and inconvenient
to go home ; we shall be struggling and falling
about. Let us work on for three hours and
then we shall have all day to sleeD.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. SPENCER. I beg leave to make a
Suggestion.
Ihs PRESIDING OFFICER, The motion
to take a recess is in order at any time and
must be decided without debate.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg leave to ask a question.
I desire to inquire whether or not I shall be
permitted to pall up a bill ? I have been rather
backward this session; I have not asked to
call up a bill during the session. It will not
take five minutes before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What bill is i! ?
Mr. LOGAN. A bill for a bridge across
the Mississippi river. It is agreed on by all
parties and reported by the committee; it will
not take five minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does it contain the usual
limitations 1
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir; everything is
agreed on by the parties on both sides of the
river.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I will
state to the honorable Senator from Illinois
that if that is the bill in which the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Blair] feels a concern,
he requested me when he left the Senate to
object to it in his behalf.
Mr. LOGAN. To object to the passage of
the bill?
Mr, HAMILTON, of Maryland. If it is
the bill to construct a bridge across the Mis-
sissippi river at St. Louis, he told me he could
not remain here and asked me to object.
Mr. LOGAN. I shall certainly not call it
up, then. My understanding was that the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri was
put to it and his consent given. I was told so
by the Representative from there. I do not
press it if there is any objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. He objected to any
bridge without a five hundred feet span, and I
was told they had agreed to it. If so, it is
satisfactory.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Then I
do not object to it.
Mr. LOGAN. I will not call it up now
under the circumstances.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will take probably
nearly an hour to read this claims bill. I
would make the suggestion that, by unanimous
consent, we agree that nothing shall be done
at this session until the reading of this bill,
and as soon as it is read through that a recess
shall be taken extending until seven o'clock
to-morrow evening, and then it will not com-
pel us all to stay here to hear it read.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let the bill be read
and passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow it to be read
through, We cannot pass it unless we are
here. That will enable Senators to retire
without staying here all night.
Mr. STEWART. I do not see why we can-
not get all the business done that is necessary
so that we can adjourn to Monday morning
when we do adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is objection to
my proposition, I have no more to say. Then
I shall vote for the recess.
Mr. DAVIS. I think we had better pro-
ceed with the bill before the Senate, and then
we can, as I understand, adjourn until nine
o'clock Monday morning and not have to
come back here on Sunday night at all.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to remind the Sen-
ate of what I consider to be a fair understand-
ing, -that as soon as the appropriation bills
were disposed of the Committee 011 Pensions
should have an hour, or if necessary an hour
and a half, to consider some fifty-five or sixty
private pension bills.
Mr. TRUMBULL. House bills?
Mr. PRATT. House bills that the com-
mitteehave devoted the whole of this session
to patient and careful cousideration of, and
the bills must entirely fail and fall to the
ground unless this short period of time is
vouchsafed to the committee.
I desire to add a word further. While other
Senators were enjoying themselves during the
holidays in their homes I for one remained
here patiently at work examining all these I
cases which were in the natureof appeals from
the decision of the Commissioner of Pensions,
and my work is all here now upon the Calen-
dar. We have sifted the true from the false.
There is no doubt about the merit of everyone
of these cases, and it will be a great hardship,
it will be a crime, if this Congress shall ad-
journ without passing upon these bills. An
hour or an hour and a half at most will dispose
of every one of them, and will carry comfort
into many a household.
I therefore earnestly entreat the Senate to
allow me to take up these bills just as soon as
the pending bill is disposed of.
Mr. WILSON. We had better dispose of
this, and then we shall all agree to that.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
agree to the suggestion of the Senator from
Indiana, and pass the bills as they stand on
the Calendar. Now I make that motion, that
all the bills on the Calendar from the Commit-
tee on Pensions be acted upon in gross.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Rhode Island moves to postpone the
pending order for the purpose of proceeding
to the Calendar.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I call for the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing of the bill will proceed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought the regular
order was my motion to take a recess.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The chair
understood the Senator to withdraw that mo-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then all
these proceedings have been out of order.
The Senator from Vermont has moved to take
a recess; for what time ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. For that number of hours
which will take us to seven o'clock Sunday
evening.
Mr. DAVIS. I suggest to the Senator from
Vermont that if we read this bill through we
can then adjourn to Monday morning.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannot with any
safety.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say a
word on this question of taking a recess. I
will take occasion to say that the committee
appointed by the order of the Senate to con-
sider a communication from the House of
Representatives, having attended to that duty
and submitted their report, feel that that duty
has been performed, and although they do
not hold themselves in the light of prose
cutors, still deem it their duty to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that the report
lies upon their table, and having done that
they will await such action of the Senate as in
its judgment is desirable.
I make this statement, Mr. President, in
order to relieve myself from any possible duty
that may be devolved upon me as the organ
of the committee.
Mr. CONKLING. What did the Senator
suggest? We did not hear him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Alaine. I have done
this much in order to relieve myself of any
supposed duty that might devolve on me as
the organ of the committee, leaving the mat-
ter with the Senate for its action.
Mr. IRUMBULL. What does the Senator
propose?
Mr. HAMLIN. I would make a suggestion
to my colleague. This is a matter of deep
importance to the Senator implicated, and if
it shall be the sense of the Senate to give the
resolution to which my colleague has referred
a consideration, it should be done at a time
when there can be a proper discussion and
presentation of the case. To consider it at a
time when there are conflicting questions, when
reports of conference committees upon im-
portant bills are being made, would be a period
of time when justice could hardly be done to
