1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
145
thirty-odd thousand dollars. It was believed
that if a plan could be devised to dispense
with assessors, we might save all, or nearly
all, of this sum of money paid to them. After
a careful examination, the Commissioner con-
cluded that a portion of the duties still left by
law to be performed by the assessors could be
performed at the office here, and those duties
are classified and named in the second section
of this bill; and that the other duties now de-
volving upon assessors might properly be per-
formed by the collectors. The bill now before
the Senate is the result of a careful examina-
tion of the subject by the Internal Revenue
Bureau, and has been framed there with a
view to carry the Commissioner's idea into
effect, so that all the assessors and assistant
assessors may be mustered out of office, leaving
their duties to be performed by the office
here and by the collectors ofinternal revenue.
The bill was carefully examined in the
House of Representatives, passed the House,
has been carefully examined in the Committee
on Finance, and we are unanimously of the
opinion that the bill is a practicable measure ;
that these duties can be performed after the
discharge of the assessors and assistant asses-
sors, and the result will be a very great saving
of public money.
The reduction of districts, according to the
estimate of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. under the bill of last session would re-
duce the expenses about $1,000,000. This
bill will reduce the expenses between two and
two and a half millions. Although the num-
ber of districts would be reduced greatly under
the present law, the great body of the expenses
would be retained. The number of assistant
assessors under the law being left at the dis-
cretion of the department, and the pay of the
collectors depending mainly upon commis-
sions, the reduction of the number of districts
did not necessarily decrease the expenses of
collection, although it would do so in many
cases, because the percentage of commissions
decreases in proportion to the amount col-
lected. If this bill passes, therefore, and
should prove to be a practicable bill, as I be-
lieve it will, it will probably save to the Gov-
ernment about two and a half millions of
expenses in the cpllection of the internal
revenue.
The amendments proposed by the Commit-
tee on Finance are mainly in aid of the bill,
and have all been suggested or concurred in
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
The only amendment that would be likely to
give rise to a difference of opinion is that
which increases the number of revenue agents.
The Commissioner asked the House of Rep-
resentatives to double the number of revenue
agents. The law now allows him twenty-five.
The House hesitated to make any increase in
the number of these officers and struck that
clause out; but, after hearing the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, the Committee on
Finance became perfectly satisfied that at any
rate while this process of transferring the
duties of assessors to collectors was going on
additional revenue agents were indispensably
necessary; that it would probably be neces-
sary to have in every office at the time the
transfer is made one of these experienced
officers, to be selected from the officers to be
mustered out of the service. The Committee
on Finance, therefore, reported an amend-
ment allowing the Commissioner for one year
the addition he requires to the tmmber of rev-
enue agents. If at the end of one year, after
the assessors are all mustered out, everything
goeh on smoothty and these additional officers
are not needed, as a matter of course they will
not be provided for further. The amendment
confines this increase to one year from the
1st of July next.
I believe I have stated all the facts that are
necessary to an understanding of the case.
The Commissioner's statements and recom-
mendations are before me ; but it isnotneces-
42D Coxo. :iD SESS.—No. 10.
sary for me to explain them further, and I
suppose the bill has attracted the attention of
the Senate and Senators generally are familiar
with it.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I observe
that this bill dispenses with the services of a
certain number of assessors and assistant
assessors. I should like to know whether the
committee have given their attention to the
question of dispensing with more or less of
the collectors. The collectors, as I see, by this
bill are left according to their present number.
Now, many persons with whom I have con-
ferred who are familiar with the operation of
the internal revenue system assure me that
it can be conducted now with a much fewer
number of collectors ; in short, that the re-
duction may be extended not only to the
assessors but to the collectors. Indeed, some
have gone so far as to suggest that we can very
soon get along with only one collector in a
State, certainly that we can now with a re-
duced number.
The question to which I would call the atten-
tion of my friend from Ohio is whether the
committee have taken that point into consid-
eration, whether they have considered the
practicability of reducing the number of col-
lectors as well as the number of assessors.
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly the com-
mittee took that into consideration, and that
wasone objection made to carrying into execu-
tion the plan proposed at the last session. If
there was but one collector in the State of
Massachusetts, who would naturally reside in
Boston, that would compel every grocery-
keeper, every person who sold tobacco, who
sold spirits—if there are any such in Massa-
chusetts—every banker and broker, every per-
son who pays a special tax, to go to Boston
to get his license. The number of collectors
(two hundred and thirty) that will be left is
small enough. The number of collectors does
not fix the amount of expense. Eighty col-
lectors under our law would cost nearly as
much as two hundred and thirty collectors,
because they are paid mainly by fees, and their
fees diminish somewhat in proportion to the
amount they collect. But take the State of
Iowa, for instance—a very large State—-it has,
I believe, under the new law six or seven dis-
tricts, and there would be eight or ten or
twelve counties in a district, so that even now
! it is very inconvenient for persons who are
compelled to pay special taxes to go to the
collector to get their license and stamps.
We do not propose to increase the number,
though I think in certain States where the pop-
ulation is very sparse it might be very con-
venient and better to increase the number of
collectors. The number certainly cannot well
be diminished except in the cities. I think in
the city of New York and in any city they
might do with one collector instead of many.
But we thought it would not be wise to lessen
the number where the extent of territory em-
braced is already large, because it would put
the citizens who pay special taxes to very
great inconvenience.
Besides, take the case of distillers. Dis-
tillers are compelled to pay very large taxes;
there are some distillers in my State that pay
$100,000 a month. As a matter of course
they must have facilities to get stamps near at
hand. It is not wise, therefore, to consolidate
the districts. Great difficulty was found in
effecting the consolidation of districts by
removing the collector too far from the scene
of operations, and taking him so far away that
be would not have a personal inspection of
the operations of the law.
Mr. SUMNER. I had the honor of intro-
ducing a bill—I think it was a year ago—pro-
viding for the reduction of the number of
assessors and collectors, and contemplating
the raising of our internal revenue chiefly if
not exclusively by stamps.
Mr. SHERMAN. All taxes are now paid
by stamps.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes; but I now come to
the practical point to which I wish to direct the
attention of my friend. It is whether, if the
revenue is raised by stamps, that does not,
supersede the necessity of collectors. A stamp
duty, as it were, collects itself. It would re-
quire only on the part of the Government the
establishment of certain agencies, it may be
at the post offices, for the sale of the stamps.
The stamps once sold, the tax is practically
cellected without the intervention of an office
of collection. It seems to me that plan sim-
plifies our system ofinternal revenue, and, so
far as I can understand, it does supersede the
necessity of these offices of collectors. I do
not speak with great confidence about this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts will allow me I will
explain.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. He does not
seem to remember a certain portion of the bill
which provides that these stamps are paid for
by the sellers of tobacco and spirits, and they
are to put up a certificate in their place of
business that they have paid the stamp duty
to the Government. Now, a certain share of
the persons who deal in spirituous liquors and
tobacco will voluntarily come forward and pay
their tax and put this certificate in a proper
place, as required by law ; but there is a large
portion who will not come forward. It is
therefore necessary to have some officer to go
around through the country and through the
cities, from door to door, to see that every
man who ought to pay has got the proper
certificate posted up in his place of business.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand my friend
as saying—for he knows that I defer to him
on such questions—that in his judgment it is
necessary to keep the office of collector accord-
ing to the present system in order to accom-
plish that result?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Undoubt-
edly, for otherwise you leave it to the option
of the liquor sellers and sellers of tobacco to
pay or not pay, as they may please.
I Mr. SUMNER. But cannot that be com-
mitted to one or more collectors in a State?
I Is it necessary to have all the present officers?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It would be
j impossible for one man to traverse the whole
j State of New York. It would be impossible
j for one man to traverse the whole city of New
York, or even Philadelphia or Boston.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It would be certainly
quite impossible for a collector to visit all the
streets and houses in the city of New York.
That is impracticable, as the Senator from
Vermont says, but I understand that this is
done by deputy collectors. Each collector has
many deputies.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But he has
to pay them out of bis own fees that he gets.
No matter whether he does it by himself or by
deputy, lie pays for it himself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But this physical labor,
if I may so speak, is performed by the depu-
ties ; the collector does not go around, and
cannot go over the State of New York or
Massachusetts. We have been trying for sev-
eral years to reduce the number of officers
under this internal revenue system. This bill
is entitled "An act for the reduction of officers
and expenses of the internal revenue," an
object in which of course every one sympa-
thizes ; and we have been trying to accom-
plish this for several years. Nearly three
years ago, when Congress repealed most of the
internal revenue taxes which originally were
imposed upon several hundred articles, such
an attempt was made. Of course it took
many more officers to collect taxes on several
hundred articles than it would on a few, and
when we abolished the internal revenue tax
upon most of those articles, I think nearly
three years ago, we authorized and directed
the department having charge of this matter
to consolidate the collection districts in the
