1:878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Is there any
other appropriation bill ready immediately
after ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; I am
advised by the chairman of the committee that
the naval appropriation bill is also ready.
Mr. CON JELLING. And the fortification
bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The fortifica-
tion bill is a trifle that can be taken up and
passed as soon as it is read.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Iagree with the
Senator from Vermont that it is very import-
ant that this bill relative to the Geneva award
should be acted upon. It will take a long
time to investigate those claims, and it cer-
tainly ought to be acted upon at the present
session of Congress. The bill has been very
carefully considered in the Committee on the
Judiciary, several meetings had over it, and I
think it will commend itself to a majority of
the Senate without much debate, and perhaps
might be disposed of this afternoon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont to proceed to the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 1203) creating a commission to
adjust the compensation of the several claim-
ants for damages and for depredations by
rebel cruisers, to be discharged out of the in-
demnity fund awarded by the tribunal of arbi-
tration at Geneva to be paid by Great Britain
to the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 30 ; as follows :
Y E AS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Chandler, Clay-
ton, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry
ot' Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Hill, Hitchcock, Pool,
Ramsey.Spencer,Stewart,Thurman, and Wright—17.
NAYS—Messrs.Boreman, Buckingham, Cameron,
C.ipserly, Cole, Conkling, Cooper, Corbett, l)avis,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan, Johnston, Maehen, Morrill ot Maine,
Norwood, Nye, Pratt, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer,
S-hurz, Scott, Sprague, Stevenson, Tipton, Vickers,
Wilson, and "Wmdom—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low, Caldwell. Carpenter.Fenton,Flanagan,Gilbert,
llamlin, Howe, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ran-
som, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stockton, Sumner, Trum-
bull, and West—26
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
(tl. R. No. 3258) making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic service of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1874,
and for other purposes.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, in view of
the expression of the Senate just given by its
vote, I hardiy deem it proper to antagonize
the motion of the Senator from Maine with a
motion that I intended to make to-day to take
up the bill for the repeal of the bankrupt law.
It will be remembered that someday last week
I gave notice that I should move to-day to take
up that bill. I see by the expression just
given here that many of the friends of the
proposition to repeal the bankrupt law are in
favor of proceeding with the appropriation
bills, and I could therefore hardly hope that
a motion which would antagonize the motion
of the Senator from Maine would be success-
ful. But I call the attention of the Senate to
the matter at this time for the reason that I
want to keep it before the Senate, as I propose
to press that measure at the very earliest mo-
meut ; and therefore, unless the friends of the
measure may deem it advisable to antagonize
the motion of the Senator from Maine, I shall
not press the motion, but propose to do it as
soonas this appropriation bill is outoftheway.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.^ The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator trom
Maine to proceed to the consideration of the
bill (H. Ii. No. 3258) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic service of
the Government for the year June 30, 18/4,
and for other purposes. .
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator from Maine
had not made the motion he has, I had in-
tended to call up the bill (S. No. 341) to
reduce the rates of correspondence by tele-
graph, and to connect the telegraph with the
postal service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Maine.
The motion was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL VESSELS OF WAR.
Mi- CRAGIN. I ask consent to make a
report from a committee of conference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the report will be received.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does my friend from
Maine think the appropriation bill which he
has now got up can wait long enough to have
this report read and considered?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it
might under the assurance of my friend from
New Hampshire that the report will take but
a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my friend will
remember that.
Mr. CRAGIN submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of tho two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 3010) to authorize the
construction of six steam vessels of war, and for
other purposes, having met, after full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses as follows :
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate and agree to the same
with the following amendments:
In line thirty-six strike out the word " ten " and
insert "eight."
Inline forty-one strike out the word'Hen" and
insert "eight."
In line forty-three, after the word exceed,
strike out the words "four millions" and insert
" $3,200,000."
Also, after the word "that," in the same line, strike
out "a portion" and insert " four."
In line fifty-five, after the word "Government,
strike out the remainder of the section and insert
" in either case furnishing such materials as may be
deemed practicable by the Secretary of the Navy."
The title of the bill to be so changed as to read :
"An act to authorize theconstruction of eight steam
vessels of war, and for other purposes."
And the Senate agree to the same.
A. H. CRAGIN.
LOT M. MORRILL,
T. F. BAYARD,
Managers on thepart of the Senate.
G. W. SCOFIELD,
EUGENE HALE,
SAMUEL J. RANDALL,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions :
A bill (H. R. No. 1444) granting a pension
to Susan Davis, dependent mother of William
W. Davis, deceased, late a private in company
E one hundred and third regiment Penn-
sylvania infantry volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1619) granting a pension
to Benjamin F. Berkley;
A bill (H. B. No. 1800) granting a pension
to Samuel Shuler, late a private in company
E sixty-first regiment Pennsylvania infantry
volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 2577) granting a pension
to Elizabeth J. Ewing, of Sparta, Illinois;
A bill (II. R. No. 3349) to amend an act
entitled "An act for the relief of Lieutenant
Herman Tuerk,"approved February 25, 1863;
A bill (H. R. No. 3589) granting a pension
to Mary E. Grosvenor ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3795) iu amendment of
an act granting pensions to the survivors of
the war of 1812, approved February 14, 1871,
and for other purposes;
A bill (II. R. No. 3790) granting a pension
to Emily Booth;
A bill (H. R. No. 3797) granting a pension
to Ada Lois Harrison ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3798) granting a pension
to James A. Sanders ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3799) granting a pension
to Antoine Brossa;
A bill (H. R. No. 3800) granting a pension
to Job S. Goff;
A bill (H. R. No. 3801) granting a pension
to Mary E. ^Foster;
A bill (H. R. No. 3802) granting a pension
to Obadiah Whiston;
A bill (H. R. No. 3803) granting a pension
to James C. Bates, of Indiana;
A bill (H. R. No. 3805) granting a pension
to Martha Tillotson;
A bill (H. R. No. 3807) granting a pension
to William D: Tomlinson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3815) granting a pension
to James P. Rader;
A bill (*H. R. No. 3808) granting a pension
to Chancy J. Poore ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3809) granting a pension
to Henry H. Kaiser;
A bill (H. R. No. 3810) granting a pension
to Anderson W. Scott;
A bill (H. R. No. 3811) granting a pension
to James McKeah;
A bill (H. R. No. 3812) granting a pension
to Ann Woods;
A bill (H. R. No. 3813) granting a pension
to Samuel Barnett;
A bill (H. R. No. 3806) granting a pension
to Millie A. Powell;
A bill (II. R. No. 3814) granting a pension
to Samuel R. Allen;
A bill (H. R. No. 3823) granting a pension
to Margaret Conyers;
A bill (H. R. No. 3817) granting a pension
to George W. Bradley ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3818) granting a pension
to Harriet W. Wilkinson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3819) granting a pension
to Thomas Smith ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3820) granting a pension
to Thomas R. Hardwick;
A bill (H. R. No. 3821) granting a pension
to Mary Mullins;
A bill (H. R. No. 2138) granting a pension
to Zenas Bradley, of Allen, Alleghany county,
New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 3160) granting a pension
to Aaron B. Hughes, late a musician in com-
pany E one hundred and third regiment Penn-
sylvania volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 3826) granting a pension
to Maria D. C. Bache ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3827) granting a pension
to Ann Hensley;
A bill (H. R. No. 3829) granting a pension
to Leta Gibbs, and Lucinda Gibbs ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3830) granting an increase
of pension to Maria Louisa Craven ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3831) granting a pension
to Ellen Collins;
A bill (H. R. No. 3832) granting a pension
to Durant T. Hunt;
A bill (H. R. No. 3833) increasing the pen-
sion of Helen M. Stansbury ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3834) granting a pension
to Rosana Allison ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3835) granting a pension
to William H. Nunamaker;
A bill (H. R. No. 3836) granting a pension
to Laura Baker;
A bill (H. R. No. 3837) granting a pension
to Minerva McFadden;
A bill (H. R. No. 3838) granting a pension
to Ellen M. Cummings;
A bill (H. R. No. 3839) granting a pension
to Rosa F. Morsell;
A bill (H. R. No. 3840) granting a pension
to Susan E. Alger;
A bill (H. R. No. 3841) granting a pension
to Harper Smith;
A bill (H. R. No. 3842) granting a pension
to Mary Haag ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3843) granting a pension
to Martha Gallaher, widow of William A.
Gallaher, deceased, late a private in com-
pany G one hundred and thirty-fourth regiment
Pennsylvania volunteers; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3828) to amend an act
for the relief of Charles M. Pott.
The bill (H. R. No. 3824) granting a pension
