146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
United States as rapidly as the public service
would permit. But under that law very few
were consolidated, I think not more than
halt" a dozen, although nine tenths and per-
haps ninety-nine hundredths of the objects of
taxation under the original law were entirely
relieved from taxation.
At the last session of Congress we passed a
!>i!l again to consolidate and reduce the num-
ber of collection districts. That is now the
law. The Senator from Ohio speaks of this
bill as reducing the number of officers. If he
is correct I do not understand the present law.
I understand that the present law provides for
several hundred less officers than the bill now
pending, although the bill pending declares
that it is " for the reduction of officers and ex-
penses of the internaj revenue." The pres-
ent law declares :
"That prior to the 1st day of January, 18T3, it
?hall be the duty of the President, and he is hereby
authorized and directed, to reduce the internal rev-
enue districts in the United States to not exceeding
eighty in number."
That would leave eighty collectors and
eighty assessors, which would be one hundred
and sixty. Now we have of collectors, as I
understand frcm the Senator from Ohio, about
two hundred and thirty, but I suppose the law
is in force which authorizes a collector in each
congressional district. The congressional dis-
tricts have been increased to nearly threehun-
dred, over two huudred and ninety ; and does
not the pending bill, if it becomes a law,
authorize the appointment of a collector in
each congressional district?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator stated a
while ago that there were but few consolida-
tions ; but there were some. The number of
districts, I think, before the recent law was
between two hundred and forty and two hun-
dred and fifty—two hundred and fifty-three,
the Senator from New York [Mr. Coxklixg]
suggests to me. The number of assessors and
■ collectors now is two hundred and thirty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The number of con-
gressional districts under the old apportion-
ment 1 think was two hundred and forty-one.
Mr. SHERMAN. That number was in-
creased from time to time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; it was not two
huudred and forty-one originally.
Mr. SHERMAN. But there were the Terri-
tories to be provided for.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would make the
number about two hundred and fifty, very
likely.
Mr. SHERMAN. The number now is 230.
It is true the number of assessors and collectors
under section forty-three of the act of Jane 6,
1872, to which the Senator refers, would be
only twice eighty, that is 160, while there are
now 230 of each, making 460, and the reduc-
tion would be very great; but the Senator will
perceive that the law does not muster out all
the assistant assessors. There are now over
thirteen hundred assistant assessors, and the
cost of assistant assessors is greater than the
cost of assessors. The total amount is given
in the report of the Fifth Auditor. The total
number of officers who will be mustered out
by this bill is two hundred and thirty assessors
and thirteen hundred and forty or fifty assist-
ant assessors. The old act would muster out
peremptorily about three hundred officers, one
hundred and fiftjr collectors, and one hundred
and fifty assessors, because it reduces the two
hundred and thirty districts to eighty, and there
would be two officers in each district. Conse-
quently, just three hundred officers would be
mustered out peremptorily by the act to which
the Senator has referred, and then it would
leave the number of assistant assessors to the
discretion of the department.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it were left in the
discretion of the department, of course the
department would dispense with all that were
unnecessary. But is the Senator from Ohio
correct when he says the present law leaves
in all the assistant assessors? Would not all
the assistant assessors attached to the office
of the assessor which was abolished go out
with that officer? It would only leave the
assistants of the eighty retaiued, whoever they
were. It might be necessary to increase them.
I do not know how that would be; but that
would all be in the discretion, certainly, of the
department. An assessor has no authority
now to appoint assistant assessors ad libitum.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, the
assistant assessors are appointed by the Gov-
ernment, and the expenses paid by the Gov-
ernment now under the existing law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it is entirely
under the control of the Government, is it
not?
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me state one fact to
the Senator. In his own State of Illinois
there are about one hundred counties perhaps.
Mr. TRUMBULL. One hundred and two.
Mr. SHERMAN. It now has about seven-
teen or eighteen districts.
Mr. TRUMBULL,
it has but thirteen.
Mr. SHERMAN,
should be reduced to
Under the present law
Suppose
five;
the number
a matter of
course the assessors would be reduced to five;
but there would be the necessity of having an
assistant assessor in each county in the State
of Illinois. We could not very well get along
without them, and therefore it would be re-
ducing the number of assessors without reduc-
ing the number of assistant assessors ; and
there was one of the difficulties in the practical
execution of this law. While it did strike off
the heads of a number of assessors and col-
lectors, it did not diminish the necessity for
local officers in every county and community
in the United States. It is true the number
might be reduced in many cases, but as long
as we maintain special taxes on liquor dealers,
tobacco dealers, and banks and bankers, there
will be the necessity of having one officer at
least in every county of any population.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I confess my inability
to understand how it is that this bill now pend-
ing is going to reduce the number of officers,
because if the assistant assessors are n ecessary,
as the Senator from Ohio seems to suppose,
under the act that we passed last year, and
that came from the Finance Committee, why
are they not necessary still? That commit-
tee reported that act. They thought then we
could get along with eighty districts, or else
certainly they would not have recommended
the bill to the Senate, and the Senate would
not have passed it. The Senator from Ohio
now proposes to dispense with every one of
the assistant assessors. I do not see how
that is.
Mr. SHERMAN. If so astute a gentleman
as the Senator from Illinois had been willing
to read the bill he would have seen that the
duties are still to be executed, but by another
class of officers, who are necessarily retained ;
that is, the assistant collectors, and the assist-
ant collectors are paid by the collectors, and
not by the Government, and the number of
assistant collectors is not increased, nor doe3
it depend on the will of the Government. The
duties required by the act of last year are still
to be performed, a part of those duties here at
Washington, but the great body of them, the
local duties, are to be performed by the assist-
ant collectors.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I now understand
the Senator to say that the number of col-
lectors is not increased by this bill ? Does not
this bill provide that the number of collectors
shall be equal to the present number of Rep-
resentatives?
Mr. SHERMAN. The number of collectors
will be at the discretion of the department,
not exceeding the number of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then they may be in-
creased up t,o the number of Representatives.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, and they may be
decreased ; and I have no doubt the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, who by this bill
shows his earnest desire to reduce the number
of officers and the expenses of the service, will
be just as anxious as we are to reduce the
number as much as possible, and under the
existing law there is no difficulty in doing it.
The only question will be in each particular
case whether it is wise; whether, under the
circumstances, the public interest will be pro-
moted by it, and as a matter of course we aro
to suppose that the officers of the department
are just as anxious to do their duty as we claim
to be anxious to do ours. I have no doubt
that the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
who will mainly be charged with the execution
of this law, will in cases that are proper con-
solidate the collection districts, although, us
he says himself in his official report, he thinks
it is not wise to reduce the number of the dis-
tricts so that the collector may not be within
a reasonable distance of the home of every one
who is compelled to pay local taxes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not understand
that any attempt has been made to execute
the law of June last. The Senator from Ohio
does not say that there has been. Cougress
has been trying for three years to reduce the
number of internal revenue officers ; we have
left it to the discretion of the department to
make this reduction; and the reduction
amounts to ten or a dozen, perhaps—I do not
know how many exactly—within the last three
years.
Mr. WILSON. Fifteen hundred, including
assistant assessors.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not aware that
anybody knows how many assistant assessors
there are. They are not the officers that come
before the Senate. They are not appointed
by the President. They are recommended, I
believe, by the assessor himself and confirmed
by the department. We are speaking, how-
ever, of assessors and collectors. We have
been trying to reduce the number of these
officers and we have failed in doiug it. Every-
body sees the propriety of reducing the num-
ber of officers. Congress bas seen it for three
years, and without any effort whatever having
been made to enforce the law of June last,
which reduced these officers to one hundred
and sixty, we now propose to adopt another
bill by which next July a reduction will take
place by abolishing the office of assistant
assessor, and turning the duties performed
hitherto fey assessors over, as I now under-
stand, to assistant collector?.
But it is said that we are not going to pay
these assistant collectors. ' Well, we shall
eventually have to pay them if they are neces
sary officers. We shall have either to increase
the compensation of the collector or to pay
these assistaut collectors directly. You can-
not ask a collector to appoint assistants and
pay them out of his own compensation unless
you increase his compensation. If there is,
then, any duty for an assistant assessor to
perform now, that duty will have to be per-
formed by somebody else, and he will have to
be paid.
Now, it does seem to me that some attempt
ought to be made, at least we should have had
a trial under the act which was passed last
June. I do not know what more lights we
have now than we had then. The Committee
on Finance then were of opinion that we could
reduce these officers throughout the United
States to eighty. Now they propose to have
the number of collectors anywhere up to two
hundred and ninety-odd.
I am in favor of any bill that, has for its
object the reduction of the officers aud ex-
penses of the internal revenue system ; but
when we compare the pending bill with the
law as it is, what I insist upon is that it is no
reduction. We mislead ourselves when we say
it is a reduction. The assistant assessors and
their employes are appointed under the de-
partment, but the number of collectors under
this bill will exceed both the collectors and
assessors under the law as it now stands.
