?fio
H£E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
tii Mrs. Ann 51. Wood, widow of Robert C.
Wood, and daughter qf Zaehary Taylor, late
President of 'the United States, was read
twice by its title.
Mr.STliVENSON. I would be very much
pleased if the Senate would pass that bill at
once. Mrg; "Wood'is the daughter of General
Zaehary Taylor, whose services "are well knqwn
both in a civil and military capacity, and it
becomes me to say a word in regard to it. His
daughter is in extreme poverty. Her neces-
sities compel her to appeal to Congress 'for
relief. The House of Representatives yester-
day by a unanimous vote instantly passed this
bill. It was a just tribute to the distinguished
services of the honored and distinguished
father of this lady. It seems fit and proper,
and the Senate would be violating no'precedent
to pass this bill at this time. I hope it may
be the pleasure of the Senate to do so.
Mr. PRATT. I will inquire of the Senator
from Kentucky, inasmuch as the bill has not
been1 read as yet, what rate of pension is
allowed to Mrs. Wood?
' Mr. STEVENSON. The rate of pension I
believe is fifty dollars a month.
Mri PRATT. When does the pension com-
mence ?
' Mr. HAMLIN. Read the bill.
, Mr- STEVENSON. It is a very short bill.
" The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
I#f>d, . .
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-roll the name of Mrs. Ann M. Wood,
widow of Robert C. Wood, late Assistant Sur-
geon General of the United States Army, and
daughter of Zaehary Taylor, late President of
the United States, at the rata of fifty dollars
a raqnth, to date from the death of her hus-
band, March 28, 1869.
Mr. PRATT, I shall feel constrained to
ask that this: bill take the direction of all other
bills allowing pensions to individuals. I
therefore move its reference to the Committee
Oft Pensious.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
ferred, its it would require unanimous consent
to give it more than one reading to-day.
JANE D. MDMFORD.
Mr. ANTHONY. As the Senate is on the
pension busiuess, I should like to have a bill
recommitted that has been reported adversely.
It is the bill (H. R. No. 2439) granting a pen-
sion to Jane J). Mumford.
Mr. PRATT. I would be glad to inquire
of my friend from Rhode Island on what
ground he seeks the recommittal of that bill.
I wish to say that the Committee on Pensions
experience no difficulty whatever when they
report favorably upon House bills. I never
heard of any motion to recommit such bills;
but we have found occasion frequently to
report unfavorably upon House bills, and
most generally I find that those bills are re-
committed to the committee, and wo are asked
to review our previous decision.
Now, sir, at the time the Senate did me the
honor of making me chairman of the Com-
mittee on Pensions, I found pending in the
committee nearly two hundred House bills:
Some of the members of our committee are
disabled by reason of siekness, and are not able
to attend. Those of us who have been able to
perform duty have devoted our time most as-
siduously to the consideration of all the bills
referred to us. We have made such progress
that we hope to get through with the House
bills at'the present session, but we never shall
be able to do it if the Senate continues to re-
commit bills which have been once acted upon.
It is in the nature of a new trial, and we are
expected to go carefully over the evidence again
and perhaps hear suggestions from the claim-
ant's attorneys.
I hope that unless the Senator is able to
state that the committee has made a mistake,
or that some new evidence has been discov-
ered, the Senate will quit this business of re-
committing every bill that the committee is so
unfortunate as to report against.
Mr. ANTHONY. I quite agree with my
friend from Indiana, but he must grant me
this act of grace. There is something in this
bill that I think the committee at least ought
to hear that they have not heard, and I will
guarantee that it will not take ten minutes of
their time, and if the committee think then
that the report already made is correct, I shall
make no further opposition.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator will see that
some thirty bills have come in from the House
to-day, and of course it is desirable to have
action on all the House bills, as well those
received at the last session as at the present
session, but it is quite impossible unless the
committee is enlarged, or well and healthy
men put in the place of those who are disabled.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think my friend will
make no further objection. I move that the
bill be recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
consular and diplomatic bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now let us go
on with the appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H.
R. No. 3258) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic service of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1874,
and for other purposes, is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole. If there be
no objection the amendments reported to the
bill by the Committee on Appropriations
will be acted on as they are reached in the
reading of the bill.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill
to the end of line twenty-nine.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know it isnot in order
at this time, but as it is a trifling correction
in point of words though it amounts to some-
thing in substance, I wish to call the atten-
tion of my friend from. Maine to an amend-
ment that I wish to propose now or here-
after, if the bill can wait on its passage long
enough to be amended. It is to put in after
the word "shall," in line twenty-eight, the
words "for the current year and so as to
read:
Provided, That the pay and allowances of said
minister resident shall for the current year and
hereafter be $10,000 per annum, and no more.
The Senate will re.member that a year or
two ago weeonsolidated the missions to Guate-
mala, Costa Rica, Honduras, Salvador, and
Nicaragua, and made an appropriation for the
salary of one minister at what we thought would
be a proper sum; but under some old law that
was dug up, which had been left standing, it
appears that this man, whoever he may be—I
do not know him—has been reaping a very
large reward ; I am told more than $20,000 a
year. To meet that the House of Representa-
tives has legislated that hereafter the pay shall
be $10,000 per annum and no more. 1 wish to
have it provided that the pay for this current
year shall be what Congress intended it should
be, and what everybody but for this ancient
statute that somebody discovered intended it
should be, $10,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does the Sen-
ator mean the year for which we are pro-
viding in the bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; I mean the year
that is now running; that the sum of $10,000
that we appropriated a year ago for this year
shall be the pay for this year, as we intended
it should be.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not obiect
to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move, then, to insert,
after the word "shall," in line twenty-eight,
the words " for the current year and."
Mr. COLE. I have not the law now before
me, but I believe the consolidation of these
missions will not take place during the present
current year, and not until the next year. I
would ask my friend from Vermont if lam not
correct about that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very much sur-
prised at the Senator's question.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Senator from Cal-
fornia is mistaken, I think. I believe this
consolidation was made a year ago.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will turn to the law.
Mr. COLE. I shall be glad to ascertain
what the law is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The act of the 22d of
May, 1872, a year ago, contains the following
provision after giving the salaries:
"Provided, That on and after June 30,1873, there
shall be but one minister resident accredited to
Guatemala, Costa Eica, Honduras, Salvador, and
Nicaragua, and that the President be authorized to
select the place of residence for the minister in any
one of those States."
Mr. COLE. That is as I understood it,
and that carries out my idea that this current
fiscal year is provided for in the shape of four
or five ministers, and the law for consolidation
takes effect next year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am satisfied on look-
ing at this statute—which must have been
changed, I suspect, in a committee of confer-
ence, though I do not remember about that—
that as to this my friend from California is
right. It is the Paraguay and Uruguay min-
ister who, as the papers have said, has re-
ceived over $20,000 a year. I will therefore
withdraw the amendment I offered to that
clause and wait till we come t,o the next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The reading of the bill
will proceed.
The Chief Clerk read the next item in the
bill, as follows:
For minister resident at Uruguay, also accredited
to Paraguay, $7,500.
The Committee on Appropriations proposed
to amend this item by striking out "$7,500"
and inserting "$10,000." and by adding the
following proviso:
Provided, That the pay and allowances of the said
minister resident shall hereafter be $10,000 per
annum and no more.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend that
amendment by inserting after the word '1 shall,"
in line thirty-two, the words " for the year
ending June 30, 1873, and." That is to make
it apply to the current year; and as there is a
criticism on the words "current year," I say
"for the year ending June 30, 1873."
Mr. THURMAN. I would like to ask my
friend from Vermont whether, if the minister
is now drawing a larger salary than that under
the existing law, he has not already drawn for
that part of the current year already elapsed
more than the amendment allows for the whole
year?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It may be that he has.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator will allow
me to remind him that when Lord Mansfield
rendered that celebrated decision that where
a party has paid money through mistake of
law to a person who had received it under a
like mistake, both supposing the law to be as
it really was not, the money could not bo
VPfTkVPTPfl Via
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does my friend think
that is good law ?
Mr. THURMAN. That is the law of the
land, and the reason given by his lordship
for not allowing a recovery back was that the
man thought it was his money and had liv^d
accordingly, and it would be very inconven-
ient for him to pay it back. [Laughter.]
Now, this minister has received perhaps two
quarters' pay, and he thought that it was his
jjay, that the law was that way, and he has
lived accordingly; and now, if you are to cut
him down for the residue of the two quarters
by giving him only the balance of $10,000,
instead of the balance he supposed he was to
receive, it may be that he will be in very
straightened circumstances.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is very funny, and
I am very glad that Lord Mansfield is alluded
