1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2071
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the object of that?
_ Mr. WISDOM, The object ia apparent on
its face. I need not undertake to explain it.
It cannot cost tbs Government anything and ia
a great benefit to the people.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to know
why it is that the people of that State and of
that Territory should be entitled to any longer
time in paying for their preemptions than the
people of other States.and Territories.
Mr. WINDOM. I should be very glad to
grant it to others myself.
Mr. RAMSEY, It is simply a delay of one
year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to its second
reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
regarded as only read once.
The bill (H. R. No. 3250) to relieve Francis
E. Spinner, Treasurer of the United States,
was read twice by its title,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If there is
no objection, I ask to have that put on its pass-
age. I believe it is generally understood.
Mr. DAVIS. Let it be read subject to
objection.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that bill ought
to go the Committee on finance and let them
report it back if they think proper.
Mr, MORRILL, of Vermont- I ask that it
lie on the table.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear it read
through.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I had sup-
posed the general facts were known to every
Senator. Thisofficer, General Spinner, is one
of the hardest working men we have at Wash'
ington, and his integrity is well known.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to raise
any controversy about General Spinper; but
it is a very bad practice to put a bill of that
character on its passage without a leference to
any committee of the SeDate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There will
be probably no meeting of the Committee on
Finance, and I ask that the bill lie on the table,
that the committee may consider it informally.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I have no objection.
Mr. THURMAN, This seems to be a very
small amount, and if some one can explain
why it is that there is any necessity for an act
of Congress to allow General Spinner this
credit perhaps we can dispose of it at once.
All I want to know is what is the necessity for
an act of Congress to allow him credit for the
two hundred and fifty-odd dollars mentioned?
Mr. TRUMBULLi. The bill inyolves
$60,000.
Mr. THURMAN. I thought it only involved
two hundred and fifty-odd dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is only the begin-
ning of it.
Mr. THURMAN. Then it ought to go to a
committee.
Mr. COLE. I think that bill has been con-
sidered by the Committee on Finance. I do
not see the chairman here though now. It
was offered as an amendment to an appropria-
tion bill, and the intention was to urge it upon
an appropriation bill. I am quite certain it
was considered by the Committee on Finance.
I was told so by the chairman of that com -
mittee.
Mr. THURMAN. Does this bill cover the
defalcation or larceny of clerks?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It does.
Mr. THURMAN. Then it ought not to pass
without further consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The bill is on
the table, but is being debated by several Sen-
n!oes by unanimous consent. The Senator
from Illinois objected to its being passed,'and
the Senator from Vermont objected to its being
referred ; therefore it remains mi the table. _
Mr. COLE. I would rather it should remain
on the table until the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance comes in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is on the table
at present.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HITCHCOCK, Mr. WILSON, Mr.
POMEROY, and Mr. ROBERTSON sub-
mitted amendments intended to be proposed
by them to the bill (H. R. No. 4051) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for thie service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1878,
and for other purposes; whieh were referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
WILLIAM SELDEN.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill in
regard to southern claims is before the Senate.
Mr. MACHEN. I wish to ask the indul-
gence of the Senate to take up House bill No.
8589 for the relief of William Selden.
Mr, EDMUNDS. I do not think it ought
to beacted upon. It involves the,important
principle of payinga man for keeping prisoners
more than the law allowed. It may be that it
ought to pass, but there is no such special merit
as to require it to be taken up out of its order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw the objec-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
No. 3859) for the relief of William Selden
is before the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole, subject to objection.
The bill directs the accounting officers of the
Treasury to reexamine the accounts of William
Selden, late marshal of the United States for
the District of Columbia, for the maintenance
and support by bim of public prisoners confined
in the jail of the District from the 30th of July,
1858, to and until the 17th of May, 1861, both
inclusive, and to adjust and pay the accounts
in conformity with the allowance thereon, not
exceeding, however, the rate of. thirty-four
cents per diem for the maintenance and sup-
port by him of each public prisoner confined
in the jail during the period aforesaid, certified
b^ the judge of the criminal court for the Dis-
trict at the time or times when the accounts
accruedand the sum necessary to pay the
balance that may be found due William Sel-
den on such reexamination and adjustment,
not exceeding $11,220, is appropriated.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and
MINING STATISTICS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask consent to submit
some reports from the Committee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive them.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the concurrent
resolution of the House of Representatives to
print extra copies of the report of the commis-
sioner of raining statistics, reported it with-
out amendment; and it was considered by
unanimous consent.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed seven thousand copies of the report of the
commissioner on mining statistics, with accompany-
ing maps and engravings; three thousand oopies
for the use of the House of Representatives, two
thousand for the Senate, one thousand for the Treas-
ury Department, and one thousand for the com-
missioner : Provided, That the cost of the maps shall
not exceed thirty-six oents per copy.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not observe that
there is the slightest diminution in the print-
ing orders the Senate is making since the
abolition of the franking privilege without any
provision whatsoever for their distribution
among the people,
Mr. ANTHONY. We have cut them down
generally from one half to two thirds, but the
mining statistics have not been cut down at
all, the question being one in which some of
the States are very particularly interested, the
development of the mining resources of the
States, and the numbers bevng Qjigiuaily quite
small, only seven thousand.
Mr. THURMAN. , Every word of that is
true; bu( once mor$ we, coma back to, the
question, how are these thousands and ten^of
thousands of documents that we am printing
to be distributed among the people ?
Mr, ANTHONY. We suppose that these
will be printed before the- frabiing privilege
will expire.
Mr. THURMAN. How is that? The Sen-
ator said to me in answer to a question of
mine several days ago that all we had to do
was to frank labels and leave them here with
the superintendent of the folding-room and the
documents would be sent off. That is very-
well if you know what documents are to be
published and if every Senator and every
member of the House of Representatives will
attend to it; but it will not he attended to ia
that way at all, and the 1st of July will come
with two thirds of these documents here iu the
rooms of this Capitol.
Mr. ANTHONY, It is the fault of the
Senators and Representatives if they do not
attend to it. The superintendent of, the fold-
ing room uniformly sends to every Senator the
number of documents that belongs to him. at
the close of the session. Any man can dis-
pose of these documents in a day. Still we
are quite content to take the judgment of the
Senate. We think that upon the whole the
Senators from Nebraska, from Nevada, from
California, and other States are very much in-
terested in the distribution af this information
regarding their mining statistics, and ia defer-
ence to their judgment we have reported the
usual number.
Mr. THURMAN. I shall aot oppose this,
but I wish to say one word on the general
subject of printing documents that do not em-
body the operations of either the legislative
or executive department of the Government.
If the Government of the United States pays
all the expenses of an exploration so that he
who writes out the report has been at no ex-
pense whatever in making that exploration
and the matter of it is matter of public interest,
there are plenty of private publishers who will
publish that document if it is worth dissemina-
tion. Let the man who wishes to publish a
book of travels, do it at his own expense; but
it may be that he is poor and therefore cannot
very well sell his book of travels at the low
price that the reports of our explorations may
be sold at, for here the Government pays all
the expenses of the explorer, all the expenses
of the traveler, and it the official report to
the Government is one of public interest there
are plenty of private book publishers who
would be glad to publish it. Mr. President,
if you are to stop this thing of distributing
documents among the people, you must stop
book publishing.
Mr. HOWE. I staid here until nearly five
o'clock this morning in order to move a few
amendments to the bill for paying the awards
of the claims commission, and after all the
Senate refuses to hear the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. It was read through care-
fully.
Mr. HOWE. Yes ; but the Senate refused
to consider the bill. I understand the Secretary
of the Senate has been kind enough to read the
bill, and now a very few moments spent on
thoae amendments would pass it. Under these
circumstances I think' we ought not to debate
every other bill on the Calendar before we dis-
pose of this.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is no further de-
bate on this resolution.
Mr. HOWE. Then go on and pass your
resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution reported by the
Committee on Printing.
The resolution was agreed to.
