1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1111
to, because I am glad to know that my friend
fiom Ohio still believes in. that eminent man s
law, which was pretty strong in favor of liberty,
my friend will remember.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, this matter of the
Uruguay and Paraguay mission (without know-
ing the gentleman who occupies that station,
and therefore making no reflection upon him,)
comes as near being plunder as anything that
has fallen under my observation. There is an
ancient statute that has been discovered in the
State Department or somewhere, which pro-
vides that when a minister of one mission is
called upon to perform duties additional at
another he shall have a certain additional
amount of compensation. That was intended,
of course, as everybody understood, to cover
the case of an extra service where a man was
obliged to go from one court to another to
attend to something that there was nobody
there to attend to. We found this minister at
these two places, and it was seen that either
of them was hardly of sufficient consequence
to have a minister there at all, and so two or
three years ago—not for the first time last
year, but two or three years ago—the two
were put together and the salary fixed at
$11,250. enough in all conscience to pay a
man very liberally for attending to that ser-
vice. Now what happened? Notwithstanding
Congress had only appropriated the $11,250,
and notwithstanding it had provided since this
ancient law that that should be the compensa-
sation, as an ordinary man would understand
it, and that the duty should be performed at
both these places for that, a gentleman comes
in and turns to the ancient law and says, ''I
am entitled to have just double, and get my
$22,500 a year for disporting myself on the
shores of the Atlantic in South America. I
do not think we are bound to submit to that
sort of thing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will my hon-
orable friend allow me to suggest to him that
he is certainly laboring under a mistake as to
the fact, if the Senator's remarks have any
application at all, they must of necessity apply
to what has gone before, because here are but
two places named, and the law in the regular
tion of these missions I do not understand to
be annulled at all—it has existed many years
by which the minister resident in Uruguay has
also been accredited to Paraguay, and at a
salary which in the whole has amounted to
$11,250. It will be seen that in the bill as it
came from the House provision was made for
minister resident at Uruguay, also accredited
to Paraguay." Under the understanding the
Senate committee had of it, although the
House appropriated but $7,500, he would still
draw by operation of the laws to wmch un-
doubtedly the Senator has reference, $11,-460.
So the committee on the part of the Senate
provide that instead of $>ll,250_he shall have
$10,000; and then offer a proviso that the
pay and allowances of said minister resident
shall hereafter be" that sum, with a view ot
cutting off that constructive pay by which lie
did get a larger sum.
Mr EDMUNDS. Which, according to the
Senator, was only $1,250 additional.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine.^ I think so.
The Senator must, be under a misapprehension
a? to the balance. . ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator is as much
mistaken, I think, as he thinks I am. 1 refer
chiefly for my information to that fountain ot
light to which we have just been referred, the
proceedings of the House of Representatives,
where, according to the debates, (as it seems
to be perfectly in order to square our action
according to their motions,) it aPPea^
this large excess was not merely sVwi "ut
ran up to $22,000 according to the news-
papers. I do not, want to refer to the House
except as matter of joke ; but aceorooo°nni"f
newspapers this allowance ran up to
Mr. MO MULL, of Maine. That is true,
but it applies to what goes before, for we had
occasion to look at that in reference to this
very subject.
Mr. THURMAN. Applies to what goes
before ? What is that ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The missions
to Central America, which were lumped to-
gether, and there it was practicable to do it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They were not lumped
together until last year, as the Senator from Cal-
ifornia has shown, but there were separate min-
isters at each one of those places. Therefore
this double pay which by this contrivance has
been obtained by somebody, did not go there.
The Senator from California has demonstrated
that. But these two South American missions
have been put together for some years past,
and it has appeared by the newspapers—I will
not state in what tribunal—that this pay has
amounted to a very heavy sum, I am quite
sure in saying over $22,000 a year. I do not
vouch for it; I only say that is what is stated.
Now, if there be any possibility that that sort
of wrong against the Treasury is being carried
on, we certainly shall not do any injustice to
anybody by declaring that for this year, this
current year, the pay of the, person who has
charge of these missions shall be $10,000 a
year, and no more. If he is only getting that
now it does not do him any harm, but if he is
drawing double pay for doing a single duty at
these places, he ought not to have it. That is
all I wish to say.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
desires to put in that limitation, I have no
0t>ilr!10THURMAN. I want to understand
this. There is a difference of information, it
seems, as to the fact whether this statement,
which I have also seen in the papers, relates
to the minister to Gauteroala, Cosia Rica, and
so on, or whether it relates to the minister to
Uruguay and Paraguay ; but it does refer to
one or the other. The statement is that under
some provision of the statutes that minister is
receiving more than $20,000 a yeai for his
salary ; if I recollect aright, $22,000 or some-
thing of that kind. N ow, assuming that to be
so, let us see how matters stand. Our minis-
ters are paid quarterly, I believe. Then the
second quarter of this year ended on the 31st
of December, 1872 ; and if he is being paid at
the rate of twenty-odd thousand dollars ayear,
he has already drawn over ten thousand dol-
lars, and the consequence is that if the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont prevails,
then for the remaining five months he will
have no salary at all.
Mr. COLE. I hope Senators will not be
misled too much by what is seen by them m
the newspapers. The newspapers sometimes
make mistakes; and indeed in this matter 1
think they must have made a mistake, lbe
law referred to is to the effect that wlieie a
minister resident at one court is also accred-
ited to another he shall receive half pay tor
the additional court; and if that is the law, as
I believe it to be, this minister resident at
Uruguay would have been receiving $11,250
on a salary originally applicable to Uruguay
of $7,500. In other words, the halt salary ot
the former minister at Paraguay, if there was
one, would be $3,750, which, added to the
salary of the minister at Uruguay, $7,500,
makes the sum of $11,250. I do not suppose
it is possible that any minister resident there
could have or ever has received more than
that, the newspapers to the contrary notwith-
standing. I have not seen this report in the
newspapers that is referred to, though it must
clearly have been a mistake according to the
statement made regarding it.
Mr. STEVENSON. It may be that the
money was received under the act of lsbJ
" for additional salary of minister resident to
the Argentine Republic, and also to the re-
public of Uruguay, at the rate of $S,/o0 a
year, such salary to commence October Id,
1868, and to continue while acting as minister
to Paraguay." If he has got two salaries
and this additional allowance, it would be very
much as has been stated to the Senate. How
that is I do not know ; but I presume the
Senator from California was not aware of this
act. Here was a special appropriation for
double service without repealing the old act
which gave a double salary besides.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont to
the amendment of the Committee on Appro-
priations.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment as amended.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I have not the law that my
colleague on the committee, the Senator from
Kentucky, refers to. I think he read some-
thing about the Argentine .Republic and not
about Uruguay. That is a different mission.
If the Senator will notice, by looking at the
twentieth line of the bill the Argentine Repub-
lic is provided for there. However, he may
be right so far as it relates to the other matter,
for aught I know, and probably is, because I
have not looked up the law in regard to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing of the bill will proceed.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of the
bill down to the following clause, lines forty-
two to forty-five:
To enable Bobert C. Schenck, minister to Great
Britain, to employ a private amanuensis, according
to joint resolution approved January 11, 1871,
$2,500.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to ask my
friend who has this bill in charge whether this
is to continue the former appropriation for a
private secretary to our minister to Great Brit-
ain ; and if so, whether there is any necessity
for continuing the provision now ? If we are
to give a private secretary to one of the min
isters to either of the five great Powers of
Europe, why shall we not give it to each of
them? . ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is done
on account of the disability of this minister to
use his hand.
Mr. THURMAN. If it is put on that
ground, I have nothing to say against it.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading ot
the bill. ,
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out in lines forty-
nine and fifty the words "for salary^of the
secretary of legation to Peru, $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in the clause making ap-
propriations for the salaries of "assistant
secretaries of the legations to France Great
Britain, and Germany;" in line fifty-nve, to
strike out the words "and the said assistant
secretaries shall hereafter be called second
secretaries." , „
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hope the Sen-
ate will not concur in that amendment,. 1 took
a little pains to ascertain why that clause was
put in, and I am informed at the State Depart-
ment that these officers are know only m Europe
as second secretaries. They are not Kiiown at
all there as assistant secretaries; they are
called " second secretaries;" and it was with
a view of conforming to that practice that the
Secretary of State recommended, and upon his
recommendation I understand it was adopted
originallv in the House, and upon that recom-
mendation I should hope that the provision as
it came from the House might be permitted to
stand. .
The amendment was rejected.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
^The1 next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in the clause making ap-
