2072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE).
March 1,
INTBBNATIONAL PENITENTIARY CONGRESS.
Mr, ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the concur-
rent resolution of the House of Representa-
tives to print extra copies of the report of the
United States commissioners to the interna-
tional penitentiary congress, reported it with
amendments.
The Senate proceeded to consider the said
resolution; and the reported amendments
having been agreed to, the resolution as
amended was agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed of thereportof the United States commis-
sioners to the international penitentiary congress
of London, two thousand extra copies for the use of
the House of Representatives, one thousand copies
for the use of the Senate, and two thousand copies
for tho use of the commissioner.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I report now a resolu-
tion in conformity with what seemed to the
committee to be the general judgment and
sense of the Senate in regard to the agricul-
tural report. It ought to be settled now one
way or the other. We have taken fifty thou-
sand copies instead of two hundred and twen-
ty-five thousand, and they are to be paid for. I
think the Senator from Ohio will be satisfied
when he hears the report read.
The resolution was read, as follows
JReaolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That there be printed fifty thou-
sand additional copies of the report of the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture for 1872, which shall be placed
in charge of said Commissioner, who is hereby
authorized and directed to send a copy to each and
every person who may pay or remit to him fifty
cents, and he shall on tho first day of every monta
pay into the Treasury of the United States all
moneys received during the preceding month for
the sale of said reports, deducting therefrom the
value of the postage stamps which he may have had
to purchase and usefortheprepaymentoipostage on
suoh of said reports as were sent to the purchaser
thereof by mail.
Mr. THURMAN. I inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing whether
there is any other document that that commit-
tee propose to print on the same terms ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Not as yet. We did
intend—but the Senator from Ohio will re-
quire no apology for our having been unable
to attend to it—to report upon the proposition
referred to us on the motion of the Senator's
colleague to make a general plan of publica-
tion of public documents for sale; but this is
much the moat expensive document we pub-
lish. We have reduced the number from two
hundred and twenty-five thousand to fifty
thousand, and it is a document that is sup-
posed to be remarkably popular, and we
thought it would be a good document to try
the experiment upon if the people will pay for
it the cost of publication, the mere cost of
printing, leaving out of the estimate all the
cost of preparation. It is put at fifty cents a
volume free of postage.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator says the
agricultural report is the most expensive doc-
ument printed.
Mr. ANTHONY. Altogether the most ex-
pensive.
Mr. THURMAN. I had always supposed
the patent office report was the most expen-
sive.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Patent Office Re-
port is now sold. The report is published
weekly and sold at five dollars a year to sub-
scribers, but the publication for popular dis-
tribution has been entirely suspended. It was
never so expensive as the Agricultural Report.
Mr. THURMAN. I had always supposed
that that was the most expensive document;
but I suppose this is perfectly right. Agricul-
ture has nothing to do in this world but pay
taxes. You might as well discriminate against
it in the Agricultural Report as in anything
else.
Mr. ANTHONY. We introduced a- reso-
lution to publish this document for gratuitous
distribution, but the Senator from Ohio objected
to it and said it ought to be paid for. That
view seemed to have the sauction of the Senate
iu an informal debate, and we have reported a
resolution in conformity to what we thought to
be the sense of the Senate and especially the
Senator from Ohio, and now he is the one that
objects to it.
Mr. THURMAN. What Senator from Ohio?
Mr. ANTHONY. I mean the Senator from
Ohio who is now addressing the Chair.
Mr. THURMAN. Not a bit of it. The
Senator cannot find a word I ever uttered in
favor of paying for any such thing. It was
my colleague who wished to introduce the
English system, not I.
The resolution was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Was it the de-
sire of the Senator from Rhode Island to make
this a bill or a concurrent resolution ? It pro-
vides for paying money into the Treasury and
ordering one of the officers to do a certain
thing.
Mr. ANTHONY. It should be put in the
form of a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, it will be regarded as read three
times and passed, as it regulates the payment
of money into the Treasury.
Mr. NYE. I want to amend the proposi-
tion, which is that people shall be entitled to
receive the report on the payment of postage,
as I understsnd. I want to amend so that it
shall go free to them.
Mr. ANTHONY. It does go free. It is to
go free and the cost of the postage is to be
deducted from the net proceeds which the Com-
missioner is to surrender into the Treasury.
Mr. NYE. He pays it in first.
Mr. ANTHONY. No; a man orders the
report; the commissioner sends it to him and
charges him fifty cents and sends it free of
postage, and then he returns into the Treasury
the fifty cents, deducting the postage stamps
he put upon it.
Mr. NYE. Then the postage makes no part
of the cost of the work.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada moves to reconsider. If there
be no objection it will be regarded as recon-
sidered. The Senator from Nevada, the bill
(S. No. 1652) in relation to the distribution of
the report of the Commissioner of Agriculture
for 1872, being now before the Senate on its
third reading, moves to amend it so that this
document shall be free, as the Chair under-
stands. The question is on that amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
CENTENNIAL COMMISSION REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have one more report
from the Committee on Printing. A concur-
rent resolution was referred to the committee
for printing the report of the commissioners
of the centennial celebration. The committee
thought that the numbers ordered by the House
were quite too large, and after consulting with
the Senators from Pennsylvania, who feel a
special interest in the subject, we have cut
down the numbers materially, and offer the
following as a substitute for the House reso-
lution :
That of the report of the United States centennial
commission, made in obedience to the acts of Con-
gress of March 3,1871, and June 1,1872, giving the
organization of said commission, and the plans,
classifications, and arrangements for the interna-
tional exhibition and centennial celebration of 1S76,
there be printed for the use of the State Depart-
ment, fifteen hundred copies; for the use of the
Senate, one thousand copies; for the use of the
House, two thousand copies, and for the use of the
centennial commission, thirty thousand copies.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator from
Rhode Island to read to us the law that makes
that a public document.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is a report made to
Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot help that. I
should like to see the law which authorizes
such a report to be made to Congress. We
were told in the most solemn way, when this
centennial business got through here a year or
two ago, that in no event and under no cir-
cumstances should the tax-payers of the United
States Treasury be called upon to pay any-
thing in any way toward it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
if the Senator from Vermont believed that at
the time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was saying that wo,
were solemnly assured that if we would only
grant them the favor of creating a corporation,
which it was extremely doubtful whether we
had any constitutional power to do, in no event
and at no time should we be called upon to
advance any money or help about the matter
in any way; and in the face of that here comes
this, and I see in the deficiency bill that pro-
vision is made to pay $23,000 more or less
toward the affair. I object to it for one. I
want to have faith kept. My friend from Illi-
nois asks me if I believed that when it was
stated. That is a very impertinent question.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. I call for the regular order.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish my colleague on
the committee would let us dispose of this
matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The present
consideration of the resolution is objected to,
and it must lie over one day under the rule.
Mr. ANTHONY. It does not lie over one
day because I asked to take it from the table.
It was reported the other day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular
order is demanded, and the resolution goes
back to the table.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the Senator from Wis-
consin will give me time enough simply to put
in a protest against the remark of the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing that the
Senators from Pennsylvania are especially
interested in this report. It interests every
Senator here just as much as it does them.
Mr. ANTHONY. I did not mean to say
that in any sense that would not be agreeable
to the Senators, but I thought as the cele-
bration was to be held in their great and patri-
otic State they must feel a particular interest
in it. I consulted them and I understood them
to say that they would agree to this reduction
proposed; but I was mistaken, it seems.
Mr. SCOTT. They do feel a very great
interest in it, and they hope to enlist the cor-
poration of every other Senator who has voted
to appropriate a large sum of money to send
commissioners to foreign lands, when we are
inviting foreigners to come to us in 1876. I hope
the objection may be withdrawn and the reso-
lution passed.
Mr. HOWE. We understand the merits of
this question now ; and if the Senate please, I
should be .glad to have the regular order.
Mr. ANTHONY. If we may pass the res*
olution without debate, will the Senator ob-
ject?
Mr. HOWE. I will not to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. We cannot get it up to-
morrow ; this is the end of it.
Ibe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin insists on the regular order.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE. I hope the Senate
will indulge me a very few minutes, or so far
as to take up House bill No. 3855 for the
relief of Josiah Morris and J. F. Johnson.
It was taken up yesterday morning, and I am
satisfied it will be passed with entire unan-
imity without the slightest debate; and if Sen-
ators will only listen to the report that has
been made, and which states the facts with
nice_accuracy, they will be satisfied both of
the justice of the parties' claim and of the
injustice of deferring it. This is the only in-
dulgence I have asked of the Senate during
the session; it is the only favor I have ap-
plied for.
