1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2073
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOWE. I assure the Senator from
Alabama that I like him as well as myself; I
cannot pretend to like him any better. 'If he
will yield to me, not to take up a bill, but to
dispose of one which is up, I will yield to him
then.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE. Very well.
ALONZO J. MAKSH.
Mr. CONKLING. I venture to ask my
friend to allow me to enter a formal motion to
reconsider a report of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs adverse to the bill (H. R. No.
882) restoring Captain Alonzo J. Marsh to his
position in the Army, and that he be honor-
ably mustered out of the service as of the date
of the mustering-out of his regiment. I move
that it be reconsidered (it was postponed in-
definitely) and recommitted to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FE03I THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersok, its Clerk, announced
that the House had receded from its disagree-
' ment to the amendment of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 1868) for the relief of Elias C.
Boudinot.
The message also announced that the House
had passed without amendment the bill (S.
No. 420) to confer jurisdiction on the Court
of Claims to hear and determine the suit of
Carondelet vs. The United States.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 4051)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
80, 1873, and for other purposes; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
SOUTHERN CLAIMS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 3583) making appropriations for the pay-
ment of claims reported allowed by the com-
missioners of claims under the act of Congress
of March 3, 1871.
Mr. HOWE. I propose an amendment on
page 28.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There areamend-
ments reported by the committee in regard to
claims in Tennessee.
Mr. HOWE. It will be more convenient to
take this one first. I move, on page 23, to
strike out lines five hundred and forty-one and
five hundred and forty-two, in the words "to
William Bailey, $45,161 72."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. On page 37,1 move to strike
out lines eight hundred and eighty-three and
eight hundred and eighty four, in the words
"to Abram W. Cozart, $2,622 45."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The committee
report to strike out those lines.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. The next amendment is to
strike out line eight hundred and ninety-eight,
"to M. B. Dalton, $831."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Claims was on page 39, to strike outlines nine
hundred and forty-two and nine hundred and
forty-three, in the words "to James Helton,
$378."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. On page 42, line ten hundred
and six, the committee report to strike out
"sixty" before "five;" so as to read: "to
Robert McKenna, $2,505."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. On page 64, I move to strike
out lines fifteen hundred and sixty-seven to
fifteen hundred and seventy, inclusive, m the
words, " to Charles A. Ware and W. B. Lacey,
$875; to Charles A. Ware, $1,635.'
Mr. LEWIS. I hope this will not be stricken
out. The officer who took this property from
Mr. Ware refused to give him a certificate or
receipt for it, and afterward, as was proven
before the claims commission, proposed that
if he would give him $500 he would furnish a
receipt for a much larger sum, which Mr. Ware
indignantly rejected. The officer was after-
ward cashiered and dismissed from the ser-
vice in disgrace. I hope this clause will not
be stricken out.
Mr. HOWE. I have no doubt the officer was
dismissed from the service. Looking into the
papers in the case I had not the slightest idea
but that he ought to have been. He evidently
stole all this property ; the Government never
got any advantage of it. It was taken between
this and Alexandria, close by the largest depot
of supplies wo had. There is not any reason
for supposing that the Government got the
benefit of the property.
Mr. LEWIS. The commissioners assured
me that they had the best evidence that the
Government did get that property.
Mr. HOWE. I say that the case does not
disclose the slightest reason for believing that
the Government got any benefit from the
property taken. One of the witnesses swears
as to one of the items, corn, that it was stolen
by the soldiers. Another item, potatoes, he
say's the soldiers went around after the plow
and picked them up. The property was all
taken right between here and Alexandria.
There was no occasion for taking property of
citizens there. It was much easier to get it
from the depot, and they would not have taken
it if they had not wanted it for their own use.
I think that is very evident.
Mr. LEWIS. I withdraw any objection to
the report of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I omitted lines fifteen hun-
dred and fifty two and fifteen hundred and
fifty-three. 1 move to strike out those lines
"to the trustees of the Bradley school-house,
at Manassas, $450."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move now to strike out
lines fifteen hundred and ninety-seven and
fifteen hundred and ninety-eight, " to Eu-
genie Bertinatti, $11,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALCORN. If the chairman of the
Committee on Claims is through with his
amendments, I beg leave to offer an amend-
ment to the bill. I will state that the claims
commission, after they had made the report
upon which the Senate is now acting, sub-
mitted a report in favor of George J. Mortimer,
of Mississippi, for the sum of $8;255, which
report was referred to the committee of the
House, reported upon by them, and a bill
passed the House of Representatives, (No.
3989,) nowbefore the Senate. Itis very evident
that we shall not have the opportunity of pass-
ing that bill, and with the consent of the hon-
orable Senator who is chairman of the Com-
mittee on Claims, I would ask to have an
amendment made to the present bill, to insert:
In favor of George J. Mortimer, of Mississippi,
of 88,255, the amount of the award made by the
commissioners of claims under the act of March 3,
1871, which shall be in full satisfaction of all claims
against the Government on account of property
taken belonging to said Mortimer, on which the
said award was made.
I do not think it is a reflection upon the
various claims or any claim in this bill to say
that I am of opinion that the claim of Mr.
Mortimer is as worthy as that of any other
person who is upon the bill. He in time past,
and 1 believe at the present time, was a min-
ister of the Gospel, opposed to wars generally
from principle, and especially was he opposed
to the last war. He remained in the South,
and here to-day states, and it is proved, that
he stood faithful to the Government during all
that trying period, and he suffered, lost his
property. He has prosecuted his claim, and
done so to the extent of having exhausted all
the money he has on hand. He to-day stands
almost in the attitude of a beggar, made so in
the effort to prosecute this claim against the
Government of the United States. The com-
missioners heard his claim, and so impressed
were they with its justice that they; made a
separate special report in its favor, and I ask
now that the amendment may be adopted > by
the Senate, and I trust I shall have no opposi-
tion from the Senator who is chairman of the
committee.
Mr. HOWE. The claim to which the Sena-
tor from Mississippi refers is quite familiar to
the committee. It was reported to the House
of Representatives by a supplemental report
from the claims commission, passed in a sep-
arate bill, and was examined by the commit-
tee, who were of the opinion very decidedly
that the claim should not be paid at all. We
have so few minutes left to us in the session
that I do not like to take up the time of the
Senate in stating the many reasons why we
thought it should not be paid. If we make a
mistake in regard to any of these matters, it
will be subject to correction hereafter; but
upon the evidence, as that case stands before
us, I think it is very manifest that it should not
be paid.
Mr. ALCORN. Well, sir, I ask the Sen-
ate to adopt the amendment, notwithstanding
I have failed to obtain the consent of my
honorable friend from Wisconsin. I think the
claim is a meritorious one, and I am willing
to abide the sense of the Senate.
Mr. SPENCER. While I have no doubt
that the claim presented by the honorable
Senator from Mississippi is perfectly just and
ought to be paid, I hope the Senator will not
endanger the passage of this bill or embarrass
it by putting on any foreign amendment. I
shall vote against the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
Mr. CONKLING. As this bill is about to
be decided upon its final passage, I beg to ask
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin, chair-
man of the committee, which had it in charge,
this one question. Is there, as far as the com-
mittee knows or intends, anything in the bill
conflicting with the principle stated in the
veto message of the President touching some
of the claims for war damages, and I employ
that phrase in my question merely for brevity,
because my honorable friend and the Senate
will know sufficiently what I mean by it ? I
want to know whether there is anything here
proposing to pay persons for claims arising
from the ravages of war in the sense which
enters into those veto messages.
Mr. HOWE. When this bill was reported
to the Senate I took occasion to state that it
came to us from the House of Representatives
at so late a day that it was utterly impossible
for us to examine the testimony in the several
claims provided for in it; that in order to
form some sort of opinion as to what principles
were guiding the claims commission, each
member of the committee took a handful of
claims out and examined them to see how far
the principles recognized by the commission
were in accord with the principles which have
heretofore guided the Committee on Claims on
the part of the Senate, and how far they
accorded with the principles announced by the
commission itself.
The claims commission in the report which
they made to the House a year ago, and which
they have repeated substantially at the open-
ing of the present session, stated the principles
of law which they thought onght to govern,
and I think stated them correctly. But we
found some cases, in the slight examination
we made, in which we thought they had made
a mistake in applying those principles, and I
