1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
from the best information, that thus far the
President has done nothing in the way of ex-
ecuting section forty-three of the act of last
June. The Senator will correct me if lam
wrong.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say he has done no act,
but all the information that could be obtained
with a view of executing the law has been
obtained. As a matter of course, the order
for the reduction of the districts has not yet
been made. He is not required to reduce them
until the 1st of January, and that time has not
yet arrived.
Mr. CASSERLY. What the construction
of the law is will be a matter for discussion
hereafter. I understand the Senator from
Ohio then to say that the President of the
United States has thus far done nothing
under section forty-three of the law of last
June, so far as that requires him to reduce
the internal revenue districts in the United
States to not exceeding eighty in num-
ber. I understand the Senator to say that
nothing has been done toward that reduction
except to collect some information or a body
of information.
Mr. SHERMAN. No order has been issued.
Mr. CASSERLY. Nothing has been done.
Has a single district been reduced, I ask the
Senator?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have stated to the Sen-
ator that no order has been issued to consol-
idate the districts under that act, but that
every prelimiuary step has been taken in the
way of getting information as to the mode in
which it should be done, as to what districts
should be consolidated, as to what officers
should be dispensed with; bnt at the same
time the President has sent to us through his
officers, by his annual message, a plan which,
in his judgment, subject to our approval, will
execute the purpose we desire ; that is, reduce
the expenses of collecting the internal revenue.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is a very laudable
object which is attributed to the President by
the Senator from Ohio. I do not mean to
question in any respect the credit which that
gives to the Executive of the country. But,
sir, I regret that now, on the 12th day of De-
cember of this year, with but nineteen days
remaining of the period during which the Con-
gress of the Uuited States charged the Presi-
dent absolutely and peremptorily, not by way
of discretion, with the reduction of the rev-
enue districts of this country from about two j
hundred and thirty, the number in existence i
at the time we passed that act, to eighty, he
has not made that reduction so laid upon him ;
by law to the extent of a single district; and
I pat it to the gentlemen of the majority
whether it is any fair answer to that objection
to say that the time has not yet come when
the act is to take effect. It is a total misap-
prehension of the character of the act to say
t hat the time has not yet come when it is to take
effect. The act was in effect as soon as it
received his signature, and that was on the
fith day of June, 1872. He had all that period
of so many months, nearly seven months,
within which to enforce the law of Congress,
and when the whole of that period, less nine-
teen days, has expired, we are informed that
be has not reduced the districts of the coun-
try to the extent of a single district. Is it
possible that it was not in the power of the
President of the United States to execute
the law of Congress to any extent what-
ever? Were there not somewhere throughout
the country, or altogether throughout the
country, forty or fifty or one hundred dis-
trict's that might have been consolidated with-
out injury to the public interests? Time
enough, as it seemed to us, was left by Con-
gress to enable some reduction to be made
within the seven months allowed by law. It
was the judgment of Congress after deliberate
discussion—a discussion which it is not im-
proper for me to say was aided efficiently by
the presence of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue in this Chamber—that the President
could, and should (and he was commanded to)
reduce the internal revenue districts of this
country from two hundred and thirty to eighty
within the time allowed by the law. If seven
months were not sufficient, how much would
be required? Fourteen months? Twenty-
one mouths? Three years? Seven years?
The Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,]
in the debate which attended the action of
the Senate on this very section, declared then
that it would not and could not be enforced.
Some of us on this side believed that no stren-
uous effort would be made to enforce it. As
a pledge of good faith on the part of the ma-
jority that the enforcement of the law was
meant, one Senator after another on this and
the other side of the Chamber moved to shorten
the time. One Senator, I remember, moved
to fix the last day for the operation of the law
on the 1st of October. I myself moved sub-
sequently to fix it for the 1st of November.
Both amendments were rejected by the Senate
on the assigned ground that the time thus
allowed would be too short to make the re-
duction ordered by the law without great in-
jury to the public service. Whatever was said
in debate, whatever was implied in debate,
pointed to the 1st day of January as a date
which would give ample time to the Execu-
tive to carry out that portion of section forty-
three which was specifically charged upon him
to carry out. And now we are told that the
time has not yet expired. Why, sir, that
would be true if we were sitting here on the
31st day of December. If there was no time
to execute the law during the six months and
six days that have elapsed since its passage
down to this hour at which I am speaking, how
is it to be carried out during the nineteen days
that remain?
The whole conduct of the Administration in
respect to this law is a distinct omission to
carry out a law of Congress, a law which was
passed after as much discussion as any similar
law that I have seen passed in my time in the
Senate, and by the aid of all the light that
could be thrown upon it from the revenue
department itself.
I send up to the desk and ask the Secretary
to read the first branch of section forty-three,
which is the one on which I have to speak.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"That prior to the 1st day of January, 1873, it
shall bs the duty of the President, and he is hereby
authorized and directed, to reduce the internal rev-
enue districts in the United States to not exceeding
eighty in number, and for that purpose he may unite
two or more districts or States or Territories into
one district, and he shall designate from among the
existing revenue officers one collector and one
assessor for each new district, or at his discretion he
may, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, nominate and appoint new officers for such
new district; and the collector and assessor so desig-
nated or appointed shall give bond according to
law."
Mr. CASSERLY. Now, Mr. President,
the most ordinary intelligence is quite capable
of determining that the language just read
from the desk is as direct and peremptory as
can be. The law was express. It was a com-
mand to the President that prior to the 1st
day of January he should reduce the collec-
tion districts of this country from the then
existing number, say two hundred and thirty,
down to eighty. He has not done it. It is
now the 12th day of December; and once
more I repeat, is it any answer to objections
made as to the omissions of the President in
this respect to say that the time has not yet
elapsed given to him within which to perform
the duty, to execute the command of Congress
laid upon him ? Why, sir, if he has not done
it down to this time, he never will do it.
In like manner I understand the Secretary
of the Treasury has done nothing under his
part of the section. It is true that his power
is extended to the 1st day of January, like
the power of the President; it is true also
that, unlike the command laid upon the Presi-
dent, the portion of the section referring to
the Secretary leaves it discretionary with him.
Discretionary with him to do what ?
" To reduce the number of internal revenue assist-
ant assessors, inspectors, gaugers, storekeepers, and
the clerks and employes in the Internal Revenue
Bureau to as small a number as is consistent with
the performance of the reduoed duties of the ser-
vice."
What has he done under that discretionary
power? 1 did not observe that the Senator
from Ohio directed his remarks at all to what
had been done by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. Perhaps he is able to say whether the
Secretary of the Treasury has done anything
under that part of the section which refers to
him.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am told that in the
ordinary course of basiness almost every day
the number of assistant assessors is being
reduced.
Mr. CASSERLY. " Is being reduced ?"
Mr. SHERMAN. Is being reduced. As
a matter of course I am not able to give the
number. The number now remains at about
thirteen hundred. It was twenty-eight hun-
dred a year or two ago. It is now about thir-
teen hundred and seventy, I am informed.
Mr. CASSERLY. If [ understand the Sen-
ator from Ohio, the chairman of the Finance
Committee, he informs us that the number
of assistant assessors has been undergoing
reduction, and that the number now is about
thirteen hundred.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thirteen hundred and
seventy, I am informed.
Mr. CASSERLY. Thirteen hundred and
seventy as compared with twenty-eight hun-
dred some time ago. That I believe was the
number in office at the time General Grant
was inaugurated at the commencement of this
Administration. I suppose—and I shall wel-
come correction if I am wrong—that the num-
ber of thirteen hundred and seventy assistant
assessors now in office is not, if anything, re-
duced from the number of those officers in
office at the date of our act in June last.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not informed as to
that.
Mr. CASSERLY. On the contrary, to
show that I am correct, let me refer to the
annual report of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, at page 19, which speaks of the re-
duction of assistant assessors as being dis-
cretionary, and speaka of the number of them
as over thirteen hundred, by which I under-
stand that the number of these assistant assess-
ors at the date of this report was over thir-
teen hundred. I infer, then, that no reduc-
tion has been made by the Secretary of the
Treasury in the number of assistant assessors.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot give the Senator
the exact facts, because these are matters of
detail.
Mr. CASSERLY. They are details that
respect the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The number of assistant
assessors varies from month to month. It
depends very much on the number of distill-
eries running, and whether there are occasions
for them. At this time the number is about
thirteen hundred and seventy, and has not
varied much for the last six months.
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course the fact stated
by the Senator from Ohio simply corroborates
what I have said, that the Secretary, in the
exercise of this discretion vested in him by
Congress, has not reduced the number of
assistant assessors. Besides these officers,
however, there are several others as to which
he had a discretion to reduce their numbers.
I enumerate them from the act: ''inspectors,
gaugers, storekeepers, and the clerks and
employes in the Internal Revenue Bureau.'"
Is the Senator from Ohio prepared to say
whether any reduction has been made in any
or all of the heads just read by me?
Mr. SHERMAN. I thiuk not.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think it is quite fair to
presume as the number of assistant, assessors
was not reduced by the Secretary of the Treas-
