loO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
ury, so he made no reduction in the number
of inspectors-, gaugers, storekeepers, and
clerks and eiuploy6s in the Internal lievenue
Bureau.
Now, sir, what is the distinction between
the omission of the President to act under a
positive command from Congress and the
omission of the Secretary of the Treasury to
act under a commaud in the same law which,
however, left him a discretion? It seems to
me that practically there is no distinction
whatever. If it was true, as we all under-
stood in the debate of last June, that the
number of these officers could be greatly
reduced—a view that received unanswerable
force from the great diminution made by the
act of June in the number of articles affected
by the internal revenue, and Congress cer-
tainly considered that it was true, and exer
cised its judgment accordingly—what is the
reason that the Secretary of the Treasury has
not made some reduction in this little army of
assistant assessors, inspectors, gaugers, store-
keepers, clerks, and employes in the Internal
Revenue Bureau? Is it possible that he could
not have reduced them forty, thirty, twenty,
ten, or five per cent.? Is it possible he could
not have made some reduction in this army
of officeholders? Why, sir, the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue informs us in his report
that the act of June 6 reduces the duties of
assessors and assistant assessors so as to leave
but three things which could not be done with
equal propriety by the collectors and their
deputies, "two classes of officers, both num-
erous and extensive, for the work that one
class could as well do." I am reading from
his report. Then he states what those three
Bubjects were. One was the assessment of the
deficiency tax on distilleries. Another was
the license taxes, or special taxes, as they
are technically called, consisting generally of
spirit and tobacco stamps, and so on. The
third subject was the tax on banks and bank-
ers. Is it possible that under a law which
made a reduction so great as is described in
the report from which I have just read it was
not in the power of the President to enforce
the positive law of Congress, or that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury found himself unable
to use the discretion placed in him by the
same act to the extent of any reduction what-
ever in this army of employls?
It wag said by some of us on this side,
by myself among the number, that that law
was a tub thrown to the whale, that it would
not be carried into effect, and that one of the
first things which Congress would be called
upon to do when they met in December would
be to put this law out of the way in some
manner or other. Was that a true prophecy
or an untrue one ? Let what is going on here
answer that question. The trath is, sir—and
the difficulty is one which might as well be
recognized at this time as hereafter—that the
Administration now in charge of the country,
either from inability or from want of will, (I
prefer to say the former,) has not found itself in
a position to carry out one of the reforms with
regard to the officers in the internal revenue
department which Congress authorized it to
carry out. It has not executed it to any ex-
tent whatever. It has left the law of Congress
a dead letter on the statute-book.
I do not wish to be unjust to so high an
officer as the President of the United States.
It is my opinion that did he understand this
subject more thoroughly than he does he would
be more ready to act upon his own judgment
and his own information for the public good
than he has shown himself in this case; but
his misfortune is the misfortune of all men in
i,o high a place: he is surrounded by men who
are interested in keeping the truth away from
h.m; he is surrounded by men who, them-
selves pressed at home by a clamorous army
of office-holding leeches, are unable to act that
part of wisdom and of patriotism and of duty
to the President of the United States which 1
am sure under other circumstances they, as
good citizens and men of intelligence and of
experience in the evils of government in re-
gard to these place-holders, would be prompt
to perform. The fault is not his so much as it
is the fault of those who, having the informa-
tion to enlighten and instruct him in the way
in which he should tread, have withheld it from
him, and in some instances have pressed him
aside from the path of duty, and presented him,
as in this case, in the attitude of one who has
disregarded the plain letter of a law of Con-
gress.
I am unable to say, after all I have beard,
that the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bui.l,] who has been so chided here for what
he said in his place and in his duty as a Sena-
tor, was at all incorrect. I am unable to say
that this bill is any improvement of the law
now on the statute book. The law now on
the statute-book is positive and explicit for a
reduction of the collection districts from two
hundred and thirty to eighty. Of four hun-
dred and sixty officers, that wipes out three
hundred, leaving only one hundred and sixty
iu office. That is something if it can be exe-
cuted, and I have really heard nothing, and I
have seen nothing in the report of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, which satisfies
me that it is at all impracticable. If more
time is needed, let more time be given. If
further provisions of Congress are necessary
to make the power effective in the President's
hands only for good and not for mischief, let
them be passed. For one, I need not say that
i I should be willing to go as far as I ought to
I go to aid in the reduction of the number of
offices and the expenses attending offices. If
the Secretary of the Treasury is embarrassed
by the discretion given him, let the Congress
of the United States give him a positive com-
mand to make reductions by a fixed period,
arming him with whatever powers are neces-
sary to execute that without prejudice to the
public good.
The Senator from Ohio said that this was a
sincere and strenuous effort to reduce the ex-
penses of the internal revenue system. Unless
! I greatly mistake, the Senator from Ohio said
1 full as much as that of the law of June. I did
not question his sincerity then; I do not now.
I have no right to do it. The high place that
he occupies as the chairman of the Finance
Committee in this body forbids that. But,
1 sir, either he was mistaken then, or he is mis-
taken now ; either the law of June was not
j the law that he stated to us when he recom-
mended to us the adoption of that section, or
else it is a better law than the one which he
now presses upon the Senate. With such in-
formation as I have, I am unable to say that
1 the present law is not very much inferior in
effective usefulness to the law which it under-
takes to repeal; I refer, of course, to section
] forty-three of the law of June last,
j Mr. THURMA.N. Mr. President, I do not
wish to debate this bill. I suppose the Senate
are unanimous in their desire to dispense with
superfluous officers. It is, therefore, a ques-
i tion of detail how that can best be done; and
in the very nature of things it must be mainly
left to our committee, with the aid of the offi-
| cers of the Government, to devise such plans
and provide them with such details as will best
j answer the general purpose of reducing the
number of officials and dismissing those who
are superflous. But there is one matter about
this bill to which I invite the attention of the
j chairman of the committee in order that, if he
has not already explained it, he may do so.
It may be that he has explained it; but, if so, I
did not hear him.
The first section of the bill provides that on
the 1st day of July, 1873, which is more than
six months hence, the offices of assessor and
assistant assessor shall cease to exist, with a
provision that in any particular case the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue may dispense
with the services of any assessor or assistant
assessor before that time. But so far as the
law is mandatory or peremptory, it has the
effect, coupled with what I understand to be in
it, a repeal of the forty-third section of the
law of last June, to leave these officers all in
existence, at the discretion of the Commis-
sioner, until the 1st day of July next. Iu
other words, we were told here in June last
that these officers could be dispensed with by
the first of the next year, and now this bill
continues them in place, if the Commissioner
shall see fit to do so, for six months longer.
I may be mistaken in some respects; but
this is the way it strikes me. It may be that
there is some explanation of it; and hence I
ask the chairman to tell the Senate why, if
these offices of assessor and assistant assessor
are now superfluous and unnecessary, they
may not be abolished at once or within thirty
days, instead of continuing them for six
months.
Mr. SHERMAN. In reply to the reason-
able question of my colleague, I will state to
him that as a matter of course a change like
this requires some time. What time should
be granted is a question of detail; but certainly
this law cannot take effect until after the 1st
of May, for the obvious reason that the special
taxes which are now accruing do not expire
until the 1st of May. The whole plan of col-
lecting these special taxes is changed by this
act. The 1st of May, therefore, would be the
very earliest day at which any one could pro-
pose to dispense witht hese officers, if we are
to collect the special taxes.
Then in regard to the time that is required ;
this change of duties from the assessor to the
collector and the transmission from the asses-
sor's office to the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue of the vast volume of papers, the
change affecting every one who pays a special
tax—all the bankers, whisky dealers, tobacco
dealers, and a great multitude of other people—
requires some delay. Both Senators seem to
imply that the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue will not do this as rapidly as possible 
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to disavow any
such thing. I said no such thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think my col-
league meant anything of the kind ; but, as a
matter of course, this must be done in detail.
The Commissioner has now twenty-five reve-
nue agents. We allow him twenty-five more
for a year. It is perfectly manifest that there
ought to be a revenue agent present to assort
and distribute the papers, some of which go
to the collector and 'some to the office here.
This must be done by districts. It cannot
all be done on the same day, like taking
the census, but it must be done by districts,
by States, and by communities; and that
it cannot be done before the 1st of May is
obvious for the reason I have already given.
Therefore it was not unreasonable that the
Commissioner should ask for six months from
the passage of this law, because it probably will"
not pass finally much before the first of the
next month, for the execution of this plan.
My colleague is the first person who has
objected to the time. I believe in neither com-
mittee was any fault found with the time,
especially with the alternative power here given
and made a little more definite by one amend-
ment of the Senate committee, that it shall be
done by districts and as rapidly aB possible.
A word now in regard to the point made by
the Senator from California. The Committee
on Finance did recommend the forty-third
section of the act of June 6. That ia true.
We recommended it in good faith. We be-
lieved that that plan of reducing the expenses
of the revenue was the best we could then
devise ; but we were not wiser than Solomon,
nor wiser than all the men that ever lived. If
auy better plan is presented at any time before
the law tabes effect, before the duty enjoined
upon the President is performed, we are not
only at liberty, but it is our duty to adopt it;
and it is perfectly plain that the plan now sub-
