2074
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
March 1,
have moved these amendments because as I
read the evidence the cases did not come
within the principles announced by the com-
mission. One of the last claims that I moved
to strike out I should suppose would come pre-
cisely within the principle which if I understand
the veto message is the principle announced in
that message and heretofore advocated with
considerable zeal by my honorable friend from
New York. That was the claim on behalf of
the trustees of the Bradley school-house, which
I understand to have been a building taken
down by the soldiery for their comfort and
convenience; they took some of the materials
to help patch up their tents and add to their
comfort. That I suppose to be mere war
ravage. That has been stricken from the bill.
I do not know of any other case in the bill
which is like that.
That is as far as I can answer the Senator.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I think it is far
enough to warrant me and every other Senator
who agrees with me in abstaining from any
hostility to the bill. Should it turn out here>
after that something has crept into it which the
committee does not know and which upon the
facts being ascertained might turn out to be
such a case in principle as that of J. Milton
Best or that of the salt springs, recently vetoed
by the President, and some other like bills, it
could not be said truthfully in law or history
that the Senate had acted upon that with
knowledge and information. 80 that I beg to
say for one, in abstaining from any objection
or opposition to this bill, that I should object
to it strenuously and should vote against it if
it, contained any appropriation for or recogni-
tion of such a claim as the President in those
several veto messages which he has sent has
held to be beyond (he duty of the nation in
making recompense.
Mr. HOWE. So far as I am concerned in-
dividually the notice just now given by the
Senator from New York was not at all neces-
sary. I have not the slightest doubt in my
own mind but what the Senator will oppose
any such bill when his attention is called to
it. And it was not at all necessary for the
Senator to give that notice for another reason,
for I can assure him that if he lives and I do
for another hundred years—I hope he will and
I shall not—he will have an opportunity to
define his position on the Milton Best claim
itself and upon a few others precisely like it in
principle. So that his views upon international
law are not at all likely to be compromised
in the dark, and he will bave abundant oppor-
tunity to define them and to defend them,
Mr. CONKLING. I will only say, without
sneaking of the probable longevity of my
friend, which I want with all my heart to be
just as great as he would like it, that if hia
life is spared for a very short time I expect to
find him in hearty concurrence with me as to
the doctrine applicable to the case of J. Mil-
ton Best, and every day that he postpones
that conviction I shall grieve on his account
and on mine.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to add to
what has been said by the Senator from New
York and by the Senator from Wisconsin that
whatever our respective views may be individ-
ually as to the extent to which the nation is
bound to go, we ought not to pass this bill or
any other on a misunderstanding. We ought
not to be deceived, whichever way our opin-
ions maybe; and therefore I am very glad that
the Senat or from New York has stated what he
has and that my friend from Wisconsin has
stated what he has in showing that we all un-
derstand it alike, that so far as we do know
the contents of this bill, (and cases I under-
stand have been taken out as custom-house
officials examine importations, samples from
the bulk all through,) it does not involve any
recession from the doctrine of the President
in these veto messages.
Mr. SCOTT. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Claims, after what has fallen from
the Senator from New York and the Sena-
tor from Vermont, I think it proper to say
that the action of the committee I think
has been rather in the direction of further-
ing- clear views than in opposition to them;
The action of the committee was intended to
keep up the distinction heretofore observed in
the action of that committee and of Congress
between unlawful depredations and what might
be considered authorized appropriations of
property for the public use. We have refused
to pay for unlawful depredations while we have
insisted upon paying for authorized appropri-
ations. As to the cases of Best and Wallace
that were vetoed by the President, I can hardly
think that any ease within this bill touches
either of those cases, for the reason that the
commissioners are confined in the act which
provided for their appointment to allowing for
"storesor supplies taken during the rebellion
for the use of the Army of the United States
in States proclaimed as in insurrection against
the United States, including the use and loss
of vessels and goods." Those cases are both
cases of appropriation of real Estate, as was
alleged, for the use of the United States, the
veto message going on the ground that the
property there was destroyed by the ravages
of war instead of being an appropriation. I
have consented to this bill because the com-
mittee, so far as they have been enabled to
make examination, bave stricken out those
cases which they thought infringed upon the
rule heretofore observed by the committee
and by the Senate. And while there may be yet
some mistake in overstepping that line in this
very large bill, they are not eertainly more
than would have been committed by the com-
mittee itself if it had been called upon to
examine such a large number of cases.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand the Senator
to say that he does not himself know of any
ease which infringes on the statute or the prin-
ciple we have acted on ?
Mr. SCOTT. I do not.
It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
asenath stephenson.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill (No.
3484) granting a pension to Asenath Stephen-
son, •
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R, No. 3484) granting a
pension to Asenath Stephenson. It is a direc-
tion to the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to the restric-
tions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Asenath Stephenson, dependent
mother of Leroy Stephenson, late a private of
company G sixty-first Illinois volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and
jedediah gray.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2988) granting an increase of pension to
Jedediah Gray.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. The Secretary of the In-
terior is directed by the bill to place the name
of Jedediah Gray on the pension-roll for an
increase of pension of two dollars per month,
to be paid from the passage of the act, making
a full pension of eight dollars per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 4051) making appro
priations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 80, 1873, and for
other purposes, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
jennie b. savage.
Mb. PRATT. I move that the Senatepro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (Bf, R.
No. 2554) for the relief of Jennie E. Savage.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill, which proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Jennis E. Savage, a minor child of William
J?. Savage, who was a contract surgeon in the
United States Army, on the pension list, and
to pay to her legally authorized guardian the
pension due her father's rank as surgeon, from
the 16thday pf February, 1871, until she arrives
at the age of sixteen years, unless she should
die before that date.
The bill wns reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
william e, and john m. farley.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate
proceed to the eonaideration of the bill (H.
R, No. 2563) granting a pension to Willian E.
Farley and John M. Farley.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill, by which the Secretary of
the Interior is directed to place on the pension-
roil, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the names of Wiliiam E.
Farley and John M. Farley, minor children
of A. J. Farley, late a private in company F
fifth regiment West Virginia infantry.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
sarah pokd.
Mr. PRATT, I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
2339.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2339) granting a
pension to Sarah Pond. It directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll the name of Sarah Pond, widow of Adam
Pond, who served as a private soldier in the
war of the Revolution, and to pay her a pen-
sion at the rate of eight dollars per month
from the passage of the act during her natural
life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
julia cosgrove.
Mr-. PRATT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2765) granting a pension to Julia Cos-
grove.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill, which provides for placing
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Julia Cosgrove, widow of Edward Cosgrove,
late a private in company K twenty-fourth
regiment Veteran Reserve corps.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
antoine brossa.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
3799) granting a pension to Antoine Brossa.
The motion was agreed'to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill, which proposes to place ou
the pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name ot'
Antoine Brossa, late a private in company I
eighty-third regiment New York volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
