1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2075
ann e. boyle.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (8. No.
1588) granting a pension to Ann E. Boyle,
widow of Commodore Junius J. Boyle.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Interior to place on
the Navy pension-rolls the name of Ann E.
Boyle, widow of Commodore Junius J. Boyle,
late of the United States Navy; to receive
from and after the passage of the act the pay
of a in the Navy, subject to the provis-
ions and limitations of the pension laws.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) There is a blank in the
bill to be filled.
Mr. PRATT. That bill was reported by
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Hill.]
Mr. HILL. It should be filled with " lieu-
tenant."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The blank
will be so filled, if there be no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
iu. The bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
margaret l. bybke.
Mr. PRATT. I move the Senate proceed
to the consideration of House bill No. 2459,
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2459) restoring
to the pension-rolls the name of Margaret L.
Bybee. The Secretary of the Interior is_ di-
rected by the bill to restore to the pension-
rolls the name of Margaret L. Bybee, and to
pay her a pension at the same rate as was
paid her previous to her name being stricken
from said pension-rolls.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Pensions with an amendment, in line seven,
after the words "pension-rolls" to insert "from
and after the passage of this act."
Mr. ALCORN. I hope the amendment
will not be agreed to.
Mr. HILL. I will state to the Senate before
the amendment is voted upon that the proofs
are very ample that this old lady was cut off
from the receipt of her pension by no fault of
hers. She is very old, about eighty years of
age, and had nothing in the world to do with
the rebellion. It was solely her misfortune
that she lived at Memphis and went to the
house of her daughter, in the State of Missis-
sippi, her only daughter, and that is the reason
why she lost her pension during this time.
Mr. ALCORN. I beg leave to add a singla
word. I am sure I am not, if I am aware of
it, unnecessarily occupying the attention of
the Senate. This old lady is now seventy-
eight years of &ge  She is th© daughter of
Governor Adair, of Kentucky. She is the
descendant of soldiers and statesmen. Her
husband, Colonel Anderson, was a gallant
soldier in the war of 1812. He lost his life at
the head of his regiment. _ Governor Adair, I
would state, was the associate of the first men
of the early portion of the present century.
He was also a soldier at the battle of New Or-
leans, an officer there. This old lady has
undergone many privations. She has been
reduced to poverty. She has made her way
thus far without the assistance of the Govern-
ment. As was stated by the Senator from
Georgia, she was cat off from her pension by
no fault of her own. She is a worthy, good
woman, so indorsed by every one, and i do
trust that the Senate will in this instance res-
tore her to the pension-list without the amend-
ment reported by the committee. 1 think it a
case that ought to be made exceptional, and
besides that the amendment endangers the
passage of the bill. She is entirely dependent,
and if the Senate will pass the bill as it came
from the House, the heart of the old woman
will be gladdened, and an act of justice will
be done by Congress.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions
have not recommended to the Senate in a
single instance during this session the pay-
ment of arrears of pension. To reject this
amendment would be to establish a"precedent
to be followed in the future. Besides, it would
be great injustice to others who have equal
claim with this lady on the Government for
arrears of pension. I hope there will be no
departure in this instance from the general
rule which has been followed by the committee
and by the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
elizabeth zluhan".
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
2484.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2484) for the
relief of Elizabeth Zluhan. The preamble
recites that Jonathan Zluhan, late a private
in the ninety-third regiment of Pennsylvania
volunteers, in his lifetime established his right,
Under the act of June 17, 1870, to an artificial
arm, by reason of the loss of the left arm in
the service of the United States, and, under the
provisions of section two of the act, elected
instead the commutation in monej; provided
in that section; and that the acting Com-
missioner of Pensions,.on the 8th of May,
1871, directed the pension agent at Philadel-
phia to pay the commutation to Zluhan : that
Zluhan was accidentally drowned on the 16th
of May, 1871, and before the commutation
order was received; and that the order has
never been paid, and the officers of the Gov-
ernment refuse to pay the same. The bill
therefore directs the Commissioner of Pen-
sions to pay, or cause to be paid, to Elizabeth
Zluhan, widow of Jonathan Zluhan, the sum
of fifty dollars, commutation money to which
he was entitled in his lifetime.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
john tuell.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 2480.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2480) granting a
pension to John Tuell. The Secretary of the
Interior is directed by the bill to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
John Tuell, father of Daniel Tuell, late a pri-
vate in company D fourth regiment Pennsyl-
vania cavalry volunteers.
The hill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
nancy goddard.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the House bill
No. 2540 granting a pension to Nancy God-
dard.
The motion was agreed to : and the ben-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeds
to consider the bill (H. R. No. 2540) grant-
ing a pension to Nancy Goddard. It is a
direction to the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of ihe pension laws,
the name of Nancy Goddard, widow -of
Thomas W. Goddard, late a private in com-
pany B second regiment East Tennessee vol
unteers. , _ ... .
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
benjamin f. berkley.
Mr. PRATT. I move to proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 1619, grant-
ing a pension to Benjamin F, Berkley.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1619) granting a
pension to Benjamin F. Berkley. It provides
for placing on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Benjamin F, Berkley, first lieu-
tenant in the seventh regiment of Illinois cav-
alry volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
susan davis.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1444) granting a pension to Susan Davis,
dependent mother of William W, Davis, de-
ceased, late a private in company E one
hundred and third regiment of Pennsylvania
infantry volunteers.
. The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill, which directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-rolls,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Susan Davis, de-
pendent mother of William W. Davis, late a
private in company E one hundred and third
regiment of Pennsylvania infantry volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed. *
josiah wilson.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
3720, granting a pension to Josiah Wilson, a
soldier of the war of 1812.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill, whieh provides for placing
upon the pension-roll the name of Josiah Wil-
son, of Salem, Washington county, New York,
who served in Captain Daniel St. John's com-
pany New York militia, in the war of 1812
with Great Britain, the pension to be at the
rate .of eight dallars a month from the 14th of
February, 1871.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
zenas bradley.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
2138.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 2138) granting a
pension to Zenas Bradley, of Allen, Alleghany
county, New York.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Pensions with amendments.
The first amendment was in line six, after
the word "New York," to_ insert the words
"late private company A sixteenth regiment
veteran reserve mounted volunteers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight, after
"pension-laws" to insert "to be paid at the
rate of eight dollars a month from the passage
of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ments be engrossed, and the bill read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed. samcel shdler.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill Ho.
1800.
