iW
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
. The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Ann Hensley, mother
of William Hensley, deceased, late a sergeant
of the first provincial regiment of Missouri
volunteers, and pay her a pension at the rate
of eight dollars a month from the passage of
this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
- Mr. WAKEMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
.the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OP PENSION LAW.
Mr. SPEER, from the committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 3751)
to. repeal so much of section six of the act of
July 4, 1864, granting pensions, as limits the
■time in which claims for pensions may be
granted, and for other purposes.
The, bill was read. It repeals so much of
section six of the act approved July 4, 1864,
.as provides " that no pension claim now on
.file, unless prosecuted to a successful issue
•within three years from the passage of the act,
and no claim hereafter filed not thus prose-
cuted to a successful issue within five years
from the date of such filing, shall be admitted
.without satisfactory record evidence from the
War Department to establish the same." It
is further provided that any claim for pension
now on file which is barred by the section
-repealed may be granted and allowed within
.two years from the passage of the act, upon
satisfactory parol evidence, as in other cases.
•Mr. SPEER. A word of explanation on
this bill will, I think, satisfy the House that it
should pass. The sixth section of the act
of 1864 provides that all applications for pen-
sion on file at that time must be completed
within three years or be.barred, unless the
evidence necessary to complete them can be
obtained at the war Department. And it
further provides that all applications filed
after that date shall be barred within five
years from the date of filing, unless evidence
necessary to complete them can be furnished
from the records of the War Department.
Now, it will be observed this act inflicts a pen-
alty upon the soldier. He may have filed his
application for a pension in 1865 and vet not
be able to complete the proof until 1871, six
years after the date of the filing, and under
the sixth section of the act of 1864 his claim
will be barred ; whereas if he had not filed his
application for a pension until 1871, had stood
by fov six years and done nothing1, waited
until 1871 when he could have completed his
proof, and then filed his claim, it would have
been granted.
This sixth section works the most absurd
and unjust results and has been the subject
of frequent complaint throughout the country,
and the highest interests of the soldier as well
as the dictates of common justice require this
bill should pass. There is no reason why a
pension should be barred after five years if the
applicant can satisfy the Department by satis-
factory parol evidence the claim should be
^a"u l There is no reason why a pension
should be granted six years after the claim for
pension was made, if the War Department
records show the proof to be complete, which
does not apply when the same degree of proof
can be furnished to the pension department
by parol evidence. The soldier has no control
of the feeords of the War Department. He
had nothing to do with making them up. They
are often erroneously made up. They are
often the result of accident; often made from
hearsay evidence. They show sometimes the
neglect of officers of the Government, some-
times_ their honest mistakes, and sometimes
their ignorance. Yet the sixth section of this
act of 1864 punishes the innocent soldier for
the neglecf, ignorance, or mistake of the Gov-
ernment officer.
Is the soldier entitled to a pension, or is his
representative who applies for it entitled to a
pension ? The answer to that inquiry should
depend alone on the proof furnished. If that
proof can be furnished by living witnesses of
respectable character, who have no interest in
the application, which would satisfy any court
of justice of its truth, then I say that sort of
evidence should be sufficient for the Pension
Bureau and sufficient to satisfy the Commis-
sioner. of Pensions under the law. There
should be no effect given to the records of the
War Department, after a lapse of five years,
which is not at the same time given to com
petent, satisfactory parol evidence. Hence this
bill simply proposes that any applicant for i
pension who can at any time satisfy the Pen
sion Bureau he ought to have a pension by
satisfactory, competent, parol evidence, irre-
spective of the time, whether two, three, four,
or five years afterward, shall have his appli-
cation granted.
It goes a little further and provides that
those claims already barred by section six of
the act of 1864 shall be granted within two
years from the passage of this act on the appli-
cant furnishing satisfactory parol evidence as
in other cases. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman permit me to make an inquiry?
Mr. SPEER. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to know
whether I am right in my understanding of
this bill, that it repeals the statute of l'mita-
tions_ in regard to the filing of applications for
pensions.
Mr. SPEER. It does.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In other words,
then, we have had since 1864 fixed by law a
term within which applications for pensions
must be filed and proof made, after which
time applications would be barred. As I
understand this bill, from this time parol
evidence may be made without limitation as
to time in reference to which claims may be
filed in the Pension Bureau.
Mr. SPEER. The gentleman from Ohio is
in error. The application may be filed to-day
and be granted in five years on parol evidence,
or it may run for ten years, and if at the end
of that time the records of the War Depart-
ment show it ought to be granted, it will be
granted. _ Now, I say if the applicant who filed
his application five years ago furnish parol
evidence which ought to satisfy any court of
justice or any unbiased man that the claim is
a just one, it ought to be granted precisely as
if the records of the War Department fur-
nished that evidence, or as it would be if he
had not filed his claim until to-day. It does
not seem to me just or necessary that the Gov-
ernment shoul I have the right to plead the
statute of limitations upon the men who risked
their lives to save it, especially when that lim-
itation is invoked against the prompt, earnest
soldier who made an early application.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow me, I wish to say that it is
precisely that point to which I desire to call
attention, that the longer the time which
elapses the more difficult it is to detect fraud-
ulent parol testimony. Testimony on file in
the way of record evidence in the War Depart-
ment is of course always accessible, and can
always be examined, and certainty can be had
about it. But everybody knows how easy it
is to get up parol testimony, and how difficult
it is to resist it after the lapse of many years.
A surgeon, for instance, is found, and he testi-
fies now that he remembers that ten years ago
such a man was disabled, and that statement
pat on hie makes it exceedingly difficulty for
the Pension Bureau to determine whether that
evidence is correct or not. I think that the
old law is wise. If the gentleman knows of
special cases that ought to be liberated from
the old law, let us liberate them.
Mr. SPEER. Let me show to the gentle-
man from Ohio and to the House one of the
unjust and absurd results which follow from
the present law. If a soldier had applied for
a pension in 1865, and bad not been able to
complete his proof until 1871, he would not get
it under the present law, but if he had stood
by and done nothing until 1871, and then made
application for a pension, being able to fur-
nish parol proof, he would get it. Hence the
diligent soldier, who has been trying all along
to furnish the proof and failed, is punished by
the law, whereas the negligent soldier, who
has remained idle for six years, till by some
accident parol evidence turns up, is able to
get the pension. , The law rewards the idle
soldier and punishes the diligent soldier.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is this the unani-
mous report of the committee ?
Mr. SPEER. It is.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I did not under-
stand that it was.
Mr. SPEER. Did the gentleman under-
stand from any member of the committee
that he did not agree to the report?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I had the impres-
sion merely that it was not the unanimous
report of the committee.
Mr, SPEER. If any member of the com-
mittee has so stated to the gentleman I hope
he will name him.
Mr. MOORE. As this question has elicited
a considerable amount of discussion, I desire
to say that we passed a bill here a few weeks
ago taking off the bar in reference to the cases
that are now under discussion. The Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions in the Senate have
considered the general pension law that we
passed here last winter, and they have adopted
that amendment to the pension laws which we
passed a few weeks ago. That bill, I think,
will pass the Senate.
Mr. SPEER. The amendment does not
reach these cases at all. It is not so broad
or liberal as this bill.
Mr. MOORE. 1 know that; but I did not
think the House would be willing to adopt any-
thing more liberal than that.
Mr. SPEER. That only applies to the cor-
rection of the records of the War Department,
thus admitting that errors and mistakes creep
into those records and work injustice. But it
does not reach the large class of cases now
barred by law, where the applicants can uever
be pensioned unless the law be changed,
although they have now on file in the Pension
Office evidence clearly showing their right to
pensions. The injustice of the present law is
so manifest and monstrous that this bill should
be unanimously passed.
Mr. MOORE. Well, move the previous
question.
Mr. SPEER. I move the previous question,
lhe previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SPEER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
lhe latter motion was agreed to,
CHAKLES M. POTT.
Mr. SPEER also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 3828) a further
supplement to an act for the relief of Charles
time was read a first and second
Jb ^fUrWaS read" Tt P™Poses to amend
ixtri L?T¥?aa aPProved 20th December,
1864 entitled An act for the relief of Charles
M. Pott, so as to enable the said Charles M.
Pott, a one-armed soldier, to draw a pension
at the rate of eighteen dollars per month.
