1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
of the heads of division as chief clerk of the bureau
without additional compensation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I venture,
with the acquiescence, I believe, of my friend
from Ohio, to move to amend on page 3,
line sixteen, by inserting after the word
"amended" the words "and supplemented."
Some of these additional acts are not only
amendatory but supplemental ; and when you
get into a criminal court in a criminal prose-
cution, the distinction, although it is merely
nominal in a legislative way. may be import-
ant. When you come to judicial consider-
ations. it is something more than nominal.
Therefore, as it does not do any harm and
does not impair the strength of what has
already been provided, I move to amend by
adding the words "and supplemented," so as
to coverall possible construction that the courts
may put upon these new acts.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. VICKERS. Can a vote now be taken
on any single amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote
will be taken on all the amendments together,
unless such as Senators may desire to have
reserved.
Mr. VICKERS. I desire to have theamend-
ment on page 7, beginning at line tweuty-
eight, reserved.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be noted, and the question will be
on concurring in the other amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
reserved by the Senator from Maryland, which
will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment re-
served is to insert as an additional clause on
page 7, line twenty-seven, the following words :
That section fifty be so amended as to authorize
the appointment of tweuty-iive additional revenue
agents until July 1, 1874.
Mr. VICKERS. My motion is to non-
concur in that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment. The
Senator accomplishes his object by voting
against it.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I call for
the yeas and nays on the question of concur-
ring in that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I concurred in committee
in reporting this bill, and approved of its
general object. I had intended to say at a
prior stage of this debate, when the measure
was discussed by the Senator from California,
that I considered his criticism upon the non-
action of the officers of the Government
charged by the law of June C, 1872, with the
consolidation of revenue districts, and the
consequent diminution in the number of the
officers and the expense of collection, as en-
tirely just. As I heard it I considered it just,
and in the short time that has elapsed since
then I am confirmed by reflection that it is en-
tirely just. But because there was a failure
on the part of those charged by the law of
June 6, 1872, with the consolidation of the
revenue districts and the consequent diminu-
tion of the cost of collecting the revenue, t£
perforin the duty enjoiced upon them by law,
and because I had giver, up the hope that be-
tween now and the 1st of January, some two
weeks off, this duty would be performed, I was
not disposed to withhold my assent to another
measure which is absolutely and practically
beneficial in its results.
The present bill does largely diminish the
number of officers absolutely after the 1st of
July next. I was disposed to beiieve that that
reduction would take place before the 1st of
July, that the period of six months of interim
was unnecessarily long; but I yielded to the
suggestion of the officers of the revenue pres-
ent at the discussion in committee, that time
is necessary, some months at least, to prepare
for these large changes in so complicated a
machine as the collection of the revenues of
the United States.
My object in speaking at all on this bill
now is chiefly to meet the objection of my
friend from Maryland, [Mr. Vickers.] The
Senate will observe that by section two new
authority and new duties are transferred to
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, who is
himself to assess and superintend, and inquire
into and make determination of assessments
in certain enumerated cases contained in the
second section.
The Senate and the Senator from Maryland
will observe that after the abolition of the office
of assessor of internal revenue and his assist-
ants, numbering in all some thirteen or four-
teen hundred officers, new duties will be thrown
upon the Commissioner of Internal Revenue ;
and these agents whose term is limited for one
year are in my opinion essential to enable him
to meet the demands made upon him by these
new duties transferred to him in consequence
of the abolition of the office of assistant assess-
or. I believe it is discretionary with him as
to the number of these revenue agents. I
understand the object of that appointment is
twenty-five special officers, who are to assist
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue in
making the assessments after the assessors
and their assistants have been out of office.
It is not obligatory upon him to appoint either
the whole number or for the entire year, but
in no case can their appointment extend
beyond the twelve months ending June 30,
1874.
I look upon it as a reasonable and proper
amendment consequent upon the reduction of
the force for the assessment, which will throw
upon the Commissioner new duties because of
the reduction of the assessing force, and I
consider that the number of these officials
and the term of their office are only reason-
able. I am entirely willing to trust the gentle-
man who has charge of that subject with the
discretion which the law contains in itself in
this respect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, on which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 44, nays 2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Casserly, Chandler,
Clayton,Conkling, Cooper, Corbett, Edmunds, Fen-
ton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Flan-
agan, Frelinghuysen,Gilbert, Hamlin, Howe, John-
ston, Kelly. Logan. Maehen, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Pratt, llamsey, Ransom, Kobertson,
Schurz, Sherman, Spencer. Stevenson, Sumner,
Tipton, West, Wilson, and Windom—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Hamilton of Maryland, and Vick-
ers—2.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Boreman,
Brownlow, Cameron, Cole, Cragin, Davis, Goldth-
waite, Hamilton of Texas, Ifarlan, Hill. Hitchcock,
Kellogg, Lewis, Morton, Nye, Pool, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Scott, Sprague. Stewart, Stockton,
Thurman, Trumbull, and Wright—28.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
message from tub house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
1211) to authorize the National Bank at Lyons,
Michigan, to change its location and name.
The message also announced that the House
non-concurred in the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. li. No 3124) to provide for
the removal of the sunken wreck which now
obstructs the channel-way off Sandy Hook,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Samuel Siiellabakger of Ohio. Mr. Omar
D. Conger of Michigan, and Mr. Samuel S.
Cox of New York, managers at the same on
its part.
The message also returned, in compliance
with the request of the Senate, the following
bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 3123) to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to transport in a Gov-
ernment vessel, free of duty, a monument
designed by Admiral Porter to be erected in
the grouuds of the Naval Academy at Annap-
olis, in memory of the officers, seamen, and
marines of the Navy ; and
A bill (S. No. 1059) authorizing a settle-
ment of the claim of the estate of the late
Rear Admiral John A. Dahlgren.
obstruction at sandy hook.
The Senate proceeded to consider its
amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 3124) to
provide for the removal of the sunken wreck
which now obstructs the channel-way off Sandy
Hook, disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives, and,
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ment to the stiid bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
By unanimous consentthe Vice President was
authorized to appoint the conferees on the part
of the Senate, and Mr. Fkelinghuyskn, Mr.
Conkling, and Mr. Thurman were appointed.
message from the house,
i A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
I Senate:
1 A bill (H. R. No. 3129) for the relief of
Scales & Manning, of Nashville, Tennessee ;
I and
i A bill (H. R. No. 3130) authorizing the
exchange of registered bonds for coupon
bonds.
enrolled bills.
The message further announced that the
1 Speaker of the House had signed the foliow-
\ ing enrolled bills:
i A bill (H. R. No. 620) for the relief of
Thomas C. Martin, Emilia E. Martin, Jane
G. Martin, aud Leonore Martin, children of
J. E. Martin, deceased ;
A bill (H. R. No. 845) to quiet the titles to
certain lands in the State of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 2332) to fix the salary
of the members of the Board of Health of the
District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 2027) for the relief of
William Howard;
A bill (S. No. 819) authorizing the con-
struction of railroad bridges across the Mobile
river, and other navigable streams tributary to
Mobile bay, in accordance with the acts of the
Legislature of the State of Alabama, and to
establish them as post roads ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1735) to provide for ad-
; journed terms of the supreme court of Arizona ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3125) to remove the dis-
abilities of Lucius Q. C. Lamar ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2291) for the relief of
Edmund Jussen.
house bills referred.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles and referred to the Committee
on Finance :
A bill (H. R. No. 3129) for the relief of
Scales & Manning, of Nashville, Tennessee ;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 3130) authorizing the
exchange of registered bonds for coupon
bonds.
the boston fire
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The Calendar is now before the
Senate.
