2078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
from and after the time the act shall take
effect 5 and all money expended by virtue of
the act is to be paid from the naval pension
fund.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Pensions with an amendment in line seven,
to strike out "thirty" and insert "twenty-
five;" so as to read "at the rate of twenty
five dollars per month,"&c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and, the amendment was con-
curred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ment be engrossed and the bill read a third
time.* The bill was read the third time, and
JAMES M'KEAN.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
3811, granting a pension to James McKean.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of James
McKean, late a private in company K twen-
tieth regiment Iowa volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ELLEN COLLINS.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
3831, granting a pension to Ellen Collins.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. The Secretary of the In-
terior is directed by the bill to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
Ellen Collins, widow of Mark Collins, late a
private in Company B fifty-fourth regiment
Pennsylvania volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
TJNITY WELSH.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House Will No.
2482, granting a pension to Unity Welsh, of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place on the pension-roll the
name of Unity Welsh, of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, the mother of Henry Welsh, an offi-
cer of the Marine Corps, who died of disease
contracted in the service during the Mexican
war, and pay her a pension at the rate of
twenty-five dollars per month, to continue
daring her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PIIEBE SOFIELD.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1271 to amend an actentled "An act granting
a pension to Phebe Sofield, widow of Lewis
Sofield."
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to amend the act
entitled "An act granting a pension to Phebe
Eofield," approved April 4, 1871, so that the
pension provided for in the act shall date
from the 4th day of March, 1848, and the
Secretary of the Interior is directed to place
the name of Phebe Sofield on the pension-
roil as of that date, and to pay her a pension
at the pate provided for in the act from that
date ; but no payment is to be made for any
time for which payment has already been
made under the provisions of the act hereby
amended.
The bill was reported from the Committee
•on Pensions with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
in line eight, to strike out " 48 " and insert
" 60 j" bo as to read, " shall date from the 4th
day of March, 1860," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end
of the bill the words "but the residue shall
be paid to Susan K. Moore, the legatee of
said Phebe Sofield."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments were con-
curred in. It was ordered that J,he amend-
ments be engrossed, and the bill read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed.
MBS. ELIZA HICKS.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
2488, granting a pension to Mrs. Eliza Hicks.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to place on the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Mrs. Eliza Hicks,
widow of Colonel Stephen G. Hicks, late
colonel of the fortieth regiment Illinois volun-
teer infantry, and pay her a pension from the
date of the passage of this act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
edward t0cker.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
2561, to grant a pension to Edward Tucker.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sjon-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of Edward
Tucker, late a private in company F second
regiment Maryland volunteer infantry.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
DURANT T. HUNT.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
3832, granting a pension to Durant T. Hunt.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior is directed by the bill to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of Durant
T. Hunt, late a private of company A fourth
regiment Iowa cavalry volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MRS. MOLLIS L. ROBERTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe that con-
cludes the pension bills.
Mr. PRATT. I desire before yielding the
floor to have one or two orders made. I move
a reconsideration of the vote by which the bill
(H. R. No. 2436) granting a pension to Mrs.
MoIIie L. Roberts was indefinitely postponed.
I make that motion for the purpose of having
the case put upon the Calendar with the ad-
verse report of the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That Mary J. Morse, of Lawrenoe, Mass-
achusetts, have leave to withdraw from the files of
the Senate her petition and papers, on filing oopies
of the same with the Seoretary.
SOLDIERS 0* WAR OV 1812.
Mr. BOREMAN obtained the Boot.
Mr. PEATT. Will the Senator allow me
to make a report from a committee.
Mr. BOREMAN. Certainly.
Mr. PRATT. The majority of the Commit-
tee on Pensions have directed me to_ report
back without amendment House bill No.
3503 restoring the names of certain persons to.
the pension-roll, and in amendment of an act
entitled "An act granting pensions to the sur-
vivors of the war of 1812, ' approved Febru-
ary 14, 1871.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a disputed case.
That does not come in under the understand-
ing.
Mr. PRATT. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar.
Mr. ROBERTSON. That bill is on the Cal-
endar now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it cannot
be reported back by the committee if it is on
the Calendar.
Mr. ROBERTSON. It is on page 19.
The VICE PRESIDENT The Senator from
South Carolina states that this bill iB already
on the Calendar, and if it is on the Calendar,
it cannot be reported back.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair misunderstood
the Senator from Indiana. He merely stated
that he' had been directed to report-the bill
back and call the attention of the Senate to it.
Mr. PRATT. That was all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But that being a dis-
puted case, does not fall within the understand-
ing we had that he might pass pension bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia has a right to the floor
which would prevent the bill being considered.
WILLIAM SPENCB.
Mr. BOREMAN. I now move, on behalf
of the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Brown-
low,] to proceed to the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 1556) for the relief of William
Spence.
The Chief Clerk read the bill! It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Wil-
liam Spence, of Murfreesborough, Tennessee,
the sum of $24,290 80, in full satisfaction for
all grain, horses, cattle, mules, and hogs of
the property of Spence, taken, seized, and
used by the military authorities of the United
States during the late war of the rebellion, at
or near Murfreesborough, during the years
1862 and 1863.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a case that has
been passed on the Calendar, I think, as an
objected case. It involves the came question
as the Milton Best class of cases, being for
military seizures and destructions, and ex-
poses us to a discussion of all that question.
I should be very glad indeed to accommodate
my honorable friend from Tennessee, but I
think he will see the propriety of letting this
bill go over to the next session.
Mr. BOREMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, it does not involve those questions at all,
as I understand it. I examined the case
thoroughly, and made the report. It is too
long to be read here at this late period of the
session. The claim is for grain, cattle, hogs,
mules, and horses taken and used by the
Army, and is as clearly proven as any case I
ever examined in my life.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not the point as
to the amount of proof. A regular warlike
destruction can be easily proved, and proved
very clearly indeed. You can prove any
quantity of them everywhere. I do not
doubt that my friend is entirely sincere when
he says he thinks it does not involve the
questions to which I have referred ; but there
are other Senators who have a different opin-
ion ; and therefore, as it ig one of those mat-
ters of dispute and difficulty, in these last
hours of the session, with so many bills about
which there is no dispute and difficulty, if we
