154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 2993, being ft bill for the relief of
the sufferers by lire iu Boston.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Chair what
effect that will have upon the order of the
Senate as to the Calendar? Will it only sus-
pend it for the time being?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it is laid
aside informally it will only suspend it for the
time, and the Chair understood the Senator
from Massachusetts to ask to have it laid
aside informally by general consent.
Mr. WILSON. That is what I desire.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the bill mentioned by
the Senator from Massachusetts, being the bill
(H. R. No. 2093) for the relief of the suffer-
ers by fire in Boston, will be regarded as before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was read. It provides for the pay-
ment, under such regulations as the Secretary
of the Treasury shall prescribe, on all mate-
rials imported into the port and district of
Boston and Charlestown, to be used, and actu-
ally used, in the construction and completion
of buildings erected on the site of buildings
burned by the fire of November 9 and 10,1872,
a drawback of the import duties paid on the
same; and this drawback is to be allowed on
such goods so imported and so used as shall
be in warehouse on the day the act goes into
effect. But the materials shall have been
imported and used during the term of one
year from and after the passage of the act.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Finance with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
in line five, after the word "materials," to
insert the words "except lumber."
Mr. WILSON. I hope these words will
not be inserted. In our part of the country,
I think, lumber is of more consequence than
anything else in this connection.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. It is not my !
purpose to oppose the passage of this bill; but
if the Seuator from Massachusetts insists upon
non-concurring in my amendment, proposed
by the committee, I shall feel it my duty to
insist on its inclusion. It will be remembered
that when substantially the same bill, provid--
ing relief for the city of Chicago, was before
the Senate we had a lengthy discussion upon
it, which finally ended in the article of lumber
being excepted. I felt it to be my duty then,
as representing in part a State which is largely
engaged in the production of lumber, the com-
modity proposed to be excepted by the amend-
ment, to insist upon its exception, inasmuch
as the State of Michigan had suffered largely
by fire concurrent with that which swept over
the city of Chicago. I will frankly state that
I am not so tenacious in insisting upon the
exclusion of lumber from this bill in the case
of Boston since I learn that the Represent-
atives of the State of Maine, a State more
directly interested perhaps than any western
State in the consumption of this article by
Boston, do not insist upon it; and yet I be- -
lieve it to be the duty of the Senate to treat
both cities of Chicago and Boston alike.
It is well known that I opposed this method
of relief before because I believed it hostile to
the policy of the Government, and in fact a
direct impingement on the settled policy of
the revenue system of the country. It is an
exceptional interference with commercial val-
ues, and opens a breach in your tariff, and as
a consequence violates the just uniformity of i
a beneficent policy. It will be remembered I
that I offered an amendment to the Chicago ]
bill providing instead that the sum of $400,000
be taken out of the Treasury and applied
toward the relief of the sufferers by the fire in
that city. I did so because I believed that was
the most direct and the most manly method of
approaching the subject in the discharge of our
duties with proper regard to the interests of the
whole people. I considered that the bill as
framed proposed to compel the State which I
have the honor in part to represent to do more
than its proportion toward the relief of Chicago,
while at the same time enduring and suffering
a like misfortune with the city of Chicago. I
therefore deemed the bill in that respect unjust
to the State of Michigan, and I could not will-
ingly impose upon her additional burdens,
while at the same time possessing as much
sympathy, and as ready to practically show it,
toward the people of Chicago as any other
Senator on this floor.
It was not my purpose to say much on this
subject, but I trust I shall be pardoned for
taking up a little time upon it, inasmuch as
my position with my colleagues has been re-
ferred to in a public manner, and I deem it
my duty here in my place to renew my pro-
test against this method of relief.
My judgement is, that if you propose to pass
a bill of relief at all, make it similar to the one
in the case of Chicago, and that I am ready to
support. With Chicago deriving benefits un-
der such legislative relief, and now under like
provisions the city of Boston, the West and
the East will have been treated alike, and
thereafter I am determined to oppose any
further extension of this misdirected and im-
politic interference with sound policy. I could
not now be behind the Senators from Massa-
chusetts in a dispositien to afford all aid in
our power to a city which has thus suffered,
especially under the examples already set.
At the same time I believe that Senators are
establishing by these exceptional repetitions
precedents wrought into rule which will re-
turn to plague us hereafter, and therefore I
deem it my duty to utter again my emphatic
protest against this system of relief.
I stated in the discussion on the Chicago
bill that it would be barren of the results ex-
pected by its immediate supporters. I stated
that while the number of articles proposed to
be exempted was thirty-five and the aggregate
amount of duties upon those articles imported
during 1871 was something like eleven million
dollars, I believed that practically the relief
bill would prove availing only to those who
were in great measure able to reerect their
buildings, and that the ma«8of sufferers would
derive no benefit whatever from the measure.
I further stated that if you were to adopt a
measure of relief of this kind you should
extend it not only to the real estate holders
who proposed to reerect their burnt buildings,
but to the merchants and tenants of that
city, who were greater sufferers in comparison
to the amount of their capital than the land-
holders whose buildings had been destroyed
by the fire. The landholders still held their
real estate as valuable as ever, while the mer-
chant saw his whole capital reduced to ashes.
I am happy to learn that time has vindicated
those views I expressed on that bill. I have
taken the trouble to ascertain to what extent
this relief has been enjoyed, and I state here
that the whole amount of relief to the city of
Chicago under the bill so pertinaciously and
ably presented by my friend from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] was but $13,214 29, as it is
stated by the Treasury Department. My propo-
sition then was that instead of the method of
remission of duties the sum of $400,000 should
be given for the relief of Chicago out of the
Treasury of the United States, the fund of
all the people, and that amount I arrived at
based upon the amount of relief accorded the
city of Portland under a bill passed by Con-
gress.
I desire, in justice to my position then in
behalf of the State which I in part represent,
that the attention of Senators should be called
to this fact. Under that bill and the supposed
large measure of relief to the city of Chicago
there has been received but a little over
$13,000 of benefit; and if I were to analyze
this statement I could show that it has been
confined to but a very few citizens, and those
citizens men who were more able to sustain
the loss than many of the citizens of Michigan,
who suffered their losses in silence, and made
no appeal to Congress for relief upon any
pretext whatever.
Now, Mr. President, I should rest the case
here had not my attention been called to a letter
which has appeared in the Boston press from
the mayor of the city of Chicago, answering
two questions propounded by a citizen of
Boston bearing upon this subject of relief,
and I refer to this to place upon the records of
the Senate, not only my protest against this
system of legislation, but the historical fact
that in the opinion of the executive officer of
that municipality a similiar bill of relief for
the city of Chicago was actually barreii of the
results expected by its provisions. I will read
the first question propounded to the mayor of
Chicago, and a portion of his answer:
" Mayor's Office, Chicago, November 20.
" Dear Sib : I have your favor of the 18th inatant,
asking several questions touching matters growing
out of the Chicago fire, which I shall endeavor to
answer seriatim,
"You wish to have my judgment upon the proposi-
tion to authorize the city of Boston to make loans
of municipal credit to parties whose buildings were
destroyed by lire, under the light of the experience
of this city.
"I do not feel at liberty to express an opinion as
to what the city of Boston should do in the prem-
ises ; but I have no hesitation in saying that I should
deem it unwise for the city of Chicago to loan its
credit for the purpose stated. The city could not
afford to make a gift of its credit to those who lost
buildings hy fire, for that would be equivalent to
confiscating a large portion of the property of those
not burned out for the benefit of those that were.
Nor would it be proper for the municipal govern-
ment to mortgage the property of the citizens for the
enrichment of real estate owners whose structures
were destroyed or damaged by fire. In a large ma-
jority of cases the beneficiaries would be persons
possessing vastly more means than those whose
property was encumbered for their pecuniary gain.
And then why should such municipal relief be re-
stricted to the ewners of buildings and not also
extended to the tenants whose stocks of goods were
destroyed?"
Here the mayor of the city of Chicago draws
the line that it would be unfair for the unburnt
portion of the city of Chicago to mortgage its
property for the benefit of the burnt district,
j and then further states that if relief was to be
extended, it should include those who had
suffered by the burning of their merchandise;
that merchants and tenants, as well as land-
, holders, should receive the benefit of the re-
lief bill.
I Now, sir, I desire to paraphrase this answer
! a little, to see how it would read and be ap-
plicable to Michigan, a State in great extent
suffering as well as Chicago from a great con-
' flagration:
" The State "—
I insert " State " in place of " city "—
"could not afford to make a gift of its credit to
those who lost buildings by fire, for that would be
equivalent to confiscating a large portion of the
property of those burned out for the benefit of those
that were also burned. Nor would it be proper for
the Federal Government to exact the property of
the citizons of Michigan for tho enrichment of real
| estate owners, whose structures were destroyed or
damaged by fire. In a large majority of cases the
beneficiaries would b« persons possessing vastly
more means than those whose property was encum-
bered for their pecuniary aid. And then why should
such Federal relief be restricted to the owners of
buildings, and not also extended to the tenants,
whoso stocks of goods were destroyed ?"
I In view of the fact that Michigan suffered
relatively in many places equally with Chicago,
considering the amount of property burned
and the capital possessed, I stated then, and
1 reiterate to-day, that it would be unjust to
compel a burnt district to contribute to the
aid of another burnt district, and here we have
the executive of Chicago saying as much and
more when he writes that it would be unfair
and impolitic to compel the unburned portion
of a city to loan its credit for the benefit of the
burned district.
Now, sir, I call the attention of the Senate
to the second question propounded by the
citizens of Boston :
" You ask for my views ' as to the benefits derived
from tho remission of duties on materials for rebuild-
