1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1119
G one hundred and thirty-fourth regiment
Pennsylvania volunteers, and that she be paid
a pension from the 1st day of March, 1864.
Mr. HOLM AN. Mr. Speaker, that being
contrary to the ordinary rule of the House, I
hope the report will be read.
Mr. McJUNKIN. There is no report in
this case, but the petition sets forth the facts
as they appeared before the committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is out of the regular
practice of the House to extend a pension
back. This provides the pension shall date
back to the 1st of March, 1864, which should
not be done unless there is some special reason
for it.
Mr. McJUNKIN. I move to amend the
bill by granting the pension from and after the
passage of the bill.
Mr. MOORE. It is a mistake, and should
be corrected as suggested by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. McJUNKIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mrs. rebecca taylor.
Mr. McJUNKIN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back the bill (H. R. No. 3007)
granting a pension to Mrs. Rebecca Taylor ;
and moved that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the same, and
that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
laid on the table.
aaron and mary a. tinsley.
Mr. McJUNKIN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back the bill (H. R. No. 1683)
granting a pension to Aaron Tinsley and Mary
Ann Tinsley; and moved that the committee
be discharged from the further consideration
of the same, and that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
laid on the table.
george belter.
Mr. McJUNKIN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back the bill (H. R. No. 1851)
for the relief of George Belter; and moved
that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the game, and that it
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
laid on the table.
susan daggett.
Mr. McJUNKIN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back the petition of Susan
Daggett, of Warren connty, Pennsylvania, and
moved that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the same, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions and War of 1812.
The motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. McJUNKIN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported adversely on the following
petitions; and the same were severally laid on
the table:
The petition of Mrs. G. P. Morrill;
The petition of William D. Duncan ;
The petition of Sarah Harris;
The petition of William Kidney; and
The petition of W. Gans.
bridge across the mississippi.
Mr. PACKER, from the Committee on Rail-
ways and Canals, reported back, with the rec-
commendation that it do pass, with certain
amendments, the bill (H. R. No. 9G9) to
authorize the construction of a bridge across
the Mississippi river at Memphis, Tennessee.
The bill 'was read. It authorizes and em-
powers the Arkansas and Tennessee Bridge
Company, a corporation organized aqd created
under and by virtue of the laws of the State
of Arkansas, and the Tennessee Construction
and_ Contracting Company, a corporation or-
ganized and created under and by virtue of the
laws of Tennessee, jointly to erect, construct,
and maintain a bridge over the Mississippi
river, from or near the city of Memphis, in
the State of Tennesse, to or near the town of
Hopefield, in the State of Arkansas ; provided
that said bridge is built with an unbroken or
continuous span of not less than four hundred
feet in the clear from pier to pier over the
main channel over the river, and is built in
all other respects in accordance with the con-
ditions and limitations of an act approved
July 14, 1862; that the bridge, when com-
pleted in the manner specified, shall be deemed
a legal structure, and shall be a post road for
the transmission of the mails of the United
States, but Congress reserves the right to
withdraw the Authority and power conferred
by this section in case the free navigation of
the river shall at any time be substantially and
materially obstructed by any bridge to be
erected under the authority given in this sec-
tion, or to direct the necessary modifications
of the bridge ; that if said corporations shall
at any time deem it necessary to construct a
substitute for the bridge, between the same
points, or in lieu thereof, the companies may
construct a tubular bridge through the waters
of the river, or a tunnel thereunder, so that
the same does not in any wise interfere with
the navigation of the river; and the tunnel,
or tubular bridge, when completed in the
manner specified, shall be deemed a legal
structure, and shall be a post road for the
transmission of the mails of the United
States, but Congress reserves the right to
withdraw the authority and power given in
case the free navigation of the river is at any
time substantially or materially obstructed
by any tunnel or tubular bridge constructed
under authority of this section, or to direct
the necessary modifications and alterations of
the same.
The second section provides that the com-
panies shall also jointly have the right and
power, pending the construction of the bridge,
and thereafter, if desirable, to employ steam-
boats and suitable water craft in the trans-
portation of passengers and freight between
points.
The third section provides that the act shall
take effect and be in force from and after its
passage.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
amendments reported by the committee.
The Clerk read as follows :
Amend the first section by striking oat all of the
sixteenth line after the word "limitations," and by
striking out the whole of the seventeenth line, and
inserting in lieu thereof the following, to wit, " and
subject to all the terms, restrictions, provisions, and
requirements of the act entitled 'An act further reg-
ulating .the construction of bridges across the Mis-
sissippi river,' approved June 4,1S72. and of sections
two, three, four, and live of an act entitled 'An act
to authorize the construction of a bridge across the
Mississippi river, at or near the town of Clinton, in
the State of Iowa, and other bridges across said
river, and to establish them as post roads," approved
April 1, 1872."
l^urther amend the fii>t section aforecuid by strik-
ing out the whole thereof after the words " of said
bridge " in the twenty-sixth line; that is, strike out
the proviso.
Amend the second section, in the second line, by
striking out the word " pending." and inserting in
lieu thereof the words " during the time necessarily
employed in;" and m the third line by striking out
tho words " and thereafter, if desirable."
Mr. PACKER. The committee by these,
amendments wish to bring the bill into har-
mony with the legislation of last session.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. 1 desire to ask
the gentleman who reports the bill a question.
1 was not in the Hall when it was read. Is
this a bill for a bridge across the Mississippi
river ?
Mr. PACKER. H is.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. At what point?
Mr. PACKER. At Memphis, Tennessee.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. What is the width
of the propose d span ?
Mr. PACKER. Four hundred feet. There
is the same provision in reference to 3pan as
was provided in the general law, reported and
agreed to both by the Committee on Com-
merce and by the Committee on Railways and
Canals, at the last session of Congress.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. That would allow
also a draw-bridge.
Mr. PACKER. Yes, sir; and then the
provision is made that in case there is a draw-
bridge it shall be constructed in the same man-
ner as is provided for with reference to the
construction of the Clinton bridge.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I was not aware
that such a bill was about to be reported to
the House, and I desire to call the attention
of the House to its importance to commerce.
This, as I understand, is the first bill propos-
ing a bridge across the Mississippi river below
the city of St. Louis. It is a subject in which
men interested in the commerce of the Missis-
sippi valley are now deeply interested and are
considering and have not yet determined what is
or ought to be the proper span for such bridges;
but we all agree that no draw-bridges should
ever be built below the Missouri river. I rep-
resent the unanimous opinion that a draw-
bridge of one hundred and fifty or two hun-
dred feet span below the city of St. Louis would
do much damage. Such bridges do enough
damage above that city; but I hope that Con-
gress will not inflict so much damage to the
commerce below that city, where the great New
Orleans steamers and their tow draughts have
to pass. We are now considering whether
high bridges of a span of four hundred feet
should be constructed. The merchants of the
city of St. Louis met yesterday to consider that
subject, and we expect to hear from them to-
morrow. I hope that this bill will be either
referred te the Committee on Commerce or
else recommitted to the Committee on Rail-
roads and Canals, so that the matter may re-
ceive further attention. I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will not press it to-day ; I
was not aware that such a measure was pending.
Mr. COX. Would it be in order to move to
lay the bill on the table 1
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the
Committee on Railroads and Canals is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. PACKER. If there is any objection
at all on the part of Representatives of that
portion of the country to this bill, I have no
objection to any amendment being made or
to the proposition just made to have the bill
recommitted to the Committee on Railroads
and Canals for further amendment; but we
had supposed that every possible difficulty or
objection that might be urged against this bill
had been removed by the amendments of the
committee.
Mr. POTTER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. PACKER. Certainly.
Mr. POTTER. By whom was this bill rec-
ommended to the committee?
Mr. PACKER. By the member who intro-
duced it, the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Vaughax,] and a number of other gentlemen.
Mr. POTTER. Has it been recommended
by any engineer officer of the Government, or
other competent engineer officer'!
Mr. PACKER." No; we supposed that the
interests of the Government were thoroughly
protected by making this entirely subject to
the discretion, judgment, and control of the
Secretary of War.
Mr, POTTER. Will the gentleman yield
to me for two or three moments ?
Mr. PACKER. Yes, certainly.
Mr. POTTER. I want to call the attention
of the House to the fact that a former Con-
gress passed a bill to bridge the Ohio river at
Cincinnati, and when that bridge was partly
erected we had coming to ns at the following
