1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
inc. where there is a large destruction by fire, as at
Portland. Chioago, or Boston.' So far as this city is
concerned, we have derived but little benefit there-
from. Lumber was excepted from the bill through the
strenuous opposition of the members from Michigan,
who insisted upon exacting the pound of flesh from
our burned-out people. They so wrought upon the
fears and the selfishness of the high-tariff members
from the other States that lumber had to be stricken
from the list of rebatable articles." * * *
* '* Our builders have derived more benefit from
remission of duty on Frenoh plate glass than on
anything, and perhaps everything, else in the list
embraced in the act.
Now, sir, I should be recreant to my State
that has suffered so largely and asked for no
public relief if I were not to repel this implica-
tion and unwarranted reflection. It is said that
the State of Michigan insisted upon exacting
the pound of flesh from the burned-out people
of Chicago. I but state a fact when I say
that Michigan was the first to send not only
provisions and clothing but money to Chicago.
I think the record will show that Michigan
made about the first remittance even in money,
as she did in food and clothing, and this, too,
amid the fire and smoke of her own ruins;
cheerfully, magnanimously, and promptly doing
her part toward the suffering citizens of
Chicago; and under such a state of facts
am I not justified in repelling the ungen-
erous insinuation ? I sincerely regret that
the mayor of the city of Chicago has seen
fit in a public letter thus to reflect upon the
course that Michigan took upon that occasion.
Were this a personal imputation, it might pass
without notice, but when passing beyond per-
sonality my State is reproached, it becomes
my pleasure to vindicate her generosity and
nobility against aspersion, especially when,
suffering from a like calamity, she asks no aid
and is entitled to no affront.
It will probably be remembered that during
the debate on the Chicago bill I stated that in
consequence of the fire in Michigan the own-
ers of pine timber there would be compelled,
in order to save what they could of the burnt
timber, to get in a larger quantity of logs than
usual, and thus throw such surplus upon the
market in Chicago, and the prices would rule
lower in the main this year than they did the
year before. Notwithstanding the character
of the season and the extraordinary dryness
of the weather, by which something like two
hundred and fifty million logs were kept
up the smaller streams, it is a fact that even
with that drawback of supply prices have ruled
lower this year than they did last year; I
mean the prices for the season of 1872, as com-
nred with the prices for the season of 1871.
lave the market prices here, but I will not
detain the Senate by quoting them in-detail.
I find in the Chicago Tribune of the 9th of last
month, about the time the Boston fire occurred,
the price of common lumber quoted at $10 50
to $11 60 by the cargo. Compare that with
the price just before the occurrence of the
Chicago fire last year.
The fire, I think, was on the 8th, 9th, and
10th of October. Take the 7th of October,
1871, and the price of common lumber at that
time was from twelve to fourteen dollars; so
that the price this year is nearly two dollars
less than it was the year before; and if the
large surplus of logs that has been kept up in
the smaller streams had reached the mills and
been manufactured, as all had reason to sup-
Eose they would, the Chicago market would
ave been depressed still lower. I have stated
enongh to vindicate what I said upon this
floor in advocacy of the exception of lumber
pending the passage of the bill for the relief
of the city of Chicago, and I may be pardoned
for thus recalling predictions then made on
this subject, because Michigan, through her
representatives, has repeatedly been attacked
for the course she took on that occasion. Time
makes all things even, and now justifies her
position, and the result of your relief bill also
vindicates her judgment that the benefit of
that bill was practically a futile one, and has
proven barren of results sought by the Sena-
tors who pressed its passage.
If Maine, the source of most of the lumber
consumed in the market of Boston, is willing
through her delegation to allow lumber to be
included in this bill, I still hope the Senate
will concur in the amendment excluding lum-
ber. I am willing to support the bill, for my
impulses beat in sympathy for the sufferers.
The Senate, however, is establishing a rule by
this triple precedent that is not only dangerous
to your revenues, but exceptional altogether,
and not in accordance with my view of true
statesmanship.
Now, sir, so far as this letter is concerned,
I feel that I have simply done my duty to my
State. I believe that so far as the exception
of lumber is concerned we were justified in
the strenuous manner in which we pressed its
exception. Time has shown that we had not
only no unsympathetic impulse for Chicago in
so doing, but that by the very bill excepting
lumber parties using it in the city of Chicago
have purchased it two dollars lower than they
did the year before, and have, under the de-
pressing effect of a large surplus of stock from
burnt districts of lumbering regions in Mich-
igan and Wisconsin, derived the benefits of
all they could have hoped for under the remis-
sion of the duty in an ordinary season. The
highest amount that was claimed to be needed
for the city of Chicago was 50,000,000 feet. I
think that was the amount that was said to be
necessary for the reconstruction of the city.
Estimate the tariff upon that amount and it
would aggregate but $100,000, so that even
upon that hypothesis Chicago would have
derived a benefit of but one fourth as much as
the amendment I proposed would have given
for the relief of that very city. We offered
$400,000 out of the Treasury. The benefit
under the relief bill, if lumber had not been
excepted, would only have been $100,000,
placing it at the maximum. Ought there to
be complaint when this method was rejected
and the other taken and no greater burden
was suffered, with lumber excepted, than
the purchase of lumber at lower rates than the
market ruled the year before?
I ask whether the executive of Chicago is
justified in casting such a reflection upon a
State that has chosen to grapple with and
recover from her own suffering condition and
at the same time contribute to a sister State
and city as generously as many other States?
Michigan is here to-day to express her sym-
pathy not only in words but substantially for
Boston, and will vote for this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, unlike the Senator from Michigan, I
propose to denounce the bill and vote against
it. He denounces it and proposes to vote
for it. This bill is for the benefit of the com-
mercial emporium of New England, and I
shall not be accused of sectionalism if I vote
against it.
Further reflection and further consideration
of the subject induce me to believe that my
suspicions in relation to the measure passed
at the last session were correct. Asa measure
of relief I believe it to be a humbug; as a
measure of national policy I esteem it to be
extremely vicious.
In the first place, our Constitution, as was
argued by the Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scott] and the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Carpenter,] provides distinctly
that laws for the laying and collecting of
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, shall be
uniform throughout the United States. This
bill proposes that at the port of Boston and
Charlestown a different system shall prevail.
If you desire to have this law in accordance
with the Constitution it should be made to
apply to every district, to every town that has
suffered by fire. Take for instance the town
of Groton Junction, now called Ayre. The
whole business portion of the town was burned
up, and the loss was much greater, in propor-
tion to the size of the town, than the loss in
Boston.
The original precedent that was adopted,
which we are now called upon to follow,
started in Portland. There one half of the
whole city was destroyed—not the business
portion, but dwelling-houses—and more than
one half of all the people of Portland were
made houseless by the devastation.
Take the case of Chicago. The calamity
there was so large that it appealed to our
sympathies, covering miles and miles of terri-
tory ; but the amount of relief that was af-
forded accrued to the benefit of men who
could well afford to bear their losses. One
of the most respectable papers of Boston has
asserted within a short time that the land and
the insurance upon the land in the burnt
district there will bring as much as the whole
property that was destroyed was worth. If
that is so, this relief will go only to those who
are able to bear their loss, and not to the par-
ties who were the greatest sufferers. Why do
you not propose to give relief to the men who
owned goods there, young men, perhaps, who
had their whole capital swept from under
them, and allow them to have the duties paid
back again that they paid upon the goods that
have been destroyed? That would be some
substantial relief to the parties most deserving.
Then again, what does this bill practically
do? There are large numbers of men in Bos-
ton who have been thrown out of employment.
This bill proposes, not that you shall employ
the mechanics of Boston, the manufacturers
there who furnish articles for house building,
hardware, doors, sash, and other articles, but
that the merchants who have suffered by the
fire, may go anywhere abroad, to the Cana-
dian dominions, to New Brunswick, or Nova
Scotia, or Europe, and buy these articles
already made, and not give employment to
these men who now most need it of all.
But, Mr. President, I do not hope to defeat
this bill. I believe that is a vicious kind of
legislation which comes up here and makes a
discrimination in favor of whom ? In favor
of those who happen to live in large cities.
Why should not the same discrimination be
made in behalf of the smaller towns ? Recent-
ly a town in Pennsylvania was almost utterly
destroyed. Why not grant relief in that case ?
Has it come to this, that those who live in
cities shall have their real estate insured by
the General Government and nobody else? If
this policy is to prevail, let us have a general
act that anybody who has his house burned
up shall have the privilege of going and buy-
ing his raw materials for rebuilding free of
duty. I do not believe in the general policy
of this law, and the reflection I have given to
it since the last act we passed on the subject
confirms me in the idea that we ought to stop,
halt where we are, and have no more of it.
The fact stated by the Senator from Michi-
gan, that Chicago, where the damage by fire
was much larger than in Boston, has only
received a practical benefit of $13,000 shows
that this so-called measure of relief is a hum-
bug, to use a coarse expression. I trust if we
are now to have any law on the subject we
shall make it general, such a law as will con-
form to the Constitution, and allow articles to
be imported free at any port or place of the
United States, and given to anybody who loses
a store or a house. Then it will certainly be
constitutional; then it will be equal and just;
but as it is now it is a species of favoritism on
its face and wholly fallacious in its operation.
I trust we shall vote the bill down.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, hoping
that the Senate will not be less generous than
the House of Representatives, I trust that we
shall take the bill as it comes from the House,
voting down the amendments reported by our
committee.
I hear it said by the Senator from Michigan
