1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2070
can get them tip to be considered, it is not a
wise thing to take it up now,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone the
bill which has been called up, with a view of
calling up 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not yet up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought it was up.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senate that, under the Anthony
rule, there being no appropriation bill before
the Senate, the unobjected'cases on the Cal-
endar are now before the Senate. They are
subject to be postponed under that rule, and
any specific ease taken up.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope we shall go on
with the Calendar.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us go on with the
Calendar.
Mr. BOREMAM. I should like to say one
word about this matter. It seems to me that
1 entirely misconceive the point in regard to
the other cases, or else the Senator from Ver-
mont misunderstands this case. This case
has been reported upon by a general of the
Army, who was sent down there by the Sec-
retary of War, and the proof is plenary in re-
gard to the use of this property by the Army.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why cannot the case go
before the southern claims commission if that
is the character of it ?
Mr. BOREMAN, I suppose it might* have
gone there.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the best place
for it.
Mr. BOREMAN. But the time has ex-
pired.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; it will not ex-
pire until next week.
Mr. BOREMAN. The case has been thor-
oughly examined, and I cannot imagine why
it may not as well be passed here now as at
any time. It has been passed upon by the
committee on two or three different occasions,
and it is a claim of great merit. If any of the
claims that I have examined in the report of
the claims commission, and I examined some
of them, ought to be paid, this claim ought to
be paid. I move to proceed to the considera-
tion of the bill.
The VICE. PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia moves to postpone the
Calendar for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. CONKLING. Upon that question I
wish to say a word. I do not wish to interpose
any objection to my friend from West Virginia,
but I do not think he ought to insist upon that
motion. I should like to move to take up
•several bills myself, one or two of which have
been passed over already, so that Icannot reach
tiiem upon the Calendar; bills to which there
is no objection ; the merits of which are un-
doubted ; but I will not ask the Senate to
allow me to do that now, because I think we
ought to take up the Calendar and go on for
awhile with the unobjected cases. Every
Senator who has special requests to make can
afford, in fair play, to wait until the Calendar
has a chance, and see afterward what oppor-
tunity may be given. I should like very much
to move to take up one or two bills which
were objected to without any reason at all, aa
I think.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE. It appears to me
that I have a sort of prior equity upon the in-
dulgence of the Senate in the fact that I have
already stated. It will be remembered that two
days ago a bill was called np, and when we had
got about half through with the reading of the
report it was slaughtered by the expiration of
the morning hour. The report sets forth the
facts of the case, and it will not take five min-
utes to pass the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now is, however, on taking up the bill of the
Senator from West Virginia.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE. _ Yes, sir; butlwas
explaining that I had this prior claim as I
thought.
Mr. BOREMAN. I have no interest what-
ever in this matter; this gentleman is not a
constituent of mine; but I made the motion
in behalf of the .Senator from Tennessee, [Mr,
Brownlow.] I have examined the claim
myself most thoroughly, and believe it to be as
meritorious as any claim that has come before
this Congress since I have had the examination
of any claims here. However, I will yield to
the suggestion to take up the Calendar, and
hope that if we go through with the unobjected
cases we shall reach this one.
two pek cent. fund.
Mr. LOGAN. I have been struggling for
several days to get an opportunity to call up a
few bills that related specially to the interests
of my constituents. 1 ask the Senate now,
without discussion, for 1 do not desire to dis-
cuss it—it has been fully discussed in the
Senate, and is perfectly understood by every
member of the Senate—to take up the motion
entered by the Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
West] for the reconsideration of the vote by
which the two per cent, bill was defeated a
few days ago. My only wish is that a vote
may be taken on the question of reconsidera-
tion, and that then, if it should be reconsid-
ered, a vote may be taken on the bill itself on
its merits.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar
being before the Senate, the Senator from
Illinois moves to postpone it for the purpose
of moving to take up the motion to reconsider
the vote on what is known as the two per cent,
bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that will not be
agreed to. The two percent, bill, I believe, is
very well understood ; but if it is not I have
now the original reports in my committee-
room, which I should like to bring here and
read. It will take me perhaps an hour or two.
I hope that motion will not prevail. I think
the bill is very well understood to be a swin-
dle.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
West Virginia withdraws his motion, to allow
the Calendar to be proceeded with under the
Anthony rule. Does the Senator from Illinois
withdraw his motion or insist upon it?
Mr. LOGAN. I insist upon it; and I desire
to say that there is no use of this anxiety on
the part of Senators. It would seem, Mr.
President, that when a few Senators here get
what business they have before the Senate
done, there is no respect to be paid to the
rights of others. I only ask that a vote may
be taken on this motion. I am sorry to hear
the language used by the Senator From Mich-
igan, talking about " this swindle." I do not
desire to use such language or to characterize
the propositions of other gentlemen in that
way; and I think if the Senator would con-
sider himself a little better than he has, he
would not make use of that kind of language
in this Chamber; but inasmuch as he does
characterize it as a "swindle," I want a vote
upon it. There is a disposition on the part of
certain gentlemen to denominate everything as
a swindle that others desire to have voted upon.
There are three States interested in this ques-
tion, and all I ask is a vote. I do not wish to
discuss it; it has been discussed.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President 
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to state that the
Committee on Commerce did not recommend
this, and therefore I think it would fail be-
cause they did not. [Laughter.] Anything
that the Committee on Commerce recommends,
of course will fail.
Mr. LOGAN. What does the Senator
mean ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island is recognized.
Mr. ANTHONY. All experience has
shown us, and this debate adds to the truth,
that the way in which we can prosecute the
most business and meet the wishes of most of
the Senators, and reach most of the bills that
Senators desire to consider, is to go on with
the unobjected cases on the Calendar. We
have passed twenty or thirty,, and, I do not
know but more, this evening. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Fifty-one.
Mr, ANTHONY, And we can pass fifty-,
one more, effecting a large amount of business
that is brought to the very verge of completion
if we can go on with the Calendar an hour,
longer. I believe an hour longer will take us
through the Calendar of unobjected cases, and
then the Senator from Illinois can bring up
his motion with more propriety. I hope,
therefore, that no motion will prevail against
the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It would seem but fair
that those cases on the Calendar which have
not been reached, and which have not been
subjected to the judgment of the Senate, and
for which the Senate is unanimous, that is,
those that are not objected to, should be con-
sidered before we go back to retry a matter-
that the Senator from Illinois says has been
thoroughly exhausted and defeated. I may
add that the reasons in opposition to it have
not been thoroughly exhausted by any means;
but that is neither here nor there just now. I
gave notice a little while ago that when my
friend from Indiana was through with his pen-
sion bills I should move an executive session,
for the reason that there are executive com-
munications that ought to be considered.
Respect for the President and the perform-
ance of our public duty require it, and very
speedily ; but if Senators wish to go on with
the Calendar of unobjected cases for awhile
before we proceed to the consideration of
executive communications, I will withhold
my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois to
postpone the Calendar for the purpose of
taking up the motion to reconsider the two
per cent. bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope my friend from
Illinois will forgive me for saying that I regret
very much that he makes this motion. I say
it not in my own behalf, but in behalf of the
many persons whose bills stand here of a na-
ture that would lead to no objection, and which
bills might pass, as the Senator from Rhode
Island has said, if I would withhold every de-
batableajuestion that I have, and my honorable
friend from Illinois and other Senators will do
the same thing; but if he persists, or if I per-
sist, in motions to take up bills which are dis-
puted—and there are several of them on the
Calendar in which I perhaps feel as much in-
terest as my honorable friend feels in this
bill—if I persist in moving to take up those
bills and having a war waged over them, while
I do not advance them at all, I prevent any
other bills from passing.
Now, it is known that to-morrow and to-
morrow night, probably through the whole
night, the Senate will be compelled to be here,
and such has been the labor for the last two
or three days that everybody is weary. If
the Senator persists in this motion, and if he
can take up his bill, the wisest thing that we
can do is to adjourn at once until to-morrow
and lose the time without losing our labor.
The time we shall lose any way.
I am free to say, for one, that this two per
cent, bill shall never pass the Senate if I can
defeat it by any proper opposition. I believe
it (without going into its merits at all) to be
a bill which demands of me all the opposition
I can make. I have never occupied one
moment of the time of the Senate in debating
it, and therefore I am not one of those to whom
my friend refers when he says that gentlemen
after they have been heard think nobody else
ought to be heard, nor am I one of those who,
having got everything he wants, is indisposed
to assist anybody else. I haven long selected
list of cases here which I should be very glad to
have considered, and, as 1 am informed, there
is no objection to oye of them. They are all
