156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
that the bill will be a bad precedent; and the
s:mie arg.imeut is repeated with variety of
illustration by my excellent friend, the Sena-
tor from Vermont. Sir, is it not too late to
ooireci the precedent? You already have the
r. 1-0 of Portland and the case of Chicago; 1
,n:i sorry that you must now add the case of
l)o.-.ton. Call it a bad precedent. It can only
In applicable in a parallel case, and I do not
believe such cases can occur often. The fire-
li.-nd latterly has been very busy in our land ;
Imi he cannot be always so ; at least I have a
well unaided trust that by proper precaution,
it' not also by better fortune, we shall escape
1'011.1 his visitations. I put aside, therefore,
the argument that this is a bad precedent. It
c.ui be called into activity only in a similar
1.1-e, and when a similar case occurs I am
ready for its application. Let any other
metropolis sit like Boston in ashes, and I
hope there will be 110 hesitation in extending
to it a friendly hand.
It is not fairto call up the smaller losses that
may occur in smaller places, for the simple
reason that such losses are not within the
reach of Congress by any ordinary exercise of
its powers. It is only where the loss is great,
as in the familiar cases before us, that there is
opportunity for Congress. An ancient poet
says: '"Nor should the Divinity intervene
unless the occasion be worthy." I would say,
Nor should Congress interfere unless the
case be such as to justify the exercise of ex-
traordinary powers. Obviously such an occa-
sion does not occur except where the scale of
loss is great.
Then, again, the Senator from Michigan
leminded us of the exception of lumber in
the bill for the relief of Chicago ; but he vin-
dicated that exception by facts which do not
occur in the present case. He said, as we all
know, that Michigan was also a sufferer at that
calamitous moment, and he did not think it
light, therefore, that the peculiar interests of
his Slate should be called to contribute even
to the great losses of Chicago. I do not say
that the Senator was not entirely right in
that position. Certainly the case as pre-
sented by him is entirely reasonable. Had
1 had the honor to represent Michigan at
the time, I know not that I should have
acted otherwise than he did. But I call
atteution to the point, as presented by him,
that uo such case exists now. Michigan is
not a Bufferer ; Maine is not a sufferer ; nor is
any part of our country which contributes tim-
ber to our business a sufferer. Therefore is
there no reason for introducing this exception.
The reason failing, the exception should fail
also. I hope, therefore, that the Senate will
keep the bill in that respect precisely as it
came from the House.
Then my friend from Vermont suggests that
this bill is practically an invitation to the peo-
ple of Boston to go to Europe and elsewhere
in order to find workmen. He seemed fright-
ened at the possibility. I think my friend
sees too often the question of protection to
American industry, and makes himself too
unhappy on this account. I hope that this bill
will be considered without any question of
protection. Let the people of Boston go where
1 hey can buy cheapest in order to meet their
great calamity, and, if it be to tlieir neighbor
British provinces, I hope my friend from Ver-
mont will not interfere to prevent it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I voted
against the Chicago relief bill, and I shall vote
against this bill; and that I may not be deemed
ungenerous, I desire to state very briefly my
reasons for so doing.
J yield to no man in generosity: I will not
say to the extent of my means, because I
always go beyoiidit, and give all I have and all
1 can borrow. I should be perfectly willing to
give my check for three or four millions to the
sufferers of Boston if they could get anybody
to pay it, [laughter,] became that I would
have a perfect right to do. But the question here
is, ana it comes home to us as Senators who
have sworn to support the Constitution, can
we vote for a bill the unconstitutionality of
which is as demonstrable as any proposition
in Euclid. That it is in palpable conflict with
a plainly expressed provision of the Constitu-
tion will not be denied. That it is a violation
of one of the most vital provisions of the Con-
stitution will not be denied.
The necessity for this Union was indicated
by the interests of commerce, and the Union
was formed to protect commercial interests.
What was the necessity for the Union in a
commercial point of view? If there were
thirteen or thirty independent States, there
would be thirteen or thirty tariffs; there would
be no uniformity ; the American people would
not have been one people, one nation ; and
for the purpose of making us one people and
bringing commerce within a uniform regula-
tion the Union whs formed. In the legislative
article, the very first provision granting power
to Congress, we read :
" The Congress shall have power to lay and col-
lect taxes. duties, imposts, and excises, to pay tho
debts and provide for the common defense and gen-
eral welfare otthe United Stages; but all duties, im-
posts, and excises shall be uniform throughout the
United States."
Chief Justice Marshall has said that that
secures uniformity, not only in the States but
in the District of Columbia, in the Territories
of the Union, and in every place over which
the sovereignty of the United States extends.
Coupled with the important grant of power to
levy and collect taxes, to provide for the com-
mon defense and general welfare, we fiud this
important limitation.
Possibly we may appropriate money directly
out of the Treasury to help rebuild a great
commercial emporium, the interests of com-
merce demanding its rebuilding ; but here is
this provision, that whatever we do we shall
do it without making any discrimination as to
imposts in any part of the United States. If
you have the power to pass this bill exempting
Boston from the operation of your general
tariff laws, you may exempt Massachusetts
from them; you may exempt New England
from thecn ; you may exempt all the northern
States, and lay the entire burdens of Govern-
ment upon the southern States.
I bow with deference to every decision of
this body. I do not assume to criticise any
man's action. I complain of nothing, but I
am determined to discharge my duty accord-
ing to my own conscience'. When I am called
upon to vote for a bill in the straight face of
an express provision of the Constitution which
I at that desk four years ago swore to support,
I shall refuse to do so. And what did I mean
by swearing to support the Constitution ? It
was not as an individual that I was called upon
to take that oath ; it was as a Senator, and I
swore that in my senatorial capacity in every
vote I should give, in every speech I should
make, in everything I should do as a Senator,
I would support (that is obey) the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Now, Mr. President, see where we are drift-
ing. Portland was destroyed and she got such
a bill; Chicago was destroyed and she got such
relief. Now there has been a calamity in
Boston, and she iB to have this relief. Next
year it will be somewhere else, in some other
State; and session by session, and fire by fire,
State after State will be committed to a pal-
pable violation of that provision of the Consti-
tution ; and we sit by unconcerned, traveling
right in the teeth of that provision, consoling
ourselves with the fact that we are generous.
Generous with what? Generous with the
funds of the people which we have sworn to
guard and protect. Generosity calls upon a
man's own purse-strings. It does not call
upon him to open the purse of another man
nor of the people, especially when he has
sworn to protect that purse us we have sworn
to protect the purse of the people against all
unconstitutional appropriations.
The Senator from Michigan has alluded to
another evil of this bill. Why, Mr. President,
if we were asked to appropriate half a million
dollars for the benefit of the sufferers by
this fire, if such a proposition were presented
here, I might vote for it, because I think it
within the discretionary powers of Congress.
When money is put into the Treasury, Con-
gress alone has the power of disbursement,
and when Congress thinks the interests of the
nation require a great commercial metropolis
to be rebuilt after it has been destroyed by
fire, I think we may exercise that discretion.
At all events we violate nothing but implied,
and therefore doubtful, provisions of the Con-
stitution. That is not this case. We are
asked here through sympathy, from motives
of generosity—that is what the Senator from
Massachusetts styles it—to walk plumb over
a provision of the Constitution.
Then again, if we were to make the appro-
priation from the Treasury, we should provide
for helping the poor as well as the rich. To
whom does this provision carry benefit? Not
to the poor man, not to the man who owned a
poor shanty or had $5,000 worth of goods, or
$1,000 worth of household furniture. He
gets 110 benefit from this bill. No, it is your
nabob; it is your landlord; it is your man
worth his millions, your man Svho is abund-
antly able to stand up and meet this calamity,
that Congress is called upon to help.
There is one authority for such legislation,
and but one. The Scripture saith that "to
him who hath shall be given ; but from him
who hath not shall be taken even that which
he hath." To the landlord and the nabob of Bos-
ton, able to stand up and meet this calamity,
Congress will give, not of its means, not of its
abundance, but it wiil release him from the
constitutional obligation resting upon every
citizen. But to the poor man of Boston, to
the tenant who hired his place and paid his
monthly rent, to the poor man who lost his
furniture and saw himself and children in the
street the next day wiihoutonedollar, oh that
is too small a thing for Congress to deal with,
and the honorable Senator ^Mr. Sumner] says
Congress, like the Divinity, should only come
in 011 great occasions. The greatness of an
opeasiou, to my apprehension, does not depend
Upon the greatness Or the wealth of a man who
has lout only a (fort of-his means. It is a great
occasion wheh a small mah is crushed to the
earfti by misfortune ; a great occasion when a
poor man is stripped of the little he has ; it
was a great occasion when the poor woman
sitting at the gate of the temple gave her mite
to a fund of eharity.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I do not de-
sire to enter into the discussion of the consti-
tutional question on the passage of this bill.
That question was discussed here on a former
occasion, and I must say that many lawyers,
perhaps not of the same ability as the Senator
from Wisconsin, differed with hii* then on the
constitutionality of a similar bill, aud differed
with him so widely that his views did not
obtain in the Senate. I am always very much
interested when I find a gentleman impressing
his views upon the Senate in such a manner
as to lead people to suppose that the views of
others amount to nothing and that bis must
be perfect. The difficulty with the Senator
from Wisconsin, as it strikes me—-and it was
one of the points in the discussion before—is
that he does not seem to draw the distinction
between the laying of duties and the remitting
of duties. The duties have already been laid,
and they have been uniformly laid, and the
question now is whether you will remit a por-
tion of those duties Which have been laid.
This distinction is very apparent to my mind,
though perhaps it is not clearly1 seen by the
Senator. That is all I have to Bay in reference
to that question.
