1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2081
tion now. Let us see how late we sit here to-
night. We can probably determine it better
an hour from now than at present.
Mr. DAVIS. My object was to fix the hour
of meeting now, and then we could adjourn
whenever we thought proper.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
make the motion at a later hour if he chooses
to reserve it now.
Mr. LOGAN. As the Senator from West
Virginia has got his bill through, I suppose
he is willing to adjourn at once. I stood by
him last night and aided him in getting the
bill up; but having succeeded in passing that,
I suppose now he would be glad to retire.
Mr. DAVIS. As the bill has been charac-
terized as "my bill," I desire to say that there
was not a single claim in it in which I or any
of my constituents had any interest. It was a
bill for the payment of the awards of the
southern claims commission.
Mr. LOGAN. When I said "your bill," I
did not suppose the Senator was legislating on
his own claims. I meant the bill he had charge
of. I do not presume that any Senator has a
bill of his own here.
Mr. DAVIS. It will b6 noticed that I said
nothing about adjourning now ; I simply pro-
posed that when we adjourn we adjourn to
meet atnine o'clock. However, I withdraw the
motion for the present.
Mr. HOWE. Is the question before the
Senate on the bill the title of which has just
been announced?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the first
bill on the Calendar and the Senator from
Illinois moves to postpone that bill and the
remainder of the Calendar for the purpose of
considering the motion to reconsider the vote
on the two per cent. bill.
Mr. HOWE. I supposed that was the mo-
tion, and I think the Senator on reflection will
conclude that he can safely withdraw that mo-
tion. There are some two hundred cases on
that portion of the Calendar which has not yet
been read, and it is very evident that a great
many of those bills must fail for want of time
to consider them. A very large number of
them we know very well can pass in just the
time that is necessary to read them.
I am not going to say one word about the
merits of the bill in which the Senator from
Illinois feels so much interest and which he
moves, but I think he will agree that the
States whose interests are involved in that
bill, if anybody must be postponed to the next
sesion, can as well afford and better afford to
be postponed than a great many of the indi-
viduals whose claims are on this Calendar.
Besides, I think he has found that the bill for
which he moves cannot pass the Senate with-
out the expenditure of some considerable
time if it can pass at all; and I think he will
agree that those States will not suffer-mate-
rially if that bill is postponed until the next
session, whereas there are a great uumber of
private claimants who, if they are postponed
a single session, must suffer acutely by reason
of it. It seems to me, to say nothing about
humanity, that common justice would require
that we should devote so much time as we can
spare from inevitable business to the consid-
eration of the unobjected cases on the Calen-
dar. I hope the Senator from Illinois will not
press his motion.
Mr. LOGAN. I will say to the Senator
from Wisconsin that I have sat in this Cham-
ber nearly every hour that any other Senator
has. I have been engaged on committees for
four weeks at a time without an opportunity
of calling up any measure relating to my coa-
Btituents. I have stayed here when others
have gone away. I have aided others in taking
up bills in which they were interested. Now
wheu I ask merely that a motion of reconsider-
ation be taken up and acted upon I think it
comes with an ill grace from those gentlemen
to get up and notify me of the length of the
Calendar. I understand that as well as they
42d Cons. 3d Sess.— No. 131.
do. I have got perhaps as many bills on the
Calendar in which my constituents are inter-
ested as anybody else; bnt I merely ask that
this vote may be taken. I notice, too, that
this request to me to retire, made in so grace-
ful a manner, comes from each and every man
who is opposed to the bill, and from no friend
of the bill, I only ask that the friends of the
bill may be allowed to take into consideration
what they shall do.
Mr. HOWE. I hope my friend from Illi-
nois will pardon any want of grace he may
have noticed in me when I called his attention
to the length of the Calendar.
Mr. LOGAN. I admitted the grace.
Mr. HOWE. I am so unfortunately con-
structed that I cannot do things gracefully, as
I would like to do. If I should have the priv-
ilege of remaining here a few years longer and
taking lessons from the example set me by my
distinguished friend I should hope in time
to acquire some of the graces that adorn the
place.
I still think that it was perfectly legitimate,
if it was ever so ungraceful, to remind the
Senator that this Calendar is larger than we
can compass in the few hours remaining of this
session ; and I beg the privilege of adding to
that, in my own ungraceful way, that he is
already notified that there are Senators on
this floor—I do not advertise myself as one
of them—who feel that it is not consistent
with their sense of duty to allow this bill to
pass without further consideration, whereas
he knows, as we all know, that there are a
great number of cases on this Calendar which
can pass without debate, and simply by the
consumption of so much time as is necessary
to read the bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Logan] to postpone the further consid-
eration of the Calendar, under the Anthony
rule, for the purpose of taking up the motion
to reconsider the vote upon the two per cent,
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
have the yeas and nays on that motion;
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Cragin, Flanagan,
Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Kelly, Logan, Morton, -Nor-
wood, Nye, Pool, Pratt, Ransom, Bice, Thurman,
Tipton, and Trumbull—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Chandler, Clayton,
Conkling, Davis, Edmunds, Penton, Freltnghuysen,
Gilbert, Gold'.hwaite, Hamilton of Maryland. Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis, Machen,
Morrill of Vermont, Ofeborn, Robertson, Saulsbury>
Sehurz, Scott, Sprague, Stockton, Vickers, and
Wright—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Caldwell, Car-
penter, Cole, Cooper, Corbett, Perry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan, Johnston, Morrill of Maine, Pat-
terson, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sawyer, Sherman, Spen-
cer, Stevenson, Stewart, Sumner, West, Wilson, and
Windom—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
j. b. cornell and others.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate de-
cide to proceed with the consideration of the
Calendar under the Anthony rule.
The first bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1576) for the relief of J. B. Cornell
and others.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is one of that large
class of military claims that have been ham-
mered over and over again and it ought to go
with the others.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
over.
Mr. NYE rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to state as the Senate are now to proceed
to the consideration of bills under the An-
thony rule, that when a Senator objects, if it
is the pleasure of the Senate the Chair will
regard the bill objected to as not being before
the Senate, and the next bill on the Calendar
as before the Senate. If a Senator desires to
appeal to Other Senators to withdraw their
objections it can be done with a saving of
time by doing it at their seats privately. The
Senator from Vermont objects to this bill on
the ground that it is oue of a,class of cases
that he does not wish passed under the rule
of unobjected cases. Tbe Senator from Ver-
mont, the Chair understands, insists upon Ms
objection,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly I do.
alexander SWIFT AND COMPANY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1532) for the relief of Alexander Swift
& Co.
Mr. HOWE. I shall object to that bill
simply on the ground that it is a Senate bill.
It is no use to act on Senate bills at thepresent
time, it seems to me.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next two
bills on the Calendar are for the relief of
Alexander Swift & Co., reported fro to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from Wisconsin to object
to them.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir, and the two bills
following them. They are all Senate bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These are Sen-
ate bills of the class of cases alluded to by the
Senator from Vermont.
Mr. NYE. In two or three of those cases,
the Committee on Naval Affairs adopted the
House bills. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. These are Sen-
ate bills.
Mr. HOWE. When we come to the House
bills I will not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the first House bill.
absalom kirby.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
2874) to restore Absalom Kirby as second
assistant engineer in the Navy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish the Senator re-
porting this bill would explain whether it is to
put this man over the head of somebody else.
Mr. CRAGIN. This engineer was retired
by mistake, and on the recommendation of the
Navy Department he is to be restored.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does not somebody now
occupy the place?
Mr. CRAGIN. No, he goes to the foot, I
think, of the second assistant engineers, which
is the lowest grade.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill be read again
that we may see how that is.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows :
Be it enacted, &e.. That the President of the Uni-
ted States be, and he is hereby, authorized to re-
store Absalom Kirby to his original position on the
active list as a second assistant engineer in the Navy
of tho United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does that mean that he
shall be appointed without the consent of the
Senate? Is he still in the service?
Mr. CRAGIN. He is still on the retired
list, but he has been on active duty ever since,
because they discovered the mistake in his
retirement, and he is a very good officer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. "My point was in the
analogy of the case, ought it not to be done
by nomination in the ordinary way?
Mr. CRAGIN. It ought to be, but this is
a House bill, and I appeal to the Senator to
let it go through. I assure him it is all right.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It may be, but it ought
to be done like all others by nomination, by
and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate. I move that amendment.
Mr. CRAGIN. He is now in the service.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know that; but we
cannot omit that provision.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that amendment will be regarded as
agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
