2QQ2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March %
engrossed aqd the,bill read a tjurd- time. The
bin TO .tea# t-he thiicl time, and passed.
OKDBE OR BUSINESS,
Mr.'HOWJB. The text bill is a. Senate bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I repeat the suggestion
of the Senator from Wisconsin, that we omit
the Seriate "bills in calling the Calendar. It is
quite useless,- Tsupjfese, to passthem now. I
suggest that wetake up only flpua^ bills-
The VICE PRESIDENT:. Th4-Senator
from Rhode Island asks" unanimous consent
that iptiOpnside^ng.the Calendar a<t the present
time, under the Anthony rule, the House bills
be first considered.
Mr. BUClUNQEIA^ I hope that will not
be dope. There is ftsipgle pill which I should
like to hav.e considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT., The Senator
fro pi Connecticut objects,
Mr. (SNKIJNQj. Lefchitn reserve his hill,
The ,fxcll?^SIJ)ENT. The Secretary
will repqrt the PO?t "bill W the Calendar.
Mr, ^NTHpjSjT. My only object was to
expedite business.
UTAH, BAlLROAD AHD MININ9 COMPANY.
The next bill dn 'thes Calendar was the bill
(S. No; 1530) to incorporate the Utah Rail-
road'and Mining Company.
Mr. HOWE. I object to that 1S11,
The VICE PRESIDENT, it willbe passed
over.' •'
REMOVAL OB DISABILITIES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(5, ft. No. 3249) for the removal Qf the polit-
ical disabilities of J. Ernest Meire, of the State
of Maryland; which was considered as in
Committee of tl}p Whplo.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and "passed, two thirds voting
in the affirmative.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3611) to remove the legal disabil-
ities of Sheltpn F. Leake, of Albemarle county,
Virginia; which was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to aipend the
bill by striking out the words " legal and "
before the Words political disabilities."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time_, and passed, two
thirds voting ip the afljrmative.
The title of the bill' was amended so as to
read: "An act tp remove the political dis-
abilities of Shelton P, Leake, of Albemarle
county, Virginia."
A.KMY OFFICER IN SOUTH; QAROLIPfA.
Mf/ A.RD, -I ask the consent of the
Senate' for the passage of a resolution intro-
duce^ by nie a day Qj as° respecting the
paytnent pf money to an officer of the United
States Army for services rendered by him in
the line, of his official duty. The resolution is
before the Senate; it was introduced in the
morning hour. „ „
The VICE PRESIDENT, Pending the
next bill on the Calendar, the Senator from
Delaware asks to call up a resolution of in-
quiry.
Mr. -jVNTHON.Y. We shall just waste time
in disputing oyer the order of business. We
had better go.through with the Calendar.
Mr. BAYARD. This is a resolution that I
introduced in tjie rooming hour, apd the Sen-
ator from Ijlinois [Mr Trum;boll] objected,
not knowing that it was morning business, I
think if the Senator frppj Rhode Island hears
it read, he will join with me. in urging its
adoption.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will not make objec-
tion, but it is the death of the Calendar if you
take up things out of their order now.
My. BAYARD. I do not think anybody
wijl object to the resolution when it is re^d.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
Rmolmd, That t&e President be. and h«eby is,
requested to inform tl\?JSenate whether w com-
missioned officer of the United States Army, while
on duty in the State of South Carolina, has reoeived
or attempted to procure payment of any money er
other valuable consideration from the Legislature
of said State, or endeavored to procure legislations
that effect, as a compensation or reward to him for
services performed in the line of his duty as an offi-
cer of the Army, or otherwise, and Whether any Such
officer, while so stationed and- on duty, has been
admitted to praotiee at the bar of said State, and
has actually practiced ^thereat for his personal
emolument while receiving pay as an officer of the
Army; and whether such offioer is now on duty in
said State, and if detaohed from his regiment for
any and what service or purpose.
There being no objection, the Senate pro?
ceeded to consider the resolution,
Mr; CQNKMNG, I suggest to the Senator
from Delaware that the resolution ought at
least to conform to the usual form; and there-
fore I move to insert the words, '' if in hjs
judgment not. incompatible with the public
interests."
Mr, RAYARD. Certainly,.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like t<? know
what public,interest this information can pos-
sibly be incompatible with,?
Mr- CONKLJNCr. I do not suppose it
would be incompatible with any public inter?
est; but we have adopted that to rip in all
cases because we cannot judge whether it
might .or might not.
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly ; I agree with
the Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Delaware modifies his resolution in ac.
cordance with the suggestion of the Senator
from New York.
Mr. ANTHONY. Ia this resolution still
open to objection? I shall objectaf it leads
to any debate. I have no objection to passing
the resolution, but if it is debated I shall
object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution as modified.
The resolution was adopted.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom w&a referred the bill
(S. No. 1423) for the relief of persons for
damages sustained by reason of Indian depre-
dations, reported it with amendments.
BILLS 0PJS5CTBD TO.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next bill on the Calendar,
The next bill on "the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1527) to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide for the redemption and sale of
lands held by the United States under the sev-
eral acts levying direct taxes, and for other
purposes."
Mr. HAMLIN. That is a Senate bill, and I
obiect to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be passed over. The Secretary will report the
next bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to the next bill,
which is one of the naval bills, and to the fol-
lowing one which is the rebel pension bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Those two hills
will be passed over.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope the Senator
from Vermont will not object to House bill
No. 3503.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been
objected to, and the Secretary will report the
next bill. Where bills are objected to it ia the
pleasure of the Senate, as the Chair, asked at
the opening of this proceeding, that that re-
moves the bill from the consideration of the
Senate,
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No, 1582) for the relief of Jesse E. Pey-
ton, heir of Elizabeth "Montgomery, daughter
of Hugh Montgomery.
Mr. ROBERTSON, I object to that, ■
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
pRSS6^ over. .'
. The nest hill pn -the Calendar was the bill
(S. "No. 1575) tq establish a hoard of local
inspectors of steam vessels far t&a customs
district of Michigan, ia the St^tq of Michigan.
HOWE', That is, a Senate, bill, and J
object. - -. j
. Mr- FERRY, pf Michigan. Before jthe ob-
iectiop"" —~ i \ s
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill.is obr
jectea to, and it ia nqt now, before the Senate.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ass. the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin to withdraw his objection
for one moment. I wish to state that; there is
ao 1
The YICE PRESIDENT. The CHair must
state to the Senator from Michigan tljat the
bill is not before the Senate unless,tljp Sen-
ator from Wisconsin withdraw^ his objection.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask unanimous
consent that the £ill be taken up. I think
there will be no objection whatever to it. It
is a local matter entirely. It has the com-
mendation of the Secretary of the Treasury.
It is for the establishment of a local board in
the district qf Michigan, covering a cpast of
t^ree hundred miles, and I desire that the^let-
ter of the Secretary of the Treasury be read
commending it.
Mr, EDMUNDS.^ The Senator from. Wis- •
consin is not objecting on the score of merits,
but because it is a Senate bill.
. Mr. FERRY, Of Michigan. My opinion is
that it wiU not only pass the Senate, bat pass
the Hoftse,
Mr, NYE, If it is a. Senate bill, I renew
the objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan asks unanimpus. consent to go
back and have the bill taken up, and the let-
ter of the Secretary of the Treasury read.
Mr, FERRY, of Michigan. I ask that the
letter be read.
Mr. NYE- I fibject-
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. It is the only
Base where I have asked anything pf the kind,
and if a single objection to any case has this
effect, I propose to object to every other bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator ha3
that right-
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2571) to amend an act granting
pensions to the survivors of the war of 1812
who. served sixty days, and to their widows,
approved February 14, 1871 ; which was re-
ported adversely from the Committee on Pen-
sions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill will
he indefinitely postponed if. there be no ob-
jection.
Mr. HILL. I desire to say a word on that
bill and ask the sense of the Senate upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I object to its con-
sideration.
The VICE.PRESIDENT. That removes
it from the consideration of the Senate. The
Secretary will report the next bill.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1481) concerning and authorizing the
Washington, Cincinnati, and St. Louis Rail-
road Company to extend and construct their
railroad into the District of Columbia, and
through the States of WTest Virginia, Ohio,
Iodiana, and Illinois, to the city of St. Louis,
in the State of Missouri.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is a Senate bill.
Let it go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
Mr. HOWE.. The next bill (S, No. 1569)
to introduce the international code of signals
into the merchant service of the.United States
is objected to, being a Senate bill.
NATIONAL BANK OP SPRINGFIELD.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H, R. No. 3310) to authorize the National
