1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
for this is quite palpable, which is to secure
facilities for the transfer of these bonds to
European holders. Now the slight difference
between the value of the two classes of bonds
is in favor of American investment, and tends
to retain the larger portion year after year of
the bonded securities of the Government
among our own people. There is, therefore,
that embarrassment in the way of increasing
in the hands of foreign capitalists our securi-
ties. I think any measure which tends to de-
crease the indebtedness of the country in the
hands of foreign capitalists is a measure of the
highest importance to the public interest.
I think the Secretary of theTreasury should
enter into some argument explaining why, if
this is passed, the desire to make the exchange
will not exist. It seems to me it will exist,
and judging from the present drift of things,
of the bonds of the United States; that is, all
that are left in the hands of the American peo-
ple will be the registered bonds of the United
States. All our securities are going steadily
abroad, and it will continue under this bill until
the indebtedness of the country in the hands
of foreign capitalists will be calculated to
create alarm in the country.
I am aware a report by the Ways and Means
Committee on such a subject as this, with the
recommendation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, will undoubtedly receive the concurrence
of this House; but I object to it on two grounds:
first, because it offers palpable facilities for
frauds on the Treasury ; and in the second
place, it facilitates still further the sale and
transfer of the national debt to foreign capi-
talists. It will still further increase by this
proposed change the holding of our securities
by persons in foreign countries who have been
steadily draining the wealth of the country
from us to themselves.
Mr. RANDALL rose.
Mr. DAWES. I still hold the floor.
Mr. RANDALL. It seems to me, Mr.
Speaker, that the gentleman from Indiana
does not understand the intended purpose of
the bill. Our national debt in foreign hands
will be held as a permanent security. Those
in a foreign land who invest in our securities
will of course take a registered bond, because
if a registered bond be stolen or burnt they
can replace that bond without difficulty.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman refer
to foreign capitalists?
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. The history of the Treas-
ury Department shows the reverse.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I cannot understand
what they want. It occurs to me, if I were
going to make a permanent investment in the
securities of the United States, I would pre-
fer to take a registered bond to a coupon
bond. The registered bond is of itself a pro-
tection against fire or theft, because if lost it
can be replaced, while a coupon bond, if
stolen, is lost to the owner altogether, and the
next day the thief who stole it can go into a
broker's office and sell it. Nobody is liable
in that case ; whereas if an executor invests in
a registered bond of the United States he is
secure at all times in the property of the heir
whom he represents. Now, it seems to me
this facility, which really is a benefit to those
who wish to borrow money from time to time,
ought not to be interfered with any more than
other securities are interfered with in this re-
spect. We should do everything in our power
to promote the value of our securities, and I
do not see any possible danger which can arise
to the Government by the passage of this bill.
Mr. DAWES. I agree with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. COX. I should like to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts a question. Under
this bill a registered bond can be exchanged at
orrce for a coupon bond, and the exchange
can go on, and the bonds can be reexchanged
a dozen times in one week. There is no re-
striction in that regard in this bill, and it will
open the door to a species of brokerage ex-
ceedingly objectionable. That, I think, is the
main objection to this bill. It is perfectly cer-
tain it is a good rule not to give up a good
security for a bad one. Our object in legis-
lating here is to give the people, if possible, the
safest bond. The registered bond has always
been quoted higher than the coupon bond,
because the registered bond was the safest.
Mr. DAWES. It is the other way, if ray
friend will allow me to say so.
Mr. COX. My observation and experience
is the other way, and for myself I should pre-
fer in making an investment to have a regis-
tered bond.
Mr. DAWES. I will explain why his obser-
vation and experience is not like that of the
multitude. It is because he keeps them packed
away. He keeps them for safe investment for
his children. [Laughter.] It is not so with
other people. They do not keep them for
posterity as my friend does.
Mr. COX. It is more likely that my bonds
will go to the gentleman's children than to
my own. [Laughter.]
Nevertheless, there is a possible risk of
having a registered bond lost. When a bank
officer has bank notes printed he goes to the
printer and tells him the exact number of
notes, but there is no restriction in this bill as
to the number of bonds to be printed, and I
think that is a good objection to the bill. I
want no more discretionary power given to
the Secretary of the Treasury in this matter
than is actually necessary.
Mr. DAWES. I think it a little extraor-
dinary that an objection should be made by the
gentleman from New York to our bill that it
removes all difficulties in the way of negotiat-
ing these bonds; that anything which inter-
! feres with the free transmission of a bond from
seller to purchaser, and thereby decreasing its
value, is desirable. The effect of the reason-
ing of my friend from New York would be to
destroy by act of Congress the negotiation of
the bonds of the United States, so as to fasten
them in the hands of the original purchasers
and so as to protect the community from
frauds which may be committed, because you
cannot commit frauds on the Government on
account of any difference between registered
and coupon bonds. The same objection lies
against all negotiable paper. The chief value
of the coupon bonds is the facility with which
they pass from hand to band in the ordinary
commercial transactions of the country. lean
see no objection to this.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to suggest to the
1 gentleman from Massachusetts that, as the
coupon bonds may be converted into regis-
tered bonds, the Government is perfectly secure
1 against any possible fraud. The policy of the
1 Government was to encourage permanence for
the debt in that particular, and when it is pro-
! posed to allow registered bonds to be converted
j back into coupon bonds indefinitely, without
limit, by the simple payment of a fee for making
the transfer, I suggest to the gentleman that
it is impossible that this unlimited power of
transfer should not give a greater opportunity
| of fraud than now exists. The difference be-
tween the two classes of securities is a mere
trifle.
Mr. DAWES. What do I understand the
gentleman to say?
Mr. HOLMAN. The certificate of the
registration of a bond is thrown on the market
in blank.
Mr. DAWES. I did not know that fact.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman say
that if, is not so?
Mr. DAWES. I did not know the fact.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman is mis-
taken, and any on§ who is familiar with the
system of banking will tell him that he is
mistaken. These bonds are thrown upon the
market with certificates in blank, and there is
no possible danger to the Government. The
purchaser of the blank certificate takes it to
the Treasury and has it transferred to himself.
It is simply transferred from one hand to
another upon the registry of the bond. That
portion of the debt is perfectly secure against
fraud so far as the Government is concerned.
But it does seem to me, although the brokers
and that class of persons who desire to gam-
ble in stocks may desire to have transfers
from coupon to registered bonds, and from
registered to coupon, it will inevitably be open
to fraud; and I have no doubt that should this
plan be adopted, it will not be five years before
what I have stated will be found out.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to have my
friend from Indiana [Mr. Holman] tell me,
when the registered bond is passing from hand
to hand under an assignment in blank, what is
the difference in protection to the Treasury
between that registered bond and a coupon
bond. There is just as much of a record of
the coupon bond at the Treasury Department
by which to identify the coupon bond, as there
can be of a registered bond passing from hand
to hand under a blank assignment, if that can
be done. There can be no difference between
the one or the other in the way of security to
the Treasury. It is to the public and not
to the Treasury that there is any difference.
The gentleman alludes to the fact that here-
tofore the Committee of Ways and Means have
opposed this facility of transfer. That may
have been the case in times past, because it
was once the policy of the Government to keep
all of its evidences of indebtedness in this
country. That policy has passed away. Ex-
perience has shown, the business transactions
of the country every day teach us, in what form
the securities of the Government will be of
the most value to the Government. It is the
experiences of daily commercial transactions
that are worth most to the Government. The
pulsations of Wall street, of State street, of
the great moneyed centers, teach us how to
guard and protect both the Treasury and the
citizen in dealing with our securities more
than any theory we may have had in the outset
of this matter. We have constantly changed
our mode of doing business.
I fail to see in the statement of the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Holman] the slightest
additional protection to the Treasury in retain-
ing a bond as a registered bond, while it is a
fact that there is such a difference in the mar-
ket value of these bonds as to make the holders
of them, those who desire to hold our securi-
ties, constantly struggling to change a regis-
tered bond into a coupon bond. If the
Treasury is just as safe with the one as the
other, I do not see any reasonable ground of
objection to it.
Mr. HOAR. I had the honor last Monday
to introduce a bill and to have it referred to
the Committee on Banking and Currency,
which, after more than two years' reflection
upon the matter, and after consulting several
high authorities on this special question, I
think will go far toward removing some of the
evils which my colleague [Mr. Dawes] has
suggested. And I wish he might think it
advisable to allow his bill to be printed and
to go over for a day, in order that he might
consider the plan which my bill proposes.
Mr. DAWES. I think 
Mr. HOAR. Let me state my proposition.
It is to allow a certain designated number of
national banks in each State, to be designated
by the Secretary of the Treasury, to hold regis-
tered bonds in trust for the owners, the bonds
to remain in the banks, the banks to keep a
set of books in which is entered each bond
and the name of the person for whom the bond
is held in trust. The bank then issues to that
person a certificate, like a certificate of bank
stock, signed by the president, and cashier of
the bank, that they hold the bond so in trust.
That certificate can be sold in the market with-
out any change in the registry of the bond,
just as railroad and bank stocks can be sold
in the market. Thus the objection to regis-
