1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2085
to pay what the amount is. The Government
certainly should pay the parties who furnished
supplies to those troops. It is as honest a
claim as can be, to a proper extent, and I
understand it has been examined under the
authority of the War Department. I am sure
it ought to have been paid years ago.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now wish that the re-
port which the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs has asked to have read may
be read, so that the rest of the debate may go
on upon the facts reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed by the Clerk that the report has
Kppn opnt tni*
Mr. 'ANTHONY. We had better go on
with the Calendar, and come back to this bill
when the report is here.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move an amend-
ment to this joint resolution, to strike out in
the twenty-first line all the words after the
word "act."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk
will report the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out in line twenty-one the words "and to the
original claimant only, or his personal repre-
sentative ; but no assignment of any such
claim shall be valid."
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The proviso is:
That no claim under the provisions of this act shall
be audited and paid unless presented within one
year from the passage of this act, and to the ori-
final claimant only, or his personal representative;
ut no assignment of any such claim shall be valid.
The motion is to strike out that part of the
provision which prohibits payment to an
assignee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I noticed the
conversation between the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logan] and the Senator from
New York [Mr. Conkling] as to this clause
being something that seemed to be re-
garded as changing the effect of this bill if it
should pass. Now I believe that judges of
courts never accept the debates in Congress in
relation to any act that may be passed, unless
there is some ambiguity about it; and in this
case where the law expressly says that no
claim shall be paid to any other person than
the original claimant, I do not see how it can
be so paid. I merely mention this.
t The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senate that there is no report
from the committee with this joint resolution.
There are some papers and a communication
from the War Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has been stated that
there was a report.
Mr. LOGAN. The Chair informs the Sen-
ate that there is no report; that is, there may
be no report in these papers perhaps, but there
was a report with the bill. The bill and
papers were referred to the Committee on
Appropriations and then afterward reported
back. I know there was a report. I drew
the report myself. "
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then the bill had better
go over until we can find the report.
Mr. LOGAN. Now you know very well
that if it goes over that is the end of it, just
as all other bills that you put over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, Mr. President, I
confess that I am a little surprised at the re-
marks of my honorable friend from Illinois.
Suppose I do know very well—-which I do not
by any means—that if the bill goes over it can-
not be passed, is it a very good reason for
passing a bill here to tell us that it cannot be
passed unless it is passed now, without our
knowing what it is, and without getting the
official papers 011 which it is founded 1 It does
not appear to me that it is. I am sure my
friend does not mean that We have been
discussing this bill. It has been stated all he
time that there wasarcport which showed the
exact history of the transaction, and I have no
doubt there is, because my friend says there
is: but I want to see that report and I think
jve ought all to see it. One reason why I think
so is the fact that we have had some expe-
rience with these Indian war claims. We have
had them in Oregon; we have had them to
such an extent in Oregoti that much attention
has been attracted to the -prodigious frauds
that are said to have been practiced in the
claims arising under that law, and we have
not got done with them yet. . ■
It does not follow, I admit, that because
there Was great wrong in Oregon, therefore
there must be great wrong in Montana, but it
does give rise to a right to make an inquiry.
Suppose we find that a war has been carried
on out there for which there is no legal means
of making paymeut of the expenses. We know
that every military expenditure that is incurred
according to law we make appropriations
to pay every year and the War Department
administers them. If these volunteers were
called out pursuant to law, prima facie it
would appear that there is no need for the
passage of this bill. There must be some-
thing else about it which we do not yet under-
stand. If the War Department gave the proper
orders to call upon persons to assist to put
down a rebellion, or whatever it was out there,
then the Army appropriations, millions of
which have since that time been covered into
the Treasury as unexpended, provided the
proper resources out of which these expendi-
tures were to be paid; but it seems they have
not been paid out of those resources, and
therefore it gives rise to a right to inquire
what the precise circumstances were, what
these orders were, in order that we may see
how it happened that this affair stands in the
attitude that it does now.
The Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] has
said that these claims began to the extent of
$1,400,000. Now they have come down, on
the examination of my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan,] to three or four hundred thou-
sand dollars, he says, and yet my friend from
Illinois behind me [Mr. Trumbull] says that
it is a very honest claim. If it is a very honest
claim, it ought to be paid at what the honest
point is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To some extent, I do
not know the extent.
Mr. THURMAN. I find among the papers
the report to the War Department of General
Hardie, in which he says:
"The appropriation asked for last winter, namely,
$513,343, for the extinguishment of these claims, it
is believed, will be needed, and will probably be
sufficient to pay the awards made on all the claims
reported upon, as well as those yet to come in, and
such claims on the suspended list as may hereafter
be relieved of the causes of suspension.'
And then:
"After due investigation the report of the invest-
igating officer is approved.
Secretary of War."
Mr. COLE. Do I understand that this bill
is objected to and goes over?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; it has not been
obiected to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not
been objected to.
Mr. COLE. I should like to make a report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have in my hand the
report made by the Military Committee that
has been so often called for, and I ask to have
it read
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Logan on the 28th of Jan-
uary, 1873 :
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred House resolution No. 23, to enable the bee-
retary of War to pay the expenses incurred in sup-
pressing the Iuuutn hostilities in the Territory ot
MontanaJn the year 1867, having had the'fame
under consideration, respectfully submit thetoliow-
inKPr°cport submitted to tho House May 24,1872,
by Mr. Donnas, from the Committee on Military
Affairs is very full, giving a clear statement or the
evidence and points involved in the case, showing
the examination by the committee of the House was
VYfis\ifs°oUaccompanied by the report of General
.Tames A. Hardie. inspector general military divis-
ion of the Missouri, who was appointed to make an
examination and report as to the amounts justly
due on these claims. An examination of this re-
port shows that General Hardie has performed this
duty with great care and thoroughness, and an evi-
dent desire to do justice to all those presenting
proper claims sustained by satisfactory evidence.
But in the performance of this important duty ho
has been compelled, by a sense of justice to the
Government, to reject quite a number of claims,
and to make a considerable deduction from others.
In a number of cases the evidence showed that the
articles were charged largely in excess of the usual
prices; this excess ranging from twenty to over one
hundred per cent.
The whole amount of awards up to the time of
General Hardie's reconstructed report, (the original
having been destroyed during the Chicago fire,) May
11, 1872, was $456,504 21, as against $821,886 21 de-
manded. Vouchers to the amount of $50,868 25 have
not been reported upon for want of information. It
is stated in the House report that vouchers amount-
ing to nearly $7,000 of this last item have come in
since March 11,1872, and have been deposited with—
other papers, accompanied by a supplemental report
of General Hardie. (This supplemental report does
not appear among the papers on file.) If the report
of General Hardie is taKen asthe basis of settlement,
and the whole of the last-mentioned amount should
be established, the total amount will then be
$507,37246. Accompanying the report of the House
committee is a list of all the claims presented, with
the amount awarded on each, where an award was
made. . , . . .
The first important question that arises in the in-
vestigation of these claims—for they are all based
upon the same general fact—is whether the Govern-
ment, in equity and justice, is under obligation to
pay any of these expenses, .
Section ten of the act of July 15,1870, is as fol-
lows : _ ,
" Sec. 10. That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, authorized and required to ascertain, or
cause to be ascertained, the amount of expense
necessarily incurred by the territorial authorities
of Montana for arms and supplies of the volunteer
forces called out to suppress Indian hostilities in
the Territory of Montana in the year 1867, and re-
port to Congress, at the next session, the names of
persons entitled to relief, together with a statement
of the facts and sums upon which such report may
be based." , . , t, . ,
It is evident that this section only authorized tho
ascertaining of the amount* of the necessary ex-
penses incurred for arras and supplies and the names
of persons entitled to relief, the object thereof evi-
dently being to obtain a basis for further action,
and to have some fixed amount in case Congress
should decide to make an appropriation. It there-
fore furnishes no grounds for a claim against the
Government. , A A
The obligation of the Government to pay these
claims, if any exists, must dejpend upon the author-
ity granted by the General Government to the civil
authorities of Montana or the necessity for imme-
diate action occasioned by the imminent danger ol
Indian hostilities. , , . iU. .
After examining the facts bearing upon this im-
portant point, we are inclined to concur in the
decision of the House committee—
" That there was, at least, such a recognition of
calling out and subsisting of troops as to justify
private parties in furnishing the absolutely neces-
sary supplies, in the full belief that Government
intended to pay for the same."
Yet we are of opinion that tho action ot tue au-
thorities was hasty, and that great carelessness and
even recklessness was manifested in obtaining sup-
plies and arms, and that only fair and reasonable
prices should be paid for such as were absolutely
necessary. .V/v
The second important question is, how^shall the
amounts of these proper claims be ascertained / As
beforestated, we believe the tenth section ot the
act of July 15,1870, was intended to accomplish this
step in the progress of settlement. We therefore are
of the opinion that the report of General Hardie
forms the best possible basis of settlement now to be
obtained. It is true that many of the papers m
the possession of General Hardie, as well as his ori-
ginal report, were destroyed m the Chicago nre;
yet, in a great majority of cases the original vouchers
after being inspected by General Hardie were re-
turned to the claimants. A list of the claims, mem-
oranda of many awards, and a schedule of Prices
were saved. General Hardie in person has been
before this committee, and from the statements
made by him, and what is presented in his report
and the appendix to the House report, Y?i?r *wSa
cidedly of the opinion that his awards, and the tacts
in his report, constitute the only safe basis ot fcettle-
ment which can now be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator irotn
Connecticut, [Mr. Buckingham.]
Mr. CONKUNG. I ask for the reading of
the proviso as it would stand if the words were
strieken out.
The Chief Clerk. It would then read :
And provided further, That no claim under the
provisions of this resolution shall be audited and
paid unless presented within one year from the pass-
age of this resolution.
The amendment was agreed to.
* The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
