1672.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
161
upon the market the five per cents yet unplaced
:i:id the four and a half per cent-s; that the
llothchilds and the syndicate are to take the
rest of the live per cents without farther
legislation. I want to know what the Secre-
tary is to do in that business before I give him
further facilities for interfering in the market
by regulating exchange. I want to know why
it is that no restriction is placed in this bill on
the Secretary of the Treasury. He can make
any number of these new bonds, the coupon
bonds, at his pleasure. He can keep stocks of
them on hand, which can be put out at any
time for certain emergencies in the money
market. This will lead to speculation. It
will not stop speculation. It will not lead to
prosperity or wealth. The less Congress has
to do with this dickering in bonds the better.
We should throw every restriction possible
around the Secretary and not allow him to
overstep the law.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I desire to say
just a word here with reference to this bill.
Mr. DAWES. I yield a few moments to
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I will state the
reason why I voted for this bill in the com-
mittee. I do not see that it affects the power
of the Secretary at all, or has anything to do
wiih the syndicate at all. It simply places both
classes of bonds upon the same footing. Take
this case : a man has a large amount of cou-
pon bonds, which he thinks is the best form
of investment and is using in his business; he
dies ; I am appointed his trustee; he has a
large number of infant children; I prefer, and
the law now gives me the right to do so, to
convert them into registered bonds and to hold
them while those children are infants; it is
better for them and safer for me as a perma-
nent investment: after the children come of
age, however, and want to go into business,
and they wish to use their bonds themselves
as their father had done, why should not I as
trustee have the right to have the registered
bonds reconverted into the coupon bonds to
be used in commerce, just as I now have the
right to change the coupon bond into a regis-
tered bond as a matter of permanent security ?
That is the whole case. The coupon bonds
are more valuable when they are to be used
in commerce. The exchange is to be made
at the expense of the holders. The bill
neither increases nor diminishes the power
of the Secretary, and has nothing to do with
loans. It simply facilitates the negotiation
of bonds when the holders desire to negotiate
them. This seems to me to be the whole
thing in a nut-shell, and, if I have correctly
stated it, surely the bill ought to pass.
Mr. DAWES. I yield now to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Merriam.]
Mr. MERRIAM. There is no more risk to
the Treasury Department in the issuing of
coupon bonds than in the issuing of regis-
tered bonds. There is more security in regis-
tered bonds to the widows and orphans of our
country, and to our banking institutions. But
the reason why facilities should be provided
for the exchange,, of registered into coupon
bonds is simply this: that the floating capital
in New York seeks investment, and it is
impossible for an investor to put his money
into registered bonds and to reconvert them
at his will. If it is any object for the Govern-
ment to retain that floating capital, there
should be facilities for converting it into
coupon bonds.
There is no risk in this except to the holder.
If he chooses in consideration of the greater
security of our Government bonds to put his
money into Government bonds, then the op-
portunity of putting them there should be
allowed to him.
There can be no possible objection to this
bill. It is no loss to the Government, but it is
a convenience to the business community.
The amount of capital which day by day is
seeking investment temporarily in the city of
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 11.
New York is beyond conception of almost any !
of us. If the capitalists find that they can put.
this money into the coupon bonds of the Gov-
ernment they will do it, but if not, they will
put it into fancy securities. Ought we not to
enable them to have the chance of putting this
floating capital in Government bonds at a time
when we are seeking to place our securities in
foreign markets? Unless, sir, we are willing
to permit the exchange of registered to coupon
bonds, we are shutting out our own capital
from these investments. I for one feel that
this is not a bill for the benefit of specu-
lators ; it is a bill for the benefit of the float-
ing capital of the country, which demands a
sate investment.
Mr. DAWES. I now move the previous
question 011 the bill.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to move to refer
the bill to the Committee on Banking and
Currency?
The SPEAKER. Not unless the House
refuses to second the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the House will sec-
ond the previous question and pass this bill.
The question was put upon seconding the
demand for the previous question ; anci on a •
division, there were—ayes eighty-two, noes not
counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered, being
upon ordering the bill to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What is the differ-
ence in value between a coupon bond and a
registered bond?
Mr. DAWES. I cannot say exactly, but I
will ask to have read what the Secretary of
the Treasury says upon this subject.
The Clerk read as follows :
" I think it expedient, as a means of giving addi-
tional value to the bonds authorized by the funding
act of July 14, 1870, and additional security to the
owners, that registered bonds of every issue should
be made convertible into coupon bonds at the will
of the holder. When this privilege is granted the
desire to reconvert them will cease."
Mr. HOLMAN. This is an attempt on the
part of the Government to appreciate the value
of its bonds at a time when it wishes to sell
them.
Mr. DAWES. And does the gentleman
from Indiana object to that?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly I do object to it.
Mr. DAWES. The Government is now
seeking to place its bonds abroad, and of
course it should do whatever will appreciate
their value.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make an
inquiry of the gentleman from Massachusetts, '
[Mr. Dawes.] I understand that the differ- 1
ence in value in favor of the coupon bonds is
one half per cent. Is that true ? Some gen- j
tlemen say one sixteenth, and some one eighth |
per cent. Now, if the coupon bonds are more
valuable than the registered bonds, why should
the Government allow registered bonds to be
converted into coupon bonds?
Mr. DAWES. 1 will leave the gentleman to
figure that out, and I now ask for a vote.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Upon the passage of the
bill I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and there
were—yeas 137, nays 21, not voting 83; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Barry, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Heck, Bell,
Beveridge, Biggs. Bingham, Austin Blair, Boles,
Braxton, Bright,Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Ben-
jamin J?. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Coburn, Co-
mirigo, Conger, Cotton, Crocker, Davis, Dawes,
Dickey, Donnan, DuB se, Puell, Dunnell, Eames,
Eldredge.Farnsworth, Farwell,Finkelnburg,Forker,
Charles Poster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Getz, Hale,
Halsey, Handloy, Harmer. Harper, George E. Harris,
Havens, John B. llawlcy, Hay, John W. Hazeltcn,
llerndnn, Hibbard, Hill, Houghton; K«ll0y Kel-
logg, Kerr, lvetcham, Killinger. King, Lnuiisun,
Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Marshall, Muynard, Mc-
Clelland, McCrary, MeGrew, Mcllenry, Mclntyie,
McJunkin, MeKee, MeKinney, Merriam, Benjamin
F. Meyers. Mitchell, Monroe, Moore, jVIorey, Mor-
gan, Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, llosea
W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Peck,Pendleton, Perce,
Perry, Peters, Poland, Porter, Potter, Randall,
ltead, Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Skim
11. Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions,
Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shoemaker, 11. Bourdman
Smith, John A.Smith, Speer, Sprasue, Starkweather,
Stoughton, Swann, Terry, Washington Townseiid.
Xuthill. Twichell. Tyner, Upson, Waildell, Wake-
man, Waldron, Wallace, Warren, Wells, Wheeler.
Wbiteley, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah
M. Wilson",Winchester, and Wood—137.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Beatty, Cox, Crebs, Cross-
land,Dpdds, Dox, Garfield, Joseph R. Hawley, Hol-
man, Hooper, Lewis, Manson, Niblack, John M.
Rice, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Van Trump, Whit-
thorne, and \oung—21.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks,
Barber, Bamum, Bigby, Bird, James G. Blair, Boar-
man, Brooks, Buckley, Caldwell,Campbell, Carroll,
Clarke, Cobb, Cogblan, Conner, Creely, Critcher,
Darrall, De Large, Duke, Elliott, Ely, Esty, Henry
D. Foster. Garrett, Giddings, (iolladay, Goodrich,
Griffith, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hancock, Hanks,
John T. Harris, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, Hereford,
Hoar, Kendall, Kinsella, Leach, Lynch, McCormick,
McNeely, Merrick, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Piatt,
Price, Prindle, Rainey, Edward Y. Xiice, Ritchie,
Robinson, John Rogers, Roosevelt, Seeley, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shober, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, Worthing-
ton C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Stowell, St. John,
Sutherland, Sypher, Taffe. Thomas, Dwight Town-
send, Turner, Vaughan. Voorhees, Walden, Walls,
Williams of New York, and John T. Wilson—83.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
estate 07 hear. admiral dahlg&en.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No.
1059) authorizing a settlement of the claims
of the estate of the late Rear Admiral John
A. Dahlgren, was returned to the Senate, in
compliance with the request of that body.
sailors' monument.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
3123) to authorize the Secretary of the Navy
to transport in a Government vessel free of
duty a monument designed by Admiral Por-
ter to be erected in the grounds of the Naval
Academy at Annapolis, in memory of the offi-
cers, seamen, and marines of the Navy, was
returned to the Senate, in compliance with
the request from that body.
committee of conference.
The SPEAKER appointed as conferees on
the part of the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses upon the bill (H. R. No.
3124) to provide for the removal of the sunken
wreck which obstructs the channel-way off
Sandy Hook, Mr. Shellabarger, Mr. Con-
ger, and Mr. Cox.
reference op a petition.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, of Massachu-
setts, by unanimous consent, the petition of
Major Schuyler Hamilton was taken from the
files of the House and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
scales and manning.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I am instructed by
the Commiitee of Ways and Means to report
to this House a bili for the relief of Messrs.
Scales & Manning, of Nashville, Tennessee,
and to ask for its consideration at this time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call
for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. To the exclusion of this
bill?
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. It will take but
a few moments to consider and pass it.
The bill, which was read, provides that
Horace C, Scales and Samuel H. Manning, of
Nashville, Tennessee, and the survivor of them,
their heirs, administrators, and assigns, shall
be permitted to commence and carry on the
business of distilling in and at their distillery
recently erected in Davidson county, Tennes-
