1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
extra labor is done, where overwork is done,
the m-en who do the overwork should be com-
pensated in proportion to the labor done.
That is fair, certainly. I wish the gentleman
from Michigan to see how our letter-carriers
have to work in New York city, trudging
through the snow of winter, through the sum-
mer sun, through the spring mud, both day
and night, sixteen hours a day, and for a con-
temptible pittance, for they save nothing at
the end of the year. And the Government
compels them to buy their own uniform.
.Year after year we have pressed this on the
attention of Congress. We have a letter-car-
rier's association in New York, which has a
certain esprit de corps. They are men of
honor and integrity, who take a pride in their
business. They ask us as their Representatives
to'present these matters to Congress. Yet we
have scarcely a chance to be beard. Gentle-
men come here with their sophistical argu-
ments to prejudice the country against the city
in this regard.
Now, I wish the amendment of my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. L. Myers] to bo at
least considered. Oh, gentlemen say, we can
get other people to do this work 1 But you
cannot get the same class of people. You
want , good people, men selected because of
their aptitude for this business, because they
are honest men, without regard to pay or what
not. We want a good civil service in this
regard, and that has been the character of the
letter-carrier system in New York, Philadel-
phia, and Boston.
I hope the House will give that considera-
tion to this' matter which it deserves. These
are working men and hard-working men. If
you go to cat down the salary of a collector
or an assessor, or of some of these men who
roll up hundreds and thousands of dollars per
annum, the other side of the House would be
reluctant; and perhaps this side of the House
wo.uld be reluctant to vote for it, although they
generally go for cutting down salaries. Here
is a chance to equalize this thing and to make
fair compensation to these men according to
the work done.
[Here the hammer fell. J
The question recurred on the amendment to
the amendment moved by Mr. L. Mybp.s.
The amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on Mr. Cot-
ton's amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. The Postmaster General
has the discretion now, and this is only
$100,000 thrown away.
Mr. COTTON. 1 object to debate.
The committee divided ; and there were—
ayes 26, noes 56.
Mr. COTTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cotton and
Mr. Conger were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 72, noes 56.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For advertising $70,000; Provided, That hereafter
no payment shall be made to any newspaper pub-
lished in the District of Columbia for advertising
any other mail routos than those in Virginia and
Maryland.
Mr, • MERRIAM. I move the following
amendment as a substitute for that paragraph:
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided further, That the yearly advertisement
u wopo^sto carry the mails of the United States
snail bo restricted to ope or more newspapers printed
in the congressional districts or Territory where the
routes begin, pass through, or terminate, and shall
be published therein twice each month for three
months, and that no other advertisement for said
proposals shall be published,
Mr, RANDALL, I hope that amendment
will not prevail.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make the point of order
that that changes existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
For the manufacture of adhesive postage stamps,
$184,550.
Mr. PALMER. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Strike out "$184,550" and insert in lieu thereof
"$134,550."
Mr. RANDALL. I move to amend the
amendment so as to make the amount $110,000.
I base my amendment upon the facts obtained
from a full examination of the subject. I have
recently had the opportunity of looking into
the statements furnished by the Postmaster
General in connection with adhesive stamps,
and I find that under the contract for four
years just expiring there were printed two
thousand and ninty-four million stamps. They
cost the Government twenty seven and a
half cents per thousand, and I am pained to
say that an examination of the bids made for
that contract develops the fact that the Govern-
ment has absolutely been put to an unnecessary
expenditure of $177,000. It is right to say
that it was not under the present administra-
tion of the Post Office Department that that
contract was made.
Now, for the very same stamps for which
we have been paying for four years past
twenty-seven and a half cents per thousand,
we now propose to pay fourteen and ninety-
nine hundredths cents, under a new contract,
so that the reduction is enormous. Esti-
mating a probable increase in the use of
stamps of twenty per £ent., and fixing it at
twenty-five million stamp3 during the next
four years at fifteen cents, throwing fractions
aside, it would cost the Government, and it
would be necessary to make that appropria-
tion for the four years, $375,000. For one
year, as provided for in this bill, it would be
$93,750. I maintain, therefore, that we should
keep the appropriation down. Here is a mani-
fest propriety in making a reduction at least
to $110,000. And the committee will observe
that I give a margin for actual increase, and
I then give the additional margin, the differ-
ence between $93,750 and $110,000, I think
in view of these figures it is plain and mani-
fest that $110,000 is sufficient. I hope the
gentleman who has charge of this bill on
behalf of the Committee on Appropriations
will accept this amendment.
Mr. PALMER. My amendment was based
on the estimates of the Department.
Mr. RANDALL. I take the figures of the
Department and arrive at the results I have
shown to the committee.
Mr. SARGENT. I believe there is one
fact the bearing of which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] does not take
into account. We have recently abolished en-
tirely the franking privilege, and consequently
we shall require hereafter a great increase in
the use of stamps for all the Departments of
the Government. I think there has not been
adequate allowance made for that in the gen-
tleman's calculation. If I understand his
figures he makes an allowance for the ordinary
increase, and also a margin beyond that.
Mr. RANDALL. I allow twenty per cent,
increase.
Mr. SARGENT. When it is remembered
that every communication which every Depart-
ment of the Government is to send out here-
after must have its stamp, and that many of
those communications are double, treble,
quadruple, and even ten times single-letter
postage; that this will require stamps of high
value ; that furthermore all circulars under
our stringent post office laws have to be paid
separately ; the allowance made here by the
estimates of the Department for postage
stamps in future must fall short of the reality,
and I am much afraid the reduced amount
which the Postmaster General asks for will not
be sufficient to carry him through the fiscal
year.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Was this
estimate made by the committee in view of
the abolition of the franking privilege?
Mr. SARGENT. The original estimate was
made before the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege. The reduction proposed by the Post-
master General was before that time.
Mr. RANDALL. The reduction is on ac-
count of the difference in the contract price.
Under the old contract we paid twenty-seven
and a half cents; under the new we pay four-
teen and ninety-nine hundredths cents.
Mr. SARGENT. That was fully explained
in the Committee on Appropriations. The
reduction was chiefly because by a more care-
ful contract, made after better competition,
the Government is able to bring down the
price of stamps. But the abolition of the
franking privilege to a great extent nullifies
that, and requires the use of so many more
stamps to do the ordinary business of the
Department that the medium struck by the
Post Office Department seems to me to be a
safe one.
Mr. RANDALL. The very company which
held the late contract for twenty-seven and a
half cents, through their chief clerk, offered
the Department to do the same work for six-
teen and a half cents under a new contract;
showing that the Department, under the late
contract, was grossly overreached. The gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Sargent] will
also notice that I have allowed a twenty per
cent, margin for the increase in the aggregate
use of stamps. I also give fifteen per cent,
even after that margin, on the amount appro-
priated. I give in the first place twenty per
cent, as to the increase in the use of stamps,
and then about fifteen per cent, on the amount
appropriated.
Mr. SARGENT. The increase is very
little more than the ordinary increase in the
business of the country, and I would rather
trust the careful estimate of the Department
than the information of any gentleman, how-
ever well informed he may be.
Mr. RANDALL. As a member of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
I have been looking at this matter very care-
fully.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. While I have no
doubt that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
is right as to the number of stamps consumed
by the Department, and while if he were cer-
tain that he is right as to his estimated increase,
I think we might reduce the appropriation to
his figure, still I think it safer to adhere to the
figures of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Palmer ;] for if the appropriation is too large,
only so much of it can be used as is neces-
sary to procure the stamps that are consumed.
But in this estimate no allowance has been
made for stamps which are burned. During
the last year many hundred thousands of
stamps were burned in the various offices
throughout the country. I do not remember
how many stamps were burned in the Chicago
fire, but the number was very large. These
accidents are constantly occurring; offices are
burned all over the country, and more or less
stamps are destroyed. It can do no harm to
appropriate more money than is necessary, for
no more money can be used than is necessary
to proc .re the stamps which are needed.
Mr. RANDALL. One word more. In view
of the fact that we are likely to reduce letter
postage to two cents, I think we should make
every possible effort to reduce the appropria-
tions, as that reduction will make a deficiency
of $6,000,000 on letters alone, unless the in-
crease m the number of letters sent shall make
up some portion of it. To what extent it will
do so, I am unable to say; but there will be a
deficiency of $6,000,000 which must be met,
if met at all, by the increase of the number of
letters sent through the mails.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. One word on that
subject. Does the gentleman, from Peiinsyl-
vania make allowance for the additional num-
