2086
the 'mmummmAt
March 1,
concurred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ment be engrossed and the joint resolution
read a thira time. The joint resolution was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That ought to be tamed
into a bill; the law requires all these joint
resolutions to be bills.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would inform the Senator that this is a House
joint resolutiou.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I move to amend
it by making it a bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It might
interfere with the records of the House ;
but the bill will be so amended if there be
no objection.
Mr. CONKLING, There is one thing that
the Senator from Vermont may not hare
thought of. Very likely there is a House bill
of the same number as this resolutiou, and if
this is turned into a bill of the same number
there will be two bills of that number. ' ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will not do any harm.
Mr. CONKLING. It may or may not do
barm : but we had a careful investigation of
the subject a year or two ago by my frieud
from Illinois, (Mr. Trumbull,.) and others in
committee, in which it was determined and a
law passed that all proceedings of this kind
should be by bill. My motion is to amend this
joint resolution so as to change it into a bill.
The PRESIDING OFF I CIS LI. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
The motion was agreed to.
MAItY IS. GROSYENOK.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill (H. R.
No. 3589) granting a pension to Mary E.
Grosveuor was passed by mistake. It was re-
ported upon adversely by the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
will bo entered.
Mr. PRATT. Let it bo reconsidered and
placed on the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the vote on the passage of the
bill will be regarded as reconsidered, and the
question is on its indefinite postponement.
Mr. WRIGHT. I trust the Senator from
Indiana will not insist on having that motion
put.
Mr. PRATT. No, lot it bo placed on the
Calendar with the adverse report of the com-
mittee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will bo made.
HOUR OF MEETING
Mr.- DAVIS. I move that when the Senate
adjourns it adjourn to meet at teu o'clock
to-morrow morning.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, let us make that
order now, so that we shall know wheu we are
to meet.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will entertain the motion by unanimous con-
sent. The Senator from West Virginia moves
that when the Senate adjourns, it be to meet at
ten o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. COLE. I wish to make a report from
the Committee on Appropriations. The Com-
mittee ori Appropriations have had under con-
sideration the bill (II. R. No. 4051) making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment for ihe current fiscal year ending June
30, 187;', and for other purposes, and have
instructed me to report it back with sundry
amendments, and to ask for its present consid-
eration. 1 will slate that the bill as it passed
the House was printed yesterday or last night,
and 1 presume has been examined by every
Senator who takes an interest in it. The
amendments that are proposed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of this body are
none of them of a new or novel character.
AH of them I believe are on subjects familiar
to the Senate, and there is no reason therefore
why we should not proceed immediately with
the consideration of the bill without waiting
for the amendments to be printed ; and there-
fore I ask that it be considered at this time,
and to that end I move that the Calendar be
postponed temporarily.
Mr. BLAIR. I want to make an appeal to
the Senator from California and to the Senate
to allow me to call up a bill which will take
very little time, and which was passed over
last Tuesday on the objection of a friend of
mine when I was absent.. I am uot able to
remaiu longer in the Senate, aud I hope the
Senate will allow that bill to be taken up.
b1udgis ax st. louis.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri asks unanimous consent of the
Senate to take up a bill which ho will name.
Mr. BLAIR. The Mississippi river bridge
bill.
Mr. COLE. I cannot resist the appeal of
the Senator from Missouri if the bill will create
no discussion.
Mr. BLAIR. It will cause no discussion.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. That iB
the bill I objected to in consequence of the
Senator's absence; the objection is withdrawu.
Mr. COLE. As I understand, the deticiehcy
bill is up ready for consideration when this is
disposed of, and is only laid aside informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion has uot yet been taken on tho motion to
postpone the Calendar. Unloss there is objec-
tion, the Calendar will be postponed and the
Senate will proceed to the consideration of
the deficiency appropriation bill. The Chair
hears no objection to that course.
Mr. HOWE. 1 thought the Senator from
Missouri wished to call up a bill.
Mr. COLE. Now i consent that the defi-
ciency bill bo laid aside informally until the
bill of the Senator from Missouri can bo dis-
posed of, if it can be disposed of without
debate.
Air. HOWE. I am not talking about the
billot tho Senator from Missouri, but about
the bill of the Senator from California. I
want to know if the Senator from California
cannot indulge some of us with another hour
on this Calendar before bo aska us to proceed
to the consideration of the deficiency bill.
Of course when Juggernaut comes along we
must get out of the way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. I think
we ought to dispose of the deficiency bill and
then, if thercf is time afterward, go to the Cal-
endar again.
Mr. COLE. The request of the Senator
from Wisconsin will not depend upon me,
therefore, and if tho Senate desire to post-
pone it another hour they can do so of course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the bill called up by the Sena-
tor from Missouri, [Mr. Blair.J
Mr. BLAIR. 1 ask that the bridge bill be
taken up.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con;
sider the bill (H. R. No. 4033) authorizing
the construction of a bridge across the Missis-
sippi riv«r at St. Louis, in the State of Mis-
souri.
i Mr. EDMUNDS, is thore any provision
for the amendment or repeal of that act at the
will of Congress'?
Mr. SCHURZ. The right to alter or amend
this act is reserved.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no provision
here for a right to repeal.
Mr. SOUUKZ. I desire to offer a few
amendments toi the protection of navigation
of the Mississippi river that have been agreed
upon between my colleague aud myself and
the Senators from Illinois, who are most inter-
ested in this bill. The first amendment is in
section two, line three, instead of '' fbtlf
spans" to say "two spans." The amend-
ment is to strike out" four" and insert "two."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHtjRZ. Inline four of section two I
move to strike out"four" and insert " five
so as to read : _
The two spans over the main ohannel of the river
shall not be loss than five hundred feet in the eiear
frotn pier to pier.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ. In line.twelve of section two
I move to insert after the word "bridge ' the
words " or in the case of arched spans from the
lowest point of the center o fthe arch;" so as
to read:
Tho elevation of the bridge from the main channel
shall not bo loss than one hundred feet above low
water mark, as understood at the point of location,
measuring for suoh elevation to the lowest part of
tho superstructure or tho bottom chord of said
bridfro, or in tho case of arohed spans, from the low-
est point of tho center of the aroh.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ. In section three, line four,
I move to strike out the words "one week"
aud insert " thirty daysso as to require
notice to be given in the papers for thirty days.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend by
adding at the end of the bill, " this act shall
be subject to amendment or repeal according
to the pleasure of Congress."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. As this bill has been
amended once, I venture to call the attention
of the Senate to that part of the bill which pro-
vides for the jurisdiction in either State. Un-
less I am mistaken, there is a statement there
not only ungrammatical but obscure, aud very
likely the Senators interested will consent to
have it modified. It reads: "the cause shall be
tried before the district court of the United
States of either State in which any portion of
said obstructions or bridge touches." I take
it the jurisdiction designed to be given is to any
State which is touched by the obstruction, or
"in which it touches." A phrase which came
by mistakeoriginally from the department of
engineers, in a bill to this body, is here found
in this bill; and it was deemed wise intheeom-
mittee of conference to correct it on the bjll
to which I allude; but the same error hascrept
into several bills since, and I see it here. I
think striking out the word "in" is all that
is necessary. Let the Secretary read it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
The eauso shall bo tried before tho district court
oi tho United States of either Stat© in which any
portion ot said obstructions or bridge touches,
Mr. CONKLING.
to be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
J. MORRIS AND J. S. JOHNSON.
Mr. GOLDTH WAITE. I ask the indul-
gence of the Senate to take np a bill to which
I have already several times referred. It is a
very short bill. I am satisfied that the read-
ing oi the report will be all that will be neces-
sary to convince the Senate of its justice. It
has been reported on unanimously in both
Houses. It was up on Saturday and read.
-I here being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 8855) for the relief
of Josiah Morris and J. F. Johnson.
lhe bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
• deficiency bill.
^•r £OLE. I call for the regular order
I tie PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
The word "in" ought
