1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
208?
from South Carolina calls for the regtilar order,
which is the deficiency bill.
Mr. COLE. I move that debate on amend-
ments to the pending appropriation bill be
confined to five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
BlttEC'f tfAX SALE,
Mr. SAWYEfi. I ask permission of the
Senator from California to take up a bill which
was just passed over on the Calendar which is-
very important and to which nobody will
object, a bill reported from the Committee on
finance. It requires simply to be read and
to be pissed. It will not take any more time
than to tead it, and it is of very great import-
ance to a large number of people in my State.
It is the only bill I have called attention to
from my seat this session. It is Senate bill
No. 1327.
Mr. COLE. That same character of appeal
may come from almost every Senator in this
body. I myself have wanted to get up some
bills with a great deal of anxiety that I failed
to have considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California objects.
Mr.COLE. Let us go on with the defi-
ciency bill. ,
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to state a fact to
the Senator frbtn California. I objected to
that bill on the ground that it was a Senate
bill. The Senator from South Carolina assures
me, I do not know on what authority, that if
it passes this body it Can pass the House. The
Senator from South Carolina was out of his
seat, discharging his duties on a, committee,
and co'uld not be here ; and if he had been
here and made that explanation at the time, I
Certainly should have withdrawn my objection.
Mr. SAWYER. I will say that the bill will
only take one minute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California object to the con-
sideration of the bill? (/''£?o ! "]
Mr. COLE. Everybody says "no." I.
suppose they know better than I do. Let it
be read subject t6 objection. I do not know
what it is.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 1527) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for the redemption
and sale of lands held by the United States
under the several acts levying direct taxes,
and for other purposes.',' .
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Finance with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was
on page 2, line twenty-six, after the word "ex-
pended," to insert the words " to increase the
efficiency of any free public schools estab-
lished aud sustained in said parishes by au-
thority of said State, if such schools shall
exist, otherwise at the discretion of the com-
missioner's hereinafter named ; and such ex-
penditure shall be made."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 2, line
thirty-three, after the word "Treasury,'' to in-
sert the words "and removable at his discre-
tion."
Tne amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was o'n page 3, line
thirty-eight, after the word "the," to insert
the words "acts of the direct tax commis-
sioner for the district of South Carolina, here-
tofore performed in accordance with the."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 3, line
forty-four, after the words " eighteen hundred
and" sixty-three," to strike Cut the'following
words: ,. , .. «. i
So far is thev relate to the rentm? of the school
so oSlcd, in the parish of St. Helena,
on fort district ill th© Stuto 8*lor<3&aiid  and to tlio
Proceed, thereof, and also the
acts of said commissioners done 111 accordance With,
tuch instructions be.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line forty nine,
after the word "confirmed," to insert the
words " so far as they relate to the renting of
the school farms. So called, in the Said par-
ishes, and the disbursement of the proceeds
thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended proposes to amend sec-
tion six of atl act to provide for the redemption
atid sale of lands held by the United States
uiiderthe several acts levying direct taxes, and
for other purposes, approved June 8, 1872, so
that it will read as follows:
Sec. 6. That all money derived from the sale of
school-farm lands under the provisions of section
eight of an act entitled "Afl act to continue in force
and to amend an act entitled 'An act to establish a
bureau for the relief of freedmen and refugees, and
for other purposes,'" approved July 16,1866; ana
all bonds purchased with the proceeds of such salCS,
and all moneys derived from the leases ofsaid school-
farm lands by the direct tax commissioners for the
district of South Carolina, under the instructions of
President Lincoln, dated September 16,1863, shall
be turned over to the. Secretary of the Treasury by
the officers of the Government in whose custody
said money and bonds may bo; and said moneys
shall be by said Secretary invested in bonds of the
United States, and with said aforenamed bondsshall
be by him retained as a fund for the use and support
of free public schools in the parishes of Saint Helena
and Saint.Luke, South Carolina, in equal parts, the
interest of which shall annually be expended to in-
crease the efficiency of any free public schools estab-
lished and sustained in said parishes by authority
of said State, if such Schools shall exist, otherwise
at the discretion of the commissioners hereinafter
named; and such expenditure shall be made under
the direction and control of % Special board of three
commissioners, who shall be appointed by and aot
under the direction ot the Secretary Of the Treasury)
and removable at his discretion, and shall be duly
sworn that they wit? faithfully discharge theirdrfties
as such commissioners, and shall give such gcod and
sufficient bonds therefor as said Secretary shall re-
quire, and who shall not receive more' than #100 par
year each for their services; also, that the acts
of the direct tax commissioner for the district of
South CaroinuL, heretofore performed in accordance
Ttfith the instructions of Abraham Lincoln, President
of the United States of America, to the direct taS
commissioners for the district of South Carolina,
dated September 16,1863, be, and thesame are hereby,
confirmed, so far as th ey relate to the renting of the
schoel.farms. So called, in the said parishes, and the
disbursement of the proceeds thereof.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend by
addirlg another section:
That this" act shall b4 subject to amendment or
repeal at the pleasure of Congress.
So that if the tittle comes when it is un-
necessary-for tig to devote this money to this
use it may' be devoted to some Other. I think
that is the me&nittg of it now, but for safety I
offer this amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. I have no objection to the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the> amendments were con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third
time, ahd passed.
CONNECTICUT VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I want to make a
statement to the Senate not to occupy more
than two minntes. I want to say that tliere
are between two-and three hundred men in
Connecticut who volunteered in the service of
the country under a proclamation of the Presi-
dent. Immediately after that proclamation
an order was issued by the War Department
offering a bounty of $100. The Governor of
Connecticut issued his order calling for volun-
teers, and incorporated into that order that
promise of $100 to those mCU. They volun-
teered. They performed the service. A bill
was passed in April last for the very purpose
of giving to them, together with others, the
bounty which had been promised; but the bill
which passed in April last provided that all
who enlisted into the service of the United
States prior to the 22d of July, 1861, should
be entitled to-the bounty. These men were
in rendezvous in June in Connecticut, were
enlisted into the service of the State of Con-
necticut ready to be turned over to the service
of the General Government. The General
Government hesitated to accept them, although
th'ey slb6d than armed and equipped aM
ready for field feetttfe: But bis the 22!l day
[Mr. FfcRKT] in® ItW sStijEK dflhiS ]Cff(L _
States. The Department cohMfiW tne Wokls
"enlistment 'Into the service bf the United
States" is not t&foili jl'atf6 liiitil tliir
22d day of Jul}. ' The bill tii'qtffdM lMt
Bounties should Be pjftd rer those wHo ^iilisted
prior to the 22d of July., THd r'ea'Sdh for that
was that on the 22d d&y t>f Jtiiy tie President
issued a proclamation, for five hundred thod:
sand more volunteers.
Now, what I want is that the Seftdtfe should
give me an opportunity td correct tnkt error,
and let us pass that bill so thfit it i&ay pass the
House. Whether It ^hall, be how or wliethei'
it shall be When we Shall hive p&Ssfed five
other bills atid reach it in "orcfef, 1 do hot Care,
but 1 have bein Waiting ftith. great J&tience
that we might reach it Without troubling the
Senate to interfere With the' re^UKr order.
Mr. COLE. 1 insist oii th"4, regular Order,
and I hope no Seii'atpr iMfl tryto lAt^pd^e
any business? M'tliei fMy 6t the atjficichcy bill.
It is now after eleven o' clock and' &e .want to
go on and get through with It t'6-"tfidh!t. " To-
morrow we shall have to dispose of sgvej-al
very important reports t>f conference com'mit-
Mr: BUCKINGHAM. I Must ask the
favor of tlie Senate' ttf tike up the bill I have
alluded to. I Shall ifiake lid fe'Msrkfe.
• Mr.'COLE. ItotiSft dt>j$r '
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I fisk to lay aside
the pending bill.
The PRESIDING. OFFICER, the Sen-
ator from Connecticut moves to postpone the
deficiency bill for the purpose of proceeding
to the consideration of the -bill indicated by
him.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to sav one word
on this subject. 1 remember the._ case as
stated by the Senator from Conrifeqticut per-
fectly well. When those troops from-Connec-
ticut weie offered, it was.^t a time when the
Administration thought they were going to end
the war in two or three months'. It was ;'then
supposed to be a sixty-days note to be dis-
counted and paid, I r<em£mber'perfectly well
that When the services of these men were
offered at the Waif Department they we;e_n_ot
taken because some portions of the* Adminis-
tration thoughtthey would not be needed, but
I remember how gladly we received them after
the battle of Bull Run, and how quickly the
War Department issued an'order for them and
everybody else who would volunteer. I think
this is one of the cases thaj we ought to a,ct on
immediately. It cannot fake a minute. 1 trust
the Senator from California will give Way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Con-
necticut, to postpone the deficiency bill to take
up the bill indicated By him.
The question being put, a division was called
for, and the ayes were sixteen.
Mr. CAMERON. Let us have the yeas and
nays. This is an important question.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. We could pass the
bill while we are calling the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays are called for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not wish to
delay the Senate. If they will only give me
an early opportunity, I will withdraw my
motion now. ["Right!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is withdrawn, and the deficiency bill is before
the Senate.
THE DEJ1CIKNOX BILL.
The-Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 4051) tr>akitig appropriations to supply
