1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
112T
ber of stamps that will be used, owing to the
increase of the correspondence of the country
in consequence of the reduction of postage ?
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman will bear
in mind that I leave a margin of twenty per
cent, for that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know you do, but
I doubt if the margin is large enough. If we
make that reduction of letter postage we pro-
pose to require the prepayment of postage on
all newspapers and printed matter passing
through the mails, and the estimate of the
Department is that that will save one mil-
lion and a half to two million dollars annually
which is now utterly lost by our not collecting
the postage on printed matter.
Mr. RANDALL. The difficulty is that
while the reduction of letter postage to two
cents is universally accepted, the other branch
of the measure to which the gentleman has
referred meets with decided opposition.
The question was taken on the amendment
to the amendment offered by Mr. Randai^l;
and it was not agreed to.
The amendment reported from the Commit-
tee on Appropriations was then agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
l?or official envelopes for postmasters, $29,525.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out that item, for the reason that post-
masters are now no more entitled to official
envelopes than persons in other business. The
franking privilege has been abolished, and there
is no reason why official envelopes for post-
masters should be paid for to the amount of
over $29,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This has noth-
ing to do with the franking privilege. It is
simply to furnish them with envelopes in which
to send their official reports. They cannot be
expected to furnish their own stationery.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We have
just made an appropriation of $60,000 for
"stationery and miscellaneous items," and
now it is proposed to appropriate $29,000 more
for official envelopes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly we
have to send them registered envelopes, offi-
cial envelopes in which to make their returns.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes;
envelopes nicely engraved and printed. I do
not know why a postmaster should be entitled
to official envelopes and I should not be.
Mr. DUNNELL. I rose at the time the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
did, for the purpose of moving the amendment
he has moved. I desire to make a remark or
two in favor of it. My attention was called to
these two lines as containing a very large
appropriation for the object sought to be ac-
complished by it. It will be very readily seen
by an estimate that this amount of money
woald give to every postmaster in the country
sufficient envelopes to enable him to corre-
spond with the Department here every day
in the year. It is admitted here that these
envelopes are wanted simply for quarterly
returns. Yet, with this appropriation of
$29,000, every postmaster in the country would
have sufficient envelopes to enable him to cor-
respond with the Department every day the
year through.
Now mark me one moment further. Under
the old system these envelopes are to be sent
to the Government Printing Office here, to
have printed upon them the words "official
business," then they are to be brought back
to the Post Office Department, and there par-
celed out into thirty thousand packages to be
sent all over the country. Sent how? Why,
under the franking privilege. This injury
will cost us from fifty to sixty thousand dol-
lars simply to furnish the postmasters 01 the
country what they need only four times m the
y6Mr. MAYNARD. Is this item intended to
embrace among official envelopes those used
by the money-order offices in,communication
with each other ?
Mr. DUNNELL. No; that is another item.
This simply provides what has hitherto been
the franking privilege of the postmasters; that
is all. It simply covers those envelopes upon
which have been printed heretofore in the
right-hand corner the words "official busi-
ness." And anybody who has dealt with
postmasters knows very well that those envel-
opes are sometimes used for other purposes
than to make quarterly returns. Now, to send
these envelopes at this great expense—why,
sir, it would take a dozen clerks to put up
these franked envelopes for postmasters. And
if we have had so mueh of reform as to abol-
ish the franking privilege, I want the post-
masters, who were made use of to demonstrate
to Congress that the country asked for the
abolition of the franking privilege, to pay
three cents every three months to make their
quarterly returns ; and I do not want them to
be furnished with envelopes wherewith to do it.
Mr. CONGER. On page 3 of this bill, line
forty-three, it is provided that no envelopes
furnished by the Government shall have any
printed matter upon them except a request
to return. Now if these envelopes for post-
masters shall have printed upon them the
words " official business," that will be in vio-
lation of the law. And if they are not printed
in that way, I do not know why the Department
should furnish them in this way at all. I
agree with what has been said about the
matter, that this particular class of envelopes
should not be furnished free by the Govern-
ment, that we should have just as cheap post-
age as possible.
Mr. PALMER. This item is intended to
cover the expenses of envelopes for official pur-
poses, the same as have been sent heretofore
under frank. The designation of "official
business" upon the envelopes is as necessary
as it ever was in order to distinguish them from
other letters. It will also be a check in the
use of these envelopes for other purposes. _ It
in no manner changes the ordinary practice;
whatever arrangements may be made hereafter
for postage will in no manner effect this. It is
to facilitate the official communications of post-
masters with Department; nothing else.
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask the gentleman
one question, the answer to which may throw
some light upon this matter. I would suggest
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butmr] and to the gentleman from Minne-
sota [Mr. Dunnell] that they are somewhat
wide of the mark, for the reason that abolish-
ing the franking privilege has nothing to do
with the expenses more or less included in
this item. If the Post Office Department
formerly needed as much money for these
envelopes, it needs it now. The postmasters
will be obliged to prepay postage undoubtedly;
that will come in under another item, and we
will have to furnish them the money for it.
But the expense of envelopes to wrap up the
matter they transmit will be just the same as
it ever was; for their returns will be made as
often and each of them will be as bulky. Un-
less we have appropriated extravagantly here-
tofore, the present appropriation is none too
large. The abolition of the franking privilege
has nothing to do with the question.
Mr. DUNNELL. Let me ask the genUe-
man from Maine [Mr. Hale] whether he will
not confess that $2'J,000 is as excessive ap-
propriation for furnishing thirty thousand post-
masters with envelopes wherewith to make
their quarterly returns?
Mr. HALE. The gentleman from Minne-
sota [Mr. Dunnell] supposes that each post-
master makes return but once in three months.
Now the estimate on which this appropriation
is based is that there will be one communica-
tion a day from each of the officers through-
out the country. I presume there are some
officers that do not need to report oftenerthan
once in three months ; but in our larger cities
the postmaster needs to report ten, or twelve,
[ or twenty times a day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move pro forma
to amend by striking out in the pending para-
graphtheword "twenty-five." Iwishmerely
to correct a misapprehension on the part of
some gentlemen here in reference to this sub-
ject. The gentleman from Minnesota [Mr.
Dtomell] supposes that the abolition of the
franking privilege dispenses with the necessity
for envelopes and other stationery. It is also
assumed that these official envelopes are
needed only for quarterly returns; but, sir,
they cover money orders.
Mr. DUNNELL. That is in another item.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The item to which
the gentleman refers is for registered letters,
not money orders. These envelopes are for
the entire official correspondence of the post-
masters. Now, it is not extravagant to sup-
pose that the postmasters of the United States
upon an average will be required to use one
of these envelopes every day in the year. A
great many postmasters in our large cities are
obliged to use sometimes perhaps a hundred a
day. They are called upon to write to other
postmasters about the miscarrying of letters,
and upon every conceivable subject appertain-
ing to their official duties. This is something
we have provided for heretofore, and we must
continue to provide for it if our post office
business is to be properly discharged.
Tne gentleman also seems to suppose that
these envelopes, after they are procured, are
sent to the Government Printing Office to have
"official business" printed on them. That
is not so. The envelopes with "official busi-
ness" stamped upon them do not cost any
more than those without this indorsement.
The contract with the makers of the envel-
opes gives them precisely the same pay,whether
the envelope has these words printed upon it
or not. And an order for the return of the
letter may be printed on envelopes without
any additional cost to the Government. So
that, after all, there is a good deal of noise
about a very small matter. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. _ I renew
the amendment. If this appropriation is for
money-order envelopes, let gentlemen say so.
I have no objection to such envelopes being
paid for. But I do not think it right for us
to make an appropriation to pay for simply
official envelopes to the number covered by
this appropriation, which will be many, many
thousands. In this bill, a line or two before
the pending provision, we appropriate $60,000
for " stationery and miscellaneous purposes."
In line eighteen of the bill we appropriate
$2,500 more for "miscellaneous purposes."
Mr. GARB^IELD, of Ohio. That is for the
Department here.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
content that the appropriation for stationery
shall stand; but I do not see why the amount
here proposed should be taken out of the
Treasury for the purpose of furnishing post-
masters with envelopes. What a howling there
would be over this country if we voted ourselves
money for official envelopes. We should have
petitions sent in "official" envelopes from
every post office in the country if) favor of a
" reform" in that particular.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does the gen-
tleman mean to say that we have not an allow-
ance for post office stationery?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I neither
mean to say it, nor have I said it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. You spoke of
a "howling" that would be raised if we voted
ourselves official envelopes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I spoke
of the howling that would be raised if we voted
ourselves such things for all the time we are
away from here as well as when we are here
doing our official business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We are allowed
so much a year for stationery, including envel-
opes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I like to
