1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
tion of land. This is what has been promised
to them. It is a promise which we ought to
carry out. It gives them the title to this
quarter of a section of land fully and com-
pletely, and only when they have the patent
can it be disposed of.
Why, sir, all over my section of country,
while troops were being raised during the war,
there were placards announcing to the yonng
men of the country that if they entered the
Army they would receive quarter sections of
land in accordance with the traditional policy
of the Government. And I say that the Gov-
ernors of the various States were authorized
to make that promise, for it has been the per-
manent and hxed policy of the Government
since its organization to secure to the soldier
a freehold in the soil of his country. I there-
fore suggest to my friend from Michigan [Mr.
Stoughtov] that he should allow a vote on
this more liberal measure, which actually
secures to the soldier a quarter section of land,
and secures him against any possible depre-
ciation in value of land scrip through the uncer-
tain tenure which this bill creates. It gives
him an actual patent to his land. And I sub-
mit that the soldier can as well allow his land
to lie and increase in value as the speculators
can, who are holding such large quantities of
land.
I submit again to my friend from Michigan
[Mr. STorGirroxl that the effect of this meas-
ure which I propose will be, so far as it goes,
to destroy the influence of the monopolies now
existing. There is now allowed under the
preemption law unlimited entry on the public
lands, by which large tracts of land have been
laid hold of by private capitalists, irrespective
of the immense grants made to the large cor-
porations of this country. The tendency of
this amendment will be to secure to every
soldier his quarter section of land, and place
the Government patent for it in his hands. I
think my friend from Michigan, with his knowl-
edge of the soldier, will see that the soldier
will be perfectly secure against any fraud that
might be attempted to be perpetrated upon
him, and that with fair discretion he may hus-
band the resources his country has granted
him.
I thank my friend from Michigan for his
courtesy in yielding to me, and before sitting
down I wish to say that I desire to add to the
first section that the certificate shall not be
assignable.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I desire to be in-
dulged a few moments while I state my objec-
tions to the proposition of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman.] This country is
irrevocably committed to the principle of a
homestead law; that is, the principle of dis-
posing of the public lands for actual settle-
ment and cultivation. I am for this reason
opposed to the amendment of the gentleman,
although I appreciate his patriotic motives in
offering it. It is in conflict with the general
piincipleof the homestead law. It gives ab
solutely to the soldiers one hundred and sixty
acres of land, and without settlement or culti-
vation by any one. It would, therefore, retard
the actual settlement of our western lands.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman misappre-
hends my proposition.
Mr. STOUGHTON. The bill reported by
the committee is, in my opinion, preferable to
the proposition of the gentleman from Indiana.
That proposition is contrary to the settled pol-
icy of disposing of the public lands for actual
settlement and cultivation only. His amend-
ment would be injurious to the soldier himself.
It would give him a fee-simple to one hundred
and sixty acres of land at once, which he
would be compelled to hold, subject to local
taxation, without drawing any benefit from it.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman misappre-
hends my bill. The moment the soldier can
get his patent he can sell it. He gets his
patent at once, but until he does get his patent
hf- can make no disposition of his right.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I would ask
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hoi,man]
wherein that is different from the law of 1850Y
Mr. HOLMAN. The law of 1850 allowed, I
think, the assignment of the land warrant.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. The bill of the
gentleman from Indiana allows the soldier to
get a patent the same day he receives his cer-
tificate. Then the land is his ; and can he
not sell it to whomsoever he pleases ? Where-
in does that differ in policy from the land war-
rant system?
Mr. HOLMAN. It differs in this, that the
land warrant is assignable, and speculators
buy up the land warrants. Let me ask my
friend from Illinoie [Mr. Hawley] what is the
difference between the bill and the land war-
rant system? Under the bill of my friend
from Michigan the land warrant is assignable,
and that is the objection to it. My bill se-
cures to the soldier absolutely a quarter sec-
tion, and when he acquires his absolute title
and gets his patent for it, then he may dispose
of it to any person he pleases. Does my
friend think there is any danger in trusting
the soldiers with absolute title to a quar ter of
a section of land ?
Mr. STOUGHTON. Certainly not. The only
objection is that it withdraws the lands from
actual settlement and cultivation. I now call
the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that, as there has
been an evident misapprehension, my friend
from Michigan will allow my amendment to
be considered as pending for the action of the
House.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I cannot do that.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope my friend will not
cut out my amendment in this way.
The question was put upon seconding the
demand for the previous question ; and there
were—ayes 48, noes 60; no quorum voting.
Mr. HO LMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Michigan will admit my amendment.
Mr STOUGHTON. I will admit the amend-
ment ; and I now renew the demand for the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Hawley] has submitted a motion
to recommit the bill, which cuts off amend-
ments.
Mr. HOLMAN. My amendment can be
considered as pending by unanimous consent.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I must object.
The SPEAKER. * The amendment cannot
be offered pending the motion to recommit, or
unless the House votes down that motion,
leaving the bill free from all incumbrance.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let it be understood that
my amendment shall be pending provided the
motion to recommit be voted down.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I desire to
make a parliamentary inquiry. This bill has
been pending in the morning hour for four
days; if the House vote down the previous
question, will it still be pending in the morning
hour?
The SPEAKER. It will until disposed of.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. Who will be
entitled to the floor ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair divides the
time between the friends and the opponents
of the measure. The gentleman who occupied
the last hour was in favor of the bill and the
next hour will belong to an opponent of the
bill, in case the House should vote down the
previous question. If the House should second
the previous question, the gentleman who
reported the bill will be entitled to the floor
for one hour.
Mr. PERCE. I would like to inquire how
we can reach a vote upon the motion to recom-
mit the bill?
The SPEAKER. If the House second the
previous question, that will be the first question
to be voted upon.
Mr. DICKEY. Is the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] pend-
mg?
The SPEAKER. It is not, if the gentleman
from Illiuois [Mr. Hawley] insists upon the
motion to recommit.
Mr. RANDALL. If the House vote down
the motion to recommit, cannot the amend-
ment then come in ?
The SPEAKER. It cannot, unless tlie
demand for the previous question be limited
to the motion to recommit.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope, then, that the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Stoughton] will
limit his demand for the previous question
only upon the motion to recommit.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I object to
that.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I will modify my
motion so as to demand the previous ques-
tion only upon the motion to recommit.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, being upon the mo-
tion to recommit the bill to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The question was put; and there were—ayes,
59, noes 69.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 68, nays 98, not
voting 75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arthur, Erasmus
W. Beck, James B. Beck, Austin Blair, James G.
Blair, Boarman, Boles, Bright, Buffinton, Carroll,
Coburn, Comingo, Dox, Dunneil, Famsworth, Far-
well, Garfield, Giddings, Hancock, Handley, Hanks,
Harper, John B. Hawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hern-
don, Hoar, Houghton, Kelley, King, Lamport,
Lewis, Lowe, Mclntyre, McKee, Merriain, Merrick,
Mitchell, Moore, Morphis, Peck, Perce, Perry,
Peters, Poland, Price, Read, John M. Rice, Ellis H.
Roberts, Sargent, Sawyer, Slater, Sloss, H. Board-
man Smith, Snapp, Starkweather, Taffe, Terrs-,
Washington Townsend.Twichell, Van Trump, Wad-
dell, Wall ace, Walls, Whitthorne, Willard, and Win-
chester—68.
NAYS —Messrs. Acker, Adams, Banks, Barber.
Barry, Beatty, Bell, Biggs, Bingham, Burchard,
Roderick R. Butler, Coburn, Conger, Conner, Cot-
ton. Cox, Crebs, Crocker, Crossland, Davis, Dickey,
Dodds, Donnan.Duell, Eames, Finkelnburg.Forker,
Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Foster,
Frye, Gets, Griffith, Hale, Harmer, George E. Harris,
Havens, Hay, John W. Hazelton, Hibbard, Hill,
Holman. Hooper. Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Kil-
linger, Lynch, Manson, Marshall, Maynard, Mc-
Clelland, McCrary, McGrew, McHenry, McJunkin,
McKinney, Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroe, Morey,
Morgan, Leonard Myers, Negley, Niblack, Orr,
Packard, Packer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C.
Parker, Pendleton, Porter, Randall, William R.
Roberts, Scofield, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shel-
labarger, Sherwood, Shoemaker, John A. Smith,
Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Stough-
ton, Swann, Turner, Tyner, Upson, Walden, Wal-
dron. Wells, Wheeler, Williams of Indiana, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, and Wood—98.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barnum,
Beveridge, Bigby, Bird, Braxton, Brooks, Buckley,
Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell,
Clarke, Cobb, Coghlan, Creely, Critcher, Darrall,
Dawes, De Large, DuBose, Duke, Eldredge, Elliott,
Ely, Esty, Garrett, Golladay, Goodrich, Haldeman,
Halsey, Hambleton, John T. Harris, Hays, Gerry
W, Hazelton, Hereford, Kendall. Kinsella, Lami-
son, Lansing, Leach, McCormick, McNeely, Palmer,
Piatt, Potter, Prindle, Rainey, Edward Y. Rice,
Ritchie, Robinson, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers,
Roosevelt, Rusk, Seeley, Shober, Slocum, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Snyder. Stowell, St. John, Suther-
land, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Wakeman, Warren, Whiteley,
Williams of New York, John T. Wilson, and
Young—75.
So the motion to recommit was not agreed
to.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. DAWES said : At the last session of
Congress the Committee of Ways and Means
were authorized to sit during the sessions of
the House. Does that right extend to this
session ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it does
not.
Mr. DAWES. Then I have no right to
vote on this question, for I was not within the
bar when the last name on the roll was called.
message from the president.
A message m writing, from the President
of the United States, was communicated to
the House by Mr. Babcock, his Private Secre-
tary.
