1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1129
back all I said if the gentleman did not
mean me.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The franking
privilege is no personal matter, and what per-
sonal quarrel does the gentleman desire to get
up with me on that question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
want any personal quarrel with you. Demor-
tuis nihil nisi bonum. [Laughter.]
Mr. SARGENT. It must be confessed that
this item has nothing to do with the abolition
of the franking privilege, and I think it has
nothing to do with any matters that are per-
sonal. This appropriation is used in small
sums where parties are arrested for mail dep-
redations at distant points where the Attorney
General cannot be consulted. The amount is
small. To strike it out would be to cripple
the Department, and as no personal point is
involved in it, and as it bears no relation to
the abolition of the franking privilege, I hope
the gentleman from Massachusetts will with-
draw his opposition.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
looked at former appropriation bills and I
do not find this item in them.
Mr SARGENT. My impression is that it
is the ordinary appropriation.
Mr. PALMER. It is the ordinary appro-
priation which was made on consultation
with the Postmaster General and the Attorney
General. There is no other fund to meet
this precise demand of the service.
Mr. SARGENT. I so understood.
Mr. PALMER. Last year $10,000 was
appropriated for this purpose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my motion to strike out.
The Clerk read as follows:
For increase of compensation for the transport-
ation of mails on railroad routes, upon the condition
and at the rates hereinafter mentioned, &500,0U0:
Provided, That the Postmaster General bo, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to readjust the
compensation for the transportation of mails on
railroad routes upon the conditions and at the rates
hereinafter mentioned, to-wit: that the proprietors
of railroad routes shall execute contractein due form
for the faithful performance of the service; that the
mails shall be conveyed with due frequency and
speed; that sufficient and suitable room, fixtures,
and furniture, in a car or apartment properly
lighted and warmed, shall be provided for route
agents to accompany and distribute the mails; and
that the pay per mile per annum shall not exceed
the following rates, namely: On routes carrying
their whole length an average weight of mails
per day of two hundred pounds, ®50; five hun-
dred pounds, S75; one thousand pounds, $100;
fifteen hundred pounds $125; two thousand
pounds, $150; thirty-five hundred pounds, $175;
five thousand pounds, $200; and twenty-five dol-
lars additional lor every additional two thousand
pounds; the average weight to bo ascertained in
every case by the actual weishing of the malls
for such a number of successive working days, not
less than thirty, and at such times, not less fre-
quently than once in each contract term, and the
result to be stated and verified in such form and
manner as the Postmaster General may direct:
Provided further, That additional pay may be
allowed at a rate not exceeding twenty-five dollars
per mile per annum for every line of railway post
office cars, of sufficient and suitable size, fixtures,
and furniture, properly lighted and warmed, pro-
vided for railway post office clerks to accompany
and distribute the mails, and run once a day each
■way upon such trains as may be satisfactory to the
Post Office Department: And provided further, that
so much of section two hundred and sixty-five of
the act approved June 8, 1872, entitled " An act to
revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes relating
to the Post Office Department," as provides that
"the Postmaster General may allow any railroad
company with whom he may contract for th© carry-
ing of the United States mail, and who turnish rail-
way post office cars for the transportation oi the
mail, .such additional compensation beyond that
now allowed by law as he may think fit, not exceed-
ing, however, fifty per cent, of the said rates, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. PALMER. I move to amend that
paragraph by inserting after the word " com-
pensation," iu the first proviso, the words
" hereafter to be paid."
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to ask the
gentleman one or two questions in connection
with that amendment. If I am not misin-
formed this service is now performed without
one dollar of expense to the Government.
And this is, it seems to me—I say it respect-
fully—only a sort of hocus-pocus arrangement
by which $500,000 is to be given to these rail-
road companies to run these postal cars which
they are now running for nothing. Is not that
correct ?
Mr. PALMER. This provision is for the
purpose of restricting what is now provided
by law. Under the postal code of the last
session of Congress the Postmaster General is
authorized to increase the compensation for
postal car service to an amount not exceeding
fifty per cent. Now, if that authority were
used to its full limit it would increase the ex-
pense over what it now is about one and a
half million dollars.
Mr. RANDALL. But he is not going to do
that. If you give him this appropriation, you
give him an incentive to expend the money.
Mr. PALMER. The Postmaster General
asks not to have the discretionary power that
the postal code now gives him. It is for the
purpose of being protected from applications
made to him to use this discretionary power
that he asks to have this scale of prices estab-
lished by law.
Mr. RANDALL. Let hiin stand firm where
he has stood in the past, and it will not cost the
Government a dollar.
Mr. PALMER. The question is whether
this service shall be performed.
Mr. SPEER. Is this paragraph in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The House, by a sus-
pension of the rales, made it in order.
Mr. DICKEY. My colleague [Mr. Ran-
dall] is entirely mistaken in this matter. We
have heard long arguments from the railroad
companies on this subject. During the last
session of Congress we provided that the Post-
master General might increase by fifty per
cent, the compensation for postal car service.
The Postmaster General is opposed to exercis-
ing that power, and proposes that the increase
of compensation shall be made by positive
enactment.
Now, Mr. Hinkley, who, as he said, repre-
sented one hundred millions of property, op-
poses this provision. I do not think I violate
any confidence of the committee in making
that statement. The Postmaster General says
that he does not think this quite does justice
to the great trunk lines, but it is the best thing
he can do.
Now, between Washington and Boston and
all over the great trunk lines of the country,
the New York Central, the Pennsylvania Cen-
tral, the New York and Erie, and other lines,
the mails are being carried in those postal
cars for less than those same roads charge
for carrying pig iron or coal. They made a
complaint about it, which was presented last
year to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and we then authorized an in-
crease of fifty per cent, to be made in the
compensation by the Postmaster General. But
he does not want to exercise that discretion-
ary power, and comes here and asks that his
discretion shall be limited by positive enact-
ment. That is Ihe proposition now under
consideration.
Mr. TWICHELL. I desire to offer an
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amend-
ment pending. Does the gentleman propose
to move an amendment to that?
Mr. TWICHELL. Not to that; to another
part of the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending amend-
ment, must be first disposed of.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 assert, without fear of
successful contradiction, that this proposition
is nothing more nor less than a gratuity of
$500,000 to these railroad companies. They
carry the mails under contract prices, and it
suits their convenience to have these postal
cars as a means of safety. Now, the discre-
tion has been hitherto given to the Postmaster
General to increase the prices paid these rail-
road companies for this postal car service.
The Postmaster General has declined, as I
understand, to exercise that discretion, or to
pay anything additional to these railroad com-
panies in view" of this increase of safety. And
I, for one, want to sustain him in his position.
I think Congress never ought originally to
have enacted any such discretionary power
that it did. Having in my judgment made a
mistake in giving that discretionary power to
the Postmaster General, I am myself not in
favor of giving any more discretionary power
to him, or doing anything to increase the ex-
penses of the Post Office Department, especially
when the increase is to go to these railroad
companies. Mark you, these railroad com-
panies transport these mails over their lines at
the times when they run their regular passenger
trains. It is little or no additional expense, I
take it, compared with the amountthey receive
in addition to their profits from their passenger
trains. For one, I do think we should set our
faces against this thing.
Mr. DICKEY. Will my colleague yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. DICKEY. Has the Post Office De-
partment any contract with any railroad com-
pany for carrying the mails?
Mr. RANDALL. The railroad companies
undoubtedly act under certain regulations,
under which they receive compensation ; and
I am not willing to increase that compensa-
tion. The arrangement is in the nature of a
contract undoubtedly.
Mr. DICKEY. E'or the last fifteen years
the railroad companies of this country have
refused to enter into a contract with the Post
Office Department.
Mr. RANDALL. I am informed by gen-
tlemen around me that every five years they
stipulate and arrange the price with the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. DICKEY. But have they not refused
to sign a contract? My colleague is on the
Post Office Committee, and he ought to know.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, the Government
agrees to pay them. Itisan implied contract.
It involves an expenditure by the Govern-
ment, and has every necessary feature of a
contract.
Mr. DICKEY. Does not this proposition
require on the part of the railroad companies
what has never been required of them during
the last fifteen years—the entering into a con-
tract with the Postmaster General ?
Mr. RANDALL. I ask my colleague to
say whether the arrangement which has ex-
isted between the Government and the railroad
companies is not as much a contract as though
it were formally written out and signed. The
gentleman is a lawyer and I am not. ^ I ask
him to answer this common sense question.
Mr. DICKEY. I auswer very decidedly,
" no."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
seems to forget that there is no power to com-
pel the railroad companies to carry the mails
at all, much less to furnish postal cars.
Mr. RANDALL. There is a public opinion
which the companies cannot defy.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman desire
any such legislation as will deprive the people
of the facilities now derived from the use of
the postal cars? These cars are built and
furnished by the railroad companies; all the
expenses attendant upon them are paid by
those companies. There is no law that obliges
tbem to put a postal car upon a single road in
the United States.
In consequence of the introduction of the
postal car system our facilities for mail distri-
bution have been greatly increased within the
last ten or fifteen years. These cars are, as it
were, post offices on the railroads. When the
cars get within twenty .or thirty miles of a great
city like Washington, New York, or Boston,
messengers go into the cars and distribute t.aa
