lt>0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
mkss.vgk from the senatk.
A message from the Senate was communi-
cated to the House, by Mr. Sympson, one of
its clerks, informing the House that the ,
Senate insisted upon its amendment, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 3124)
to provide for the removal of the sunken
wreck which now obstructs the channel-way
off Sandy Hook, had agreed to the conference
asked by the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Frelinghcyskn, Mr. Conkling, and Mr.
Thurman as the conferees on the part of the
Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that they
had examined and fouud truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 620) for the relief of
Thomas C. Martin, Emilia E. Martin, Jane
G. Martin, and Leonor Martin, children of
J. E. Martin, deceased;
An act (H. R. No. 845) to quiet the title to
certain lands in the State of Missouri;
An act (H. R. No. 1735) to provide for hold-
ing adjourned terms of the supreme court of
Arizona ;
An act (H. R. No. 2027) for the relief of
William Howard;
An act (H. R. No. 2291) for the relief of
Edmund Jussen ;
An act (H. R. No. 2332) to fix the salary of ,,
the members of the Board of Health of the h
District of Columbia: and ji
An act (H. R. No. 3125) to remove the dis-
abilities of LuciusQ. C. Lamar, of Mississippi.
soldiers' and sailors' homesteads.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 1665) to enable honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors, their widows and
orphan children, to acquire homesteads on the
public lands of the United States. ||
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
engrossment and third reading of the bill. ,
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the bill ;l
by striking out all after the enacting clause and
inserting the substitute which 1 send to the
Clerk's desk.
The Clerk reads as follows:
That every private soldier, musician, and officer
who served in the Army of the United States, during
the late war. for ninety days, and was honorably dis-
charged, including the troops mustered into the
service of the United States by virtue of the third
suction of an act entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for completing the defenses of Washington and
tor other purposes," approved February 13. 1862,
and every seaman, marine, and officer, and other
l>erson who served in the IS'avy of the United States
or in the Marine corps, during the late war, for
ninety days, and who was honorably discharged;
and the widow of any such soldier, musician, sea-
man, or officer; or if there be no such widow, his
orphan children under twenty-one years of age,
shall be entitled to enter a quanity of public lands
(not mineral; not exceeding one hundred and sixty
[•cres, or one quarter section, which shall bo com-
posed of contiguous tracts, according to legal subdi- j
visions, including the alternate reserved sections of 1
public lands along the liue of any railroad or other ;
public work, or other lands subject to entry under >
the homestead laws ofthe United States, and receive ,
a certificate of tuch entry, without the payment of j
any Government fees. !
Sec. 2. That such entry shall be made in the name
ot the person entitled as above to make the same by
application in person, or by agent, undersuch regu-
lations as the Secretory of the Interior shall pre- 1
sTibe; and the patent for the land so entered shall !
bf^i-^sued only to such soldier, musician, seaman, or
officer, or to his widow or orphan children, provided
for in the first section of this act, who made tho I'
entry ; but no sale of such land, or of any interest
therein, or power of attorney authorizing such sale, I
or other contract or agreement in anywise affecting
or concerning any such land, made, executed, or !
entered into prior to the issuiogof the patent there- !
lor and the actual delivery of the same to the person
to whom issued, shall be of any effect whatever, but ■
every Fuch sale, power of attorney, contract, or
agreement shall be null and void.
Skc. 3. That the Secretary of the Interior shall
prescribe ruies and regulations to carry the several
provisions of this act mto effect.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I now call the pre.
vioua question on tho bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. STOUGHTON. The friends of the
bill are entitled to an hour to close the debate
on it. Is that hour to be taken previous to
the vote on the pending amendment ?
The SPEAKER. It can be taken before
or after that vote.
Mr. STOUGHTON. Some gentlemen have
intimated to me a desire to speak upon this
bill.
The SPEAKER. It is customary to close
the debate previous to voting on the amend-
ments, because the discussion will of course
relate more or less to the ameudment.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. This bill has
been pending for three or four hours, certainly
for three hours; and of that time those who
have charge of the bill have controlled the
debate for two hours. It seems to me that it
would be but fair now to divide the remaining
hour with those who are opposed to the bill.
I suppose the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Stocghton] will give to those opposed to this
whole project at least half an hour.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I think this subject
has been pretty well canvassed. I have been
requested by ray friends to submit the question
without further remark.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I did desire to
say a few words upon a matter that has not
been brought into this discussion. I would
not occupy more than three minutes; but I
have no great anxiety about it. ,
Mr. STOUGHTON. 1 will yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I received this
morning a communication from a gentleman
in my own State of the very largest intelligence
and familiarity with this subject of bounties, a
representative man I think in relation to the
interests ofthe soldiers of my State, and who
has more to do with their affairs in this matter
of bounties than any other man in the State.
He directs my attention to this subject in such
a way that I really do not feel at liberty to let
this bill pass without calling the attention of
the House to a class of persons who have not
been provided for by any bounty law of the
United States. I thank the House and the gen-
tleman for permission to make this statement.
Our bounty laws are so complex that 1 can-
not now undertake to state their condition,
but I think I can perhaps state accurately the
hiatus or defect that there is in the law as to
one class of our soldiers who are in all con-
science and equity entitled, I think, to be
immediately provided for. I refer to those
men who enlisted under a promise of bounty
prior to the proclamation of the President
dated May 3, 1861, and who were discharged
on account of disability before the expiration
of their term of service. Under a decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
on account of other considerations, the fact of
their enlistment prior to the proclamation of
j the President deprives those men of bounty.
; Mr. STOUGHTON. Will the gentleman
yield to me a moment?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Permit me to
j finish my statement. There are perhaps in my
owu State as many as ten thousand men who
enlisted in the manrier stated, under apromise
of $100 bounty, a private promise, it is true,
but proclaimed by way of hand-bills and in
other forms. Those men having so enlisted
served for the time that they were able to
serve, and were then honorably discharged on
account of disability contracted in the service—
disability, however, not arising from wounds.
The law now provides for persons who were
discharged by reason of wounds or injuries
incurred in the service. But these men were
} discharged because of disability, sickness, &c.
, Many of them were broken down men who lost
| their health in the Army, and some of them
1 lost their lives by reason of the damage which
their constitutions suffered in the service. Yet,
i although those men served for the full time
that they could serve, they have never had one
dollar of bounty.
Now, I submit to the Committee on Military
Affairs, I submit to the House, that there
should be immediate provision made for these
I men. It will not take perhaps more than
about $12,000,000 (that is the best estimate I
have been able to get) to redeem the promise
made to these men ; and I do beg the com-
mittee having charge of this matter to consider
whether it is not right that we should now
make provision for them.
I am not antagonizing this bill; because, in
the first place, it is in the interest ofthe soldier ;
and secondly, because it provides a method by
which the lands of the United States can be
taken up by actual settlement either by the
soldier or his assignee. I am in favor of the
bill. No bill, 1 submit, which does those
two things—which, in the first place, secures
to the soldier something, although it may not
be enough, and secondly, secures occupation
of our western lands by actual setters—can be
unwise. That is the reason I support this
bill; but I hope this measure will not be con-
sidered as satisfying the claims of those who
are entitled to this additional bounty.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I desire to say a
single word in explanation of the reference
made by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shel-
labarger] to the soldiers who enlisted belore
the President's proclamation of May 3, 1861.
The facts are these: on the 3d of May, 1861,
precisely as the gentleman has stated, the
President issued a proclamation calling for
forty regiments of troops, and saying that
they would be allowed the pay and bounty
provided for in the orders issued by the War
Department. In the orders of the War De-
: partment, issued in pursuance of that proc-
lamation, a bounty of $100 was promised.
On the 22d of July, 1861, Congress passed an
act providing in effect that no bounty should
be paid to any soldier who had not served at,
least two years. Under this act it was held
that bounties could only be paid to those who
had served for that period. A case was car-
ried to the Supreme Court of the United
States ; it was decided that those who enlisted
between May 3, and July 22, 1861, were en-
titled to the $100 bounty.
That subject came before the Military Com-
! mittee at the last session of Congress, and a
j bill was reported giving bounty to every man
J who enlisted under the proclamation of May
3, 1861, up to July 22,1861, when the repealing
act took effect. The time was subsequently
extended to August 6, 1861. The bill making
such provision was passed by both Houses, and
is now a law. Those who enlisted between the
3d day of May and the 22d day of July, 1861,
were legally entitled to this bounty ; those who
enlisted before and after those dates are doubt-
less entitled equitably to the same considera-
tion.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That bill does
not provide for those who enlisted prior to the
proclamation of the President. The mere
date of their enlistment has been made to oper-
ate against them, although their service was
exactly equivalent and their claims in all
respects as strong as those of the men pro-
vided for by the act of last Congress. These
men are cut out simply because their enlist-
ment was prior to the proclamation of the
President. Every other circumstance was as
much in their favor as in favor of those who
have received bounty ; the only difference was
that they enlisted prior to the proclamation of
the President, and upon private promises of
bounty.
Mr. STOUGHTON. The answer to that is,
of course, that the Military Committee were
anxious to do just what the law required them
to do.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. They were a
little more patriotic, and enlisted under the
promise of the recruiting officers.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I call the gentlemau'!
