1130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
mails, so that within the time that it would
require to carry the mails from the depot to
the poat officej letters are distributed to the
doors of the people. Now my friend from
Pennsylvania objects to giving the Postmaster
General sufficient means to extend and perfect
these facilities for the benefit of the people.
It is the people, not the railways, that get the
advantage of this system. These postal cars
entail every day an additional charge upon the
companies. The companies axe willing to dis-
pense with them. ■ They cannot be forced to
continue them. It. is only because the Post-
master General has money put in his hands to
compensate them in part for this service that
he is enabled to continue it. Under the law
these companies are now carrying the mails.
They are building postal cars to meet the
demands of the public, to furni'sh all the facili-
ties possible for distribution of the mails.
But deprive the Postmaster General of the
means of compensating the companies and
these postal cars will be discontinued.
However much gentlemen in this House
may despise and denounce railroads, they are
a necessity. The law does not compel the rail-
road, for instance, from here to New York, or
to Boston, or to Pittsburg, or to Chicago, to
carry the mails. The companies can decline
to take them at any "hour. We are not en-
tirely independent of the railroads, lam sorry
to say. Let us therefore give the Postmaster
General, so long as he administers his office
properly, rendering his account to Congress
of the manner in which he expends this money,
every dollar that the condition of the Treasury
will permit to carry out this improvement. I
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. SPEER. I move to amend by striking
out the pending paragraph.
Mr. Chairman, I wish to call the attention
of the House to this statement of fact. Last
week Congress repealed the franking privilege.
And that repeal was largely induced, I have
no doubt, by the statement of the Postmaster
General that he would be enabled, if the
franking privilege was repealed, to reduce the
expense of carrying the mails one quarter.
That statement was made, I believe, in his
annual report one year ago, and restated, if
not in direct terms at least in substance, in
his last report. Hence what have we here
to-day_ witn the franking privilege abolished
and with this contemplated reduction in the
amount of mail matter to be carried through
the mails? We have an appropriation of
$500,000 additional for the mail service. It
is said now the Postmaster General has already
the discretion to increase the mail service fifty
per cent.; but that is only a discretion. This
is an absolute appropriation of half a million
dollars, and if it is made the Postmaster
General will not take it as discretionary but
as obligatory upon him to expend half a million
dollars for the mail service next year.
We have here on the Postmaster General's
own showing an absolute reduction in the ex-
penses of carrying the mail of one quarter, and
yet we have his friends on this floor asking for
an additional appropriation of half a million
dollars. And this, Mr. Chairman, is the first
iruits of the abolition of the franking privilege.
It seems to me either the Postmaster General
was wrong in the statements he made in his
annual reports, or the gentlemen who represent
him pn the floor to-day are wrong in asking
this increase of half a million dollars for the
mail service for next year. I hope the com-
mittee will strike^ out the entire section and
leave the law as it stands now, with the dis-
cretion in the Postmaster General to increase
the amount of compensation paid where he
deems it necessary and withhold it where he
deems it necessary to withhold it. Unless
my amendment is adopted half a million dol-
lars is absolutely appropriated for the next
year, and will be expended whether the Post-
master General in his judgment deems it
necessary to expend it or not.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. While I sym-
pathize with the purpose which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has in view, nevertheless
I think be is mistaken as to the effect which
it will have. Under the existing laws, if the
Postmaster General were to carry out the
limit of increase of fifty per cent., from the in-
formation before the Committee on Appropri-
ations, it would increase the expenses for the
transportation of the mails some $3,000,000.
But the Postmaster General has foreborne to
exercise up to this moment the discretion
allowed him under the act to which my friend
from Pennsylvania has referred.
This provision of the bill which he proposes
to strike out does propose an increased appro-
priation of half a million dollars ; but if the
gentleman will read it closely and inquire into
the subject he will see it imposes limita-
tions and restrictions upon the railroads of
the country which have never been imposed
before. Now, we have no contracts with the
railroads for carrying the mails, but they are
paid so much for that service and they run on
their own time and at their own rate of speed.
Mr. SPEER. Does the provision in the
bill propose to regulate the schedule of the
railroads?
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. This gives to
the Postmaster General the power and requires
him to make contracts with the railroads for
carrying the mails, by which he is to regulate
the time and the speed at which the mails are
to be carried.
Mr. SPBBR. I think the gentleman from
Indiana is mistaken.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. The railroad
companies by their representatives, or some
of them, have been before the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads to urge that
this appropriation be stricken out of this Post
Office appropriation bill.
Mr. RANDALL. They wish to get more
and the gentleman proposes to give them
more, but I do not wish to give them anything.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. It takes away
from thera the control of their railroads, which
they do not desire to have done.
Mr. SPEER. Do they wish this provision
stricken out and the law remain as it is?
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I wish to say
this. Personally I do not favor this provision
in the bill. I think it is not the best for the
Government or for the railroads, but the
Committee on Appropriations, after having
heard the Postmaster General on the ques-
tion, resolved to put this clause in the bill.
Not having time to revise their action, by in-
formation furnished yesterday they recom-
mend it in hope some better provision will be
inserted either in the Senate or in the com-
mittee of conference. The clause as it stands
now, we agree, is not satisfactory. This dis-
cretion in the Postmaster General is liable to
abuse. We want to take that away to' some
extent, but in lieu of that we have to substitute
something better.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Palmer.]
Mr. RANDALL. That, as I understand it,
proposes to perfect the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will tead
the pending amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
In line eighty-six, after the word "compensa-
tion, insert these words hereafter to be paid."
Mr. RANDALL. If the paragraph is to
be adopted at all, this ought to be inserted.
Mr. BIGGS. I move to amend by striking
out the last word.
It is very seldom, sir, as this committee is
aware, that I attempt to seek the floor. But
on this occasion it appears to me that there
are gentlemen undertaking to discuss this
question who have not carefully considered it.
And I desire to say a very few words on the
question before the committee. What, sir, are
the facts in the case 1 A postal car costs, on
eight wheels, $4,500, while an ordinary bag-
gage car costs less than one fourth that amount.
And yet this bill proposes to pay railroad com-
panies for carrying the mails less money than
they received for carrying third-class freight in
an ordinary freight ear.
Any gentleman who is conversant with rail-
roads, and who will look into the matter, will
find that the railroad companies are carrying
the mails to-day for less than twenty five cents
per mile per car—using eight-wheeled and
fifty feet cars, carrying three, four, and five
mail clerks in a car free of cost—that they
do this service, and incur extra expenses to
which they would not be subjected if they
were carrying third-class freight. Sir, the
price paid to day for carrying the mails is less,
as the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Dickey] says, than for carrying pig iron.
Now, is this just ? Is it right ?
Now, I wish to say, Mr. Chairman, that if
this bill becomes law the railroad companies in
this country I predict will, on the 1st of April
next, take off their postal cars; they will
put on first-class baggage cars, and will run
the mails through at the same speed at which
they are now running, and they will take
their old-fashioned mail-pouches and will put
them offatthe differenttownsand cities, as they
did before the postal cars were introduced.
My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
says that this bill is giving the railroads
$500,000 more. Why, sir, they are carrying
the mails now, and are not receiving the first
cent of profit from them. The carrying of
the mails is bringing them into debt every day
they carry them. I ask, does the country
want these corporations to carry the mails
without being willing to pay them a fair com-
pensation for their work ? J ustlook at this bill,
and when analyzed it is not more than tweniy-
five cents per mile now for postal cars when
it ought to be at least forty cents per mile.
Mr. RANDALL. Fifty, for the benefit of
the stockholders of the roads.
Mr. BIGGS. Not at all. When stock-
holders invest their money in a railroad,
of course they do it with a view to deriving
benefit from their investment; but they ask
nothing more than what is just and right, and
what would be a fair per cent, on their invest-
ment.
Mr. SPEER. If the gentleman will allow
me, I would ask him where is the proof that
the stockholders of railroads are losing their
money by carrying the mails ?
Mr. BIGGS. The proof is in this very bill,
which proposes, as I before said, less than
twenty-five cents a mile for carrying the mails.
It ought to be raised to forty cents, in order
to have justice done to the railroads. And I
will vote with the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Speer] to strike out the paragraph.
And then, on the 1st of April next, if we see all
the postal cars taken off and your old-fash-
ioned mail-pouches carried on the railroads
in baggage cars, the country will understand
that the blame will not attach to railroads,
but to Congress for refusing to pay the rail-
road corporations for this service what is
just, right, and proper.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DICKEY. I desire to state in this con-
nection that a leading representative of the
railroads of the United States, a gentleman
stating that he represented over $100,000,000
of railroad property, came before the Com-
mittee on Appropriations and protested against
this legislation. Mr. Hinkley is the gentle-
man s name. The Postmaster General stated
to the committee that under the law increasing
the compensation fifty per cent, the cost of
such increase would be $3,000,000, and that
he did not want any such discretion.
Mr. SPEER. 1 wish to ask my colleague
one question, whether, if this be adopted, the
expenses of carrying the mails next year will
not actually be increased $500,000 ?
