1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
attention to the fact that Congress has done
something in that direction.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Of course.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I now call for a vote.
The question recurred on Mr. Holman's
substitute.
The House divided j and there were—ayes
65, uoes 58.
Mr. HOLM AN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 61, not vot-
ing 73 ; as follows :
YEAS— Messrs. Aoker, Adams, Ames, Archer,
Arthur, Barber, Barry, Erasmus W. Beck, Boll,
HisRs, James G. Blair. Boarraan, Boles. Braxton,
Bright, Buffinton. Burdett, Carroll. Coghlan. Co-
lmngo, Conner, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Criteber, Cross-
land, Davis, Diekev, Dodds, Du Bose, Duell,l)uke,
E imes, Eldredge, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg. Forker,
Charles Foster. Henry D. Foster, Gelx, Giddings,
Griffith, Handley, Harmer, Harper, Havens, H.iy,
ilibbard, Hill, Uoluian, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham,
Killineer. Lamison, Lansing, Manson, Marshall,
McClelland, McGrew. MeHenry, Mclntyre, Mc-
•lunkin, MeKmney, Beujauiin F. Mayers, Moore,
Morgan. Morphis, Leonard Myers, Niblack, Packer,
llosea W.Parker, Isaac C. Parker,Pendleton. Perry,
Porter, Potter, Price, Randall, Read, John M. Rice,
William R. Roberts, Robinson, Scofield, Shanks,
Suerwood, Shoemaker, Slater, H. Boardman Smith,
M>eer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Siorm, Swaim, Terry, Tuthill, Tyner, Van Trump,
Walden, Warren, Wells, Whitthorne, Jeremiah 51.
Wilson, 'Winchester, and Wood—107.
NAYS — Messrs. Ambler, Bingham, Austin Blair,
Burchard, Roderick R. Butler, Coburn, Conger,
Crocker. Dawes, Donnan, Bunnell, Esty .Farwell,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, George E. Harris,
John B. Hawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Gerry W.
llaielton, John W. Hazelton, Hoar, Hooper, Hough-
ton, Kelley, King, Lewis, Lowe, Maynard, McCrary,
Merriam, Monroe, Morey, Negley, Orr, Packard,
Peck, Perce, Poland, Ellis H. Roberts, Sargent,
Sawyer, Sessions, Sheldon, John A. Smith, Snapp,
Stoughton. Taffe, Washington Xownsend, Turner,
Twicbell, Vpson, Waddell, Wakeman, Waldron,
Walls, Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, Williams of
Indianat and Young—61.
XOT \0T1NG—Messrs. Averill. Banks, Barnum,
Be,utv, James B. Beck, Beveridge, Bigby, Bird,
Brooks, Buckley, Benjamin F. Sutler, Caldwell,
Campbell. Clarke, Cobb, Creely, Darrall, De Large,
Uox, Elliott. Ely, Garrett, Golladay, Goodrich. Hal-
deman. Hnle. llalsey, Hambleton, Hancock, Hanks,
John T. Harris, Hays, Hereford, Herndon, Ken-
dall. Kinsclla. Lamport, Leach, Lynch, McCormick,
McKee, McNeely, Merrick, Mitchell, Palmer,
Peters, Piatt, Prindle. Rainey, Edward Y. Rice,
Ritchie, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Roosevelt,
Rusk, Seeley. Shellabarger, Shober, Slocum, Sloss,
Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, Stowell, St. John,
Sutherland, Sypher, Thomas, Dwiglit Townsend,
Yaughan, Voorhees, Wallace, Williams of New
York, and John T. Wilson—73.
So the substitute was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. McKEE said: There are about forty
or fifty members of the House who will be
entitled to receive land under this bill. Are
they authorized to vote ?
The SPEAKEH pro tempore, (Mr. Wheeler
in the chair.) That is left to the discretion of
each member to decide for himself.
Mr. NIBLACK said that his colleague, Mr.
Voorhees, who was unavoidably detained
from the House, would, if present, have voted
in the affirmative.
Mr. PERCE. In order that the question
raised by my colleague may be settled at this
time, I desire to rise to a point of order. The
rules provide that every member who shall be
in the House when the question is put shall
give his vote unless the House shall excuse
liim, and all motions to excuse a member from
voting shall be made before the House divides.
I raise the point of order, and do it for the
purpose of having it settled by the decision of
the Chair, that my colleague, [Mr. McKee,]
although present in the House, has not voted on
this question. i
The SPEAKER pro tempore. What action
does the gentleman suggest?
Mr. PERCE. That his name be called and
he be required to vote.
The SPEAKER pro tempore.. A quorum
having voted on this vote, the Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. PERCE. Does the Chair overrule my
point of order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
knows of no precedent for the gentleman's
point of order.
Mr. PERCE. I ask that the thirty-first rule
of the House be read, under which I make the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows :
"31. Every membor who shall be in the House
when tho question is put shall give his vote, unless
the House shall excuse him. All motions to excuse
a member from voting shall be made before the
House divides, or before the oall of the yeas and
nays is commenced; and the question shall then be
taken without debate."
Mr. PERCE. My colleague is present in
the House, has not been excused from voting,
and under the rule just read is required to
vote.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
considers that in the nature of a dilatory
motion.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the substitute was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question recurred on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, demanded the
i yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 118, nays 54, not
voting 69 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Acker, Adams. Ames, Banks, Bar-
ber, Barry, Beatty, Bell, Biggs, Bingham, James G.
Blair, Buffinton. Burdett. Roderick R. Butlei\ Car-
roll, Conger, Conner, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Davis,
Dawes, Dickey, Dodds, Donnan, Duel!, Eames,
Eldredge, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg,Forker, Charles
Foster, Henry 1). Foster. Frye, Getz, Griffith, Han-
cock, Harmer, Harper, George E. Harris, Havens,
Hay, John W. Haselton, Hibbard, Hill, Holraan,
Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Killinger, Lamison, Lan-
sing, Lvnch, Manson, Marshall, Maynard, McClel-
land, McCrary, McGrew. MeHenry. McJunkin, Mc-
Kinney, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Monroe,
Moore, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Negley, Niblack,
Orr. Packard, Packer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaae C.
Parker, Pendleton, Perry, Peters, Porter, Price,
Randall, John M. Rice, William R. Roberts, Robin-
son, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Rusk. Sawyer,
Scofield, Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Shoemaker, Sloss, H. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm,
Stoughton, Swann, Sypher, Turner, Tuthill, Tyner,
Upson, Van Trump, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron,
Warren, Wells, Wnitthorne, Williams of Indiana,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Wood—118.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arthur, Erasmus
W. Beck, James B. Beck, Austin Blair, Boarman,
Boles, Braxton. Burchard, Coburn, Coiningo, Crock-
er, Crossland, Du Bose, Duke, Dunnell, Wilder D.
I Foster, Garfield. Giddings, Handley, John B. Haw-
I ley, Joseph R. Hawley, Gerry W. Hazelton, Hern-
don, Hoar, Houghton, Kelley, King, Lewis, Lowe,
: Mclntyre, Merriam, Merrick, Morey, Morphis,
Peck, Perce, Piatt, Read, Ellis H. Roberts, Sargent,
Starkweather, Taffe, Terry, Washington Townsend,
; Twichell, Waddell. Walls, Wheeler, Whiteley, Wil-
lard. Winchester, and Young—54.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Averill, Barnum, Bever-
; idge, Bigby, Bird, Bright, Brooks, Buckley, Benja-
min F. Butler. Caldwell, Campbell, Clarke, Cobb,
Coghlan, Creely, Critcher, Darrall, De Large, Dox,
Elliott, Ely, E^ty. Farwell, Garrett, Golladay, Good-
rich, Ilaldcman, Hale, Halsey, Hambleton, Hanks,
John T. Harris, Hays, Hereford, Hooper, Kendall,
Kinsella, Lamport, Leach, McCormick, McKee,
MeNeely, Palmer, Poland, Potter, Prindle, Rainey,
Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie, Roosevelt, Seeley, Shel-
don, Shober, Slater, Slocum, Worthington C. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Stowell, St. John, Sutherland,
Thomas, Dwignt Townsend, Vaughan, Voorhees,
■ Wallace, Williams of New York, and John X. Wil-
son—6y.
So the bill was passed.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the pension appropriation bill.
Mr. STORM. Pending that motion I move j
that the House adjourn. j
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not think !
it will take twenty minutes to pass the pension !
bill. I hope the motion for an adjournment
will be voted down.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
pension appropriation bill.
The motion of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, waa
agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hoar in the
chair,) and proceeded to consider the bill (H.
R. No. 2990) making appropriations (or the
payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States for the year ending June 30,
1874.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio,
the first reading of the bill was dispensed with.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by
sections for amendment, and read as follows :
For Navy pensions to invalids, widows, and do-
pendent relatives, and pensions to the sailors of the
war of 1812, and for furnishing artificial limbs or
apparatus for resection, with transportation or com-
mutation therefor, compensation to pension agents,
expenses of agencies, and fees for preparing vouch-
ers and administering oaths, as provided by the acts
of April 23,1800, February 20,1847, August 11,1848,
July 14 and 17, 1862, June 30. 1864, June 6 and July
25,1866, March 2,1867, July 27,1868. June 17 and July
8 and 11, 1870, and February 20,1872, and all other
pensions provided by law, $480,000 : Provided, That
the appropriation aforesaid for Navy pensions and
the other expenditures under that head shall be paid
from the income of the Navy pension fund, so far as
the same may be sufficient for that purpose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If I can get
the attention of the House for five or six
minutes I desire to make a few statements in
connection with this bill. The total expendi-
ture of the Government for pensions of all
sorts, Army and Navy, for the year 1871, was
$26,461,906; for 1872 it was $30,169,340;
for 1873 the appropriations were $30,480,000,
and the amount appropriated by the bill now
before the House is exactly the same sum as
we appropriated last year.
It is interesting to inquire what the tendency
of our pension appropriations is likely to be
from year to year, irom the figures I have
just stated it will be seen that there has been
a steady increase for several years. It is
thought by the Commissioner of Pensions that
we have now reached the top, so far as the
amount of expenditure is concerned ; but he
does not think that that top is a peak from
which we will at once descend, but rather a
plain upon which we will go for perhaps
several years with a substantial regularity of
amount about the same as we are now paying
per annum.
The number of persons on the pension-rolls,
as shown in the report for the last fiscal year,
was 232,228. Of these, 3,179 only were naval
pensioners. The remaining 229,049 were Army
pensioners, and those were made up in the fol-
lowing way, according to such classification as
I could pick out from the report: five hun-
dred and eighteen of them are the widows ot
revolutionary soldiers, who are still drawing
pensions, on our pension-rolls ; and curious as
it may seem that so large a number should
survive, only ten per cent, of them, indeed
less than ten per cent, of them, have died dur-
ing the past year. Only fifty-six were re-
moved from the pension-rolls by death. Of
those who were widows of revolutionary sol-
diers during the past year, 1,157 names are on
the rolls who were there on account of wars
occurring after the Revolution, but before the
war of 1812. Twenty thousand one hundred
and twenty-six are on the rolls in consequence
of the war of 1812. Two hundred and seven
thousand one hundred and eighty-eight are on
the rolls as the result of our late war for the
Union.
It is curious to observe that the pensions for
widows and orphans amount to a considerably
larger sum, with a greater number of pensions,
than those for invalid soldieia. This is also
true iu regard to the naval pensions as well.
During the past year the number of names
added to the peusion-rolls was 33,838, and of
