mm
THE COMBISSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
ernment, and given the control of District
affairs into, the hands of your agents. If they,
have acted improperly, remove them ; but do
not forget your sacred duty to build up this
city until it shall comport with the dignity and
the future of this great country.
I yield the remainder of my time to thegen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. I wish to say but a single
word. A preceding Congress rejected three
times this scheme for estaolishing a bureau for
reengraving and reprinting the notes of the
national banks. The proposition now comes
in here at the last hour of this Congress upon
the report of a committee of conference. This
is one of many objectionable things embraced
in the report. There is no time now to point
out the objections to this measure, and I hope
the House will vote d6wn the report.
Mr. SAEGENT. This proposition did not
come here from the conference committee; it
waa inserted in the Senate. Gentlemen who
have year after year persisted in voting down
any provision to replace the wornout and mu-
tilated notes of the national banks ought to see
the torn, filthy, disease-iufected rags which
circulate as money in the West—a currency
which is a disgrace to the nation. I think the
tax for this purpose should justly be paid by
the banks ; but 1 ask the House to concur in
this report.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the yeas and
nays upon agreeing to the report.
Mr. HOIjMAN. I move to teconsider the
vote by which the House ordered the main
question upon agreeing to the report.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I wish
to know whether a separate vote can be had on
any of these amendments.
The SPEAKER. The report must be
adopted or rejected as a whole.
Tne question being taken on the motion
of Mr. Holman to reconsider the vote order-
ing the main question, there were—ayes 44,
noes 85.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 67, nays 129, not voting
44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker. Adams, Ambler, Arthur,
Banks, Barber, lioatty, James B. Beck, Bell, Bigby,
Bird, Austin Blair, James (i. Blair, Burchard,
Caldwell, (JIarke, Coburn, Cox, Crobs, Critcher,
Croasland, I>avis, Dux, Eaincs, Ely, Farnatvorth,
Oiddincs, Goodrich, Hundley, Hay. Hibbard, Hol-
nian. Kerr, Lewis, Maelntyro, Manson, McClel-
land. McUrew, Mellenry, Merriujn, Benjamin F.
Aleyors, Monroe, William E. Niblack, Packer,
Hosoft W. Parker, Pendleton, Porter, Potter, Road,
■William K. Koborts, llobinson, ltoosevelt, Shanks,
SUeilabagcr, Shoosaaker, Storm, St. John, Terry,
Dwigbt Xownsend, Washington Townsond, Upson,
Van Trump, Vaughan, Walden, Waldron. Yvhit-
tkorne, and Willara—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barnum, Erasmus W.
Beck, liiggs, Bingham, Boarman, Boles. Buffinton,
Bunnell, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick It.
Butler, Campbell, Carroll, Cobb, Cojhlan, Comingo,
Conger, Conner, Cotton, Crocker, l)arrall, Dawea,
Xlickey, Donnan, DuBose, Duoll. Duke, Dunncll,
Eldredge, Elliott, Esty, Farwell, Finkelnburg,
"Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Garrett, Getz,
Golladay, Griffith, Hale, Halsey, Haneoek. Harmer,
Harper, j"ohn T. Harris, John B. Hawley, Joseph ft.
Hawley, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John VvT. itazcl-
ton, Herndon, Hill, Hooper, Houghton, Kelloy,
Kelloeg, Ketcham, King, Lamison, Lamport, Lan-
sing, Leach, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, McCormick,
McOrary, McJunkin, Merrick, Moore, Morpliis,
Leonard Myers, Neuley, Orr, Packard, Palmer,
Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Perry, Piatt, Poland, Price,
Prindle, Rainey, liandall, Ritchie, Ellis 11. Rob-
erts, John Rogers, Sion 11. Rogors, Rusk, Sargent,
Sawyer, Scofieid, Seeley, Sessions, Sheldon, Sher-
wood, Shober, Slater, Slocum, SIoss, H. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Wortbington C. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Speer, Starkweather, Stoughton.
Sutherland, Swann, Syphor, Thomas, Turner, Tut-
hill, Twichell, Tyner, Voorhees, Wakenran, Wal-
lace, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley. Williams of Indi-
ana, Jeremiah M. wilson, John T. Wilson, and
Young—129.
NOT VOTING-—Mes-srs. Ames, Averill, Barry,
Braxton, Bright, Brooks, Buckley, Creely, Dodds,
I'orkcr, Charles Poster, Henry D. Foster, Halde-
man.llambleton. Hanks, George E.Harris, Havons,
Hereford, Hoar, Kendall, Killmger, Kinsella,
Marshall, McKee, McKmney, McJJeely, Mitchell,
Morey, Morgan, Silas L. Niblack, Perce, Poters,
Edward Y. Rioe, John M. Bioe, Sprasue. Stevens,
Stevenson, Stowell, Taffe, Waddell, Warren, Wil-
liams of New York, Winchester, and Wood—H.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs, Will
the House agree to the conference report ?
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Pending that
question I move to lay the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has never
recognized that motion on a conference report.
The question is always put directly, "Will
the House agree or disagree ? " *
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I wish to say,
then, that the bill we have been resisting is not
the bill as it passed the Senate, but the bill
that was reported by the Senate committee.
The bill as it passed the Senate contains
many millions more than the bill as reported
to the Senate. That bill is not before the
House. I sent to the Senate for it a few mo-
ments ago, aud now have it in my hand. One
appropriation alone gives a million dollars to
the Board of Works m addition to all we have
been heretofore resisting.
Mr. SARGENT. I object to debate.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. The House ought
to see that bill and to understand it before it is
called to vote upon it. I object especially to
Democratic Representatives voting for such
measures without knowledge of what they are
doing.
Mr. SARGENT. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The question is, "Will
the House agree to the conference report?"
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House do now adjourn; and on that motion
I call for the veas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion. On the last day of the
session there is no time to which the House
can adjourn ; and the motion is therefore not
in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I move that
the House take a recess until seven o'clock
this evening. Is that motion in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. On that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
The question being put on ordering the yeas
and nays, there were—ayes eighteen, not a
sufficient number.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the tel-
lers on ordering the yeas and nays.
On ordering tellers there were—ayes six-
teen.
So (one fifth of a quorum not having voted
in the affirmative) tellers were not ordered,
the yeas and nays wore refused, and the mo-
tion that the House take a recess was not
agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs,
"Will the House agree to the conference
report? "
Mr. AMBLER. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If the House does not agree
to this report can it ask a further conference
on this bill ?
The SPEAKER. Of course.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the vote is taken I
ask that the rule prohibiting gentlemen from
voting on a question in which they are inter-
ested shall be reported to the House.
The SPEAKER. The rule will be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
"No member shall vote on any question in the
cvcnt.of which he is immediately and particularly
interested, or in any case where ho was not within
the bar of the House when tho question was put."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask for the read-
ing of the bill as reported by the conference
committee.
Mr. SARGENT. We have not reported
any bill; we have made a conference report.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask for the reading
of the conference report.
Mr. SARGENT. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has not the House
the right to know what it is voting on ?
The SPEAKER. The report of the confer-
ence committee was read and an hour's debate
followed.
Mr.' FARNSWORTH. We cannot possibly
tell what we are voting on unless the bill is
read in connection with the amendments.
The bill was printed in the Senate 
Mr. SARGENT. I object to debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make
an inquiry of the Chair, and it is whether
gentlemen who own property in the District of
Columbia are so interested that they cannot
vote on this question?
Mr. SARGENT. They can vote against if
they want to.
The SPEAKER. When the roll-call is
through and any gentleman makes a point
against the vote of any other gentleman, the
Chair will rule upon this question, but the
Chair will say to the gentleman from Illinois
that he never rules on hypothetical cases. The
Clerk will call the roll.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affimative—yeas 114, nays 83, not
voting43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aroher, Averill, Banks, Barnum,
Erasmus VC. Beok, Biggs, Bingham, Boarman,
Buokley, Buflinton, Bunnell, Burdett, Benjamin
F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cobb, Coghlan,
Connor, Cotton, Critcher, Crocker, Dawes, Dickey,
DuBose, Duoll, Duke, Dunnell, Eldredge, Elliott,
Esty, Farwoll, Frye, Garrett, Golladay, Griffith,
Halo, Halsoy, Hancock, Harmer, John B. Hawley,
Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton,
bllijsi jjcu.uu, jjuyyu, jjy xtj.«ij'iiaau  juvu wuaiii,
Merriam, Merrick, Moore, Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Orr, Packard, Palmer, I3eck, Perry .Peters,
Piatt, Poland, Price, Prindie, Rainey, Ritchie,
Ellis 11. Koborts, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers,
Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, Bhellabarger, Sherwood, Slocum, Sloss,
11. Boaraman Smith, John A. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Starkweather, Stevens,
Stoughton, Stowoll, Sutherland. Swann, Taffe,
Turner, Tuthill, Twiehell, Voorhees, Wakeman,
Wallace, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of
Indiana, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—114.
NAYS-—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Barber,
Beatty, James B. Beck, Bell, Bigby, Bird, Austin
Blair, James (5. Blair, Boles, Braxton, Burchard,
Caldwell, Campbell, Clarke, Coburn, Cox, Crebs,
Crossland, Box, Eames, IS to, Farnaworth, Finkein-
burg, Henry B.Foster, Giddings, Goodrich, Hand-
loy, Hanks, John T. Harris, Havens, Joseph R.
Hawley. Hay, Hereford, Hibbard, Hoar, Holman,
Kerr, Killingor, Kinsella, Lewis, Maclntyre, Man-
eon, Marshall, McClelland, McGrew, McHenry,
Beniamin F. Meyors, Monroe, William E. Niblack,
Packer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Pendle-
ton, Potter, Randall, llead, William R. Roberts,
Robinson, Roosevelt, Scofieid, Shober, Shoemaker,
Slater, Speer, Sprague, Storm, St. John, Terry,
Dwight lownsend, Washington Townsend, Tyner,
Upson, Van Trump, Vaughan, Walden, Waldron,
Whitthome. Willard, and John T. Wilson—83.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, .Barry, Bright,
Brooks, Carroll, Comingo, Conger, Creely, Darrall,
Davis, Dodds, Dounan, Porker, Charles Poster,
Wilder D. Foster, Garfield, Getz, Haldeman, Ham-
bleton, Harper, George E. Harris, McCormick, Mc-
Crary, McKee, McKinney, McNeely, Mitchell,
Morey, Morgan, Silas L. Niblack, Perce, Porter,
Edward Y. Ricc, John M. Rice, Stevenson, Sypher,
Thomas, Waddell, Warren, Williams of New York,
Winchester, Wood, and Young—43.
So the report of the committee of confer-
ence was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was adopted; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message 1tk0m tee senate!
A message from the Senate by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had agreed to the conference asked on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 3922) making appropriations for the re-
pair, preservation, and completion of certain
public works on rivers and harbors, and for
other purposes, and had - appointed Messrs.
Chandler, Buckingham, and Vickers man-
agers of the said conference on the part of the
Senate.
The message also announced that the Sen-
