H32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
entitled "An act to reduce duties on imports,
and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," approved June 6, 1872, as to allow
producers of tobacco to sell a limited quantity
of tobacco produced by them at retail directly
to customers, and for other purposes, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
- The joint resolution (H. R. No. 23) to enable
the Secretary of War to pay the expenses
incurred in suppressing the Indian hostilities
in the Territory of Montana in the year 1867
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
. The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a petition from certain officers of the
twenty-first infantry, in reference to their posi-
tion and that of Lieutenant Stephen P. Joce-
lyn, touching a matter of rank in the Army;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Mr. President,
last month I had occasion and the honor to
introduce a bill providing for setting apart, as
a national park, all of the land held by the
Government within the island of Mackinac,
and dedicating it to the public as a place for
pleasurable resort, excepting all that the Gen-
eral of the Army deems necessary for the uses
of the military post at that point. I also
addressed a note to the Secretary of War
inviting his approval of the measure if deemed
compatible with the public service. Very con-
siderately and prudently the Secretary ad-
dressed a communication to the military officer
in charge of the lakes, asking for objections,' if
any, to such dedication. This has caused
some delay, but has given more time for Sen-
ators to reflect upon the fitness of the project.
I am glad to know that the measure has
received the approval of the Military Commit-
tee, to which the bill was referred. This morn-
ing I have received from the Governor of
Michigan a copy of a concurrent resolution
passed by the Legislature of that State, now in
session, which I am bapy to see expresses the
full approval of the object and request of that
legislative body, representing the State within
which boundaries Mackinac lies, for the pass-
age ot the pending bill. I ask that the concur-
rent resolution be read and laid on the table,
the committee having reported on the subject.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Concurrent resolution relative to securing the
passage of an act setting apart a portion of the
£ ?h& strait of Mackinac,
within the btate of Michigan, as a national park.
Whereas Hon, Thomas W. Jtasy, United States
ocnatoi from Michigan, has recently introduced to
the united otates Senate a bill to set apart a portion
oi the island of Mackinac, in theStateof Michigan
o« a national park; whereas said bill, if enacted,
will cause to be sot .mart for a national park so
much of the island as is now held by the United
btates, under military reservation or otherwise, ex-
cepting fort Mackinac and so much of the present
reservation as bounds it to the south of tlie village,
anu west, north, and east respectively, by lines
drawn north and south, east and west, at a dis-
£ utj hundred, yards from the present fort
Hagstan; and whereas the territory which this bill
proposes to set off is withdrawn from settlement,
ana by the enactment of said bill will be improved
ffeinpl",!! Pal ' u5d/' direction of the Sec-
retary oi War, thereby adding greatly to the at-
mef«s?rtfT£foret!leiSiandaS a Dati°nal SUm"
rine )°Thnt «0USef of representatives concur-
- SSlatore and Representatives of
Michigan now in Congress at Washington be and
are hereby, requested to use their best Indeavo'r?
blf™entU?o^A®hiHUtnng th® pr<?ent session of the
park." he Stat6 °f ii8hi «.«   hatioSl
liemlyed. That the Governor be, and he is herebv
requested to cause a copy of the foregoing preafnhft
and resolution to be forwarded to elch of the Sen-
ators and Representatives of Michigan now in Con-
gress at Washington. uon
The resolution was ordered to be printed
and lie on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented a petition of
late soldiers in the Army of the United States,
citizens of Vermont, praying for the passage
of the bounty land bill known as the Holman
amendment; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Dakota Territory, asking
Congress to make a codification of the laws
of that Territory; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of E.
B. L. Taylor, president, and James B. Sim-
mons, secretary, of the board of trustees of
Leland University, of New Orleans, Louisiana,
praying for the payment to that university of
the amount pledged to the same by the Com-
missioner of the Bureau of Freedmen, Refu-
gees, and Abandoned Lands; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Education and
Labor.
He also presented the petition of Jay S.
Backus and A. B. Capwell, committee of
trustees of the Augusta Institute, praying for
the payment of an amount of money pledged
to that institute by the Commissioner of the
Bureau of Freedmen, Refugees, and Aban-
doned Lands ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor.
He also presented the petition of Alexander
McLeod, of South Carolina, praying to be paid
for cotton iliegaliy seized; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
Elizabeth R. B. Hoffman and Ellen M. Poult-
ney, heirs of Richard Carson, jr., of Balti-
more, deceased, praying to be indemnified for
spoliations committed by the French prior to
the year 1801; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented a resolution of the Board
of Trade of the city of Baltimore, Maryland,
against the repeal of the bankrupt law ; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of Daniel
Miller & Co. and nineteen other firms and busi-
ness men of the city of Baltimore, Maryland,
against the repeal of the bankrupt law; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. AMES presented a petition of citizens
of Marshall county, Mississippi, praying that
the place of holding the United States courts
for the northern district of that State be
changed from Oxford, where they are now
held, to Holly Springs in Marshall county;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. HOWE presented the memorial of H.
y- Sholes, publisher of the Kenosha County
(Wisconsin) Republican, remonstrating* against
the passage of a bill before Congress regulat-
ing the postage on printed matter; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a letter from the
Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office
Department, addressed to the chairman of
the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Koads, recommending the passage of an act
whereby the account of the United States
ireasurer with the Post Office Department
may be relieved of certain unavailable bal-
ances ; which was referred to the Committee
on l'mance.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented a petition of
officials and citizens of Texas, praying the
establishment of four Federal judicial districts
in that State j which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WIN DOM presented resolutions of the
Grand Army of the Republic, department of
Minnesota, favoring the passage of House bill
°; 511i nxmg the time for the filing of appli-
cations for pensions j which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CALDWELL presented a memorial of
( n i Ure-,<!i' Kansas, praying that the
fr. -^cf, ry reservation be donated
to said State for the purposes of an industrial
normal school; which was referred to the
Committee on Education and Labor, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of
Professor Tuttie, president of Wabash Col-
lege, Indiana, and the other professors of the
faculty, praying that the Japanese indemnity
fund may be devoted to the purpose of educat-
ing the people of Japan ; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
REPORTS Oi' COMMITTEES.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2518) granting a pension to
George W. Swartz, reported it without amend-
ment; and submitted a report, which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2552) grant-
ing a pension to James McAlfee, reported it
without amendment; and submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2485) grant-
ing a pension to Washington Frisbee, reported
adversely thereon; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. K. No. 2545) grant-
ing an increase of pension to Hannah Cross,
a dependent mother, reported adversely there-
on; and the bill was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2547) grant-
ing a pension to Nancy Mason, reported ad-
versely thereon; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same cammittee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2550)togrant
a pension to Sarah Maynard, reported ad-
versely^ thereon; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2551) grant-
ing arrearages of pension to Walter Bradley,
reported adversely thereon; and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
Mr. BOREMAN, from the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 8012)
to relieve the disabilities of W. R. Boggs, of
Missouri, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, towhom
was referred the petition of James D. Haly-
burton and Thomas G. Williams, reported a
bill (S. No. 1539) to remove the political
disabilities of James D. Halyburton, of Vir-
ginia, and Thomas G. Williams, of San An-
tonio, in the State of Texas ; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on
i to whom was recommitted the
bill (H. K. No. 178) in relation to estimates
ot appropriations and appropriation accounts,
reported it with amendments.
^ Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was recommitted the bill (H. R.
No. 2628) to amend an act entitled "An act
to provide a temporary government for the
iojQlt0ry of Wyoming," approved July 25,
** reP0I"ked it without amendment.
_ Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, toi whom was referred the bill (H. R.
: granting a pension to John Greeii-
wait, reported it without amendment: and
submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2523) grant-
inga pension to Henry Riemann, reported it
with an amendment,
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2522) grant-
mg a pension to Judith Dunham, reported it
without amendment; and submitted a report
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, From the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2520) grant-
