170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
will save the necessity of employing at least
half a dozen men who are'now employed in
carrying up wood, and we all know that there
are three or four Senators to whom going up
stairs is a very difficult operation, and perhaps
even dangerous.
Mr. SUMNER. Where is it proposed to
have it ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In the north-
west wing of the Capitol, in the corridors,
where the only work that will be necessary to
be done will be to cut through three floors.
The expense will be for the machinery, $0,000.
Mr. SUMNER. Will it be cut through the
floors ofthecommittee-rooms or the corridors?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It will not
interfere with the floor of any committee room
whatever. It will be erected in the northwest
corner, in front, and glass doorways made, so
as not to obstruct the light from the windows,
and it will not interfere with the finish or
decoration of the Capitol even in any respect
Mr. POMEROY. How can it be in the
northwest wing and not interfere with the
committee-rooms ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is a
corridor, if the Senator remembers, that cuts
off one tier of committee-rooms that runs in
from the corridor north and south. It is a
little way from the corner.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it to be at the door of
the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir; it
will come down there at the' door of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations?
Mr. EDMUNDS. You do not mean the
exact corner?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No; in the
corridor adjoining that committee-room.
There being no objection, the bill was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BOSTON POST OFFICK. li
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to !
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1242) to
authorize the purchase of an addition to the
site of the post office building at Boston, have
instructed me to report back the bill.
It will be remembered that when the fire
occurred at Chicago we immediately author-
ized the purchase on the part of the Govern-
ment of additional ground, so that the post
office could stand on an independent square
by itself, and not be exposed to danger from
other buildings in case of fire. I will say
that this is exactly a similar case. In the
rear of the post office that has already been
built in Boston, at an expense of millions of j
dollars, there runs only a narrow alley, but
the buildings have been swept off entirely,
and it is proposed on the part of the ci y
authorities to widen Congress street, and now
there is an opportunity for the United States
to purchase additional ground on that side
of the post office building, so that in case of
another large fire it would not be exposed. It
i.s deetned important on the part of the Sec-
ictary of the Treasury, and on the part of the
supervising architect of the Treasury, who
has been on the ground and examined it, that
we avail ourselves of this opportunity before I
any buildings are erected to purchase this !
ground, as we shall have now nothing to pay ,j
tor except the naked ground, and it is possible
tliat in time it may be wanted for enlarging
the building. Very likely, if the city should
grow as it has done for the last twenty years,
there will be a necessity for enlarging the
building, but there is no such necessity now.
It is, however, deemed a fit opportunity to
secure the ground.
Mr. COLE. I would inquire about how
much it is likely to cost? Uas there been any
estimate of the value of this ground or offer
of the property for sale?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The first
ground I think was twenty-seven thousand
feet, and cost, with the buildings thereon, a
little over $500,000. There is in this tract
twenty-three thousand feet, I believe, and it
is supposed it may cost somewhere in the
neighborhood of $500,000; but whatever it
may be it is not likely to exceed that, and per-
haps will not amount to so much. It will
have to be condemned and appraised, and it is
important that we act upon the measure, if
we act upon it all, at once. I leave it to the
Senate to decide as they please.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to obtain by purchase, or to
obtain by condemnation in the courts of the
State of Massachusetts, all that lot or parcel
of land lying easterly of the present site of the
new post office in Boston, and bounded by
that site, Water street, Congress street, and
Milk street, upon the lines of those streets as
they are now or may hereafter be established
by due process of law ; and such sum of
money as may be necessary for the purchase
ofthe land, not exceeding , is appropriated.
The Committee on Public Builditigs and
Grounds reported an amendment, to fill the
blank with " $-500,000."
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand that the bill
comes from the Committee on Finance?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. From the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. DAVIS. Is it recommended by the
committee?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. It seems to me this would be
an enormous price for that amount of prop-
erty. A hasty calculation makes it amount to
something over twenty dollars a square foot.
I ask if there is provision in the laws of Mas-
sachusetts for condemning property of this
kind in order that the property may be obtained
at a reasonable price ? The value set on prop-
erty anywhere in this city, I think, is a great
deal less than that, and probably not in any
other city would property be sold at so enorm-
ous a figure as $500,000 for twenty-three
hundred square feet.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The authority
to condemn it will have to be given by the
Legislature of Massachusetts, and it will not
be possible for the United States, of course, to
obtain it at a less amount than a jury shall
appraise the damage. This is in the center
of the city of Boston. I have no doubt that
land there will be expeusive. Whether it
will amount to so much as we have paid for
the other with the buildings, I should consider
extremely doubtful. I should think it would
unquestionably be less; but I would not feel
that it was safe to authorize the purchase of
so large a quantity at a less sum than this.
Mr. POMEROY. I should be much more
in favor of this if we had owned the land in
the beginning and put the building in the center
of it. Now we have put the building on one
side close up to the street, and then we are to
have some vacant ground on the other side. If
we had owned it in the beginning, and placed
the building in the center, so that we could have
vacant ground all around it, it would be a
measure I should think would be right.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. So far as I
am concerned, I think I never will consent
that any public building belonging to the Uni-
ted States shall hereafter be placed anywhere
except in an independent square by itself, where
it shall not be exposed to fire. This is the
best we can do now with this building. There
is a street which I believe the city authorities
propose to widen and enlarge on one side of
this building, and there is an opportunity to
obtain the entire square on the other side. I
hope the Senate will be in favor of it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I want
to suggest to my friend from Vermont the pro-
priety of inserting in this bill a.sect ion author-
izing the condemnation in the Federal courts
of the land needed. I am entirely in favor of
the object of thi-s bill. I concur with the Sen-
ator from Vermont that all our public build-
ings ought to be guarded as far as possible
from the danger of fire, and that this is an
appropriate way to do it in this case; but I do
not like the United States sneaking into a
State Legislature and asking permission of the
State to take land for a natioual use. I want
to see in this bill, if we are not to have a gen-
eral bill on that subject, a section authorizing
the United States to proceed in the Federal
courts to condemn this land, and I suggest to
the chairman of the committee the propriety
of embodying such a section in this bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That would
open an entirely larger question than 1 think
the Seuate would be prepared to consider this
morning; it would be a new policy. I do not
know but that it would be a better policy than
that which we have hitherto pursued ; but if
so, it ought to be by general bill reported by
the Judiciary Committee. I trust, therefore,
that the Senator from Wisconsin will not press
the measure upon this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I think the
suggestion of the Senator from Wisconsin has
great practical value. Believing as I do in
the great elements of nationality, and desiring
that all those powers which contribute to
nationality should be exercised by the nation,
I sympathize with him entirely. But I agree
with my friend from Vermont that this is
hardly the moment for us to adopt that. I
think it should be in a general bill, which would
be a subject of discussion in both Houses
naturally, according to its importance. I think
to incorporate such a principle in this bill
would be adding the greater to the less.
Now, as to the <*alue of the land, that is
within my personal knowledge. I suppose the
land it is proposed to take is as valuable as
any land of the same amount in the country—
in New York, Philadelphia, Chicago, or in
any of our large cities. In short, it is the most
valuable land in Boston. It is in the very
center, the very core of the business of Boston.
Therefore, I do not believe that the provision
is too large.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think it is
very important that ourpublic buildings should
be in lots by themselves, isolated, so long as we
continue to build them of granite, which is,
perhaps, the most perishable material that is
used when the buildings are contiguous to
those that are on fire ; but that is the material
which the Government constantly uses. I
think if the buildings were built of brick they
would be much more secure and much more
permanent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Undoubtedly
all our common buildings ought to be built of
brick.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let me say a
word as to the suggestion of the Senator from
Wisconsin. There has often been found a
practical difficulty about condemning lands
which the Government needs for public pur-
poses, and I believe the uniform usage of the
Government has been to acquire by purchase
or condemnation of the States the lands it
needed for such purposes, for navy yards, ar-
senals, and all such public uses. Ihe pro-
priety of it is suggested from the fact that by
condemning you do not get that jurisdiction
over the property which is desirable, so that
unless the Senator would provide for not only
getting his power of condemnation, but some
way by which he would get that jurisdiction
which is desirable, he would not accomplish
khe purpose.
Mr. CARPENTER. My friend will allow
me to interrupt him. There is of course no
pretense that Congress can condemn the
sovereignty of the State or its jurisdiction
over the territory. All we can acquire by that
