1134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
consider the bill which was under considera-
tion at the expiration of the morning hour
yesterday. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri asks unanimous consent that
the consideration of unobjected bills be laid
aside to take up the bill (S. No. 420) to confer
jurisdiction on the Court of Claims to hear
and determine the suit of Carondelet  s. The
United States.
Mr. PRATT. I mill inquire of my friend
from Missouri whether that bill is upon the
Calendar?
• Mr. BLAIR. It was upon the Calendar and
passed over in my absence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is on the
Calendar, in the order of business No. 92, but
was passed over in the absence of the Senator
from Missouri.
Mr. PRATT. I will make no objection.
Mr. FERRYj of Connecticut. I object to it.
Mr. BLAIR. I move, then, to postpone the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri has a right to move to postpone
the Calendar. The Senator moves to post-
pone the consideration of the unobjected bills
on the Calendar for the purpose of proceeding
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 420.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall vote upon this
motion upon a very exceptional ground, a
ground personal to the Senator from Missouri.
We all know that the state of his health has
prevented his being here during much of this
session, and it concerns his personal conven-
ience, I think, more than it can the conven-
ience of the Senate at largo to get a considera-
tion of his bill at a time convenient to him.
Without saying anything or knowing much of
its merits, I shall vote to take it up, and I
hope it will be the pleasure of the Senate to
do so, merely in deference to the personal
convenience of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. HOWE. I was about to ask of the
Senator from Missouri if he had reason to
expect that the bill would lead to debate.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not know how much time
will be taken np in debate. I think the bill
ought to pass the Senate without any extended
debate. I do not think the bill ought to be
debated for any great length of time, and I do
not know that it will be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Missouri, to
postpone the consideration of the unobjected
cases on the Calendar for the purpose of con-
sidering Senate bill No. 420.
The motion was agreed to.
HENRY M. SCOTT.
Mr. PRATT. Before proceeding with the
bill of the Senator from Missouri, I ask leave
to introduce a bill to amend an act entitled
"An act granting a pension to Captain Henry
M. Scott."
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will be considered as read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PRATT. No, Mr. President, I was
going to ask the favor of the Senate to put the
bill on its passage now. It simply corrects an
error in a pension bill which was passed on
the 23d of April last. The regiment to which
Captain Scott belonged is misdescribed in
that act.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish my friend would
let me appeal to him. As I have volunteered
once to interpose about this, I venture to sug-
gest that there is not much of the morning
hour remaining, and having taken up this bill
of the Senator from Missouri, if petitions are
to be presented and other bills considered, he
gains nothing by his motion. I do not mean
to interpose an objection, but I suggest to the
Senator that it would be well to allow the bill
which has been taken up to be considered
now; otherwise, it may be an endeavor lost.
Mr. PRATT. This bill simply substitutes
the word " seventy" for "seventeen" in the
act to which it is an amendment. ^ It is to cor-
rect a misdescription in the enrolling or print-
ing of the act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri is entitled to the floor, and if he de-
clines to yield nothing else can be taken up.
Does he decline to yield? Several Senators
have risen with morning business.
Mr. BLAIR. I have not much time to
yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri desires not to yield. The Senator
from Indiana might possibly present his bill
in the morning to-morrow, and have it dis-
posed of.
My. PRATT. Very well; I will withdraw
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill called
up on the motion of the Senator from Missouri
is before the Senate. ,
CARONDELET LAND CLAIM.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
420) to confer jurisdiction on the Court of
Claims to hear and determine the suit of
Carondelet vs. The United States.
Mr. BLAIR. Yesterday the report of the
Committee on Private Land Claims on this
subject was read. That report simply makes
a statement of the facts relative to the con-
firmation'of the commons of Carondelet and
the manner in which the Government of the
United States entered into possession. _ The
inhabitants of Carondelet have always claimed
that they were coerced into giving a deed to
this tract of land to the United States. This
bill is introduced for the purpose of giving
jurisdiction to a suit instituted by the city of
Carondelet against the United States, in the
Court of Claims asking that the deed should
be set aside by reason of the alleged fact that
the city of Carondelet was coerced into sign-
ing the deed. I do not think any Senator
should hesitate to submit this case to a judi-
cial tribunal. I think the people of Caron-
delet, who were a primitive people, not much
acquainted with our laws and customs, were
prevailed upon by the War Department to
surrender this land without any consideration,
and they are entitled to have a hearing before
the Supreme Court in reference to their claim.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very glad this bill
is taken up in order to oblige the Senator from
Missouri, who wished to have it disposed of;
but I should be very sorry indeed to see the
bill pass for several reasons. In the first place,
we are conferring upon the Court of Claims a
jurisdiction which the statutes creating that
court do not confer, which the method of it3
organization in my opinion is conclusive evi-
dence ought not to be conferred. We only
have allowed that court a jurisdiction to try
claims upon the Treasury of the United States
under contracts made by our Executive Depart-
ments to pay to the citizen here and there
something for property received for the public
service. That is the substance of the juris-
diction, and all other manner of claims against
the United States, land claims, intrusion
claims, military claims, everything except
that simple common matter of accounts, so to
speak, between the United States and people
who deal with it, we have reserved to Con-
gress itself, as I think we ought to do.
Therefore, Mr. President, my first objection
to this bill is the fact that it undertakes to
create jurisdiction to try a disputed land title
in a way in which a disputed land title never
ought to be tried. The courts of the United
States are open to suitors as against even offi-
cers of the United States for any wrongs of
that kind, and the courts that are organized in
the respective localities have complete juris-
diction both at common law and in equity,
where you can have a trial by jury upon dis-
puted matters of fact, and where, according
to the regular forms of law, the rights of all
parties can be protected ; and if there be no
right of action' at all in this or any other case
on account of the peculiarity ot the circum-
stances, then it ought to be left to the judg-
ment of Congress, upon the report of a com-
mittee showing all the circumstances on which
the claim rests, to grant the relief asked for,
and to have a definite measure of what the
consequences of that relief will be, so that it
in this particular case we are called upon to
make good to the inhabitants of this city the
value of twelve hundred acres of land, whicli
they say we have wrongfully dispossessed them
of, we shall know when we pass the bill to pro-
vide for them what it costs, and that the peo-
ple of the United States will know exactly
what we are doing. It appears to me that this
ought to be a conclusive objection against this
bill, independent of the question as to what
are the equitable merits ot' the claim itself.
But if you go a step further, upon the report
of this committee (and that is all, of course,
that I know about the case) we find this state
of facts to exist: it is alleged by the authori-
ties of Carondelet, now a portion of the city
of St. Louis, that the authorities of that vil-
lage were obliged to convey to the United
States without consideration the twelve hun-
dred acres that are in dispute. I do not wish
to take up my friend's time by reading from
the report, because I am not talking against
time, but only bringing this matter to the
attention of the Senate. These twelve hun-
dred acres are probably worth—well, my two
friends from St. Louis can tell me—I suppose
a million dollars at least, perhaps two mil-
lions, because this town of Carondelet is now,
as I say, a portion of the city of St. Louis.
It was a suburb. The city has spread over
it. It is now incorporated into the city and
the land of course is extremely valuable ; and
if we are to make good the value of this land
or to give it to these people, whichever form
it may take—I do not know, indeed, whether
we have it now; I do not know that the re-
port shows, but it goes to the substance of
values—then we ought to understand how much
of the public property or how much of the
public treasure it is that we are disposing of to
meet this obligation, if it be one, or that we are
giving away if it is a grant to the people of the
city of St. Louis.
Now, what were the circumstances? It ap-
pears from this report that the town of Caron-
delet was an ancient French village, and that
according to the course of practice in those
early days, in the early part of this century,
after we had acquired the territory from Frauce,
the public gave to these villagers a certain
amount of land for commons; that is to say,
according to the ancientFrench customs, the
village had a right to common all the lands
adjoining that the Government authorities
chose to allow them to set apart for that pur-
pose, without going into the details about it.
These villagers then had from the Government
the right of common over these lands. By
and by it appears, and before the village was
incorporated and became a legal thing in and
of itself, the Government wished for part of
this land back again for a military reservation,
or barracks, or whatever it may be. in order
to protect those very villagers, as I suppose,
against the Indians. Thereupon the villagers,
although not incorporated, made a deed, or
grant, a retrocession to the United States of
an amount of land out of these commons that
the United States needed for their military
purposes, and the United States entered and
occupied it. Afterward, the villagers were
incorporated. Now they turn around upon
the technical circumstauce that they made this
deed when they were not incorporated, and
maintain that therefore the deed did not convey
any title; they take advantage of their own
wrong in giving this to the United States or
j giving up their right of common upon it to the
United States for the purpose ot enabling the
United States to protect them by its milmuy
