THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
RECEIVERS OF NATIONAL BAN^S.
Mr. WILSON, of Indian^. I ask uoaniwona
consent to report back from the Committee on
tie Judiciary a substitute for the bill (H. R.
No. 37J.1) Refining the duties of receivers of.
national banks, After the bill is res A I will
ask the reading of a letter from the Comp-
troller of the Currency, which, I think, will
satisfactorily explain the necessity for this
measure- , .
The bill having beep read, objection was
made to its consideratiop.
CREDIT MOBILIBR.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I wish now to
call up the bill reported from the select com-
mittee on Saturday evening.
The SPEAKER. The House is now acting
under a suspension of the rules for the purpose
of taking up in order the bills upon the Speak-
er's table, and the Chair will recognize the
gentleman when that business is finished. He
lias only allqwed the order of the House to
be interrupted by privileged reports from com-
mittees of conference.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. PALMER. I submit the following
report from a committee of conferencc :
The Clerk read as follows :
The committeo of oonferonoe on the disagreeing
votes Of the two Houses on a bill (H. R. No. 8493}
entitled "An act making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post O&ioo Department for tho year end-
ing June 80.1874," respectfully report: that having
mot. alter full and freo oonferenoe thereon havo
ngroed to reeommond, and do reoomraoud, that the
llouso recede from thoir disagreement to tho
amendments ofthe Senate numbered 1, 2, 4,6,7, and
10, apd afjrroo to tho eame.
That tho Souatorooedo from its amendments num-
bered 3 and 9.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
thp amendment of tho Senato numbered 5, with
an amendment, as follows :
Line four, page 6, strike out all after the words
" to wit" down to tho word "that," in line six i and
agree to tho same.
B. W. PALMER.
A. A, SARGENT,
JOHN F. FAKNSWOHTH,
Manager* on the part of the Zfouae.
0. COLE.
J.K.KELLY,
ALEX. RAMSEY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. PALMER. If the House will order
the previous question on the adoption of the
report, I will answer any question they may
ask in rei'erence to'the differences of the two
Houses.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report was adopted.
Mr. PALMEll moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted; and also
moved that (he motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The House, underan order
of the House, is now taking up and considering
the bills upon the Speaker's table, and the
Chair will not allow it to be interrupted by any
other business than a conference report. If
there ever is a time when the House ought to
be in order, it is now. 8orae gentleman will
to-morrow complain of hasty legislation while
he was engaged in making such a noise that
those around him could not hear the bill.
st. louis bridge.
The SPEAKER. The first business on the
Speaker's table is a bill (H. R. No. 4033)
authorizing the construction of a bridge across
the Mississippi river at St. Louis, in the State
of Missouri, with Senate amendments.
Mr. HQLMAN, The only amendment of
importance to that bill is one increasing the
span from four hundred to five hundred feet.
I move the amendments be concurred in.
The amendments of the Senate were read.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, the import-
ant feature of these amendments is this: the
House required four spans of four hundred
feet each, and the Senate have amended that
by striking out four spans of four hundred
feet each, and inserting in lieu thereof two
spans pf five hundred feet each, . The mem-
bers of the Committee on Commerce of this
House think'ike Senate amendments ought to
be concurred in, I hope that will bo <Jpne,
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred ij}.
: Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Senate were
concurred in ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS COMMISSION.
The next business op the Speaker's table
was a bill (H. R. No. 8583) making appropri-
ations for the payment of claims reported
allowed by the commissioners of claims under
the act of Congress of March 8, 1871, with
Senate amendments,
Tho amendments were read.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Most of these
amendments to the House bill on the part of
the Senate have been made at the request of
the claims commission itself. The amend-
ments of the Senate striking put the case of
William Bailey, of Louisiana,, for $45^161 72,
and striking out the claim of Bugenio Bloti-
nelli for $11,860, have been made because the
question has arisen in regard to the loyalty of
both these partita, which, upon consultation
with the commissioners, it has been thought
well enough to refer back to the commission-
ers to enable them to examine further on the
subject.' We are satisfied these are the best
results which can be obtained, and 1 there-
fore move the House concur in the amend-
ments ofthe Senate.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. BLAIR. of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendments were
concurred in ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OE BUSINESS-
The SPEAKER. The House now pro-
ceeds to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table ; and the Chair asks gentlemen
to provide themselves with the printed order
of business. The business is now to be taken
up precisely in the order in which it stands
upon the Calendar.
cruelty to animals.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (II. R. No. 694) to prevent cruelty
to animals while in transit by railroad or other
means of transportation within the United
States; with amendments by tho Senate.
Tho Senate amendments were read, as fol-
lows :
On page 2, lino eight, after the word "shall,"
insert the words " knowinptly and wilfully."
At the end of the bill insert the following seotion:
Sec. —. That this aot shall not go into elect until
tho 1st day of October. 1873.
The amendments were concurred in.
_ Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendments of the
Senate were concurred in ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WARREN RAYMOND.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (H- R. No. 1207) granting an in-
crease of pension to Warren Raymond, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812, with amendments by
the Senate.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows :
Strike out all after ."twelve" down to and includ-
ing ' him," in line seven. At tho end ofthe bill in-
sert, from the passage of this aot."
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider
the yote by which the amendments were con-
curred in; and also moved that the. motion to
reconsider be, laid on the table,
the latter motion was agreed to.
HOSA WOLLAMHR.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No, 8453) granting a pen-
sion to Rosa Wollamer, with an amendment by
the Senate.
The Senate amendment was read as follows:
At the end ofthe bill insert "her pension to begin
from the passage ofthis act."
The amendment was concurred ip,
Mr.STEYENSON moved to reeoncurred thet
vote by which the amendment was concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider belaid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IVORY P. SNOW.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 3516) granting a pen-
sion to Ivory F, Snow, with an amendment by
the Senate.
The Senate amendment was read as follows;
At the end of the bill insert "the pension to begin
from tho pusaa&o of this aot."
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr, STEVENSON moved to reconsider the
vote by whioh the amendment was concurred
in j and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FREDERICK WALTER.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 2539) for the relief of
Frederick Walter, company A fourth United
States artillery, with an amendment by the
Senate.
The Senate amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out all after " month," in line six of the
bill, down to and including " sixty-three," in line
seven, aud insert" from the passage of" this aot.''
The amendment was.concurred in.
JAPANESE INDEMNITY F0ND.
The next business ou the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 2797) providing for
the payment* to the Government of Japan,
from the indemnity fund, the sum due on
account of rents for lands and buildings occu-
pied by the diplomatic and consular repre-
sentatives of the United States to Japan, and
for other purposes, with amendments by the
Senate.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
On page 1 strike out all after "United States." in
lino throe, down to and including "sixty-four." in
line five, and insert "out .of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated," On page 1,
lines eight and nine, strike out " by the diplomatic
or consular representatives of," and insert "for hos-
pital purposes by."
On page 1, line nine, strike out all after 4* Japan"
down to and including line ten.
Strike out section two, and insert in lieu thereof
the loll owing:
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of State, through the
Minister resident at Japan, be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to rent, furnish, and equip suitable build-
ings, with grounds appurtenant, in Yeddo, or such
other place as he may designate, for a court-house
and janl, at an annual cost not exceeding $5,GOG:
Provided, That tho period for which the said build-
ings shall be rented shall be for two years, with re-
newals for two years as the Secretary of State shall
determine.
On page 2, line two, strike out the words "to be
paid out of the Japanese indemnity fund," and in-
sert out of any raoney in tile Treasury not other-
wise appropriated."
^r- BANKS. These amendments the House
would probably concur in readily with the
exception of one or two, which ought to be
modified. I therefore move that the amend-
ments be non-concurred in, and a conference
asked on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
The motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH GREEK.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 2968) granting a pen-
