1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1185
force there. By and by, after they get incor-
porated and the lands come to be valuable,
they turn round and say, "There is a defect
in your title for the reason that these villagers
were not incorporated and could not there-
fore act as a corporation when they released
this right which the Government had pre-
viously given to them." If that is not spin-
ning very fine in order to get these lands away
from the United States, or in order to compel
us to pay for them, then I do not understand
what fair justice is between these people and
the United States.
It is upon that defect of title, as I read this
report, that the right of these people is asserted,
and this claim has lain, beginning in 1812
running down along with these various trans-
actions until 1830 or so, and it has now run on
to 1873. This village has become to be a part
of the great commercial emporium of the West;
these lands have come to be very valuable;
and now this defect in this ancient title is dis-
covered after this long possession and it is
said we have committed a wrong upon the
corporation, which was the city of Carondelet
when this bill was introduced, now the city of
St. Louis, for which the Treasury of the
United States is to pay. It does not appear
to me to be right. Perhaps other gentlemen
will think otherwise.
Mr. BLAIR. The value of this land is very
considerable, as is claimed by the Senator from
Vermont. Its value, however, is entirely due
to the energy, industry, and capital of the
people of St. Louis; it was all created by
them. The land does not lie within the limits
of St. Louis, as the Senator stated, but out-
side, and is not, therefore, as valuable as he
supposes. But I do not think that its value,
were it ever so great, is an argument against
submitting this question to the Supreme Court
of the United States. If it were worth ten
times as much as it is and the United States
had taken it wrongfully from a portion of its
people, that would be no excuse for not sub-
mitting it to a judicial tribunal, but on the con-
trary it would give a stronger argument in favor
of such a submission.
Now, sir, it is true, as asserted by the Sen-
ator, that the United States entered into pos-
session of this land under a deed from the
inhabitants of Carondelet, but their deed was
limited so long as it should be used as a mil-
itary post; it was to revert to the people of
Carondelet when it should no longer be used
as a military post. That is the language of the
deed. But the United States, afterthey entered
into possession under the deed of the inhab-
itants of Carondelet, were not content, they
themselves had the matter examined ; it was
their own counsel who told them they did not
take anything by that deed. Certain Govern-
ment officers then entered into schemes to
coerce the people of Carondelet to give them
a title to this property, and they were able to
compel the inhabitants to give them such a
deed. But I do not desire to enter into a dis-
cussion of all the facts of this case. I have
not the time, iu the first place ; nor do I think
it necessary. The United States are safe in
submitting this question to the highest tribunal
in the country. The people of Carondelet claim
that they have been compelled to surrender
their land to the Government. All they ask
is that the question as to their title, a question
purely of law, shall be submitted to the high-
est judicial tribunal in the country, and I do
not think it. becomes the Congress of the Uni-
ted States to refuse that when asked by these
people, alleging at the same time that they
were coerced into making a deed to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, the report in
this case suggests a question which I should
like to have answered by the Senator from
Missouri. It states that the petition filed m
the Court of Claims which, as I understand,
the bill now before us would reinstate in that
court, prays that the deed may be set aside
and the land decreed to them, the inhabitants
of Carondelet. Another portion of the report
states that Jefferson barracks have been built
on this property. I should like to know from
the Senator from Missouri the value of the
buildings and improvements put on this land
by the United States which, if I understand
the petition in the Court of Claims, will also
go to these petitioners if the judgment be in
their favor.'
Mr. BLAIR. I will say to the Senator from
Pennsylvania that the barracks were built upon
this land, but they were of very little value
and are now of no value to the Government
or to anybody else. They are unsuitable for
any purpose for which the land will be used.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I find in looking at the
report further that I was mistaken as to the
quantity of the land in controversy. It is two
thousand acres instead of twelve hundred. It
was at first twelve hundred acres, and after-
ward they got into controversy about it and
the villagers went to law and were always
beaten, as the report says, because the courts
held that unless they had a patent they had
not any title at all, although they got all the
land except these twelve hundred acres at
first and the two thousand afterward. Then
the report proceeds to state that—
"The Secretary of the Interior reaffirmed the
original survey, reserving out of it for the United
States about two thousand acres of land, including
the twelve hundred originally conveyed by the
inhabitants.
" The Commissioner of the General Land Office,
on the 24th of September, 1839, at the instance of the
Secretary of War, annulled the survey of the com-
mons, which had subsisted for twenty-two years.
From the date of that annulment till it was re-
affirmed in 1855, the villagers were harassed with
litigation, and without their survey, according to
the rulings of the courts, were defenseless. They
repeatedly endeavored to get Congress to act, with-
out success. Being thus helpless, they agreed with
the Secretary of War to convey the two thousand
acres in question m order to get the survey rees-
tablished, and it was reestablished as soon as he
informed the Secretary of the Interior that a satis-
factory deed was made."
Now, I wish to add to what I said before,
that the United States now stand not only
upon the ancient grant of the villagers before
they were incorporated, but upon a regular
bargain subsequently made with the Caron-
delet people in 1839, as I now understand this
report. That bargain was made in order to
compose the dispute entirely, the Government
insisting that the villagers had no title at all
to any part of the lands because they only had
a right of common ; they were still the subject
of survey; and that looks quite reasonable to
any lawyer who understands what the right of
common is. It is a mere grant to all the vil-
lagers to let their cattle run over your fields.
Thereupon they composed the matter by the
villagers making a regular and binding deed,
which nothing but a court of equity can set
aside, which did carry any title they had to
the United States for two thousand acres, and
the United States allowed the survey to stand
under which the villagers claimed all the rest
of the property.
Having thus got the rest of their property by
proper surveys and patents, they then turn
around and sue in the Court of Claims to get
back the two thousand acres for which they
had given a valid deed to the United States in
the settlement of the controversy in 1839. That
is where they stand. Having applied to "the
"Court of Claims, the Court of Claims determ-
ined the action adversely to their right by a
divided court it is true, two and two. The
Court of Claims held that it had jurisdiction;
but by a divided court the right of the petition-
ers to set aside the deed was denied. You
there had a judicial determination against this
right in a court that declared itself to be
possessed of jurisdiction. Afterward appeals
f'ro'm the Court of Claims were allowed, under
the reconstituiion of the court, to the Supreme
Court, who afterward decided that in such
cases the Court of Claims had no jurisdiction
at all, upon the grounds that I stated in the
opening of the remarks I made a few moments
agThe PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The morning hour has
expired.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hopel shall he allowed
to finish, which will only take a minute or two
more, and that then we shall give the Senator
from Missouri the right to have Ms bill voted
upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator may proceed by general consent. The
Chair hears no objection, and the special order
is laid aside informally till after the disposition
of Senate bill No. 420.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Therefore, Mr. Presi-
dent, we have not only the objection which I
stated in the first place to the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims over any such matter, but
we have what appears to my mind to be a clear
right on the part of the United States ; but, in
the next place, we have one judicial determina-
tion against the right that these people now set
up. That ought to be satisfactory upon every'
principle that I can understand. And in addi-
tion—if it is not indelicate to allude to it, and
I am sure it is not—there would be one very
serious objection to having the Court of Claims
try this cause. There are now only four judges
of that court who are able to sit, one of the
gentlemen being confined by illness that is per-
manent as we know; and the chief justice of
that court is a citizen of St. Louis and would,
therefore, naturally feel that he was in danger
of having a bias and might be quite likely to
do injustice to the claimants themselves for
fear he should be thought to be doing injustice
to the United States in deciding in their favor.
I do not think, therefore, that we ought to send
this case to the Court of Claims. We ought
to determine it ourselves, and if these people
have any rights in equity, as in law plainly
they have not upon their own last deed, which
was a valid one, although they say the first was
not, we ought not to send it to the Court of
Claims to be determined above all other places.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make one
inquiry about this bill. Has this laud been
sold by the United States?
Mr. BLAIR. No, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. In answer to a remark
made by the Senator from Vermont, I would
say that if the land is the land of the Govern-
ment, and if the Government sell it, as it
probably will do at some time, the title may
then be litigated. So a refusal to let it be
litigated now does not prevent litigation* in_ the
future. On the contrary, a litigation might
spring up in the future and probably would
spring up very much more prejudicial than any
litigation which could be had now, for it would
be a case in which the Government had sold
a litigated title, a thing that it ought not to do.
If the land belongs to the Government it
had better be decided that it does belong to
the Government before any disposition shall
be made of it by the Government. If there
is ground for believing that this land belongs
to the Governvent, then let us have the title
settled by a judicial decision. Then the Gov-
ernment will know what to do, whether to sell
the land or to appropriate it to some other
purpose. I see no good policy in postponing
the settlement of this litigated title and selling
the land; for the moment it gets into the hands
of an individual, then the city of St. Louis or
the city of Carondelet may bring its action
and bring the matter into litigation.
The only question that remains, then, is
shall it go to the Court of Claims or shall it
go to some Federal court in Missouri. It
would be a change of our laws to permit the
city of' St. Louis or the city of Carondelet to
bring a suit in the circuit court in Missouri
against the United States, although we could
do that by special act. But what is the use
of that? Here is a suit'pending iu the Court
of Claims, in which a large amount of testi-
mony has been taken, but the Supreme Court
