i87a
THE CONGRESSIONAL QhOm
ms
sion to Joseph:Greer, returned from the Senate
with amendments. ,
The auiGnduiijn ts pf the Senate, which were
to correct clerical errors, were concurred in.
department op justice.
The pety business on t{ie Speaker's table
was the fyll (H. R. No. 1891) to amend an
act entitled ""An act to establish the Depart-
ment of'Justice, and for other purposes,"
returned, from the Senate with amendments.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
taking of testimony.
The next 'business on the Speaker's tahle
was the bill (H. R. No. 2959) to regulate the
taking of testimony in certain cases, returned
from the Senate with amendments.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
committee of conference appointed.
The SPEAKER,. The Chair announces the
following as the committee of ponferenpe on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, on
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (EL
R. No. 2797) providing for the payment to the
Government of Japan, from the indemnity
fund, the sum due on account pf rents for
lands and buildings occupied by thei diplomatic
and consular representatives pf the United
States to Japan., and for pther purposes ; Mr.
Banks, Mr. Leonard, Mr, Myers, and Mr.
Cox.
prevention of smuggling.
The next business on the Speakers table
was the bill (H. R. No. 187) to amend an act
entitled "An act to prevent smuggling, and
for other purposes," approved July 18, 1866,
returned from the Senate without amend-
ments.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
edmund jussen.
The next business pn the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 3443) for the relief of
Edmund Jussen, returned from the Senate
with an amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute.
The substitute was read. It authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury in settling and
adjusting the revenue disbursing and other
accounts of Edmund Jussen) late collector of
internal revenue, first district of Illinois, to
allow and pay him such sum as may appear
due and owing him upon his salary and dis-
bursing accounts not to exceed $6,74? 80, and
that in making the said adjustment and settle-
ment, the said Edmund Jussen is not to be
charged for any liability growing out of a fail-
ure to take bonds from certain distillers whose
distillery was destroyed by fire or of the
whiskey therein and in their warehouse.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to under-
stand this amendment.
Mr. JBLAIR, of Michigan. It is better than
the original bill.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
colored schools in district qf columbia.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H, R. No. 8625)^0 amend an act
entitled "An act governing the colored schools
in the District of Columbia," returned from
the Senate with amendments.
The amendments of the Senate were read.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I want to be heard on
this subject.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I hope the House will
non-concur.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I hppe the House will
concur, for the Committee for the District of
Columbia has examined these amendments
and reported favorably upon them.
The question was put; and on a division
there were—ayes 73, noes 17; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Roosevewt
and Mr. Ceupmas were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes ninety, noes not Donated.
So the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. CHIPMAN moved to reeonsider the
vote by which the amendments were concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john dayis.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 2431) granting a pen-
sion to John Davis, corporal of the night-
watch on board of the United States ship
Octorara, returned from the Senate with
amendments.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
cordelia c. dougherty.
The next business on the Speaker's table>
was the bill (H. R. No. 2534) granting a pen-
sion to Cordelia C. Dougherty, returned from
the Senate with an amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Strike out after line eight of the bill, after " vol-
unteer," and insert " together with the children of
said Charles and Cordelia 0. Dougherty who are
under sixteen years of age."
The amendment was concurred in.
thomas wallker.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 3135) for the relief
of Thomas Warker, returned from the Senate
with an amendment
Mr. RANDALL. I want to be heard upon
that bill.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. RANDALL. This is to give this man
a new hearing and a new patent.
Mr. L. MYERS. It is not to give him a
new patent; it is only to give him a rehearing.
The amendment of the Senate is to protect
the interests of the public.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to lay the bill and
amendment on the table.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion to lay the bill on the table; and upon a
division there were—ayes 79, noes 36; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered j and Mr. Randall
and Mr. L. Myers were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes ninety-six.
Betore the noes were counted,
Mr. RANDALL said : I will withdraw the
motion to lay the bill on the table; and move
that the bill with the amendments of the Sen-
ate be referred to the Committee on Patents.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was committed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
military posts in texas,
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 1130) to provide for the
purchase by the Secretary of War of lands for
the United States in the State of Texas for
the site of forts and military posts, which had
been retured from the Senate with an amend-
ment.
The amendment was to add to the bill the
following:
Provided, That the authority exercised underthis
act shall cease at the expiration of three years from
the passage thereof.
IJr. COBURN. I move that the amend-
ment of the Senate be concurred in.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. COBURN moved that the vote just
taken be reconsidered; and also moved that
tjie motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
henry rbmman.
The next business on the Speaker's tabje
wasthebillfH. R. No, 2523) granting a pension
to Henry Remman*, which had been returned
from the Senate with an amendment.
The amendment was to make the pension
take effect from the passage of the act.
The amendment was concurred in.
william smith.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (II. R. No. 8954) to relieve William
Smith, of Fauquier county, Virginia, which had
been returned from the Senate with an amend-
ment.
The amendment was to insert the word
"political" before the word " disabilities."
The amendment was concurred in.
nancy cloud.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 1243) to restore to the
pepsion-roll Nancy Cloud, widow of William
Cloud, a revolutionary pensioner, which had
been returned'from the Senate with an amend-
ment.
The amendment was to strike out all after
the word " her " to the end of the bill, and
insert in lieu thereof the following :
The rate of pension to which she was formerly
entitled, commencing with the passage of this act.
Mr, HARRIS, of Virginia. I ask that the
amendment of the Senate be non-concurred
in, and a committee of conference asked.
The question wa3 taken; the amendment
was not concurred in, and a conference was
asked on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
william marvin.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 3593) to confirm to
William Marvin the title to seven thousand
acres of land in the State of Florida; which
had been returned from the Senate with an
amendment.
The amendment was to add the following:
Provided, however, Tljat this act shall not affect
any adverse rights or title to the said land or any
part thereof, and shall not create any liability on
the part of the United States.
The amendment was concurred in.
walla-walla and columbia railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 3470) to amend an
act entitled "An act granting the right of way
to the Walla-Walla and Columbia River Rail-
road Company, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March 3,1869, which had been returned
from the Senate with amendments.
The amendments were to strike out "re-
peal" and insert modify ;" also to add " for
two years from the passage of this act."
The amendments were concurred in.
salt lake and oregox railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 3622) supplemental to an
act entitled "An act granting .the right of way
through the public lands for the construction
of a railroad from Great Salt Lake to Port-
land, Oregon," approved April 12,1872, which
had been returned from the Senate with an
amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and to insert
in lieu- thereof the following :
That the Portland. Dalles, and Salt Lake Railroad
Company shall have the right to take from the pub-
lic lands of the United States, timber, stone, and
other material necessary for the construction of its
road.
Ssc. 2. That this act shall at all times be subject
to amendment or repeal by Congress,
Mr, HOLMAN. I ask that the original bill
be read.
