1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
process is the property ; but I take it no State 1
that would consent to our taking the.land by
iM'Hlenination in a State court would refuse us
the privilege of exercising jurisdiction over it
af;er we had acquired it by the proper method.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not unless it
wore accompanied by sorue such animus as the
honorable Senator suggested, that instead of
sneaking in to ask ihem, we should go there
and bully them.
Mr. CARPENTER. Nobody proposes to
bully a State. Nobody proposes to bully any-
body.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
that.
Mr. CARPENTER. A State does not
bully its citizens when it condemns land for a
railroad. It simply takes it for a public use ;
in other words, it exercises a constitutional
function.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
did not understand me as making that remark
in an offensive way. But there are difficulties
about the question itself. We want this land
and we want the jurisdiction over the land.
To get simply the land without the jurisdiction,
is not precisely what we want, and therefore
it has been ihe uniform custom of the Govern-
ment to acquire by purchase if you could, or
i: not, by condemnation through the States,
accompanying the grant of jurisdiction. Still
I iio not know but that it may be practicable
ut'd°r a general law to have all that is desir-
able attained by Federal process.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the bill proposed by the Senator trom Ver-
mont; but the difficulty in regard to the con-
demnation of land has already arisen in Cin-
cinnati, and the case is now presented where
Congress may settle the question with great
propriety in the Cincinnati hill. In the city
of Cincinnati the State of Ohio has already
ceded to the General Government exclusive
jurisdiction over any site that may be selected
by the United States authorities; but there is
no law of the State of Ohio for the condemna-
tion of lands for such purposes, and our State
l.iw for the condemnation of land for railroads
and for other public purposes is not suitable
i.i its character and provisions for a condem-
nation like that necessary for a public build-
ii,% for the United States in Cincinnati. There
i?, no objection on the part of the Legislature
to passing any law that is necessary. There is
no point of etiquette about it, no question of
power raised, indeed, I believe my colleague
and I, although we differ on many questions,
do not differ on that. He has assented to
reporting a bill by which Congress asserts the
ri^lit to make the necessary condemnation.
I believe with the Senator from Wisconsin,
that without raising any question with the
States we may pass a general law that will
authorize us, in cases where the State has con-
sented to give to us exclusive jurisdiction of
any land for public buildings and the like, to
n.ake condemnation in the courts of the Uni-
ted States, where the necessary provisions can
be made. In many States there are limita-
tions on the power of condemning land for
public uses which would be very inconvenient
to the United States. It is so in Ohio. I
trust, therefore, the Judiciary Committee will
1 '.o'i to it, and that in the Cincinnati case,
without waiting for the action of the General
Assembly of Ohio, they will proceed, either
by genera! law or by special law, to allow the
condemnation to be made. I prefer it should
be by general law. If not, we shall have to
go to the State of Ohio to solicit a law on the
(■inject.
.Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question? Does not the Constitution provide
that we shall have this exclusive jurisdiction
and dominion which, aside from the mere title
that any private person can acquire, is all that
we have to stand upon, and that must depend
on cession from the State?
Mr. SHERMAN. We cannot, obtain exclu- i
sive jurisdiction over this property except by
the consent of the State, but we can appro-
priate private property for public use.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very likely; in other
ways we may perhaps become the private
owner of a piece of land in Cincinnati or in
Boston, which we could do by purchase, orget,
it may be, by condemnation, and then we
stand exactly as nny other private owner
would, subject to taxation, subject to the penal
and civil jurisdiction of the State as it respects
arrests, and as it respects everything which
enters into the police ot the State on that spot
of ground. We have always been in the habit
of not proceeding to erect public buildings
until we have acquired that supremacy of
jurisdiction which enables us to protect our
own property and our own officers in our own
way.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is precisely what I
said before, and the Government of the United
States will not build any public building of an
important character on any land until the con-
sent of the State is obtained, in order to en-
able us to acquire it, and in order to give us the
complete exclusive jutisdiction which is neces-
sary over public buildings.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And also to
exempt it from taxation.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. But after that
has been granted by the State, and the ques-
tion is still in dispute as to what location shall
be selected, whether this square or that, and
we are compelled to negotiate with every citi-
zen of the city, and after we have finally se-
lected or failed to select, we have still to appeal
to subsequent State authority, and that puts us
in a condition that it seems to me is not neces-
sary. The Constitution does not contemplate
such a condition of things. When we have
determined on the property necessary for a
public use we ought to take it and pay the
owner a fair compensation, to be fixed by the
courts of the United States.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to suggest to
my friend from Ohio that this is a question
over which the Federal courts have no juris-
diction. The only power to take a man's prop
erty against his own consent rests in the State
alone, who possesses the power of eminent
domain. The question arose twice during Gen-
eral Pierce's administration. Mr. Guthrie
was then Secretary of the Treasury. He
desired to have certain property condemned
for a custom-house in South Carolina. He
obtained the opinion of Mr. Caleb Cushing, to
which I refer my friend from Ohio, and which
he will find in one of the volumes of the Opin-
ions of the Attorneys General, in which Mr.
Cushing declared that it was essential for the
purpose of the Federal Government to get the
State to become an instrumentality in the ex-
ercise of its right of eminent domain to secure
the property, and then to allow the General
Government to take it.
The case is different where the party is will-
ing to sell the land. The Government can
lease or can purchase ; but where he says "I
will not sell," or where he and the Govern-
ment cannot agree upon the price, then the
only way in which it can be obtained is through
the exercise by the State of its right of emi-
nent domain, which certainly does not belong
to the General Government. That is an au-
thority which the Constitution does not confer
upon the General Government. Therefore, in
the case to which I refer my friend, he will
find it expressly decided by Mr. Cushing,
than whom certainly there are few abler men,
as I have stated, and in that very case the
General Government had to ask the State of
South Carolina to use its right of eminent do-
main, which was readily granted, and the
Federal Government then purchased the
property.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope this
discussion upon so broad a question will not be
continiK d. it is obvious tliatif any bill of this
knid is to pa«s it ought to be very carefully
considered by the Committee on the Judiciary,
and if any bill at ali should pass it ought to be
general and made applicable for all future
time. I therefore hope that a vote may be
reached on this bill and that we shall allow
this other and much larger question to be
debated and considered at some future time.
Mr. CARPENTER. I shall not make any
opposition to the passage of this bill, but I give
notice that on Monday morning I shall intro-
duce a bill providing for the condemnation of
land in cases past and future.
Mr. COLE. There was a bill reported at
the last session of Congress, in connection with
an appropriation bill, to obtain the title of the
squares adjoining this Capitol, and in that very
law was a provision for the condemnation of
the property in case an agreement could not
be obtained between the owners and the Sec-
retary of the Interior, who was the agent, I
believe, on the part of the Government, for
obtaining the property.
Mr. CARPENTER. That does not raise
this question, because it was not, in a State.
Mr. COLE. But this is a provision for the
condemnation of property, and I should sup-
pose might as welt be provided for in the bill
that is now pending as in a bill to be devoted
to that subject exclusively.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. My friend
will see that in the case to which he refers
Congress had exclusive jurisdiction.
Mr. COLE. I am aware of that,; but still
I can see no reason why provision may not be
made in this bill for the condemnation of
this property in the United States courts. If
the Committee on the Judiciary are right in
reporting a bill for the condemnation of prop-
erty generally, of course there can be no
objection to embodying such a bill in the
measure now pending with reference to this
property in Boston. I suggest that we wait,
at all events, before passing this bill until we
are able to afford some security to the United
States against exorbitant demands for this
property. It seems clear now that there was
some mistake in the location of this building.
It ought to have been provided originally
with sufficient room about it for light and
other easements and for safety against fire.
If there is now in this emergency a necessity
for obtaining more ground about it, I think we
should at least protect the General Govern-
ment against the exorbitant demands of par-
ties who own property adjoining.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to fill the blank
with the sum of $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third tinfie, and
passed.
naval mon0ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will take this occasion to lay before the Sen-
ate a bill returned from the House of Repre-
sentatives at tlie request of the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] who wished
to enter a motion to reconsider. It is the bill
(H. R. No. 3123J to authorize the Secretary
of the Navy to transport in a Government
vessel, free of duty, a monument designed by
Admiral Porter to be erected in the grounds
of the Naval Academy at Annapolis, in mem-
ory of the officers, seamen, and marines of the
Navy.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I understand
that this is a monument erected entirely by
United States officers, and that they have'
contributed their funds for it and it is to be
on United States ground. I therefore with-
draw the motion to reconsider.
margaret s. fair.
Mr. NORWOOD. The Committee on Pen-
sions yesterday reported adversely on the bill
(II. R. No. 2144) granting a pension to Mrs.
