2096
f&E COF&RESSIOmL GLOBE.
March 3,
The Clerk began the reading of the bill, but
before eonoluding,
■ Mr. HOLMAN. The bill Is very long, and
I will not call for a further reading. I only
desire to call attention to the fact that the sub-
stitute confers upon the company the right to
take stone and other material from the public
lands without any restriction whatever.
The amendment was concurred in,
Mr. SLATER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DICKEY submitted the following re-
port :
The committee of oonferenoe on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. ft. No. 3850) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June 80.
1874, having met, after full and froe confereuooe have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to thoir
respeotive Houses as follows:
That thuSenate recede from its amendments num-
bered 9.10,12,20, and 21.
That the House of Representatives recede from its
disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered 1,2, 8, 4,5, 7, 8,14,15,16, 17, and 18, and
agroe to the same.
That the House reoede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate No. 6, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows; strike out
all after the word " post," in line two of said amend-
ment, and insert in lieu thereof the words " between
the Missouri river and Fort Ellis;" and the Senate
agree to the same,
That the House reoede from its disagreement to
amendment No. 13 and agree to the same with
amendments, as follows: after the word "war,"
in line eight of said amendment, insert as follows:
" after sixty days' advertisement in newspapors
of general circulation." And at the end of said
amendment No, 13 add as follows: "and the con-
tracts made under this act shall provide for furnish-
ing and selling all the said headstones, and shall
not in the aggregate exceed the sum hereby appro-
priated." And after the word "contract," inline
seven add the letter " s "; and the Senate agree to
tho same.
That tho House reoede from its disagreement to
amendment No, 19 and agree to the same with
an amendment, as follows: strikeout the last lino
of said amendmonti and tho Senate agree to tho
Same.
That the Senate recode from the amendment No.
II and agree to the same with an amendment as
follows: add after the word "advertisement," in
line nine, pago 5 of tho bill, tho following: "and
the gross proceeds of such sale shall be covered into
the. Treasury; " and tho House uKreo to the same.
OLIVBK J. DICKEY,
.JOUN COBUliN,
FllANK W. PALMER,
Managcru an the part of the House.
J. It. WEST,
JOHN A. L6GAN,
M. W. HANSOM,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. DICKEY. I yield ten minutes of iny
time to my colleague on the committee, the
gentleman from Indiana, [ Mr. Coburn,] who
lias signed the report. What he proposes to
say I do not know; but I will reserve the
right to reply.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey,] before he takes
bis seat, inform the House whether this report
retains the provision for the establishment of
two military posts on the Northern Pacific
railroad ?
Mr. DICKEY. Yes, sir; that is the pro-
vision my colleague on the committee pro-
poses to speak against.
Mr. HOLMAN. It appropriates $200,000
for that purpose?
Mr. DICKEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope it will be voted
down.
Mr, DICKEY. I move the-previous ques
tion, giving notice that I will yield all my
time except about five minutes to other gen-
tlemen.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. DICKEY. I yield to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Coburn.]
Mr. COBURN. There is only one point in
this report from which I dissent; and that
point I cannot allow to pass without calling
attention to it. 'The proposition to which I
refer is to appropriate $200,000 to build two
forts between the Missouri river and Port
Ellis, upon the projected line of the Northern
Pacific railroad. There is not one foot of
railroad constructed west of the Missouri river.
The proposition now is to send military forces
beyond the Missouri river to build forts there,
and to protect that company in the construction
of this road. The question for the House to
decide is simply whether it is now good policy
to enter upon an enterprise of that kind, I
have in my hand a letter from the Secretary
of War upon this subject. The question was
directly put to him and to General Sherman
whether it would be necessary to have any
increase of military forces in that region, and
the answer has been in the affirmative; that it is
absolutely necessary we should have a large
military force there to prevent the destruction
of the men laboring upon that line of railroad.
Last year the surveying parties were attacked,
two officers of the Army and other persons
were killed, and the matter now before the
House is a fight with Indians or the suspension
of work on that road. If the work goes on, it
goes on at the expense of a fight.
General Sherman says it will require at least
two thousand men to maintain our position
there. Let me read to the House what he and
the Secretary of War say:
Wab Department, February 14, 1873.
Tho Seoretary of War has the honor to report to
tho llouso of Representatives, for the information
of the Committeoon Appropriations, that a telegram
has been reeoivod from Mr. Cass, president ol the
Northern Pacific Itailroad Company, that tho
Northern Pacific llailroad Company intond to put
their road from the Missouri river to the Yellow-
stone under contract this spring. The work of con-
struction will commence early in tho summer, and
ho asks for sufficient force to be stationed along tho
line of the proposed road. This will roquire a strong
escort, and will neces^tate the establishment ol two
large posts between tho Missouri river and Fort
Ellis.
General Sheridan reports that our exponse for
barracks and quarters will be greatly increased, and,
he thinks it advisable to notify Congress of this fact,
so that sufficient additional appropriations may bo
made for the establishment ol theso two posts. He
says: "The poststo be established will beoxpensive,
and I would respectfully recommend that tho fund
for barracks and quarters bo increased, at least in
the sum of $250,000."
General Sherman, to whom this subject was re-
ferred, says: "This railroad isanationaienterprise,
and we are forced to protect tho mon during its sur-
vey and construction, through, probably, the most
warlike nation of Indians on this continent, who
will fight for every foot of tho line. It is a matter
of war requiring near two thousand troops, who in
winter inuat be sheltered. General Sheridan's esti-
mate is the lowest possibio."
X therefore earnestly reoommend the appropria-
tion by Congress of the sum of $260,000, to be ex-
pended in the erection of two posts, the location of
which shall bo sel ected by General Sheridan.
X concur with General Sherman in his view that
this is anationai enterprise and should receive the
support of the Government.
It will also prove to be an economical measure
and will tend to a solution of tho Indian problem i&
the northwostorn territory.
WM. W. BELKNAP,
Seoretary of War.
Gentlemen must understand this is a matter
of war with the most determined, the ablest,
and the most dangerous Indian tribes upon
this continent, with the best material for that
purpose in the Sioux nation.
Well, it may be said, if we are to allow
these Indians to stop this work we might as
well give up our Government at once, that it
is the duty of the Government to go on and
protect this work. The House must remem-
ber this company have not invested one dol-
lar west of the Missouri river; no surveys,
nothing has been done west of the Missouri
fiver, that there are no white men out in that
country, not one settler, and it is a question
whether or not we will go out and invest our
money, our lives, our blood in an Indian war
with all the horrible and terrible consequences
attendant upon it for the benefit of this cor-
poration. Why, sir, if an insurance com-
pany, if a banking company, it' any other
moneyed corporation called upon the Congress
of the United- States to involve the nation in
war, costing not only thousands, but in the
went of hostilities millions of dollars and the
lives Of ver^f many meiij the proposition would
be scouted as .preposterous and absurd. Let
me tell gentlemen that this sum of $200,000
is but a tithe of what the additional, expense
will be for transportation over mountainous
regions and the support -of troops in a distant
desert.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not agree with
the gentleman from Indiana; it would carry
in this House; I have no doubt of it.
Mr. COBURN. We have'before us now
this proposition i there is no dodging it, no
breaking it, no getting out of the way. The
highest military authorities prophesy war,
and I have no doubt if this be done wax will
be inevitable.
Gentlemen ask me what shall be done. I
would do nothing that would bring on war.
The road will be finished to the Missouri river
this year, and we are under no obligations,
legal or moral, or of any other kind, to go on
and protect the construction of thiB road in the
Indian wilderness. If we have granted this
great corporation a vast amount of lands, if
we have given them the most extensive grant
of lands any corporation ever had in this coun-
try, that is no reason why we should arm out
soldiers and send them out into that country,
and at the point of the bayonet and the can-
non's mouth carry on this expedition under-
taken by this road, for it is more of a military
expedition than a peaceful' movement. When
this act of incorporation was granted the cor-
porators took it with the risk of having these
savage tribes in their way.
If a bank were to go out there and ask
under their charter that we should go out with
our Army and protect them against the savage
Indian tribes they would have just as much
right to make that claim of aid and protection
as this Northern Pacific railroad. 'Not one
white man lives within the seven hundred
miles from the Missouri river to the Yellow-
stone. Much of this route is through great
Indian reservations in which white men have
no business. But gentlemen will say, what"
can you do? Wait until the Indian peace
policy of the President and of Congress shall
be carried out and by proper methods we shall
pacify and satisfy these Indians that it is
proper a railroad should go through their land.
It is the duty of the Government to stand still.
They say this will check the tide, stop the march
of progress. The march of progress, the ad-
vance of civilization is not to be accomplished
in this way. Better wait till a pacific policy
has gained th# ascendency among the Iudian
tribes; better wait till all possibility of wat
has passed away than hurry us into the waste,
expense, and sorrows that may be rashly
brought upon us.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DICKEY. My colleague on the com-
mittee who has signed this report has directed
against it a speech.
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman under-
stands very well I signed it under protest and
said at the time I was opposed to it.
Mr. DICKEY. Certainly, I understand the
gentleman to have signed it with a mental res
ervation. Mr. Speaker, I am no warrior, and
in matters of war and in matters of Army
appropriation I have felt safe in following the
recommendation of Sheridan, Sherman, and
Grant. I know there are warriors on this floor
who understand it much better, -but still being
a man of peace, a mere man of peace, from a
Quaker and peaceable district in Pennsylvania,
I have thought we might possibly follow the
recommendations of Sherman, of Sheridan,
and of Grant, and all the peace commission.
Mr. COBURN. I am here to say Sherman
is opposed to the project.
Mr. DICKEY. I am here to say General
Sherman, under his official signature, bag re-
