172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
Margaret S. Fair. My attention was called to
it a few minutes ago. I desire to move a re-
consideration of the action of the Senate on
that bill.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The motion j
to reconsider will be entered.
credentials.
Mr. MORTON presented the credentials of
lion. George E. Spencer, chosen by the
Legislature of the State of Alabama a Senator
from that State for the term beginning March
4, 1S73; which were read and ordered to be
tiled.
scales and manning.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 3129) for the relief of
Scales & Manning, of Nashville, Tennessee,
to report it back without amendment. This
is a bill to relieve these parties from a restrict-
ive clause of the internal revenue law which
requires that the legal title of property on
which a distillery is built shall be in the dis-
tiller. It seems in this case it is impossible
to get an absolutely clear title to the land on
which the distillery is built. This bill is for
the purpose of relieving these men from that
restrictive clause of the internal revenue laws,
on giving bond, &c. The Senator from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Cooper] is very anxious to have
k acted upon at once} and I hope the Senate
will put it on its passage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It can be reached in a
day or two on the call of the Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I have no j
favor to ask about it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio asks unanimous consent to
consider the bill juat reported by him. Is
there objection?
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to permit Horace
G. Scales and Samuel H. Manning, of Nash-
ville, Tennessee, and the survivor of them,
their heirs, administrators, and assigns, to
commence and carry on the business of distill- I
in  in and at their distillery recently erected !
in Davidson county, Tennessee, upon a tract
of land devised to Scales by the last will and
testament of Charles Bosley, deceased, but for
the accomplishment of certain trusts in the
will named and limited in favor of persons in-
capable of giving the consent required by sec-
tion eight of the a t entitled "An act impos- .
ing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco, and
for other purposes," approved July 20, 1868,
upon compliance with all the provisions of law
now existing, or that may hereafter be enacted, -
applicable to distilleries erected prior to the \
20:h day of July, 1868. j
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from Ohio \
what the purpose of the bill is ? j
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the last revenue j
act a distillery must be built upon land owned
by the distiller where the title is clear, free
from all objection and all incumbrance. That
was the last whisky law. It seems that this
distillery was built upon a piece of land to
which there were certain equitable rights and
legal rights outstanding, so that it is impossi-
ble for the distillers to get the legal title, and
not getting the legal title they are now pre-
vented from opening their distillery at all. I
am informed they did not know of this at the
time the distillery was built; but that is a mat-
ter I do not know anything about. Instead of
that, the act of 1868 required the distiller to
give a bond and securities in such a case for
the full amount of the construction. That is
the whole of this case. It might accidentally
arise that a man might build on property for
which he could not get a clear'title. I think
rather than allow the property to be tied up
without use, the parties ought to be relieved
on giving responsible security. This is a House
bill, which was passed there after some debate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without,
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills ;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 2090) making appropri-
ations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year end-
ing J une 30, 1874;
A bill (H. R. No. 16G5) to enable honorably
discharged soldiers and sailors, their widows
and orphan children, to acquire homesteads
on the public lands of the United States ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2989) making appropri-
ations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1874, and for
other purposes.
bills introduced.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1244) to organize the territory of Okla-
homa, consolidate the Indian tribes under a
territorial government, and carry out the pro-
visions of the treaties of 18G6 with certain
Indian tribes; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1245) to promote immigration to the
United States ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1246) for the relief of Siloma Deck; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROWNLOW asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1247) for the relief of Major Gaines
Lawson,late of the fourth Tennessee infantry ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1248) to promote education in the several Ter-
ritories of the Union; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1249) to renew a certain land
grant; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1250) for the relief of H. B. Denman;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CLAYTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1251) authorizing the construction of
a bridge across the Arkansas river at Van
Buren, Arkansas; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1252) making appropriations for the
improvement of certain harbors in Florida;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1253) to allow loyal citizens of States not
declared in rebellion to present their claims
before the commission appointed under1 the
second section of the act of March 3, 1871;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Conrmittee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. AMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1254) exempting certain articles from the oper-
ation of the fifth section of the act of May 8,
1872, masingappropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 80, 1873;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1255) for the relief of the heirs of
William C. Brashears; which was read twice
bv its title, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1256) to establish a bureau of
sanitary science; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Educa-
tion and Labor, and ordered to be printed.
value of pound sterling.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be
instructed to inquire whether the valuation of the
sovereign or pound sterling of Great Britain at the
custom-hou3es of the United States, and in the set-
tlement of accounts between the two countries under
existing laws, corresponds with its true or intrinsic
value as expressed in the money of account of the
United States; and report by bill or otherwise.
house bill referred
The bill (H. R. No. 2S89) making appro-
priations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indiau department, and for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 30, 1874, and
for other purposes, was read twice by its title,
and, on motion of Mr. Cole, referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
the boston fire.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up tlie bill
of the House No. 2993, the Boston relief bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Cal-
endar is in order, having been laid aside in-
formally for the purpose of considering the
bill for the relief of the sufferers by fire in
Boston. That bill will be regarded as before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole ; and
the question is on the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance, in line five after the word
"materials" to insert the words "except
lumber."
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. On that amend-
ment I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. Was that exception made
in the Chicago case?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Yes, sir; that
will make this similar to the Chicago bill.
Mr. WILSON. That was not, however, like
the Portland bill, which did include lumber,
and I think that is the main part of this bill.
I hope really that the exception will not be in-
serted. I am sorry the Senator from Mich-
igan has called for the yeas and nays. I do
not wish to detain the Senate, but I hope the
Senate will not make this amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. And let me add to what
my colleague has said, that the reason for the
exception of lumber in the Chicago bill does
not apply here. The Senator from Michigan
then stated that Michigan had also been
devastated by a conflagration at the same
time, and he did not think it right therefore
that the lumber of Michigan should contribute
to repair even the great damage at Chicago.
Now, no such reason prevails in the present
case. The reason ceasing, it seems to me
that the exception ought to cease.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I did not call
for the yeas and nays for the purpose of detain-
ing the Senate. My object was to place upon
