1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1137
reasoning, for if he be excused upon the !
ground that he is already upon two commit- !
tees which are laborious, there are other mem- !
bers appointed upon this special committee
who can ask to be excused because they are
upon four committees equally laborious with
those upon which the Senator is now placed.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will state to my friend
that I am on three, but one of them is not a
very laborious committee.
Mr. SCOTT. Having been named on this
committee, I have no hesitation in saying that
I am already upon four committees, two of
which are perhaps as laborious committees as
there are in the body.
There are other circumstances, Mr. Presi-
dent, which should make any member hesitate
about entering upon the duties of this com-
mute if he had a good excuse to place before
the Senate to ask to be discharged from them.
The grave nature of the investigation which is
now to be entered upon, ihe tact that we are
within twenty working days of the close of the
session, aud the further fact that perhaps
twenty days will be insufficient, if devoted
fully to this subject, to enable the committee
to do justice to themselves and those whose
characters are involved in this investigation,
might "give us pause" as to whether we should
undertake at all that which perhaps time will
not permit us to complete.
I would have risen at once from these con-
siderations and asked to be excused, were it
not for the fact that I have made it a rule to
endeavor to discharge faithfully any duty that
the Senate sees proper to impose upon me,
even although satisfied that I have already my
full share of that class of duty. I now say in
all good faith to the Senate, that if this reason
is recognized as a good one, it will be followed
by other applications from members of the
select committee.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, if my
friend from Kentucky asked to be excused
for any reason that was personal to himself,
I should hesitate a long time before I would
vote against excusing him; but he asks to be
excused because of the engagements he has
upon other committees of this body. It is
not, then, a personal request that he makes,
owing to any disinclination he has to discharge
this service, disagreeable as it may be, but it
is because of public interests that are in his
hands as a member of other committees.
Now, as was well said by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, that reasoning perhaps would
exist in respect to every member of this body.
Certainly it would exist in regard to a laige
portion of the Senators who have toward the
close of the session as much in their hands as
they can attend to. But some business must
have precedence over other business, and I
know of none that ought to have precedence
sooner than this investigation. I have no
opinion 011 the subject one way or the other,
and intend to intimate no opinion one way or
the other, for I have not read one word of the
testimony, and do not intend to do so until it
is laid before me in such shape that I must
read it. In making that statement I ought
to except perhaps one letter that I have seen
in the public prints, and which I have read,
but that is all. I therefore intimate no
opinion at all about the case; but we know it
is a duty of high importance, and that it, will
fully justify the Senator from Kentucky in
transferring to other hands, to other members
of the committees to which he belongs, the
special matters to which he has referred, in
order that he may have the time to devote to
this investigation.
There is no member of the Senate to whose
judgment, whose fairness, whose honor, the
Senate and each member of the Senate would
sooner confide an investigation of this kind
than our friend from Kentucky; and with the
greatest desire m the world to oblige him in
anything that he may ask, I hope the Senate
will not excuse him.
42  Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 72,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to excuse the Senator
from Kentucky from service upon the special
committee.
The motion was not agreed to, there being
on a division—ayes 12, noes 26.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, on my
return to Washington this morning from a
brief absence in New Jersey, I saw by the
papers that I had been appointed on this com-
mittee of investigation, and I came to the
Senate to-day with the intention of asking the
Senate to excuse me from service upon the
committee. How the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Hamlin] should have known that that
was my intention, is more than I can tell,
unless it be that he is versed in the art of
guessing, as many people who come from his
neighborhood are said to be. He said that he
saw me on my legs, and that suggested it to
him. When he said he saw me on my legs
I thought I was sitting down in my chair;
but at all events by some means he divined
exactly what I was going to do—he guessed it
right the first time. [Laughter.] Mr. Presi-
dent, I should like to ask the Senator from
Maine whether he is on this committee? I
believe he is not; and let me remind him, in
reply to his insistment that we shall remain
on the committee, that—
"He jests at sears that never felt a wound."
Mr. President, is it wise for this Senate to
appoint gentlemen on this committee who say
to it when they are appointed that it is utterly
impossible for them to do the duty expected,
of them consistent with their other public
duties? I presume there are something like
fifteen working days left of this session. I
believe it is expected that this committee shall
have their report in here long enough before
the 4th of March to have it acted upon, or else
it will be a matter of no importance to have a
reportatall. Our committees are now crowded
with work, as you, Mr. President, know very
well; at least one committee that I am on,
where I have a great deal of work to do.
Crowded as we are with business, we are
pressed by hundreds of people who come
around the committee and find fault even with
a day's absence, because their bills which
they have been watching the whole season are
not called up when they expected. In that
condition of things, pressed with committee
business, and finding it very difficult to get the
attention of the Senate to even one little bill
from a committee which has charged me with
many bills, I am to be put on this special com-
mittee, which is expected, as I understand, to
report in time so that its report may be acted
upon before the 4th of March.
Mr. President, it is simply impossible, and
therefore I ask the Senate to excuse me, not
for my personal convenience, but simply
because it is impossible for me to do justice to
this subject in that time. I understand from
the evidence which we have seen published,
which I believe the Honse of Representatives
has sent to the Senate, that there are grave
and serious charges affecting the character of
some of our brother Senators. I certainly
would not be willing to make an investigation
that was not thorough. I should certainly not
be willing to allow those gentlemen to suffer
by my want of ability to give the necessary
time and attention to the subject, and therefore
I most respectfully ask the Senate to excuse
me.
I might put it upon another ground. I
might have said to the Senate that I was not
in a condition of health to go through any
additional labor, that it was just as much as I
could do now to go through the labor that is
upon me here; but I prefer to put it upon
our duty to the public. There are plenty of
gentlemen in the Senate who have tinie and
who have ample ability to examine this ques-
tion, and who can be placed upon the com-
mittee with much more propriety than myself.
I do not think that the reasons I have given
I would apply to other gentlemen of this com-
j raittee, and I therefore respectfully request
I the Senate to excuse me from service .on the
committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey asks to be excused from
service on the same committee.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to say one word on
this question. It seems the Chair was ex-
ceedingly unfortunate in selecting the mem-
bers of this committee and appointing those
members of the Senate who of all others had
the most to do. My friends, the Senator from
Kentucky, the Senator from New Jersey, and
the Senator from Pennsylvania, have all stated
their cases. I am very certain that not one
of those gentlemen has half as much to do as
I have. I believe the only member of the
committee who has not anything to do is the
chairman, [laughter ;] and if you can find four
more situated just as he is, they ought to be
selected.
In all seriousness, Mr. President, if the Sen-
ator from New Jersey is to be excused, then I
say upon the same principles you can excuse
every member of this committee and every
member of the Senate, and no member of the
Senate can be found to discharge the duty. 1
may mention that so far as I am concerned, I
am a member of three committees, having a
committee meeting every day, and that is
independent of the special committee I am
already upon, and this one makes five. Now,
I am certain if you excuse the Senator from
New Jersey yon must excuse me. I can put
it on the same ground, and with equal justice ;
no more, perhaps. I do not know whether I
can do justice to the case or not. He says he
cannot. He can try ; and that is all that any
of us can do. I insist that the Senator shall
be retained upon the committee unless you
adopt the other rule of excusing four of us and
putting four other persons on the committee
with the Senator from Maine, the chairman,
who, likehim, have nothing to do. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think 1 un-
derstand that remark. I am on four commit-
tees, three of which are pretty important com-
mittees, and I have no peace of mind or rest
to the soles of my feet from morning till night.
I have been constantly engaged in committees
for this last fortnight, and superadded to all
the reasons I have heard I might urge others.
But, Mr. President, I hardly think this is a
question to talk about or to discuss. It is a
duty which nobody would covet, I am sure.
Reluctant as I am, and almost impossible as I
consider it for me to enter upon this duty, I
have not felt that I was justified in shrinking
from it. If it be the pleasure of the Senate to
impose this duty upon any of its members,' I
think it is of that character that no member is
authorized to decline it for any excuse that is
not absolutely of a personal character.
Mr. CONKLING and Mr. HAMLIN. That
is the point exactly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Havingnothing
of that sort, I have no excuse to make for not
entering upon it, reluctant as I am, as I think
I shall be believed in saying, to do so. I trust
my friend from New Jersey will not be ex-
cused. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
| ator from New Jersey asks to be excused from
i service on the same committee. The question
is, will the Senate excuse him ?
The question being put, the Senate refused
to excuse Mr. Stockton.
the currency specie payments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday, being the consular
and diplomatic appropriation bill, is now be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. STEVENSON. Before that bill is
taken up I wish to submit, a, motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill (S. No. lolS)
supplementary to an act entitled i(An act to
| provide a national currency secured by a
