1138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
pledge of the United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof," approved June 3, 1864, and to
secure a national currency, to appreciate na-
tional obligations, and to reach specie pay-
ments without commercial embarrassment,
was laid upon the table yesterday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to reconsider will be entered.
government 01? arkansas.
Mr. EIGE. I move that the SeDate proceed
to the consideration of the resolution offered
by me yesterday, instructing the Committee
on Privileges and Elections to inquire and
report whether there is an existing legal State
government in Arkansas.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senate to take
up the bill to release the Government of Japan
from the further payment of the indemnity
fund.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
before the Senate is the unfinished business
of yesterday, the consular and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill, pending which the Senator
from Arkansas moves to take up the resolu-
t;ion referred to by him. The Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Cragin] also gave no-
tice yesterday that he would ask the indulgence
of the Senate to-day to make some remarks on
Senate bill No. 1098. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. RICE. I wish to make one statement
in regard to that motion. A similar resolution
has been passed in regard to Louisiana; and
in order that the committee may summon the
witnesses, if this resolution is to pass, I should
like to have it passed now, so as to give time
to get the witnesses here in order to make the
investigation. I do not think there will be
any special opposition to the passage of the
resolution. I therefore move to postpone the
present and all prior orders for the purpose of
taking up that resolution
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I reckon that
will not be done. I hope not, at least.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Arkansas.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When our friend from
Maine gives us his gracious permission to do
anything else than consider appropriation bills,
I want to have him remember my humble ap-
peal to take up the Alabama claims bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Certainly; but I
trust we shall finish the appropriation bill now.
_ Mr. EDMONDS. Therefore I hope the
Senate will not do anything until we dispose
tWs appropriation bill, and any other that
the Committee on Appropriations insist on
pressing upon our attention, and then I hope
the Senate will be willing to go on with im-
portant business in the order in which it is
reported substantially.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is precisely
what I think the Senate will find it its interest
to do. I trust the Senator from Arkansas will
not press his motion at the present time. I
do not wish to talk about it.
Mr. RICE. I press it simply because if the
resolution is to be acted upon, it may as well
be acted upon now. I am not disposed to
argue it. I wish to ge't a vote on the passage
or the resolution. I do not see that it is
going to take up any time. A similar reso-
lution has been passed, as the Senate are well
aware, m regard to.Louisiana, and if they are
disposed to pass one iu regard to the State of
Arkansas they should take it up and dispose
Mr. CLAYTON. I do not; propose, of
course, to debate the merits of the resolution
on this motion ; but I desire to say that it is
one ot the very gravest magnitude. It proposes
to enter into an inquiry as to whether theState
government of one of the sovereign States of
this Union is a legal State government I
have no objection to the resolution being taken
up; I have no objection to meeting it here ;
but I do say^ that my colleage is mistaken in
his supposition, for it is one that will excite a
great deal of debate before it is acted upon. I
think there are very grave questions of consti-
tutionality, in the first place, as to the power
of Congress to make the inquiry or to apply
the remedy, which I suppose is intended in a
certain contingency, and if the resolution is
called up I, for one, shall move to refer it to
the proper committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move to lay
this motion on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. A motion to postpone a
bill cannot be laid on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Did the Sen-
ator from Vermont make a notion ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; I only made a
remark.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I made a mo-
tion to lay the motion of the Senator from
Arkansas on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope I did not make
a motion of that character. My motions are
bad enough.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of the opinion that the motion cannot be
laid on the table. The pending bill can be
laid on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is what I
do not want; I want to get, at the bill.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Arkansas [Mr. Rice] to postpone the pending
and all prior orders for the purpose of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of the resolution
indicated by him.
The motion was not agreed to.
order 01? business.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, I gave notice
yesterday that on the coming up this morning
of the special order I would ask that it might
be laid aside informally in order to enable me
to submit some remarks upon Senate bill No.
1098, which I would call up for that purpose ;
but upon consultation with the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] who has charge of the
pending appropriation bill, I concluded that I
would not ask this privilege until after the
appropriation bill is disposed of, not because
I believe that I occupy much time of the Sen-
ate, but I am extremely anxious that the pub-
lic business shall progress. When this bill is
disposed of I shall ask unanimous consent to
submit my remarks upon the bill of which I
gave notice yesterday.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senator who
has charge of the appropriation bill to allow
me to bring up the Japanese indemnity bill.
I make this request becausevthere is now uo
opposition to it. The day before yesterday it
was brought up and would not have occupied
five minutes if it had not been objected to by
the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Stocktox. ]
who assures me this morning that his objec-
tions no longer exist. I trust, therefore, that
the Senate will allow me to bring up this bill.
I am satisfied it will create no discussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent
that the pending bill be laid aside informally
for the purpose of considering the bill indicated
by him.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not think
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania ought
to appeal to me to allow that to be done. I
have just been obliged to interpose against
the Senator from Arkansas. It would give me
a great pleasure, of course, to yield to the
honorable Senator's wishes; but the consular
and diplomatic appropriation bill is now near
its close, when he will have an opportunity to
ask unanimous consent to take up his bill, and
I shall interpose no objection then.
Mr. CAMERON. I think if the Senator
i-evf .„at ^ere was t° be no discussion on
this bill at all, but that it is a mere matter of
iorm to put it on its passage, he would not
object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But my friend
will see that the practice of ruling down one
Senator and then allowing another to interpose
is a bad one.
Mr. CAMERON. I agree if the cases were
similar it would be; but they are not so at all.
The resolution of the Senator from Arkansas
would lead to discussion; but it is only neces-
sary to put this bill through the formality of a
third leading and a vote on its passage.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The title of
the bill will be reported.
The Chikf Cleiik. "A bill (H. R, No.
2798) to release the Government of Japan
from the payment of the balance of the in-
demnity fund remaining unpaid, amounting
to $375,000 under the convention of October
22, 1864."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That bill will
very likely lead to debate. I trust the Senator
from Pennsylvania will not press his request.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The consu-
lar and diplomatic bill is before the Senate.
message prom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagn e-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (11. R.
No. 333) for the relief of Mrs. M. S. Morse,
administratrix and widow of Isaac E. Morse,
deceased.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 1441) making an
appropriation to defray the expenses of the
investigations in regard to the elections in
Kansas, Louisiana, and Arkansas.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 3814) to
remove disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States from Robert M. T. Hunter, of Virginia;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
consular and diplomatic bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the biil (H. R.
No. 3258) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic service of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1874, and
for other purposes, the pending question being
on the amendment of Mr. Schurz to insert
the following clause:
Consuls may be allowed, in the discretion of the
heerctary of State, a. sum not to exceed twenty per
cent, ot their salaries, for office rent.
Mr. SCHURZ. I desire, with the consent
of the Senate, to modify the amendment I
introduced yesterday, so as to read as follows:
The allowance authorized by section twenty-two
of the act of August l8. 1856, entitled "An act to
regulate the diplomatic and consular systems of the
United btates, to be made to consular officers in
certain cases for offieo root may bo increased to
per amounts of annual com-
pensation, subject to the same limitations in said
section contained.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Not exceeding
twenty per cent.?
. SCHURZ. tv Subject to the same lim-
itations in said section contained,7'
™r" of Maine. That is better.
Mr. COLE. That law I believe applied
to one or two classes of consuls, not to all.
Mr. SCHURZ. I will read the section if
the benator desires to hear it.
•<. j^r' MORRILL, of Maine. That is to say,
it does not increase the number of consuls or
the class of consuls.
Mr, SCHURZ. Not at all.
' of Maine. It merely refers
to that office.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is upon the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri as modified.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to have the
