174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
drawback of the amount of duty that is paid.
Is that a new provision in this country ? Why,
sir, from the beginning we have had a draw-
back upon salt, and the Constitution is not
violated, because when salt is imported into
this country the same duty is collected upon
it whether at. New Orleans or at Boston: but
in case that salt is used in the curing of fish,
then there is a remission of the amount or a
drawback of the amount that has been paid.
Mr. CARPENTER. Whether used in Bos-
ton or Milwaukee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No matter where it may
be used.
Mr. CARPENTER. That makes it uni-
form.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The uniformity does
not depend upon the place where it is used.
It is uniform to all the people of the United
States. In point of fact, fish are not cured in
some of the States by imported salt. Nobody
would think of importing salt to Nevada to
cure fish. This very tnorning, Mr. President,
a bill passed in the Senate which declares
that—
" The'Secretary of the Treasury is hereby author-
ized and directed to admit free of duty the monu-
ment designed by Admiral Porter, and now being
executed at Rome."
Where was the Senator from Wisconsin?
That bill would be obnoxious to the objection
more clearly than this, if this be obnoxious to
it. I do not say that that bill is objectionable ;
but there is a bill that authorizes a monument
to be admitted free of duty. Other monuments
are not admitted free of duty. It is a differ-
ent case ; but we heard not a word from the
Senator from Wisconsin then. That bill passed
without objection ; and even the Senator from
Vermont, who I am sorry to say now, after
having supported the bill for the relief of
Chicago, is disposed to oppose a bill under
like circumstances for the city of Boston, even
he favored this bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow j
me a word ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand the fact
to be, and am so informed, that this statue is
substantially public property ; it is purchased
by officers of the Government, and is to be
placed on Government grounds, and if so, it
falls within the principle which has always been
practiced, that the Government does not
charge itself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is Admiral Porter
that is authorized to import this monument
free of duty. The fact that he is going to dis-
pose of it by giving it to the public does not
change it; nor does the fact that the monu-
ment is purchased by the contributions of men
who happen to be in the public service change
it at all. It is not a monument provided by
the Government of the United States ; it is not
paid for by the funds of the United States, but
it is a monument procured through the efforts
of private persons who may or may not belong
to the public service ; probably some of them
do, but that does not change the character of
the transaction.
Now, Mr. President, it seems to me very
clear that there is nothing in this bill that
interferes at all with the provision of the Con-
stitution which declares that all duties shall
be uniform. The bill does not interfere with
that provision in terms, it is very certain, for
it makes no provision whatever for a change
of the amount of duties. Then does it inter-
fere with it by allowing a drawback under
certain circumstances? I say not, because
that drawback is uniform to all the people of
the United States, and men residing out of
Boston as well as in Boston have the benefit
of it. Anybody who thinks proper to erect a
building on this burnt district will have the
benefit of this bill, no matter who he is. It
is uniform to everybody, and it is in entire
harmony with the legislation of the Govern-
ment from its foundation. It is in entire
harmony, as I said, with the laws allowing a
drawback upon salt. It is in entire harmony
with the law which I believe we have passed—
it has been agitated at any rate, and I have
never heard any constitutional objection to
it—to allow a drawback upon materials that
go into the building of ships. The fact that
the drawback is in reference to buildings that
are to be erected in the city of Boston does
not change the uniformity of the levying of
the duty. It is uniform to all the people of
the country. The object of the clause declar-
ing that duties shall be uniform throughout
the United States was to prevent a discrimin-
ation between people living in one part of the
United States and another—between the peo-
ple, not as to the thing. It was that they
should be uniform as to all persons throughout
the United States. Another clause of the
Constitution provides that there shall be no
discrimination between ports of the United
States ; but that is another feature.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the honorable
Senator allow me to interrupt him at that
point? If it will annoy him at all I will not
do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all.
Mr. CARPENTER. I supposed not.
I do not claim that this bill violates the
provision of the Constitution to which the
Senator last refers about ports ; but here is a
provision that "all duties, imposts, and ex-
cises shall be uniform throughout the United
States." It is well known that the object of
that provision was to put all the States on the
I same footing. It was seen at once that with-
! out such a provision the western States would
have to pay tribute to New York and other
seaboard States. The latter might levy such
excessive rates of duties as to destroy the
commerce of the West. It <vas inserted, there-
fore, to put all States on the same footing. It
is not that it shall bear uniformly upon all the
people of the United States, but it shall be
uniform throughout the United States ; that is,
territorily.
Now,I desire to put this question: suppose
a law should be passed by Congress that every
man who Was engaged in manufacturing in the
! State of Massachusetts for the next five years
1 should have a drawback upon all articles
which he imported and which should be man-
ufactured in the State of Massachusetts, what
! would be the effect of such a provision?
| To hurry all the manufacturers of the Union
into Massachusetts. That is one of the very
' things which this section of the Constitution
\ was designed to prevent. Uniformity through-
| out the United States would prevent one State
building itself up by legislation which applied
only to that State. But if the Senator's ,
theory is a sound one, if such a bill is consti- I
; tutional because all the people of the United
: States may go to Boston and have the benefit
of it, then Congress might to-morrow establish
a monopoly in the manufacturing business of
any article in any State by providing that every
, man who should import a raw material to be
j manufactured in that State Bhould have a
! drawback. That is the very thing, or at least
, one of the important things, which this pro-
1 vision of the Constitution was intend to pre-
vent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it was intended
to prevent a discrimination in favor of one
portion of the people against another in the
payment of duties ; but I have already stated
that this bill has nothing to do with the pay-
ment of duties. It is based entirely upon
another principle, that of allowing drawbacks
under certain circumstances which, in the
judgment of Congress, are such as to warrant
drawbacks. We must look at the thing, not at
mere words. We are after the principle.
That Senator says it is perfectly legitimate
to allow a drawback on salt because you can
cure your fish anywhere. We know that is
not so. We know that the benefit of the draw-
back upon salt is confined to people in a par-
ticular locality in this country; the Senator
knows it, and we all know it; and we know
that allowing a drawback upon articles that go
into the building of ships is for the benefit of
particular portions of the country, because
there are States where 110 ships can be built.
It is the reason of the thing that we must look
at, and these drawbacks have been allowed
from the very beginning of the Government.
My colleague referred at the last session of
Congress to a list, 1 think of perhaps fifty
cases, of the passage of bills involving the same
principle as this.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to ask the Senator
a question for information. If a law creating
duties was passed which contained an oxcep-
tion providing that such articles as are em-
braced in the bill and that might be used in the
city of Boston should come in free of duty,
would not that be a violation of the Consti-
tution ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps it would, be-
cause that would be in reference to the col-
lection of duties; it would involve another
question.
Mr. MORTON. One thing further. Sup-
pose the bill did not make that exception, but
contained this further provision, that such
articles as were imported at the port of Bos-
ton and were consumed in that city should
have a drawback. I ask the Senator what
would be the difference in principle, so far as
this provision of the Constitution is concerned,
whether you make the exception in the bill
that levies the duties or add a provision to it
that such goods as are consumed in Boston
shall have a drawback? I ask if there can be
any possible difference in principle between
the two cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The case the Senator
puts would clearly be unconstitutional if it were
provided that the goods imported at Boston
should haveadrawback, because anotherclause
of the Constitution comes in preventing any
discrimination. It is not by putting extreme
cases that we are to arrive at a proper con-
struction of the Constitution. The Constitution
acts upon general principles, lays down general
rules. The detail of legislation belongs to the
legislative body acting under the Constitution.
Now, there is a different principle that comes
into operation when we speak of drawbacks.
Drawbacks are allowed, and always have been,
under certain circumstances. That interferes
in one sense with the uniformity of the duty,
you may say. It doeR not interfere directly
with the uniformity of the duty, because the
duty is collected and is uniform, and the draw-
back is another thing. It has never been sup-
posed that when a proper case arose, in which,
in the opinion of Congress, acting for the
great interests of the country and its general
prosperity, it was necessary to allow a draw-
back upon a particular article by reason of its
being adapted or applied to a particular use,
the Constitution of the United States was vir>
lated in the clause providing for the levying
of uniform taxes by the allowance of a draw-
back. And this is one of those great cases.
The Senator from Indiana may put particular
cases carrying the principle to an extent which
nobody would justify ; but when a great event
like this happens, when an earthquake, as was
the case some years ago, sunk a part of the
State of Missouri, near New Madrid, when
farms and houses went down, Congress came
to the relief of that people. And when a
great fire, almost marvelous in the history of
the world, has swept over a great city like
Boston or Chicago, Congress has deemed that
a proper occasion for the exercise of its power
to allow a drawback. I think this presents
one of those occasions, and it does not look
to me like a violation of the Constitution.
Now let me put a case to the Senator from
Indiana to show the justice of a provision of
this kind. There was in the city of Chicago,
previous to the fire which occurred a year ago,
a very beautiful building just being finished.
