1140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
brought to the city, and the tax oil house-owners,
amounting to about fifty per cent, of the rent col-
lected.
. To properly conduct the office, the consul must pay
at least $4,400 for rent and clerk hire alone.
In this communication I can only state general
conclusions, but the details establishing these facts
can be readily furnished.
I trust that the committee will consider these facts
and insert in the appropriation bill a section making
such an allowance as they may deem just.
1 have the honor to be, very respectfully,
„ P. 8. POST.
Washington, December 5.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We have
just adopted an amendment, on the motion of
the Senator from Missouri, increasing the
amount that may be paid for rent to twenty
per cent, upon the salary of the consul. If
such letters as the one which has just been read
by the Clerk will produce an increase of three
hundred and thirty-three per cent, on the
amount of the salaries of officers abroad, I
think you will find a very large amount of
correspondence in the State Department next
7 year. I have no doubt that the gentleman
who holds this office is abundantly qualified to
bold it; but he understood himself before he
■went abroad, and he understood the amount
of salary fixed for the office. There are no
offices under the Government so much sought
after as these European consulates. I pre-
sume every Senator has more or less impor-
tunity every week from men distinguished for
their scholarly acquirements or for their com-
mercial ability, asking as a great favor that
they may be sent abroad. Shall we, on the
mere presentation of such a letter as this, grant
this gentleman three times and $500 more
than his present salary, which I find by the
Blue Book is fixed at $1,500, and in addition
a large increase of the amount of rental he
may be authorized to pay out? It seems to
me entirely improper. If we are to raise the
salaries of our consuls abroad—and I admit
that perhaps there is an inequality among
them, and that some of them ought to be
raised, and probably this one—this is not the
way to do it. The question should be consid-
ered by a committee, and they should determ-
ine what is just aud right by all the gentlemen
who hold these positions abroad, aud not be-
cause there is to be a great exposition in
Vienna the coming year, fix upon the Govern-
ment a larger salary than they would other-
wise pay.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should like
to ask the Senator from California whether
this sum was recommended by the State De-
partment?
. Mr. COLE. I am not sufficiently advised
in regard to that to answer at present, but I
will find an answer to the Senator's inquiry in
* .roonient. I state, however, that the
bill as it is reported here came to the Senate
from the House and there was no alteration
made in the text of the bill by the Senate com-
mittee. This is an amendment to the law
which was put on the bill in the House.
The Senator who has just taken his seat
hit upon the ground that governed the House,
I presume, and certainly the committee of the
Senate to some extent in increasing this sal-
ary. There is to be, during the next year, at
the capital of Austria a very great exposition.
j J11 a" probability excel anything of the
kind that has ever taken place in the world ;
and I am glad to state to the Senate that
the consideration that the authorities there
have given the United States in connection
with that matter should meet with some
reciprocity. They have, for example, as-
signed to the United Sta* , in my judgment,
the very best portion of the buildings that are
erected for that exposition. The part next
to the city of Vienna is set apart for the Uni-
ted States, and the people of all other nations
in reaching their products on exhibition will
necessarily pass through the portion assigned
to tiie United States.
These things, and many others which might
be mentioned, but which I will not detain the
Senate to allude to at present, should in ray
judgment govern us in fixing the salary at the
amount named in the bill. The visitors, and
I presume they will be very numerous from
this country to VienDa during the next two or
three or four _years, will have to receive the
attention of this officer of this Government at
that place. .They will need and will call upon
him for his attention, and in many cases for
his assistance, and he should not be restricted
in his ability 'to meet their requirements by a
meager salary of a thousand or two thousand
dollars. The salary of $5,000 for the de-
mands that will be made upon him, it seems
to me, will be but very small at best.
Mr. CONKLING. How long will the ex-
position last?
Mr. COLE. I do not know how long it
will last, but its effects will last for several
years. We know that the exhibitions of Lon-
don and Paris were for but a few months, less
than a year, and still they were kept open and
the exhibitions actually continued longer than
the one year, and the objects of interest that
were exhibited there attracted people to those
countries afterward.
Now, the consuls at Liverpool, at London,
at Paris, at Berlin, have large salaries; and
though it is very rarely indeed that I advocate
the raising of salaries, yet the reasons in this
case, it seems to me, are peculiar. The Sen-
ator from Vermont need not expect a whole
flood of applications of this kind comingfrom
the State Department next year. This case is
clearly exceptional.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator from Ver-
mont moves to amend the bill by striking out
all after the word "America " in line one hun-
dred and six to the end of line one hundred
and seven, as follows:
And hereafter the salary of the consul at Vienna
shall be $5,000.
The question is on that amendment.
Several Senators; Let us divide.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
the amendment. I see there is not a quorum
present.
Mr. ROBERTSON. By permission of the
Senator who has the bill in charge, I offer an
amendment, which has been referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, the object of
which is to put Russia, which now has a first-
class mission, on the same footing with the
other missions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
amendment come from a standing committee?
Mr. ROBERTSON. It is offered by con-
sent of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let it be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is on
page 3, line fifty-four, after the word " Ger-
many" to insert "Russia."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This, it will
be seen, is to give the minister at Russia an
assistant secretary, the same as there have
been at France, Great Britain, and Germany.
Mr. SCHURZ. I do not think there is pro-
vision made for an assistant secretary in Ger-
many.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL of Maine. There should be
a verbal amendment in the fifth line, to strike
out the word " and."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. CONKLING. I offer an amendment
which, although it does not increase a salary,
I hope will be adopted, I offer it to come in
either at the end of the bill or at the end of
the line marked on it, as shall be most appro-
priate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
| The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert—
That no consular officer shall horeafter grant a
certificate for goods, wares, or merchandise shipped
from countries adjacent to the United States, which
have passed a consulate after shipment.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, although
the amendment requires the sanction of no
committee, it has the sanction of all the mem-
bers of the Committee on Commerce who
could be consulted in regard to it, and as the
Senate may not have attended closely to the
reading, I can state in a moment its object.
Under the law as it is now, a purchaser of
goods in the provinces avoids the consul near
his purchase and selects his own consul, com-
ing it may be all the way down to the border,
and there he gets a certificate ; and in a report
which I have here, but will not read unless it
may be necessary, it is stated that this leads,
as we can very readily see it would be likely to
lead, to an unwholesome condition of thiugs.
A shipper who buys in the neighborhood of a
consul, for some reason wishes to evade him,
and passes him by, and passes by all the con-
suls until he comes to the last one on the route
that he may choose, and there he gets his cer-
tificate.
My friend from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] sug-
gests to me that the words " after shipment,"
at the close of the amendment, should be
stricken out. Perhaps so ; but the point is
that every man who buys goods in the prov-
inces to ship to this country shall get his con-
sular certificate from the consul nearest to
the place where he buys them ; that he shall
not pass one consul after another, and finally
select his own consul ultimately at the most
distant place from the point of purchase and
get his certificate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It seems to me
there is an obvious propriety in the amend-
ment as stated, but the query in my mind is
whether the amendment accomplishes it.
Mr. CONKLING. It was not prepared by
me but by the author of this report, as I sup-
pose. Let me read it again :
That no consular officer shall hereafter grant a
certificate for goods, wares, or merchandise shipped
from countries adjacent to the United States, which
have passed a consulate after shipment.
It occurs to me now, I will say to my friend
from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] that the words
''after shipment" are necessary; otherwise
the goods, having passed a consulate before
they were purchased, in the hands of the ori-
ginal owner for example, might be required to
go back and have a consular certificate in the
place where they started.
Mr. HAMLIN. This matter is one with
which I have been somewhat familiar. It was
long under consideration in the Committee on
Commerce when I was connected with that
committee, and in other ways I have had what
I deem abuses brought to my attention, and
I think the amendment of the Senator from
New York is eminently proper. Now I ask
the Senator to give me his attention as to the
iatter words.
You have got your consuls and your vice
consuls all over Canada, but the practice is
that goods are taken from the immediate
points at which a consul or a vice consul re-
sides, and they are taken by another consul,
and perhaps another vice consul, until the
owner of the goods finds a consul whose cer-
tificate he chooses to get. There may be col-
lusion. At all events, the consular certificate
is one as to the value of the goods at the port
of shipment, and the consul or the consular
agent who resides at the port where the goods
are originally sold ought to know better what
is the value there than another consul at a,
remote point.
on-
yon r
Now I think the latter words are obiecti
able m this point of view: when are y0ui
goods shipped? They are put upon cars"aud
transported from Toronto or from any one
point to another; but in the eye of the lav?
are they shipped goods until you get the con-
