176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
pay the insurance to these property-holders,
urc not equally entitled to the bounty of J
Congress. _ _ I
Then comes the question as to the constitu-
tional power. 1 am inclined to think that the
Senator from Wisconsin is correct in his view
of it, although I aui by no means so certain of
it as he is. Substantially I suppose, if we have
the right to make a benefaction at all, to say
that we give a sum equal to the amount of the
drawback, $400,000, which is estimated to be
the sum which will go to Chicago, we would
have a right, on the assumption that we can do
it at all, to take out of the Treasury S100,000,
an amouut equal to the drawback on the ma
terial to be received at the port of Boston and
Charlestown according to this bill. What
difference in substance is there whether we
pass a law that that amount of duty shall not
go into the Treasury, or a law that when it
has gone in it shall come out?
But we are met with the technical difficulty
that the Constitution says we shall lay duties
and imposts uniformly. Well, we do so techni-
cally ; we fulfill the technical requirement, and
if there is no difference in point of substance
in the two cases I have supposed it might be
argued that the constitutional difficulty is got
over. It seems to me the case here is not
like the case put so forcibly by the Senator
from Wisconsin, of a man's having the right
to vote putting his vote in and not having it
counted. That is not voting. But the very
object of putting these duties in the Treasury
ia to take them out. That is just what they
are put in there for.
Therefore, while I am inclined to agree with
the Senator from Wisconsin, I do not think
the subject is as clear as he supposes it to be;
and in looking into the books 1 find there is a
good deal of question about it. I find that
Story on the Constitution says that just what
"duties, imposts, and excises" mean is a
very doubtful question ; and I have an author-
ity here where it was decided by Justice Chase
and Justice Paterson that Congress is at per
feet liberty to lay taxes, duties, and imposts
a3 it pleases, with the exception of duties on
exports. So there are two sides to this ques-
tion, and if there were not other objections to
tliis bill I should vote for the motion of the
Senator from Ohio to have that constitutional
question referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
But my objection to the bill is this : we have
passed a law, and it is a contract with the
manufacturers of this country, that they shall
have a certain amount of protection. They
have fulfilled their part of the contract; they
have paid the duty on the raw material of
which the articles that are to be used to sup-
ply the devastation of the fire at Boston are
made, lead pipes, paint, glass, locks, &c.; and
we having passed that law and they having
paid the tax, we now propose to say to them,
" We will keep your money and we will au-
thorize an importer right alongside of you to
se! 1 twenty per cent, cheaper than you pos-
sibly can. We have taken your money ; we
have got that in the Treasury ; we have made
those goods cost you that much more, and
having done that, we will authorize an im-
porter of foreign goods to sell twenty or thirty
per cent, cheaper than you possibly can."
I say it is a violation of an implied contract;
and the only way that this law could be made
just in that regard would be to amend it in
this wise, which I suppose in its workings
would be impracticable : to amend it so as to
.say that any American manufacturer who sells ,
goods that are used in the burnt district of ;
Boston shall be paid back out of the Treasury
of the United States the amount that he had I
paid into it for the raw material of which those j
manufactured goods are made. Then we
should not be unjust to the manufacturer.
The true way is, if we want to do an act of
benefaction to Boston, get rid of all these con-
stitutional difficulties, get rid of this difficulty
of doing injustice to the manufacturer, to vote
a gross sum out of therTeasury. That, meas-
ure I would vote for if it was a sum that met
my approval.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, for a
Ions; time after the Constitution was formed,
such a question as this never arose. The
foresight of man did not predict it, and fortu-
nately nothing occurred in the history of the
nation to present it. Famines in other lands
and earthquakes, with attendant suffering, and
appeals for aid, did occur; they tried and
illustrated some of the powers of Congress, but
the question now before us did not arise till
the country was appalled by the conflagration
at Portland. Then, as we saw by reference to
the record during the consideration of the
Chicago bill, without much pause, discussion,
or deliberation, an act was passed which
stands, in part at least, as a precedent for the
bill before us. Even after the question had
thus been acted on, it associated itself in the
minds of men only with those rare and possi-
bly never-recurring epochs which would be too
far apart to constitute stepping-stones in a
current of legislation. Nothing like a doc-
trine, or a construction of any provision of the
Constitution, came from the Portland fire.
When Chicago burned, we were told it was an
event isolated in history, something absolutely
by itself, almost a miracle. I remember some
Senator saying that the atmosphere itself was
on fire, and that the burning and protracted
drought, and the almost miraculous condition of
things, made the jjestruction of Chicago a fell
dispensation of Providence, never to be equaled
by continuing and ordinary causes, but a visit-
ation to remain in time solitary, with no fore-
runner and no follower.
See what a satire has now been written upon
these forecastings of the future! Not in the
parched season, not in a torrid month, but
when the rains had descended and the floods
of approaching winter had beat upon Boston,
when ordinary and favoring conditions had
charge over it, a city built of stone, it melted
and crumbled in flames. No supernatural or
preternatural signs or wonders were seen, but
an accidental fire, in cold, wet weather, laid
blocks and squares of massive structures in
ruins. Again legislation is asked to the end
that losses may be repaired by rebuilding with
material to be imported duty free.
Thus for a third time within a few years we
meet the question, so long in making its ap-
pearance, and which when it did appear was
supposed to be a stranger so unlikely ever to
return. We are now sufficiently admonished
that the subject is one not to be dismissed by
action which may be excused because of the
novelty and pressing importance of a single
case, and excused, too, by the sensibilities
which may plead against bad consequences
too vague and remote to be essential elements
in the votes we give.
We are bound, it seems to me, to ascertain
for the future the limits of our power in a class
of cases, and therefore I shall vote for the
motion to refer the subject to the committee
which is the proper agent of the Senate to
gather the authorities and reasons upon which
a legal question may be best determined. In
one sense it cannot be regretted that the ques-
tion, if come it must, arises in the case of the
city of Boston, because we all know and feel
that if there be one community in the nation as
certain as any other to be content with what-
ever is right, and to ask nothing more, it is the
community especially interested in this pro-
posed enactment.
1 will not discuss at any length the questions
which I think should go to the Committee on
the Judiciary. If I have an impression in
regard to them, strengthened somewhat by re-
flection since the consideration of the Chicago
bill, it is not so strong as to enable me to con-
cur with all that wus said yesterday by my
gifted friend from Wisconsin who usually sits
behind me, [Mr. Carpenter.] Reargues the
case in a way to dismiss all doubt from his
mind, and his argument results in a clear and
irreconcilable conflict between the Constitu-
tion and the provisions of the bill. I have no
impression so strong as his. I venture, how-
ever, to make some observations to which per-
haps I should not have been moved had not
my friend from Wisconsin, who I see now in
his seat, said this morning that he rested no
argument upon the provision of the Constitu-
tion touching preference given to particular
ports. The honorable Senator undoubtedly
made that remark without having before him
the particular language of this bill, and with-
out, I venture to say, understanding that it is
expressly provided here that the favored im-
portations are to be made at a certain port,
and at that port alone.
Mr. CARPENTER. I supposed when I
was speaking of the bill that it had been
amended in the committee just as the Chicago
bill was. This bill is clearly unconstitutional
within the admission of the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Trumbull] himself.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me read the pro-
vision of the Constitution to which I refer,
and then read the proposed words :
" No preference shall be given by any regulation
of commerce or revenue to the ports of one State
over those of another."
That is the Constitution. Now read the
bill:
That there shall be allowed and paid, under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribe, on all materials imported into the port
and district of Boston and Charlestown, to be used,
and actually used, in the construction and comple-
tion of buildings erected on the site of buildings
burned by the fire of November 9 and 1U, 1872, a
drawback of the import duties paid on the same.
j How can it be said that between the pro-
hibition read from the fundamental law, and
I the proposed enactment, there is no apparent
contradiction deserving grave consideration ?
I must say that to my mind there is a serious
conflict not merely verbal or formal between
those provisions, and I may say, without dis-
respect to any Senator who has participated
in the discussion, that if that apparent conflict
can be reconciled it is to be by some argument
which it has not been my fortune to hear thus
far in the debate.
Where, Mr. President, are the precedents
, for such a provision as this? The honorable
Senator from Illinois who sits farthest from
me [Mr. Logan] on another occasion read
many supposed precedents for the Chicago bill
then pending. I will not stop to classify those
precedents. I incline to think that they can
be divided into three or four classes, which
will embrace nearly all of them, and every one
of which will be distinguishable from this and
distinguishable from the Portland and Chicago
acts. An enactment that duties may be re-
mitted upon iron to be used in the construction
of a Government road does not touch the ques-
tion before us. It falls within the power of
Congress to import apparatus or material to
be used in the construction or operation of the
Post Office, the Mint, the dock-yards, the
arsenals, the other instrumentalities of the
United States. I am not sure that even the
bill passed yesterday and reconsidered this
morning, in reference to a monument, has any
legal analogy to the pending bill. Why ?
Because under the general uniform law as it
stands, if I mistake not, that monument might
come in duty free, and if there be any reason
why it might not, it is because it is not to be
donated to a municipality or city.
The law as it stands now—I speak not from
recent reference to it, but from general recol-
lection—permits the importation free ofduty of
all monuments and works of art alike, no mat-
ter by whom imported, so that they be imported
to be given to a city or municipality, or possi-
bly a State. This monument, to be erected at
the Naval Academy, and not, as I understand,
to be in form given to the city of Annapolis,
might not be techanically within that provision ;
but it seems to me that it is so near the spirit
