1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
177
of theprovision that we do not encounter a
constitutional objlbtion by saying in a given
case this- wort of art may come in, no matter
by whom it is designed, no matter by whom it
is paid fbr, without payment of doty, just as it
would under the general law provided it was
to be presented to a municipal corporation or
some other corporation' already authorized by
law to receive it.
So all, or most of the other precedent, I
incline to think may be distinguished from ■
this case, whatever form thfc bill may take. '
But I inquire where is the precedent for saying 1
that all materials, without naming them, hn- '
ported for a certain time, at a certain port in
one State and no other, shall be favored above
all merchandise imported at other ports,
though for the same use?
It has been said that all people will be at
liberty to import building material and nse it
in structures in the city of Boston. Yes ; bat
that does not help this difficulty; it does not
help the fact that here is a proposition to allow
all persons, if you please—although I doubt
whether that is in a constitutional sense the
meaning [of the bill—to import at lesser rates,
provided they import at or through the port
of a certain State and no other. What is the
answer to this objection ? We have not heard it.
Mr. MORTON. To be used in a certain
city.
Mr. CONKLING. To be need in a certain
city; bat the Senator will observe I elim-
inate that point now in order to present more
clearly another objection. I will eradicate from
the case the objection arising under the pro-
vision to which the Senator alludes. I will as-
same that there is no difficulty such as he now
suggests-. Suppose the imports were to be used
everywhere alike in all burnt districts is all
the States, make it as general and universal 88
yoa coold make it, but nevertheless fettered
by the restriction that the imports most come
to and through the ports'of a certain State,
and then I ask how it can be said that our
power is elear in view of the constitutional
injunction that no preference shall be given
by any regulation of commerce or revenue to
the ports of one State over those of another ?
But, again, look at other words of the Con-
stitution :
" The Coripregs shall have power to lay and col-
lect taxes, duties, impost*, and excites, to pay the
debts and provide for the common defense and gen-
eral welfare of the United States; but all duties,
imposts, and excises shall be nniform throughout
the United States."
How is that answered 1 By saying' that all
men may go Co Boston and ereot buildings ott
the burnt district; and therefore it is Uniform
throughout the United States? I inquire
whether that is not a mere evasion, whether it-
is not to«ircamvent and outwit the Constitu-
tion ? Let ns see. Is it- true even in legal
intendment—we know it to be false in fact—^
that all the people of the United States may
go and erect structnres upon a limited district
in the oity of Boston, which is all held now by
fixed title m fee-simple? It was said to be
like tbe drawback on salt used to cure fish.
Not a* all. Why? Because curing fish, buy-
ing and selling, and eating fish, is open to
every citizen of the Republic. Fish are not
caught on land; they swim in waters; they
are caught in the public highways, in the seas:
and in theory of law and in fact the capital and
the industry of any State aud every State may
be embarked in caring fish. Bat it may be
said, fish in troth are chiefly caught near tbe
coast of certain States. Yes. That, however,
is a mere geographical and natural accident.
Cotton grows only south of a certain line. Will
it be said that an excise on cotton is not uni-
form because cotton does not grow in the State
of my honorable friend from Iowa? No, sir,
that will not do. The Almighty; in making
the map of the world, has put different States
in different regions; and climate, zone, and
providential edict, determine the locality of
products, add it' is no answer to say that
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 12.
fish are caught on the banks of Newfound-
land, and that these banks more nearly
adjoin the State of Maine than the State of
Ohio, and therefore a drawback on salt used
in curing fish is not nniform within the intent
of the Constitution.
Mt. THURMAN. Pish are eaten all over
the country.-
Ml. CONKLING. Yes, sir, not only eaten 1
all over the country, but the capital, the money '
the industry,"the activities of all the States of
the Unioh and of all the citizens of those
States, in theory of law and in fact, may be
invested in that traffic precisely as much, as 1
my friend behind me suggests, as in the whale
fisheries, although a very small district of
country in New England furnishes now nearly
all the capital invested in the remnant of a
once a great equipment engaged in the whaling
trade. Another answer has been given us.
We are told that the bill does not affect duties,
but only the remission of duties. It is said
that we may allow favored individuals or ;
classes to escape duties imposed on others by !
the simple process of agreeing to refund them.
By this method it is said the Constitution will
be satisfied and the whole difficulty cured.
Applied, Mr. President, to ordinary transac-
tions between you and me, the arrangement
would be this: you pay me so much money
upon an express previous agreement that I
will pay it right back to you, and this shall be
held to be a legal and effective payment! Can
this be ? Can it be if the Constitution means
things, and is not a mere joggle of words, that
you satisfy its mandate by saying all Quakers,
j or all lawyers, or all men with bine eyes who
import merchandise, must to be sure, pay the
duties, but upon the declaration and stipula-
tion in advance that these duties shall all
be paid rigfet back"? In order to test this
idea it is nott extreme but only fair to take a
case where the Constitution would clearly be
violated without such a mode of proceeding.
Therefore, I take the case—undoubtedly a vio-
lation of the Constitution—of saying that the
Senator from Indiana may for a year import
goods ad libitum, free- of duty ; and I ask
whether there the objection wonld be obviated
by saying to him " You must pay your duties,
every cent; yon must do it with particular and
: special formality, but we agree beforehand
l that they shall be handed right back to you ?"
It seems to me if the argument by which this
bill is to be vindicated is so far gone, it may
be described by tbe language of the old indict-
ments for murder, "it languishes and lan-
guishingly does live."
As I said before, I speak without the confi-
dence I might feel with fuller opportunity to
investigate the question, and larger opportu-
nity to learn from those more competent to
solve it; but I submit, after the admonitions
we have had that these bill's may not be of as
rare occurrence as once might have been
hoped, we had better subject the matter to
such process of correct solution as the Senate
has at command.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I desire
to say a few words upon this subject, and only
a few. I shall not stop to discuss the consti-
tutional branch of the question. That has
already been ably discussed. Neither shall I
undertake to discuss what sfeems to me to be
a discrimination or an- inequality in the work-
ings of this measure in favor of large and pros-
perous and powerful communities gathered
together in cities, whose voice can be easily
heard here, and against younger and smaller
cities, who one day may become the equals or
the rivals of these larger cities if they have a
fair chance, whose voice cannot be heard. I
desire to pass to other views of the case.
Fire is not the only agency of destruction
against which humanity has to guard. Along
the banks of the Mississippi river, in the State
which I have the honor in part to represent,
in the State of Mississippi, and in the State of
Louisiana, we have a large class of people—it
is true they are scattered over a vast area,
not collected together in cities—who cultivate
the fields, who endure the burning rays of an
almost tropical sun, who literally mingle their
sweat with the soil; a people who not infre-
quently are subjected to visitations of quite as
disastrous a character as these which we have
now under consideration; a people who are
compelled to look upon the spectacle of all
their labor, all their hopes, everything with
which they expect to clothe and feed their
wives and families, swept away by the resist-
less waves of that great river.
Why not grant a relief to that class of men ?
Has there ever been any measure offered here
to give them relief? It is true that year after
year they have raised their voice and asked
you in a constitutional way to confine to their
legitimate channel the waters of this great
river, which is the property of the country, and
the use of which benefits and belongs to the
whole country, but their voice is not heard.
Now, it seems to me that if we are to adopt a
course of the kind here proposed we ought to
agree upon some general measure that would
apply to all alike, the poor and the few, and
the weak as well as the strong, and the many
and the great.
I am not opposed to charity, I am in favor
of charity, but I Want that charity which will
be equal in its application, and which will be
within the reach of the few and the weak as
well as'the powerful and the great and the rich.
It seems to me, Mr. President, in View of
these considerations, and in view of the other
considerations, which have been expressed so
forcibly here, and more particularly in view of
the constitutional objection which has been
raised by the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin, and which in spite of all that has been said
appears to me still to confront us—I say it
seems to me in view of these facts that it is
time we should drive off this class of legisla-
tion which is so unequal and discriminating in
its effect. I know not what others may do;
but, so far as I am concerned, unless I get
further light on this subject I am resolved to
record my vote against this measure and all
future measures Of the same character.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President,. I ask unan-
imous consent to amend the bill before the
vote is taken on the motion to refer. I desire
to strike out in the fifth line the words "im-
ported into the port and district of Boston and
Charlestown," so that the bill will apply to im-
portations anywhere and everywhere.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stewart
in the chair.) That amendment will be made
if there be no objection.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not the pending ques-
tion a motion to refer ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. But the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts asks unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to with-
hold unanimous consent, but I suggest that we
had better vote on the motion to refer as the
motion is made, and let us test it fairly on
that, because if we take out one after another
the objections made to the bill, of course it
weakens the motion to refer, which I think
ought to prevail. I will not object, however.
Mr. WILSON. I will not press the amend-
ment now. I desired to take away an objection
made to the bill, I think by the Senator from
New York himself.
Mr. President, before this vote is taken I
wish to say a word or two. In the first place,
I regret to hear what I have heard in the Sen-
ate in regaW to this bill. The Senator from
Arkansas [Mr. Clayton] this morning objects
to the bill because we have not appropriated
money to dam up the Mississippi river, or
rather to keep it within its banks. I think
when the Senator presents a practical bill on
that subject he is likely to have votes without
any reference to locality; certainly mine,
without any reference to locality, for in my
action here I do not know any such thing in
