1142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
doeks, by which iron naval ami commercial steam-
ers can be built as cheaply in the United States as
in Europe; and to establish acini-weekly transat-
lantic steamers without other subsidy than the post-
ages arising from mail matter, as now authorized by
law:
Office International Steamship Co..
"Washington, March 6,1871.
Sir: The International Steamship Company, in-
corporated by the State of New Jersey, and duly
organized with full! legal powers to- carry out the
acts hereinafter named, hereby propose to contract
with the United States as follows;
The said International Steamship Company will
forthwith erect at a suitable place, having deep-
water frontage, secured irom running ice in winter,
an iron-ship building-yard, with capacity to con-
struct. build, and equip the largest naval and com-
mercial steamers or sailing vessels. The said build-
ing-yards shall be inclosed, and within the limits
shall bo notless than three building-docks, having
capacity to float steamers and sailing vessels often
thousand tons. The said docks shall be of the most
improved construction, with improved means tor
inlet and exhaust of water, that vessels of large class
may be built therein and floated without the risk
of launching. Around and contiguous to the said
docks shall be the workshops and machmcry .suit-
able and requisite for constructing steam-engines,
from the largest to the smallest size, for marine and
other purposes, as also for fitting, erecting, ond put-
ting together the frames, the exterior and interior
parts, to form the complete hulls of vessels of any
and of  11 kinds to be built within the said docks.
There shall be within the said yard one or more
''blast" or other furnaces, of the most improved
form, for smelting, in which ores of such kinds as
the best experience or highest science shall demon-
strate can be blended to make iron of the greatest
.possible firmness and strength, in every respect,
trom which may be constructed shafts and working
parts of engines which shall bo reliable against any
known strain of weather m using marine engines.
JLhere shall also be lurnaces ior the blending of
ores to form iron plates, slabs, and frames for special
purposes of naval and commercial use.
There shall be rolling-milis for making angle
frames, beams, bars, brackets, and other forms
lecessary to perfect the interior framing and ar-
rangements of the largest iron-clad navai andcom-
uaeroial steam and other vessels.
There shall be rolling-mills capable of making
plates ot the greatest length and width to which
they can be wrought, for the exterior and interior
plating of steamers and other vessels.
There shall be one copper-rolling mill capable of
producing such special forms of bar, slab, and sheet
copper as are specially required for naval purposes.
i.ne blast furnaces anct other preliminary works
to form the iron into pigs and blooms shall bo on
ground sutlieicntly elevated, and so arranged as to
pass the iron, m its different conditions on tram-
ways, by ltsown gravitation, to the rolling-mills and
<team hammers, and thence to the workshops and
docks, that labor, power, time, and space may be
'.■i&ved, and the greatest economy be arrived at in all
co5?krueuon progressing m said building yards.
ihere shall be one or more foundries for casting
ordnance from iron made from blended ores, lighter
m the mass, but superior in strength and force to
ordnance now used.
There shall bo such other sheds, workshops, and
machinery as may be necessary lor the creation of
iron structures needful to the Government, or for
transportation, or other uses.
Ihere shall bewithmthesaidyardsuchworkshops
tor the preparation, putting together, and erecting
in place on board ship, such wood ship-carpentry
anriMi°iner 8w°i\masting and spars, rigging, sail,
and other work, as shall be requisite to complete and
equip, ready for sea, the steamers and vessels to be
built m find yard.
The said yards, docks, foundries, sheds, and work-
shops shall at all times give preference to the work
or toe .Navy Department, and when necessity re-
quires the same to be completed in less time than
lias; been agreed for by contract or otherwise, such
facilities and numbers uf men shall be forthwith
provided therefrom as said yards can supply, and as
®ccj"ctary of the JSLtvyshall deem adequate, and
at no additional cost, except for the excess in num-
per« of men and of material employed and used:
«hfue^r lhe United States shall bo involved
warVthe Government thereof shall have absolute
ii0nt of control to the exclusion of all other than its
own work for naval &Dd military purposes.
futernat,l0?al Steamship Company shall, as
mflK- ^shops do.ks, furnaces, and rolling-
thn pnn.t ?oienf y Jdvanced therefor, commence
whlnh JlnH K10ni" a.fl.oet ot Ton steamships, six of
£, i 1 telb'1 three thousand five
Of superior speed to the steamers
1? m ? carrying the mails to Europe. Six
hihe' tran,aSPe?d t0 aPy stea™ers engaged
U.n UirWoiSidton"'1 SOmCe• *"J ot "ot ieiS
eifen'S
and the whole number shall be complete and uoon
the routes which shall be determined for th?ir ?e °
vice between tho said company and -the Post OtBco
hereof^"1 tiurty-slx months from the approval
i s.fhef™er °™nt,:d b/;' company shall be sub-
ject to the use ot the Government of the United
Milter, when required by public necessity, upon pav-
-ui' • .lr rcQ1uneration therefor as shall be fixed
by arbitrators mutually chosen, if not first agreed
upon by the company and the Department of Gov-
ernment requiring such use.
For the erection of the building-yards, doeks, and
other structures, the International Steamship Com-
pany will issue five thousand bonds of $1,000 each,
having twenty years to run, bearing six per cent,
annual interest, payable semi-annually by gold cou-
pons, the payment of which shall be secured by a
mortgage in trust to the Secretary of the Treasury
of the united States, and be provided for by a sink-
ing fund to arise from the payment of tho said com-
pany of five per cent, annually upon the amount
of work done and paid for in the said yard after the
same shall be completed. The said mortgage bonds
as issued shall be deposited with the Secretary of
the Treasury, and as required for payments in the
aforesaid purposes shall have the following indorse-
ment on each:
"This bond is secured by a mortgage duly oxe- I
cuted upon the ship-building-yards, piers, docks,
workshops, houses, furnaces, rolling-mills, machin-
ery, tools, implements, and lands of the Interna-
tional Steamship Company, and the payment pro-
vided by a sinking fund of five per cent, upon the
work which maybe executed and paid for annu-
ally in tho said yard, out of which said fund the
interest is to be paid semi-annually, and the collec-
tion and payment thereof is hereby guarantied by
the United States."
The said guarantee shall be signed by the United
States Treasurer. The Secretary of the Treasury
and the Secretary of the Navy shall act as a "com-
mission" fur the delivery of the said bonds, and
such amountshall bo delivered monthly as the com-
pany require and show to be applicable to the pay-
ments for and in the said property as it progresses
in developemeut in its several parts to completion.
To guard against any advance of money by the
United States, and to more rapidly accumulate the
sinking fund, there shall be reserved from all pay-
ments to be made by the Navy Department for
repairs or work done ten per cent, in addition to
the five per cent, tax before provided, which said
amounts shall be deposited in the Treasury ox the
United States to tho credit of tho sinking fund of ,
the company until the said sinking fund shall be j
equal m amount to the amount ot the outstanding
bonds. I
The said commission shall have the power to en-
force the collection of the money provided for by
the five per cent, rate upon the annual amount of
work done in the yards, and the Secretary of the
Navy shall have authority to retain the amount of
ten per cent, upon all work done for the Navy at
prices satisfactory therefor, and a refusal on the part
of thecompany to pay the same atthe time provided
shall be cause, at the discretion of the said commis-
sion, to foreclose the mortgage and sell the said
property, or to take possession thereof on the part
of the United States.
The interest upon the said bonds shall for the first
three years be advanced by the United States, but
shall be repaid in its whole amount by the said com-
pany in equal portions, divided through the remain-
ing term, un til the bonds aforesaid are paid and dis-
charged, and thecompany released from all liability
under the said mortgage
The President of the United States shall appoint
to the special service oi inspection of said building-
yards, docks, buildings, and machinery, an officer of
the Navy competent therefor, whose duty it shall be
to report monthly the progress and condition of said
works, and to inspect and report upon all steamers
intended for oecan mail service, and to report annu-
ally to the Secretary of the Navy, to be laid before
Congress, such improvements or suggestions there-
for m the construction and management of steam-
ers and sailing vessels as will, in his judgment, tend
to increase the commercial marine of the United
otates.
Respectfully submitted :
. AMBROSE W. THOMPSON,
i resident hiteriicitioucil Steamship Company.
Hon. George IVI. Robesox, Secretary oj the Navy*
And whereas the Western Iron Ship and Boat-
building Company have proposed to erect an iron
snip and boat building-yard on the Mitosissipni
river, or one of its tributaries, on the same plans
terms, and conditions as those of the International
Steamship Company; said proposals are set iorth in
Senate Miscellaneous Document, No. 113 of present
session; now, therefore, to secure tho positive con-
struction of said yards to aid American commerce,
and to afford greater facilities for the construction
ana repair ot naval ships and machinery •
be it enacted ly the Senate and House of Eevreient-
utivfK of the United Atatci of America in Congress as-
t lra'S;tjB sai.i yard,s are hereby authorized
to be established on the said plans, terms, and con-
ditions as specified, described, and shown, and the 1
said proposals therefor are hereby accepted: Pro- ,
tinea, lhat tor the purpose of preventing anv i
monopoly in said work and.to aid ship-builders
throughout the United States in continuing to build
wooden ships or steamers, or to enter at any time
upon iron ship-building, there shall bo added in
carry ou,t th,e said proposals thefol-
Jo«.tu obligation, namely, the said company shall 'I
when required, supply to any ship-builder in the '
United States, with reasonable promptness, tho
heavier portions of iron work wrought into specific
forms upon patterns furnished, or steam machinery 1
or the superior metal therefor, upon being paid tho !
 yt'i &r charges required for the production .
th„icof, with five per cent, added thereto as profit
such'S b°,Min ? 1 work re«u'site to enable
such ship-builder to enter upon tho construction of
iron or wooden steamships. The Secretaries of tho
Navy, of War, and of the Treasury are hereby cre-
ated a commission, and directed to carry into effect
the contracts formed under this acceptance of said
proposals, to fulfill and carry out all the provisions
and stinn at.inns for and on the nart. of the United
tions on the part or eacn ui luc sam cumpames re-
spectively, as set forth in their respective proposals :
Provided, That the said commission, or a majority
thereof, shall, before completing details of said con-
tracts with said companies, be satisfied of their abil-
ity, respectively, to fulfill said contract; and if in
the discretion of a majority of tho said commission
they shall deem it for the interest of the Govern-
ment, they may advertise for proposals, and make
contracts with other responsible parties in place of
the parties named upon the plans, terms, and con-
ditions named in the said proposals.
Mr. CKAGIN. Mr. President, this hill (S.
No. 1098) is of such importance to the coun-
try that the proposals which are its foundation
were communicated to the Senate by the Presi-
dent, and twice since that con\mnnication,
have formed the subject of special letters from
the Secretary of the Navy to the Senate com-
mending them as desirable for the economy of
the Navy, and as the first most important and
practical step toward securing the restoration
of our carrying trade and ocean commerce.
Referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
the subject has met that investigation and
consideration which its importance demanded.
A report was made with this bill, but too late
in the second session to be reached; and pos-
sibly too late for the Senators even to read the
report. I therefore, before proceeding with
what [ have to say in support of the measure,
request that this report be read to the Senate
by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee to whom was referred the letter of
the Secretary of the Navy, recommending the pro-
posals of the International Steamship Company for
creating dock and building yards; the resolution of
the Merchants' Exchange, of St. Louis, in favor
thereof, and petitioning for a like yard in tho
W est; the memorial of the Board of Trade of Baton
Kouge, and the petitions of citizens of Memphis,
and other cities and citizens of the valley of the
Mississippi, for the same object; and the proposals
ot the Western Iron Ship and Boat Building Com-
pany, having had the same under consideration,
beg leave to make the following report;
That the proposal of the International Steamship
Company, a corporation duly organized, is to erect at
a place satisfactory to the Government a building-
yard for the creation of iron steamships and other
vessels, whioh shall embrace all the facilities for
converting ores into iron, and the iron into ships,
complete, and ready for service.
This involves the creation of blast and refining
furnaces, of rolling-mills, and the varied and costly
machinery necessary for the construction of hulls
engines, spars, rigging, furniture, and permanent
marine outfitting of vessels, of docks in which steam-
ers of the largest class, including iron-clads. can be
built and floated out without incurring risks of ac-
cidents m launching, which have constituted the
chiei sources of disaster when in service upon the
ocean.
Descriptions, drawings, plans, and details of these
works, the evident results of practical experience,
have been exhibited to the committee, evidencing
system and economy in arrangement, and themeans
by which the ore, flux, and coal will be concerted
nuo refined or wrought iron, in the forms of bars,
or P'ates hefore the smelting heat has been
lost from themetal; and that this iron will bepassed
from ?h°P to shop in its treatment
fC°<;maciune3'Vntl1 ,n its shaped form
Kff 0 purpose it reaches the building-
uock to be lowered to place m the ship with less
manual labor than is now required to convert pig
iron into wrought iron. uvuk j>i„
contronterin?;Vlfif'ortance are f!lrther improvements
S # b? '!"s Company m treating iron, by
which it is believed greater tensile and resistive
strength than has yet been commercially obtained
sell antfSk fo-r„th? framings and platings ofves-
now'used for suchSparposes f ^ kn°Wn f°reie" iron
e JlT ^Provements in metals, it is claimed, will
extend also to the creation of ordnance in found-
yard'winch will yield to the War and
nfs heavy guns of greater strength
and efficiency, at less expenditure tnan has hitherto
been required for their production.
becurmgsuch advantages for the countrv wauM
seem to justify Congress in an appropruSon to the
International Steamship Company of a large «um of
money to give them full effect in these y'ml* ,Wk!
fm-'^ facilities, ail of which nrenrce^arv
for the recovery of our commercial •nd , Vv?I
s rength,. but the company aak no auui muucvcfl
aid. Composed, as wo believe it to he <>f men nf
financial strength, of commercial evuVii^nce of
busmen and scientific ability, U a0ea not cuine be-
