178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
tbe country, and have not since I have been
in this Chamber.
Then, sir, I object to another thing that has
been said. Here is a great calamity that has
come upon Boston. It really hit the motive
power of that city. It is very much like in-
juring the wheel of a great manufacturing
establishment, so that everything haa to stand
still. Nearly every importer in the city of
Boston is burned out. All the great import-
ing housesandthe great manufacturing houses
of that city are leveled in ashes. Now, it is
the interest of Boston, it is the interest of all
the industrial interests of New England and
of this country to build up that city as speedily
as possible. In the next five years I have no
doubt the Government of the United States
will gain more by the speedy building up of
the burnt district than they can possibly lose
in any revenues that may be lost under a bill
like this.
But we are told that this applies to rich
men. I am apt to think that this fire affects
indirectly poor people more largely than it
would do had it burned out two or three times
the extent of houses where people lived. I
have not a doubt about it. There might be
more immediate suffering, but in the year or
two to come there will be found to have been
more sufferings, more loss occasioned by this
fire than there would have been if dwelling
houses had been burned.
Now, sir, as to the question of power. I
believe the men who made the Constitution
intended that no one port, no one section of
the country under equal circumstances should
have any advantage over another. I think
that is what they intended. Certainly, that is
the spirit of the provision. They did not mean
to give one pftrt of the country any advantage
over another part of the country under the
same circumstances, under ordinary circum-
stances. Now, here is a specialty; here is a
great calamity that has smitten one of the
importing cities of the country. It strikes me
that it takes it out of the intention, the philos-
ophy, the purpose for which the provision was
made.
I do not expect a great deal from this bill.
I expect something. I desire to keep lumber
in because I consider that of more account
than any other one item. It was in the Port-
land bill. A strong effort was made to strike
it out there, but it did not prevail. It was
stricken out in the House in the Chicago bill,and
the exception is in that bill. There were special
reasons that appealed strongly to the sense
of Congress in that case. The States of Wis-
consin and Michigan had been smitten as
was Chicago. There was a strong appeal
made by the Senators from Michigan on that
question. It had its influence in Congress.
I do not know but that the influence was
proper and just. In this case it does not
apply. Therefore I wish to put Boston on
the same footing that we put Portland after
the great fire of a few years ago in that city.
I do not wish to take up further the time of
the Senate, but I hope the bill will not be
recommitted, and that we shall have a vote
upon it, and I trust it will be sustained by the
Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President it is an old
saying at the bar that hard cases make bad
precedents. When the terrible fire at Chicago
occurred I feared that a very bad precedent
was then established—established, I think,
through the sympathy of Congress rather than
by their adhesion to the limited powers
conferred upon them by the Constitution.
We all fondly hoped when that terrible catas-
trophe occurred at Chicago that it never would
occur again in this country. It seems that
God ordered otherwise ; and the whole coun-
try was called upon to pause last November at
the destruction of a large part of the very
beautiful and important city of Boston, in
Massachusetts.
The Senator from Massachusetts who last
spoke [Mr. Wilson] likened Boston to a wheel
in a great piece of machinery. I have heard
Boston often likened to a very important part
of a wheel, and called, I believe, "thehub
but it seems now that she is to be enlarged
into being an entire wheel, and that wheel I
am afraid is to run over the Constitution, and
over those who believe with me that we have
no power to pass such an act as is now pro-
posed.
It seems to me, sir, that this'question is
coming down in the minds of Senators to one
of degree, and that where the extent of the
catastrophe is to warrant it the Constitution is
to be infringed; but where the casualty is slight
we are not at liberty to indulge our feelings
and our sympathies. I hold, on the contrary,
that the more you expand a dangerous prin-
ciple the worse it is, and if you are to infringe
the Constitution you had better confine your-
self to slight cases.
The present bill proposes, under the method
of a drawback of duty, to enable a special
class, and a very limited class of land owners
in one of the cities of one of the States of this
Union, to import materials to be used in the
construction and improvement of their prop-
erty at a less rate than other citizens even in
that city may do, and certainly less than others
can do in other parts of the country. It con-
fines the importation of these materials to a
single port of entry, although it is proposed
now by one of the friends of the bill to amend
it by striking out that objectionable clause, for
it seems, after all the argument we have heard
here this morning, that it is now confessed that
this is a clear violation of that clause of the
Constitution which forbids any preference
being given by any regulation of commerce or
revenue to the ports of one State over those of
another. Therefore, sir, as by the amendment
proposed by one of the friends, perhaps the
chief friend of the bill, that discrimination is
to be removed, we are now left to consider the
proposition of the power of Congress to allow
certain dutiable commodities to be imported
practically free of duty ; because, as was stated
by the honorable Senator from Indiana, the
payment of duty which is intended to be re-
funded is a mere formality, and an expensive
one at that. We are now to consider the prop-
osition of allowing certain dutiable commodi-
ties to be imported in a manner that is equiv-
alent to being free of duty, in any part of the
United States, provided they are used in the
improvement of certain private property in the
State of Massachusetts. How can it be said
that this is not a destruction of the uniformity
of the duties throughout the country, sur-
prises me.
The clause of the Constitution that gives to
Congress power to lay and collect duties and im-
posts, and requires that those duties andimposts
shall be uniform throughout the United States,
seems to form a strange commentary on the
language of an act which says that if dutiable
commodities be used for the benefit of a special
and very limited class of individuals, and in a
special place, they shall come in free of duty,
or subject to a lower rate of duty, or an advan-
tage be given to those persons at that locality
who may use them, and to the rest of the peo-
ple of the country the duties shall be different.
If that does not destroy practically and entirely
the uniformity of duties, I am at a loss to say
what language or what act would be destruc-
tive of it.
The danger is in this case, Mr. President,
of bringing in the extent of this catastrophe
as a reason why this act is not in conflict with
this provision of the Constitution. If it shall
be true that if a man's-warehouse is destroyed
in New York he may rebuild it up paying the
full duties upon the articles which he may
desire for its reconstruction, while if he live
in Boston he may be allowed to import those |
articles at a lower rate of duty, or having paid j
the full rate to do the same thing get it back I
again the day following or within the next j
three months—if, I say, such a proposition as
that cannot be maintained, tttte wider and more
extensive proposition must equally fail. There
is - just as much law for Congress to pass a
special act enabling me to rebuild with mate
rials imported duty-free my mill or factory in
the State of Delaware which has been de-
stroyed by fire, when my neighbors in Penn-
sylvania or all over the country who may l>e
suffering from a similar disaster are compelled
to pay the full duties on theirs. There is just
as much law, there is just as much equity iu
the one case as there is in the other. The
only difference is that you exaggerate the
injustice the more you enlarge the sphere of
its operation.
Surely, sir, there is nothing in this mere,
periphrases of allowing a drawback instead of
permitting the article to come in at a dimin-
ished or a totally abolished duty. Things that
are equal to the same thing are equal to one
another ; and if a man is to get his money
back next month, it is, as I said before, a use-
less formality to compel him to pay it now.
There is nothing, certainly, in coming at the
true principle of this case by allowing men to
get their money in the shape of drawback
or absolving it from paying originally on the
entry of their goods. If you can do one.
you can .do the other. If yo« can justify
the allowance of the drawback, you can
diminish the duty at the port of entry. Tak-
ing these two clauses of the Constitution
which are meant to secure entire equality
between the States so far as human laws can
provide it, it will be found that the meaning
and the spirit of the Constitution treating these
two clauses of the eighth and ninth seetions
together is that the duties shall be uniform
throughout the United States, and th*t to
assist that object no preference shall be given
to the ports of one State over those of another.
This bill definitely provides for the free im-
portation of dutiable commodities at a favored
port for a very limited and favored class. It
would have been perhaps perfectly prac-
ticable to insert in the bill the actual names
of the citizens of Boston who own this burnt
district, and then what would be the proposi-
tion? That certain named private citizens,
however estimable and worthy, of the United
States were to be permitted to receive dutiable
commodities at a less rate than the rest of the
community. The proposition would shock tbe
sense of justice and the sense of law of every
man in the Senate, and yet in fact that is
what is proposed to be done, and it wilt be
done should this bill pass. That is the actual
result, that the owners of the sites of the
buildings in Boston that were destroyed last
November are to be permitted to rebuild, or to
contract with those who shall rebuild upon
their property, by using dutiable commodities
which other men shall pay a higher price for.
There are eases occurring in this country
every day which entitle the unfortunate owners
of the property destroyed by fire or other
casualty to the sympathies of the entire com-
munity, and I can see no difference in principle
between Congress undertaking in the spirit of
unjust lavishnesg—I will not call it generosity,
for it is being generous with other people's
means—to remedy individual cases of distress
by permitting men to replace their buildings,
their mills, their machinery, and perhaps tbeir
contents, by importing them free of duty. That
would form precisely the case wbich we are
called upon now to act on, on s very large
scale; and the larger, as I have said before,
the more dangerous.
But, Mr. President, there has been reiy
respectable authority in this Chamber in favor
of the constitutionality of this act; Congress
by its majorities has decided in favor of similar
laws; and therefore I trust that the question
will be permitted to be passed upon gravely
and considerately by the appropriate commit-
tee of this body. I should like to be able to
vote for this bill. I should like to feel that,
