2102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
peculiarly depressed. In view of all these cir-
cumstances, I do feel compelled, as I have
from the first, to oppose this increase of our
compensation or to make anything like a gen-
eral increase of the salaries of the officers of
the Government in any of its Departments. I
feel it but fair to say if we do make any increase
anywhere there are a great njany subordinate
officers of the Government, especially clerks
iu the Departments, both male and female,
who certainly need an increase in their com-'
pensation much more than we do. And if I
should vote for any increase I would insjst
that they should be included. Iu this category
I would also include many of the heads of
bureaus and divisions. Sir, if I made any
discrimination it would be in favor of these
low-salaried and subordinate officers and em-
ployes.
1 regret to be iu conflict with gentlemen who
feel the other way on this question, and espe-
cially with leading members on both sides of
the House. But impelled by seuse of duty, I
feel that I must oppose this bill so long as it
has in it this increase of salaries, and I will
for one continue this opposition to the last,
even if it shall result in an ultimate defeat of the
bill and the calling of an extra session. I am
prepared to make my opposition effective in
whatever way I honorably can. I am not de-
terred by any threats or fears of an extra ses-
sion. 1 regret to oppose any general appro-
priation bill, but 1 cannot consent to have
forced upon us in this way that which I believe
is contrary to public policy and the worse for
us in the end.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Inowyield five
minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Randall,] my colleague on the com-
mittee.
Mr. RANDALL. When I went into this
conference on this bill I found that there were
three overshadowing questions beyond all others
which were in controversy between the two
Houses. The first one that met us in com-
mittee was this question of salaries. Upon
that question I have uttered no doubtful sound
and have made no doubtful record in this
House. I have declared to the country and
to tny constituents that I believed I have earned
$7,500 a year since I have been in this Con-
gress, and that 1 could not live here for less
with my family with any sort of decency. I do
not know how it may be with members from the
rural districts to which my friend from Indi-
ana [Mr. Niblack] has referred, but I could
not go into a conference and suggest that there
should be any difference in this respect be-
tween rural members and those who come
from cities.
There is another consideration upon this
question of salaries: almost all members of
Congress are compelled, like myself, to keep
up a residence here while at the same time
retaining their residences within the State from
which they come.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
woivTii] has talked about the "manhood " of
this report. Why, sir, I would like to ask him
whether it is not more manly to stand here
and vole deliberately in the face of the whole
country for this increase than it is for a mem-
ber to raise his voice in a demagogical strain
against such a proposition and then, as soon
as the law takes effect, to go and draw the
money from the Treasury. Any man here who
raises his voice against this increase should
not, in my judgment, take the money if the
measure passes.
Mr. FAHNSWOIiTH. Does the gentleman
think it manly to refuse the little increase asked
lor overtasked clerks while he is voting this
increase into his own poeket.
Mr. RANDALL. I agree with the gentle-
man thut the committee of conference should
nave adopted his amendment; and for one
Jong hour I, with my two associates on the
p.lit. of the House, fought-in the committee
tor that increase t.o the lady clerks in the
Treasury Department. I do not yield to the
gentleman one jot or tittle in my zeal for auch
a proposition. But we were finally forced by
the Senate conferees to yield on this ground :
They said they would not assent to the in-
crease of any salaries in the Departments
unless the increase embraced all. They said
they were ready to go into that question at
any time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does not this mea-
sure increase the salaries of certain heads of
bureaus in the Departments?
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It increases the
high salaries in the Departments, but refuses
an increase of the small ones.
Mr. RANDALL. We were unable to bring
the Senate conferees to our views on that sub-
ject.
The next point of difference, upon which
the Senate conferees adhered with tenacity to
what that body had inserted in the bill, was
the section known as the Morrill amendment.
I gave them to understand that so far as I was
concerned, I would not sign any report which
embraced that proposition ; and finally, that
point was yielded on the part of the Senate.
The next question in this report, to which
we gave our special attention, was the propo-
sition relating to the Pacific railroads. Upon
this subject, it appears to me, no man in this
House who has at heart the interests ot the
Government and the people, can object to
what we have done. We have sought to avoid
any doubtful language, any ambiguity of
phraseology. We have stood up firmly to the
interests of the Government in every particular,
having made full provision'for equity suits to
recover every dollar of the millions for which
these companies are indebted to the Govern-
ment.
I have nothing more to say, except that I
hope the report will be adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield two
minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, I wish to call
the attention of the.other side of the House
(not for the sake of throwing a stone at polit-
ical adversaries, for I should do the same thing
in reference to my own side if it were true) to
a fact which must go into the history of this
measure if it passes. When the gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargent] proposed to
increase the President's salary alone, and the
proposition was ruled to be in order by my
colleague [Mr. Dawes] then in the chair in
Committee of the Whole, the seats on the
other side of the House were black with the
gentlemen who rose to sustain the appeal and
declare the proposition out of order; and my
colleague was overruled in Committee of the
Whole. Then when there was a proposition
to pay $6,000 apiece to members of this House
as additional pay for this Congress, the same
seals were black with gentlemen who rose to
declare that proposition in order. This fact
must go.into the history of the passage of this
measure, if it bo adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield to
to the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr.
Hawley.]
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I have
but one word to say on this subject. I have
been among those who sincerely hoped that
this Congress would take some steps toward
resumption of specie payments, and the res-
toration of a sound currency to this country.
The Government of the United States is to day
in a condition of practical bankruptcy and
repudiation, with a currency promising to pay
money, which promise is not fulfilled at the
Treasury. Should this currency ever be re-
stored to a sound basis (and it is the duty of
the Federal Government to provide a sound
currency) it would then have at least twenty-five
per cent, greater purchasing power than it has
now. I then respectfully submit to the mem-
bers of this House whether it is notthfeir duty
in accordance with the sound principles of
political economy, first to give this country an
honest currency, and in that way legitimately
increase the salary they already have.
Upon the general proposition I have already
expressed my opinion with as much vehemence
and decision as I could muster at the time. I
protested against it then as I especially pro-
test against that which gives members of Con-
gress $5,000 to put into their pockets for past
services. I continue to protest against it. I
am not willing to vote for it whether it defeats
this bill or not and whether it. makes one or
half a dozen extra sessions. That is all.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will now yield
three minutes to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Burchard.]
Mr. BURCHARD. Mr. Speaker, it is not
the time to raise salaries, either of members
of Congress, heads of Departments, heads of
bureaus, or clerks. We, the Republican party,
presented ourselves before the country as the
party of economy. We claimed there should
be an economical administration of the affairs
of the Government, and yet just after the
conclusion of an exciting political campaign
we now propose to increase the expenditures
of the Government by voting millions of dol-
lars here to increase salaries. I therefore
shall vote against the conference report, believ-
ing that we can yet pass this bill if sent to a
new conference with the provision increasing
salaries sricken out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to inquire
of the gentleman from Ohio whether the Sen-
ate is forcing this increase of salaries upon the
House 1
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will answer
the gentleman by saying the Senate said they
had no right under the instructions of the
Senate to give way on this question, and I
will say to the House that not until the Senate
had offered positively two propositions to the
House did we discuss any measure such as an
increase of salary. The first was, they would
not be contented to let the salary remain
where it is ; and the second was, that $6,500
was a positive wrong to eighteen "members
of the Senate by a reduction of their whole
Can we not receive-
pay-
Mr. BURCHARD.  _ 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield now to
the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I desire, if I can obtain the attention
of the House, to make an explanation of one
or two matters in this conference report.
There were many things in this report I
yielded to only for the sake of public business
in order that we might not have an extra ses-
sion of Congress. One thing was the matter
touched upon by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnsworth.] In the bill I found a
proposition to raise the salaries of the female
clerks in the Departments who had $900 up to
$1,200, leaving those who receive only forty,
fifty, or seventy-five dollars a month where
they are. I did not think that was right, and
thereupon oflered to the Senate this, to wit
to add fifteen per cent, to the pay of all the
female employes who received $900 or less
taan $900, and after discussing it, aided by
ray co-conferees, both of them, and especially
by the efforts of my colleague on the commit-
tee from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] we
met with a determined and general refusal on
the part of the Senate.
uf' <~)n wllat ground ?
ft, 1 u <. ILER, of Massachusetts. It was
this, that we put up these salaries of female
clerks .so high they came up to clerkships and
their places would be sought for by members
ox Congress for somebody who was a male
and wn° had a vote to cast for them, which I
i! 13 best argument in favor of female
suffrage I ever heard. [Laughter.]
used1? What was the argument,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It was
