1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2103
said it would affect them in this way: that
their places were desirable according to the
emoluments attached to them and the higher
you put the salary the more pressure there
would be for the places, and they therefore
said the moment you get this up you will grad-
ually work the female clerks out of the Depart-
ments. That was the argument, and the argu-
ment which satisfied them. .
Mr. HOAR- It is the very argument used
by my colleague [Mr. Dawes] m opposition
to raising these salaries of female clerks a
year ago.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I can-
not have my time frittered away.
Mr. DAWES. 1 never supposed, if the
gentleman will allow me a minute, it would
be deleterious to raise the wages of those who
had the least, but that it would do no harm to
raise those who had the least.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I can-
not yield for interruptions. If gentlemen were
to take my time to clear their own record, I
would want ten hours, instead of a small frac-
tion of an hour. [Laughter.]
That was the argument, and I yielded to
that argument. And more than that, I yielded
to the express statement of the Senate that
they would not yield ; so that if this is put in
here the public business would be blocked.
Mr. DAWES. I want to put one more
question to my colleague, if he will allow me.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
to the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to ask my colleague
if this is the first time he ever heard that
statement mads in a conference committee ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is not
the first time that I have heard it made. But
when I stale I do not yield, I adhere to my
statement, and I give other gentlemen credit
lor the same firmness.
And there was another difficulty. It was
said " here wo are at a dead-lock, one or the
other must give way ; now this is an innova-
tion on the law, and the one that innovates
must give way—and that is the House." And
on that ground I gave way, stating at the time
that I would join hands with my colleagues on
the committee on the question of the fixing of
these salaries hereafter. And I desire to have
time to do that.
Now, why were not all these salaries fixed?
The Committee on the Judiciary considered
this question ; because you sent it to us, and
we made a report upon it, and we tried to get a
hearing in the House when there was full time
to discuss it, and discuss everybody's salary.
But under the rules of the House we have not
been called this session and could not report.
Whenever we tried to report, some gentlemau
jumped up and objected. Then when I asked
to suspend the rules and bring it up for con-
sideration, I was voted down. There was no
other place where it was possible to put this
question, except where it could be put under
the rules of the House, and that is why it is
here to-day.
It is said that this is tu inauspicious time
to raise salaries. In ray judgment it isa most
auspicious time. The presidential election
has taken place, determining the policy of the
country for four years, so that no miserable
demagogue cau make any political capital out
of it. Both sides of the House are voting for
it; and he is a mean man that objects to it,
and I am satisfied he cannot find men mean
enough to reelect him. I put myself upon
that prophecy, and you will see how it comes
out; and it will not be a great time till it is
determined.
We have just had a presidential election;
and do gentlemen reflect that if we refuse to
raise the President's salary at this time it
cannot be raised under the Constitution for
four years ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Exactly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It can
now be raised under the Constitution. It is
no use to say that we are doing on the 3d what
we cannot do on the 4th of' March. The
President can sign bills to-day which he could
not do on the 4th after the hour of noon.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He could if Con-
gress passed the bills, and was in session.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. But if
Congress is not in session he cannot. There
is a time specified by the Constitution during
which an officer can do certain constitutional
duties, and after that he cannot; and therefore
the Constitution has stated that the President
shall not sign an increase of his own salary
during the time for which he was elected, and
that constitutional provision is well under-
stood, and has been followed in various State
Legislatures.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to in-
quire of the gentleman, for he is a lawyer,
what in his opinion was the reason the fathers
put that provision in the Constitution? Why
was the restriction put in ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To pre-
vent the President from using his influence
and power to raise his salary while he was
Pr6sidsnt
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is he not President
now?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is not the spirit of
the provision the same to-day as it will be the
day after to-morrow?
Mr. B UTLER, of Massachusetts. If this can
be said when you have a man in the Chair whom
you have had confidence enough to reelect,
it may as well be said that it cannot be in-
creased for anybody else who may occupy the
presidential chair because he may be elected
the next time, and may expect to be elected,
&nd may use the same power which you are
afraid of in this case, if you are going to watch
what is called the spirit of the Constitution in
that regard, and I have another word or two
to say as to this matter.
Now, then, I am told that we promised to
carry this Government on with true economy.
So we did. What is the economy we talked
about? Was it on the question of salaries?
Was it on the question whether this man
should get a little more salary, or that man
should get a little more salary ? No ; the
economy that I promised on the stump and
which I mean to carry out so far as I am con-
cerned was that there should be no more
lands taken for any use except the people's
use, that there should be no more subsidies
paid, that there shall be no use of the
public money except for the public service;
and I believe as firmly as I believe in my
own existence that this is the true measure of
economy.
Gentlemen oppose this measure because it
takes a few more dollars out of the Treasury,
when you sit here and vote sometimes without
a murmur four times this amount.
True economy in this matter is that mem-
bers shall feel first that they are not supposed
to have what are sometimes called "pickings
and stealings," pay and allowances; but an
open, fair salary, known to all the world, and
every man may know exactly what that
salary is.
In the next place the salary should be placed
at such a rate as to give a man who has not a
private fortune sufficient means so that he can
educate his children without feeling embar-
rassed while he is doing the public service
here. 1 f you keep the salary down so that a
poor man cannot live upon it, you throw your
whole legislation into the hands of rich men
and nobody else; you throw into the hands
of capital as against poor men.
True economy is to so fix the salary that
poor men may be able to come here and bring
their families here and educate their children
instead of having to put up at a cheap board-
ing-house because they cannot pay their way.
Now, sir, I do not ask any odds on my own
account about this matter one way or the
other. It has been already demonstrated at
this session of Congress that I received a single
fee in a given case in court equal to this sal-
ary; so that I have nothing to take back or to
fear on this subject. I can appeal to my con-
stituents in another condition of life whenever
they do not want my services here.
But again it is said that we are voting money
into our own pockets. Well, the salaries of
Congressmen can be raised without doing that.
The Senate of the United States must always
have to vote money into their own pockets.
Salaries never can be raised without that,
either in a future or in the present Congress.
Again, one .thing further: the Senate of the
United States may be and are called together
some times twice in one year, as they were
in the case of the Washington treaty, and
necessarily called together. Then they have
double mileage. So that, as I tell you again,
the Senate conferees convinced us that with
the compensation fixed at $6,500 per annum
there would be some eighteen Senators who
would actually have to pay back from $1,200
down to a lower sum out of this increase for
two years; therefore they said they-would not
stand it for one moment, and I do not blame
them ; that if we made it $6,500 a year it
would be but a nominal increase without any
actual increase of compensation.
post office appropriation bill.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes ol' the two Houses on the bill (H. R.
No. 3498) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the
year ending June 30, 1874.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the report of the committee of conference
on the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield
to my colleague [Mr. Stevenson] for a few
minutes.
Mr. STEVENSON. This bill has in it so
many good provisions, one giving the Govern-
ment remedy against the Credit Mobilier
frauds, of great importance to the country
that I dislike to take upon myself the grave
responsibility of hazarding its defeat by voting
against this report; and yet I cannot consent
to vote in any form or under any conceivable
circumstances for the proposed increase of
compensation to the members of the present
Congress. If it be thought upon full consid-
eration that an increase of compensation for
members of Congress is necessary for or will
promote the public good, certainly it is not
necessary for the public good to increase our
own compensation. Whatever work we have
agreed to do tor the present rate we have sub-
stantially done. Our task is almost finished:
our record nearly ended; our sands are run-
ning out very fast. To morrow's noonday sun
shall see the Forty-Second Congress die, and
for many of us the places that now know us may
know us no more forever. Others will return
when the Forty-Third Congress convenes to
a new corporate existence. But such members
as are reelected will do their duty in the next
Congress without extra compensation in this,
and they will do their duty in this Congress
without extra pay in the next. Tnis question
of increase of congressional compensation has
now been raised and discussed; let the people
consider it, and let their opinion be expressed
by a new Congress, the members coming either
fresh from the people or after consultation wiiu
their constituents on this subject. Let us leave
the question to the Congress thus newly in-
structed and uncontaminated.
It has been asserted that the pending prop-
osition made but little increase. Here is a
statement of what the present members and
