1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
i
practical sympathy in a case of this sort by |
their votes if they have the constitutional
power to do it.
I have never regarded these bills as consti-
tutional. 1 agree fully with what the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] so fully and
so ably said yesterday, when he put the case
thus: the Constitution requires that all duties
shall be uniform throughout the United States ;
and if after having collected duties by the rule
ot' uniformity we can by a drawback discrim-
inate between cities and States in refunding
them it is " sticking in the bark." The Consti-
tution does not allow that. The Constitution
is the great bulwark of popular rights in this
eouutry, which, if the people are true to its
dictates, will be found ample to defend them ;
but it is by technical, metaphysical arguments
like those advanced on this floor and by popular
appeals to the sympathy of our nature that we
make great breaks in the Constitution, and we
continue until all its barriers are leveled in
the dust.
I dope that the Senators from Massachusetts
will consent to let this question go where it
properly belongs, and that after a full and free
investigation we can unite on a platform which
will command what all of us desire, sympa-
thy with the sufferers at Boston and sympathy
with sufferers everywhere else, if the Consti-
tution allows us to give that aid.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer the pending bill
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CARPENTER. On that motion I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered and taken.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On this ques-
tion I am paired with the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Tiurmaw] If he were present he would
vote '"yea," and I should vote "nay."
The result was announced—yeas 35, nays
1) ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn. Amss, Bayard, Bucking- ;
ham. Cameron, Carpenter,Casserly, Chandler, Clay-
ton. Cole, Conkling, Cooper, Corbett, Davis, Ferry j
nt'Connecticut.Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe,
Johnston, Kelly, Maehen, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Norwood, Osborn, Pratt, Saulsbury,
Stevenson, Tipton, West, and Windom—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Cragin, Ed-
munds, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Ham-
lin, Logan, Patterson, Pomeroy, Sumner,Trumbull,
Vickers, and Wilson—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair. Boreman, Caldwell,
Hamilton of Texas, Hill. Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill j
of Maine. Nye, Pool, Ramsey, Ransom, Rice, j
Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Spen- j
cer, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, and
Wright—24.
So the motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I of course bow to the will
of the Senate as well as I can in this matter.
This bill now goes to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and what I have to ask is that that
committee will attend to it as soon as possible
and give us a report, so that these people will
know what to do. It is very important that
we have prompt action.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
transmitting papers showing the necessity for
telegraphic communication between the mili-
tary stations in Arizona ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
March 26, the report of the supervising sur-
geon of marine hospitals upon the necessity of
a marine hospital at Sail Francisco, Califor-
nia, and as to the fitness of St. Mary's Col-
lege for the purpose; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2990) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year end-
ing June 30, 1874, was read twice by its title
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
The bill (H. R. No. 1666) to enable honor-
ably discharged soldiers and sailors, their wid-
ows and orphan children, to acquire home-
steads on the public lands of the United States,
was road twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
bvid-encb in contested elections.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Cal-
endar is now in order before the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. In order to get at a par-
ticular bill is it necessary to suspend the rule ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To suspend
the rule either by vote or general consent.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senate to sus-
pend the rule by unanimous consent for the
purpose of taking up a bill that passed the
House some time ago, which provides for tak-
ing evidence in cases of contested elections.
I am advised that there is some present'im-
portance in having the bill passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana asks unanimous consent to
lay aside informally the pending order, which
is the Calendar, for the purpose of taking up
the bill (H. R. No. 1048) supplemental to and
amendatory of an act entitled " An act to pre-
scribe the mode of obtaining evidence in cases
of contested elections," approved February
19, 1851.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. THURMAN. I have only to say in
reference to this bill that it came from the
House, was referred to the Committee on
Privileges and Elections, was very carefully
examined by that committee and numerous
amendments were proposed to the bill, and
the committee are unanimously of the opinion
that the bill is a great improvement on the law
as it now stands, and ought to be passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments of the committee will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The first amendment
reported by the committee is to strike out in
section two, after the word "reside" in the
fifth line, the following words :
The party desiring to take a deposition under the
provisions of this section shall give the opposite
party reasonable notice of the time and place when
and where such deposition will be taken, as well as
of the name of the witness or witneuies to be exam-
ined, and of the officer before whom the deposition
will be taken. Such reasonable notice shall be at
least ten days, and one day in addition for each
forty miles of the distance from the usual place of
residence of the party notified to the place of the
taking of such deposition. Either party may ap-
pear at the taking of such deposition either in per-
son or by attorney. Notice to take depositions
under this act must be served during the first thirty
days of the period allowed for taking testimony.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the com-
mittee was to insert as section three the fol-
lowing :
Sec. 3. That the party desiring to take a deposi-
tion or depositions under the provisions of this act,
or of the act to which this is an amendment, shall
give the opposite party notice, in writing, of the
time and place, when and where, the same will be
taken, as well as of the name of the witness or wit-
nesses to be examined, and of the name of an offi-
cer before whom thesamewiilbetaken. Thenotice
shall be personally served upon the opposite party,
or upon any agent or attorney of his authorized by
him to take testimony or cross-examine witnesses
in the matter of such contest, if, by the use of reas-
onable diligence, such personal service can bo
made; but if by the use of such diligence, personal
service cannot be made, the service may De made
by leaving a duplicate of the notice at the usual
place of abode of the opposite party. The
notice shall be served so as to allow the opposite
party sufficient time by the usual route of travel
to attend, and one day for prepararation, exclusive
of Sundays and the day of service. And the taking
of tho testimony may, if so stated in the notice,
be adjourned from day to day. The notice, with
the proof or acknowledgment of the service thereof,
shall be attached to the depositions when completed.
The party notified as aforesaid, his agent or at-
torney, may, if he see fit, sclect an officer (having
authority to take depositions in such oases) to offi-
ciate, with the officer named in the notice, in the
taking of the depositions; and if both such officers
attend, the depositions shall be taken before them
both, sitting together, and be certified by them
both._ But if only one of such officers attend, the
depositions may bo taken before and certified by
bim alone. It shall be competent for the parties,
their agents, or attorneys authorized to act in the
premises, by consent in writing, to take depositions
without notice; and it shall also be competent
for them, by such written consent, to take deposi-
tions (whether upon or without notice) before any
officer or officers authorized to take depositions in
common law, or civil actions, or in chancery, by
either the laws of the United States or of the
State in which the same may be taken, and to
waive proof of the official character of such officer
or officers. Any written consent given as aforesaid
shall be returned with the depositions ; and every
such officer so chosen by the parties, their agents or
attorneys, and officiating, shall have all the powers
in the premises that are conferred by the act to
which this is an amendment upon the officers named
therein. At the taking of any deposition under this
act, or the act to which this is an amendment,
either party may appear and act in person, or by
agent or attorney.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of section [three] four, the following :
And shall subscribe such indorsement. Upon the
written request of either party the Clerk of the House
of Representatives shall open any deposition at any
time after he shall have received the same, and he
may furnish either party with a copy thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendments be en-
grossed and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, at^d,passed.
message prom tub house*
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its clerk, annoaneed
that the House had passed the following bills ;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
A bill (H. R. No. 1785) for the relief of
Samuel A. Duncan;
A bill (H. R. No. 2997) for the relief of
James C. Cooke ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3133) to enable Joseph
Fox to make application to the Commissioner
of Patents for the extension of letters-patent
for machine for making crackers ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3134) for the relief of
HebeccaA. Marcher, widow of Robert Marcher,
d0C6&S6(l *
A bill (H. R. No. 3135) for the relief of
Thomas Warker;
A bill (H. R. No. 3136) for the relief of
Frederick M. Norcross, administrator of the
estate of Nicholas G. Norcross; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3137) for the relief of
Hugh McCormick.
house bills referred.
The bills last received from the House of
Representatives numbered 1785, 2997, 3133,
3134, 3135, 3136, and 3137, were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Patents.
executive session.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and after fifteen
minutes spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened, and (at three o'clock and fifty-
five minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 13, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bdtler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
report of claims commission.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
