1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2105"
this ruling is somewhat different from that
made by previous occupants of the chair.
He has, however, uniformly decided a con-
ference report could not be laid on the table
because it would carry the bill with it. If the
House rejects the report, that leaves the appro-
priation bill for another conference commit-
tee. To lay the report of the committee of con-
ference on the table would carry the bill with
it, and therefore the Chair has never enter-
tained any such motion. That is the reason
of his decision.
Mr. DONNAN. I ask that the rule be read
which prohibits members from voting on a
question in which they are interested.
The SPEAKER. That has no application
here whatever.
The question was taken ; and it was decid-
ed in the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 96, not
voting 42 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Averill. Banks, Bigby,
Bingham, James G-. Blair,Boarman, Boles, Buckley,
Burdett, Benjamin I'1. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Caldwell, Carroll, Cobb. Coghlan, Conner, Criteher,
Crossland, Darrall, Dickey, DuBose, Duell, Duke,
Eldredge, Elliott, Henry I). Foster, Garfield, Gar-
rett, Gctz, Giddings, Golladay, Griffith, Hancock,
Hanks, Harmer, Harper, George E. Harris. Ilnys,
John W. Hazelton, Iierndou, Houghton, Kendall,
King, Lamison, Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Lowe,
Maynard, McHenry, McJunkin, McKee, McKinney,
McNecly, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morey. Morphis,
Leonard Myers, Negley, Silas L. Niblack, Packard,
Isaac C. Pinker, Peck, Perce, Perry. Plati, Price,
Prindle, Itainey, Randall, John M. Rice, Robinson,
John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Sargent, Shanks,
Sheldon, Sherwood, Sloss, SnappT Snyder, Storxn,
Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, Sutherland, Sypbcr.
Taffo, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Turner, Tuthill,
Twicheil, Voorhees, Waddell, Wallace, Whiteley,
Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Win-
chester, and Young—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Arthur, Barber,
Barnuin, Beatty, Bell, Bird, Austin Blair, Bright,
Buliintul), Bunnell, Bun-hard, Campbell, Cl.u'Kc,
Coburn, Conger, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Crocker, Davis,
Dawes, Domian, Dox, liames, Ely, Farnsworth,
Finkelnburg, Charles Fosr,er, Wilder D. Foster,
Frye, Goodrich, Hale, Hanibleton, Hundley, John
T. Harris, Ihiveus, John B. Hawley, Joseph R.
Hawley, llay,Gerry W. llnzelton, Hereford.Hibbard,
Hill, 11 oar, ilolitniu, Kellogg, Kerr. Kefcham, Kil-
linger, Lewis, Lynch, Madntyre,Marshall, McClel-
land, McCorimck, MeCrary, Mc'irew, Merriarn,
Merrick, Monroe, William E. Niblack, Orr, Packer,
Palmer, Ilosea W. Paiker, Pendleton, Pnland, Ellis
U. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Shella-
barg.er. Shoemaker, Slater, Sloeum, II. Bourdman
Smith, John A. Smith, Worthington C.Smith, Speer,
Sprague, Starkweather. Stevens, Stevenson. Terry,
Washington iownsend, Upsou, Walden, Waldron.
Warren, Hells, \V heeler, \\ ill aid, and John 1'. \\ ll-
son—96.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Acker, Ames, Barry,
Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck, Biggs, Braxton,
Brooks, Comingo, Oreely, Dodds, Dunnell, hsty,
Farweii, Forker, Hatdeman, Halsey, Hooper, Kelloy,
Kinsella, Mansou. Mitchell, Moore.Morgan, Peters,
Porter, Potter, Read, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie,
William R. Roberts, Roosevelt, Seelcy, Shober,
Swann, Tjner, Van Trump, Vaushan, Wakeinan,
Whitthorue, Williams ol New York, and nood 42.
So the report of the committee of conference
was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. VAN TRUMP stated that he was
paired with Mr. Williams, of New York, who
would vote in the affirmative, while lit would
vote in the negative.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS stated that he was
paired with Mr. Forker, of New Jersey, who
would vote in the affirmative, while he would
vote in the negative.
Mr. READ stated that he was paired with
Mr. Wool), of New York, who would vote in
the affirmative, while he would vote iu the
negative.
Mr. PERCE stated that on this vote and
others his colleague. Mr. Bauky. was paired
wilh Mr WniTTHOHXE, of Tennessee, who
would vole in the negative, while his colleague
would vote in the aliinnattve.
Mr. POTTER stated that he was paired
with Mr. Podds, who would vote in the affirma-
tive. while he would vote in the negative.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded. , „ . , ^
Mr. GARFIELD, ot Oluo moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the report was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid oil the table.
Mr. FABNSWORTH demanded tellers on
the question.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was then laid
on the table.
0. H. EVANS.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent
fund of the House to C. II. Evans, statistician, the
sum of &)00 for services rendered the Committeo of
Ways and Means in procuring statistics during the
present Congress.
thomas w. marsdjsn.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That Thomas W. Marsden be continued
in the service of the House of Representatives until
otherwise ordered.
Mr. Speaker, he is a messenger in the re-
porters' gallery, whose name, through some
misadventure was omitted, and this is neces-
sary to keep him on the rolls. It is done at
the request of the reporters. He is a faithful
officer and an honest man, who served as a
good soldier, and I hope the resolution will be
adopted.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER of BUSINESS.
Mr. BIGGS. I move that the House take
a recess till half past seven o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not recog-
nize any gentleman until the House is suffi-
ciently in order to comprehend the business
that is going on.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to make a report
from the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] has risen to make
a privileged report from a committee of con-
ii-rence.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
to my colleague, [Mr. Dawes.]
pacific mail steamship subsidy.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and*Means to report the fol-
lowing resolution :
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved. That the testimony taken by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means under the order of the
House in regard to the alleged use of money to pro-
cure the passage of ( he subsidy for the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company be deposited with the Clerk of
the House to be laid by him before the next Congress
for its action.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the com-
mittee to state that thus far none ot' the testi-
mony taken implicates any member of the
House or any of its employes.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
gkneva award.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
make a privileged report. I present the fol-
lowing report of a committee of conference.
The Clerk read as follows:
The conference committee on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. lL'OS) tor the
creation of a court for the adjudication and disposi-
tion of certain uioueys received into the Treasury
under the award m.ido by the tribunal ot arbitration
held by virtue oi the first article of Ihc treaty of
Washington, &c., respectfully report that after lull
and tree conierenee they have agreed to recommend
to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate ''occur irom its disagreement to
the amendment, proposed by the House to said bill,
and agree to the same wittt an amendment, namely:
Strike out all after the word " that," in line one
of the said amendment, und insert the following:
" Immediately upon the payment of the sum ol
money awarded to tb.® Unitsd States by tn© tribunal
of arbitration at Geneva to be paid by the Govern-
ment of Great Britain, the game shall be paid into
the Treasury of the United States to redeem, so far as
it may, the public debt of the United States, and an
amount eu.ua! to the debt so redeemed shall be in-
vested in five per cent, registry bonds of the Uni-
ted States, to be held subject to the future disposi-
tion ot Congress."
And that the House of Representatives agree to
the same.
BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,
CLARKSON N. POTTER,
Manager* on the part o/ the Mouse.
UEORGE F. EDMUNDS,
MATTHEW II. CARPENTER.
ALLEN G. TUUltMAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report of the
committee of conference was agreed to: and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
.The latter motion was agreed to.
tariff and taxes.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee of Ways and Means,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 4068) to correct an
error in section thirteen 'of the act of June 6,
1872, entitled "An act to reduce the duties on
imports, and to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes," and to amend certain sec-
tions of other acts relating to internal revenue ;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. SARGENT. Is it in order to move
that the House take a recess? '
The SPEAKER. It is not while the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Finkelnburg] is
on the floor.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to make that
motion at the earliest convenient moment.
The bill was read.
Mr. EAMES. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the bill.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I do not yield for
any amendment unless some gentleman de-
sires an explanation. I ask that the bill be
now put upon its passage.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Is this hill from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means ?
Mr. FINKELNBURG. It is unanimously
reported by that committee.
The bill was ordered to be eugrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. FINKELNBURG moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move that the House
take a recess until eight o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
And accordingly (at five o'clock and five
minutes p. m.) the House took a recess until
eight o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House reas-
sembled at eight o'clock.
clerk of education committee.
Mr. STORM. I desire to make a state-
ment to this House. On the last day of last
session, 1 introduced a resolution relative to
the clerk of the Committee of Education and
Labor. There was a vote on that resolution
and it was carried. Tellers were demanded
and ordered, and tbeie was again a majority
in favot of the resolution. I supposed that the
vote had been announced, hut when we came
to look into the record, we found that the vote
was not announced.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read from
the Congressional Globe the resolution offered
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The Clerk road as follows :
" Mr. Storm. I offer the following preamble and
resolution: , T
"Whereas the Committee on Education and Labor
