2106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3
have directed tbeir clerk to eontinuo their necessary
correspondence with the different trades union
organizations, superintendentsof teaebers, institutes,
and other organizations: Therefore, , . ,
"Resolved, That the said committeo be authorized
to employ their clerk during the reoess of Congress
at the present compensation."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania states that this resolution was offered
by him on the last evening of the last session
of Congress, that it was carried by a vote on a
division, and that while the House was taking
a further division the time for adjournment
arrived and the House adjourned. This cor-
responds with the memory of the Speaker.
The gentleman asks now that that resolution
may be considered as having been the action
of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. Was this clerk continued
in service during the recess?
Mr. STORM. He was.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no
objection, and the resolution will be consid-
ered as passed at that date.
LOUISIANA ELECTION.
Mr. McCRARY. I am instructed by the
Committee of Elections to submit the following
report:
The Cotumittoe of Elections, who had under con-
sideration the following preamble and resolution
adopted by tho Ifouso on the 22d instant:
Whereas it is alleged, in testimony recently taken
before the Committees on Privileges and Kloctions
of tho Seuate, that Mr. J. Hale JSyphbb, a-member
of this House from tho State of Louisiana, in 1870,
at and before tho general eloction in that year in that
State for Representatives m Congress, and when
said Syphku was a candidate for oleotion as a mem-
ber of the present House, did unlawfully and cor-
ruptly proouro fo bo made false and fraudulent
registrations, and did with like intont procure to bo
cast and counted l'or himself and others false and
frauduleht votes, and did procuro gross frauds to bo
committed in connection with tho conduct of said
election in his ov?n intoxost and in the interest of
others; nnd whereas tho honor of this JIouso and
duty toward tho country require that such chargos
should bo full> investigated; Therefore,
ftetiolvcd. That the Committee of Elections be
directed to investigate said several charges, audto
that end have authority to send for persons and
papers, and th it said testimony takon boforo said
Senate eommittco bo referred to said Committeo of
Elections, and that said coinmittoo be directed to
report its conclusions to tho House as soon us prac-
ticable: report thereon follows:
The said preamble and resolution were adopted
by the IloUhO on Saturday tho 22d instant, and at a
late hour of tho^c&sion of' that, day, and was not laid
before that committeo until Monday the 24th in-
stant. it will be soen that when the' committee at
the o.jrlh'sfc moment pos&iblo came to consider the
resolution, as il. was their duty to do under the order
of tho ilou.se, but seven days of the present session
remained within which* to take testimony and report
to tho House. When it is ud<lod {fiat all tho wit-
nesses, and it is understood that they wore numer-
ous, and it js :iIm) understood that they resided in
tho State oI Louisiana and that tho investigation
would necessarily involve an inquiry into the char-
acter of certain persons for truth and veracity as
w«U as many and difficult questions of fact, it will
be seen thsit a proper investigation of the charges re-
fonod audasatnUclory determination of tho que**
lions presented therein during tho present Congress
is impossible. Your committeo therefore recom-
mend the adoption of the following resolution :
liexvlved, That tho Committoo of Elections bo
discharged from tho further consideration of tho
resolution adopted by the House on tho 22-1 instant
in relation to the investigation of charges against
Hon. ,). IJaijK Syj'iier, a member of this House
irom the State of Louisiana, and that tho said
resolution be laid upon tho tabic.
Mr. McCRAHY. I desire to say that the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kkiui] and the
gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Sypheb] were
anxious to proceed with the investigation, but
the committee found it impossible to take any
action whatever. I now yield for a few mo-
ments to the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
SYPHEB.]
Mr. SYP1IER. Mr. Speaker, I regret the
necessity which compels me at this time to
ask the indulgence of the House for the pur
pose of making a personal explanation. This
necessity is forced upon me for the want of
time to go into the investigation as reported
by the Committee of Elections, and no mem-
ber of this House knew that fact better than
the gentleman from Indiana at the time he in-
troduced the resolution. Since the day the
House ordered this investigation I have been
ready at all times to comply with the demands
of the committee charged with that duty.
Investigations, it seems, have become fash-
ionable, and I almost feel as if one of the
privileges of a member of this House had been
defied me.
The parish of Plaquemine, where it is
alleged the frauds were committed, is about
eighty miles in length, divided nearly equally
in territory and population by the Mississippi
river running through it lengthwise. The
lower half comprises a narrow strip of land
on either side of the river, sparsely settled
mostly by white people, less than one third of
the entire population. The upper half com-
prises great sugar plantations, cultivated by
black men ; the crop of 1870 exceeded ten
million pounds of sugar and six hundred thou-
sand gallons of molasses. More than two
thirds of the population of this parish occupy
this portion, four fifths of which are colored
people.
At the recent election the Democratic regis-
trar refused to open his office above the court-
house, located in the middle of the parish,
compelling the colored voters from the upper
end to travel from ten to forty miles to get
registered. There was no notice given of the
location of the polling places, and on the
morning of election day it was found that in
the lower half, where the whites predominate,
five polls were established, and in the upper
half, where the black votes outnumber the
whites more than five to one, not a single poll
was opened in a distance of forty miles.
These are the facts and 1 challenge suc-
cessful denial. Is there a man in this House
bold enough to defend so palpable an outrage
on the rights and liberties of a defenseless
people? I hardly think the gentleman from
Indiana would sanction so gross an outrage,
although he has frequently done injustice to
the people of my State in a fit of spiteful par-
tisauism. Let us look at the vote in this
parish. The reconctruction election of 18G8,
supervised by Democratic registrars and judges
of election appointed by (jreneral Buchanan
stood fifteen hundred and seventeen Repub-
lican and two hundred and forty-nine Demo-
cratic. At the recent election the vote stood ten
hundred and thirty-four Republican and four
hundred and sixty-seven Democratic. From
these figures it appears ttfiit the Republican
vnle has fallen off nearly one third, and the
Democratic vote has nearly doubled. It is a
well known fact that the Republican vote since
1808 has increased at least one third, whereas
the Democratic vote has remained the same.
Plaque'tnine returns showing such remarkable
Democratic gains remind us of those good old
times of honest virtuous Democratic rule be-
fore the days of carpetbaggery, when the
Democrats of that parish, assisted by John
Slidell and New Orleans Thugs swelled the
vote of the previous year from three hundred
and ten to ten hundred and seven, in 184-1.
This fraud decided tho result in the State, and
gave the presidential electors to Polk when
Clay was justly entitled to them.
It will be seen, therefore, that if Louisiana
carpetbaggers are guilty of all the villainy
ascribed to them they are not without honest
Democratic precedents.
Now I invite the attention of the House to an
analysis of the testimony upon which this reso-
lution is based. The name of the witness is
Theodore Jacques, and his testimony is found
in Senate document No. 457, commencing on
page 518. 1 shall review the following points:
first, that he went to the parish of Plaquemine
to take affidavits of persons who had been ille-
gally deprived of the right to vote at the recent
election ; that he saw three hundred and one
persons who said that they had not voted; that
he read to them the printed affidavit which he
carried; that one man signed, the other three
hundred did not authorize him to sign their
names, but that they considered that by their
statements they were voting; that having got
these three hundred and one names the witness
returned to New Orleans and prepared thirteen,
hundred and fourteen affidavits, to whieh be
signed thirteen hundred and thirteen names,
including the three hundred whom he had seen
and who had not signed, and the thousand and
thirteen whom he had not seen; that he had
authority to use the names of the three hun-
dred who could not write, (page 521,) that he
took the names from the poll-books of 1870;
that many of them were men of straw; that
he, as registrar at the previous elections, had
placed these names upon the poll-books; that
in making these affidavits he acted under my
instructions ; that in procuring the three hun-
dred and one names, he went from plantation
to plantation; that he was gone five days and
after his return he made up the affidavits at
his house; that he delivered the affidavits to
the secretary of State, Mr. Bovee, in the pres-
ence of other members of the canvassing board.
Being afterward asked if I approved of his.con-
duct, he said that " Sypher got the boat-that
took him out and said it was all rightthat
he wanted at.least twelve hundred affidavits ;
that this conversation was when Sypher was
on his way to Washington, and before any
affidavits wero taken.
These are substantially all the statements
of the witness which reflect upon me. Now,
let me examine how far this witness is entitled
to credit upon his own showing. On page 523,
Senator Carpenter asked the witness if he was
aware that at the time of making th ese affidavits
he was committing the crime of forgery in the
case of every one of these signatures, to which
he answered " no," and that he did not .think
he then was—to which Senator Carpenter
significantly remarked. " You had better take
counsel and retain a lawyer pretty quickly."
On page 641 the Chairman questioned the
witness thus :
"Question. When you wore filling up these alii -
davits with Judge Prescott, and signed tho names
of the meuwho did not exist, you did know that that
was forgery, I think you said to some one else a few
moments ago V
"Answer. I am not quito as ignorant as that. Did
I make that answer ?
"Question. Tha t is my recollection—that you did
to Mr. Carpenter. Do you not know that it tfas a
fraud and a forgery ?
"Answer. 1 knew it was a fraud; I am aware of
that.
'Question. You knew it was a fraud. Do you say
you know it was aiorgery ?
"Answer. I supposed it to bo forgery, of course.
" Question. What is the punishment of forgery—
Joyou know that ?
A/iswer. I do.
'Question. According to tho laws of Louisiana
what do you understand to be the punishment for
forgery ? Is it imprisonment in the penitentiary'!
( Answer. If any Hereon complains, it is.
Question, Ihen you knew you Wero committing
forgery at tbo time it to done ?
" Answer. I never thought, of it, nor paid any
attention to it."
The witness heio seemed to think that his
crime was forgery, "if auv one complained,"
but it was a harmless u political trick '' should
ho not be prosecuted. And while in one
breath ho admits it to be a forgery, in the very
next he says, I never thought of it, nor
paid any attention to it.1' This must mean
that he knew it was a forgery aud penitentiary
offense, but the fear of prosecution did not
disturb him.
1 he moral perceptions of the witness may
be seen in the further continuation of the
dialogue :
" Question. Would you have uo more convpunetion
in committing perjury than in committing lorg-ory?
Answer. X would not, commit perjury
forgery;?'""' y°U think pe ury 1:5 worse than
forge?™1'''" In th'S CaS0 W0 did not ,ook uP°n u as
not?"*''0*1' YouIo<>kci1 upon it as fraud, did you
"Answer. It is fraud—yes, sir.
tbavosaid both ways. First,
tbat joudid not know it was u, foiirer? then tint
you did, ami you did not Look upon it a/a fo^Vy.
Anstop. When I said I did not know it wm -i
Syganswcr^USt hilVe b®°n a misuilderstauaii3g of
It tlic further shameless treatment, of the
witness can be understood, it certainly js to
