182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
which was read, and, under the law, referred
to the Committee on Printing:
Retohetl. That there be printed for the use of the
Committee of Claims and the commissioners of
claims one thousand copies of the last report of said
commissioners of claims in addition to the number
usually printed.
insurance claims.
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported
a bill ^H. R. No. 31o'J) to authorize the
Attorney General to examine into the claims
of certain insurance companies for losses,
4c.; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
postal cards, stamps, etc.
Mr. RANDALL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Be o',ved, That the Postmaster General be directed
to communicate to this House, at the earliest prac-
ticable moment, all information in his possession,
including all correspondence to and by the Post
Office Department, touching the style, cost, and con-
tract for the postal cards ordered at the last session
of this Congress; also, all correspondence and other
information touching the present contract for post-
age stamps, the change in the stamps adopted under
such contract, and the causes for it; to what, if any,
extent the Government was loser; when the present
contract expires, and what steps, if any, have been
taken for advertising for proposals under the law
both as to postal cards and postage stamps.
ordek of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour begins
at thirteen minutes past twelve o'clock ; and
reports are in order from the Committee on
Patents.
PATENT of joseph fox.
Mr. DUBOSE, from the Committee on
Patents, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3133) to
enable Joseph Fox to make application to the
Commissioner of Patents for the extension of
letters-paten t for machines for making crackers;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill allows Joseph Fox, of Lansingburg,
Rensselaer county, State of New York, to make
application to the Commissioner of Patents
for an extension of the letters-patent granted
to him for a machine for making crackers,
under date of February 1, 1859, for the term
of seven years from the expiration of the ori-
ginal term of fourteen years for which the pat-
ent was granted. The application is to be
made in the same manner and to have the
sam<  effect as if it had been filed not less than
ninety days before the expiration of the ori-
ginal term ; and upon the filing of the applica-
tion the Commissioner is authorized to consider
and determine the same in the same manner
and with the same effect as if the application
had been duly filed within the time prescribed
by law and as if the original term of the pat-
ent had not expired. But if the extension be
granted, no person is to be held liable for
infringement in consequence of making use of
the invention since the expiration of the ori-
ginal term of the patent and prior to the date of
its extension.
_Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to inquire whether
this is the case referred to in a circular which
has been laid on our desks this morning?
Mr. DUBOSE. It is not. That circular
relates to a rock-drill case. This is a cracker
machine.
Mr. COGHLAN. Is there any report ac-
companying the bill?
Mr. DUBOSE. In this case the commit-
tee were unanimous in their report; and as it
is so small a matter and belongs to a class of
cases upon which this House has uniformly
acted favorably, we thought it unnecessary to
make a report in writing. I will state that the
applicant in this case, through a mistake of
his attorney, filed his application for a renewal
only seventy-eight days before the expiration
of the patent, instead of ninety days as re-
| quired by law. This bill merely relieves him
from the disability arising from his having
made his application a few days too late, and
allows him to go before the Commissioner with
the same rights as if he had filed his applica-
tion within the time prescribed by law. It
does not give him any additional privileges
whatever.
internal revenue.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
a bill (H. R. No. 2994) for the reduction of
officers and expenses of the internal revenue.
The SPEAKER. As the Chair understands,
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
moves that the House non-concur with the
amendments of the Senate to the bill just re-
turned, and ask a committee of conference.
That is the motion the gentleman submitted
yesterday.
Mr. DAWES. But, unfortunately for the
motion, the bill was not before the House at
that time ; and now I am instructed by my
committee to make another motion; that is,
to concur in all the amendments but one, and
ask a vote of the House upon that one, all the
others being merely formal. If the House
should concur in all the amendments, that is
the end of the question; if we should non-
concur, the matter can go to a committee of
conference.
I The SPEAKER. The Chair will submit
I the question to the House at the close of the
morning hour.
joseph fox.
The SPEAKER. The question on the
pending bill is upon ordering it to be engrossed
and read a third time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
I accordingly read the third time, and passed.
I Mr. DUBOSE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
j that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table. |
The latter motion was agreed to.
internal revenue bills.
Mr. DAWES. I do not think the Commit-
tee on Patents will object if I ask the House
for unanimous consent to call up the bill re-
| turned from the Senate, in order that the
j amendment may be acted on at this time.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
daniel woodbury.
Mr. HIBBARD, from the Committee on
j Patents, submitted an adverse report on the
petition of Daniel Woodbury for an extension
of patent for improvement in horse-power;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HIBBARD. Mr. Speaker, as the rea-
sons which have governed the committee in
making this report are applicable to many
other cases, I ask, in addition to its being
printed, that it also be published in the Globe
as part of the debates.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The report is as follows:
The Committee on Patents, to whom were referred
the petition of Daniel Woodbury, praying for an :
extension of letters-patent granted to him on the
26th day of August, 1846, for an improvement in
horse-power, and the accompanying papers, report
that prior to the expiration of said letters-patent
the petitionermadeapplication to the Commissioner
of Patents, in due form of law, for an extension of
said letters-patent. A full bearing was had upon
said applicationbefore Hon. Philip F.Thomas, then
Commissioner, in which hearing the petitioner in-
troduced evidence in support of all the issues it was
incumbent on him to prove in order to be entitled
to an extension. An examiner, to whom the case
was referred, made a favorable report, but the Com-
missioner, after hearing the ease, refused to grant
an extension, assigning in substance the following
reasons: first, beeause tho applicant had not filed
an account of his receipts and expenditures, as re-
quired by law, so as to exhibit an account of loss
and profits, but had only stated generally that he
had received a certain sum of money, and held notes
for a, certain other sum ; second, because tho appli-
! cant had not furnished sufficient proof of the value
of the invention to enable the Commissioner to
judge whether he had been adequately remunerated;
third, becauso tho applicant had not furnished suffi-
cient evidence of the diligence employed in intro-
ducing his invention into use.
The petitioner contends that upon a careful con-
sideration of tho evidence which was used at the
hearing before the Commissioner, copies of which
have been laid before the committee, it ought to be
determined that the decision of the Commissioner
was erroneous upon each of the three grounds above
mentioned. He has also furnished additional testi-
mony of a cumulative character, and not in the na-
ture of newly discovered testimony, upon which ho
claims that the committee, whatever might be their
opinion as to tho sufficiency of the original evidence,
ought now to decide that the ease of the petitioner
is made out, and to report a bill in his favor. But it is
not denied that the petitioner had a full and complete
hearing before tho Commissioner. His position is that
the Commissioner made  n erroneous decision upon
the evidence before him ; or at all events, that upon
that and additional evidence now furnished it ap-
pears that the petitioner was entitled to an exten-
sion. The committee are clearly of the opinion that
no such practice can be tolerated as favorable ac-
tion in this case would introduce. It would convert
Congress into a vast court of appellate jurisdiction,
before which nearly every important application
for an extension decided adversely by the Commis-
sioner would be brought. It can make no differ-
ence that the petitioner asks not for an absoluto
extension, but for a rehearing before the present
Commissioner. Hi8 petition involves an investiga-
tion into the merits of his case, first by Congress, and
second by the Commissioner of Patents. The com-
mittee are of the opinion that where no fraud is
alleged the decision of the Commissioner is nearly
analogous to that of a court or jury. His findings
upon the issues involved in the hearing must gen-
erally be held conclusive, except in cases where a
new trial would bo granted by a court. The appli-
cant for an extension, if he had a fair hearing, is
not to be heard to say that an unjust decision was
made against him. The committee have not, there-
fore, deemed it necessary to consider the testimony
in this case with a view to decide whether the Com-
missioner came to a wrong conclusion upon all of
the points before mentioned; for it will be ob-
served that the Commissioner made An adverse
decision upon three grounds, each of which was fatal
to the application for an extension. It may be
remarked that the attention of the applicant was
called to thewant of a suitable account of receipts
! and expenditures, and an opportunity given him
! to supply the deficiency, and that he furnished a
j further statement, but the Commissioner held it
! insufficient. This, therefore, was not a case of
) defective account occasioned by ignorance of the
applicant as to what account the law required him
to make. The committee do not intend to reverse
the action they have heretofore taken in cases " for
the correction of errors," nor would they refuse to
grant relief in such cases of accident, misfortune or
I surprise, as might entitle the party to say that he was
deprivedof a fair hearing; but the accident, misfor-
tune, or surprite must not rest wholly in the fact that
theapplicantaupposed, or even had reason tosuppose,
he had made out a good ease, but found the decision
unexpectedly against him. It can be no part of the
duty of Congress to revise tho action of the Coin-
' missioner of Patents in weighing and balancing
testimony.
In deciding this case the committee have not
relied on the great length of time (nearly twelve
years) which has elapsed since the expiration of this
patent, nor considered whether the evidence shows,
as tho petitioner has contended, a sufficient reason
for so long delay. The committee have considered
the question discussed in this report more carefully
than they would have deemed necessary had the
practice of Congress and of its committees hereto-
fore been uniformly as is herein recommended, but
it has not. On the contrary, the Committee on
Patents of the Thirty-Sixth Congress reported a
bill to the House providing for a rehearing in this
case, which subsequently passed the House, and
being sent to the Senate, there received i favorable
report from the Committee on Patents, but was not
acted on in the Senate, probably for want of time.
But, for tho reasons assigned, the committee, being
of theopinion that tho petitioner is entitled neither
to an extension nor to a rehearing, recommend that
the prayer of the petitioner be denied, and that said
petition and the accompanying papers be laid on
the table.
rebecca a. marcher.
Mr. L. MYERS, from the Committee on
Patents, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3134) foi
the relief of Rebecca A. Marcher, widow of
Robert Marcher, deceased ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Commissioner of Patents, on due application
made to him therefor, and upon the same evi-
dence and rules of loss as in the ordinary
extension cases, be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to extend the patent of Robert Marcher
for an improvement in machinery for enamel-
