1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
In the total of foreign, American, and Brit-
ish ships entering the ports of the United
States from Great Britain in 1860, we held in
American vessels seventy-one per cent., and
this in 1871 had fallen to nineteen per cent.
Our former average of seventy-one per cent,
in the total of both direct and indirect carry-
ing trade of 1860 is now reduced to fifteen per
cent.
To what is this ruinous decline in the carry-
ing trade upon the ocean, which in 1860-61
was the most prosperous in the world's history,
to be charged? Is it the result of the four
years' war from 1861 to 1865? Let us see.
"When the first battle of that war was fought
in 1861—
In the month of July, the registerd and enrolled
tonnage of the United States was... 5,539,813 tons.
In July, 1865, when the war was ended,
the registered and enrolled tonnage
was  5,096,781 "
Showing a decrease of only  443,032 "
This seems to be the largest decrease that
can be charged to the war, for in July, 1870,
four years afier the ending of the war, the total
registered and enrolled tonnage was only
4,246,507. No, sir; it was not wholly the result
of the war; the 443,032 tons were apparently
the whole loss by that, and that number is but
little more than the product of a single year's
former building to replace the loss from nat-
ural causes of decay and wreck. The figures
demonstrate this fact, and they demonstrate
further that it was largely the result of a differ-
ent war—a war of economy by screw iron
steamships against side-wheel wooden ships;
a war of well-cared for builders and mariners
against builders and mariners who received no
aid or care whatever.
In 1861 our shipping comprised the follow-
ing: in foreign trade, known as registered
tonnage, 2,642,628 tons; in coastwise trade,
known as enrolled and licensed tonnage,
2,807,185 tons. The official returns of 1871
show that we now have in the foreign trade a
registered tonnage of only 1,425,142 tons ; in
the coastwise or enrolled and licensed ton-
nage, 2,857,465 tons, thus showing a loss in
the registered tonnage of 1,217,480 tons, and
in the enrolled or licensed tonnage a loss of
89,720 tons.
But, air, there is a greater loss than thus
appears. Barges and canal boats have been
classed with the coastwise or enrolled and
licensed tonnage. They are no more entitled
to such classification than are the boats of a
ship, or railway cars, or wagons. They are
the mere accessories of tonnage. No distinct
01- separate account of this class appears in the
official returns of 1860-61 further than 371 of
such barges and boats were built in that year.
'I his, at the average of tons now shown by the
whole number of 8,786 of such boats, aggre-
gating 908,815 tons, and the average of the
number built in 1871, would give a tonnage
Of 383,276 tons for 1860-61
Deducting each of these so-called tonnages
from their respective years leaves an actual
coastwise tonnage for 1861 of 2,503,909 tons,
and an actual coastwise tonnage for 1871 of
1,948,650 tons ; showing 'that we have lost of
this home or coastwise tonnage, in which we
believed ourselves invulnerable, no less than
554,259 tons, and that our total loss in tonnage
is 1,811,465 tons, leaving us, of the two classes
combined, as our national tonnage only 3,728,-
348 tons. For every ton we have lost Eng-
land has gained two and one eighth tons;
thus demonstrating that she not only took ours
but gathered in the per cent, of increase due
to_that increaso of commerce created by steam-
ships throughout the world. This willbe more
clearly understood by the exact figures. At
the beginning of our war our total tonnage
was 5,539,813 tons; England had a total ton-
nage of 5,895,309 tons; our total tonnage is
now reduced to 3,728,348 tons; the tonnage
of the British Empire is now 7,150,841 tons;
and including her colonies and American pos-
sessions, is 9,981,237 tons; our total loss of
tonnage in that time is 1,811.465; England's
total gain of tonnage is 3,885,868 tons.
Mr. President, we gained in our tonnage
during the war of the Revolution. We gained
in tonnage during the war of 1812. But those
were the days of timber, of the broadax, the
saw, and the adze, when the master-builder
had only to provide a plat of land beside deep
water, erect a few sheltering sheds, dig out a
saw-pit, and call workmen round him, who
came with their tools, to hew out, shape, and
put together the wood material of the ships
of those times. Then Great Britain, so far
from having advantage, was forced to acknowl-
edge, by the well fought battles of wars and by
the less conspicuous but none the less hon-
orable struggles in the peaceful pursuits of
commerce, the superiority of the ships which
the intelligence of our builders created and
the hardihood of our mariners navigated. But
in those days all ships were built of wood, and
in the pursuit of commerce a single ship
well manned, and found, often, with her
owners in her, started upon voyages of direct,
indirect, or circular trade, to return at the
end of six months, a year, or two years, to
sum up and divide th'e profits, most frequently
to reinvest their profits in new ships. Now
all is changed. A single steamer could not
pay her way upon any route. There must
be many steamers, enough to form a line
of regular departures and arrivals. It is the
certainty of such departures and arrivals at
short and exact intervals that has caused iron-
screw steamers, composing the regular lines,
to absorb the bulk of the carrying trade. To
form such a line requires an associate or cor-
porate company, with vast capital, expensive
piers, landing-docks, warehouses, and a well-
trained staff. In the creation of a single
steamer, or of the many steamers to form a
line, the broadax, adze, and saw have little
part. The builder of timber ships, with his
hard headed common sense and native talent,
must add to these the education, training, and
experience of the civil engineer, with the capi-
tal of a millionaire, or the aggregate capital
of a corporate company, before he can make
the first advance toward iron ship-building.
When thus prepared the small plat of land,
not necessarily more than one and a half
times the length by three times the breadth
of the building ship, with the few sheds, saw-
pit, and blacksmith shop, must give place to
acres of lands with piers, docks, costly struc-
tures for steam machinery, for furnaces, roll-
ing mills, erecting houses, countless small
machinery and tools, with ample capital to
secure stores of material, or ruin follows the
enterprise.
Mr. President, nations of greatest commer-
cial power control other nations. No nation
has risen to this power but through ship-
builders ; and to the ship-builder and his great
art all are indebted for the growth of civiliza-
tion by the extension of commercial relations.
In all ages, in all countries penetrated or
surrounded by navigable waters, it was the
ship-builder's enterprise which stimulated that
of the merchant. It was the ship-builder's
creative power of suiting ships for distinct en-
terprises and services that led merchants first
and Government afterward to enter into such
enterprises and require such services, not only
as means of securing prosperity, but protec-
tion by maritime defense. This led to extended
commercial marine, and upon this rests entirely
the ability of a maritime nation to sustain itself,
not only m the peaceful contests for a more
extended prosperity of its people, but in any
conflict of war which may arise for their de-
fense. Our navigation laws were based upon
these principles, and framed expressly to secure
to our country the greatest development in the
ship-building art, that it might have the surest
reliance upon the ships to be produced from
itforthese purposes. Our distinguished states-
man, Mr. Webster, has said :
"Maritime defense, commercial regulation, and
national revenue were laid at the foundation ot our
national compacts. They are its leading principles
and causes of its existence. They were primary
considerations, not only with the Convention which
framed the Constitution, but also with the people
when they adopted it. They were the objects, and
the only important objects to which the States were
confessedly incompetent. To effect these by the
means of the national Government was the constant,
the prevalent, the exhaustless topic of those who
favored the adoption of the Constitution."
These great objects, Mr. President, " Mari-
time defense," "commercial regulation," and
"national revenue," emphatically rest upon
the home production of our ships. Banish
entirely the ship-building art from us, and
where is our reliance for these? None, sir.
No reliance for defense ; none for proteciion 5
none to secure our national revenue. Open
your registers to foreign built ships, what is
the result? No extension of our commerce,
because that incentive of the ship-builder is
gone which at all times has prompted the
merchant to engage in shipping trade. No
advantage comes to national revenue, be-
cause our foreign trade would diminish, the
very ships which might come to our registers
would be mainly for the purpose of smug-
gling in the iron of which they are built to be
finally broken up and sold as old iron to avoid
paying duty.
American merchants would not to any ex-
tent purchase new foreign ships. American
merchants do not wish to do so, they have
sought no such privilege, but it has been
sought by foreign agents—I will not say by
foreign Governments, although it is greatly to
the advantage of many that our ability to pro-
duce ships should be destroyed—but I will say
by the agents of foreign interests, which would
be vastly benefited if our whole mechanical
and manufacturing industries could be re-
stra;ned from advance, if not entirely de-
stroyed. By this one great foreign industry,
foreign ship-building, some of the press have
been subsidized. We have had advice from
newspapers, from pamphleteers, and from
lobbyists, to admit foreign ships to free
registration—that our ship-builders should be
destroyed, that the great principles of the
national compact as expounded by Mr. Web-
ster should be overturned.
We had no such applications for free regis-
tration, when all ships were of wood. We
had no such appliances set to work then to
destroy this the greatest of national industries,
because our builders were at that time able to
enter upon any contest; now ihey are not be-
cause of the change in material, and in the
vastness of capital required to be concentrated
to produce the iron screw steamship which has
taken the place of the wooden ship in trans-
atlantic commerce. These changes have
brought foreign Governments forward to aid
their ship-builders in massing cheaply and
wielding the necessary capital. These changes
have for a time paralyzed our builders, and
caused our losses in tonnage, in the carrying
trade, in position, and in national wealth.
Let us see what this loss to national wealth,
this moneyed loss, has been by our failure to
deal practically and boldly in seizing upon and
wielding this new element of iron ships in the
carrying trade of commerce.
In the three years preceding the war the
carrying trade between the United States and
Europe averaged a value of ocean-borne com-
merce of $662,805,188 per year; the animal
freight profitupon this was equal to $52,992,414.
In the three years ending with 1870 this
carrying trade between the United States and
Europe in ocean borne values has increased to
$905,249,659 per year, and the annual profit
of freight to $72,419,072.
This would give an annual average for the
twelve years—had the intermediate term re-
