1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1149
instead of I wo hundred and twenty per cent. ,is
about three hundred and seventy jaer cent.,
The difference of one huudred and fifty per
cent, is caused mainly by the transportation
of the iron in its progressive stages from place
to place before it is converted from pig to
plate and angle iron. It will be seen that this
disappears if the ore is converted through all
the processes at one place, as contemplated in
this yard. If it is objected that the freight on
coal and ores will equal this first named trans-
portation, the reply is that this company claim
to have secured the control of the finest ore
and coal land which are connected by water
communication with the waters of the Atlan-
tic. and that by using their own boats there
will be but one transportation, and that this
will not exceed forty cents per ton, which is
actually less than transportation costs of sim-
ilar material in Great Britain on an average
as between the mines and ship-yards.
Practically illustrative of the great value of
such a building-yard as this, I will state that a
company was formed about two years ago to
establish a line of American steamers to
Europe. A contract was made more than
fourteen months since to build ships ; the first
is, though launched, not yet ready. The iron
for the frames of all had to be rolled at a mill
some twenty-eight miles from the yard, the
plates at fifty-eight, and one hundred and seven
miles; other portions at places varying from
ninety-eight to one hundred and seven miles
distant, then brought to the ship-yard to be
reshaped. Some heavy part of the engines
and most of the small fittings were subject
to the same difficulties and delays. Now,
sir, ship-building cannot be successful under
such disadvantages. It may be answered,
"these building-yards will grow." I admit it;
but, sir, they will grow faster and be stronger
if aided as provided by this bill. We have not
time to wait for slow development, our diffi-
culties and losses have been caused by thus
waiting, and these admonish us that the time
for action has come, unless we determine to
abandon our shipping interest to our rivals.
Mr. President, the western yard is based
upon like conditions of advantage, and upon
proposals and plans similar to those o{ the
first named company. Its erection in the
waters of the West will prove of inestimable
benefit in producing iron steamboats—iron
throughout. Steamboats which will bear life
and property over the length of the interior
waters in greater safety, and by the facility
with which those of extreme lightness of
draft cau be created, may run throughout the
year, and in all stages, whether of high or
low water, thus securing that equality of price
in transportation so much needed to develop
the great grain productions of the West.
It is said, sir, that in the far West, when the
fall of the rivers takes place, the price of trans-
portation by railroads advances from twenty-
five to one hundred per cent. This retards
shipments and causes destruction of vast quan-
tities of products which cannot bear this ex-
cess of railroad freight. The railroad com-
panies cannot be censured for this, they gain
little by it, for it must be borne in mind that
to meet the demand for unexpected freight
they must send empty cars, empty trains, to
accommodate it. With boats and roads ready
at all times—and there is freight enough for
both—each would find profitable employment,
the agricultural interests be made more pro-
ductive, and greater national wealth be real-
The facilities for increase which these yards
will give can scarce be estimated. Take the
sbip-builders in Maine, where wood of special
fitness is abundant, extend the aid of this
Atlantic yard to them in creating certain por-
tions of framings, bottoms, and engines at
th* fair prices provided fur; they will pro-
duce a peculiar form of composite vessel as
durable, reliable, and economical in use as
iron, capable of being metaled for as extended
voyages as wooden ships without fouling; ves-
sels adapted to tropical climates, suited for
use in the further seas of Japan, China, and
the Indies, and at prices which will bring
back those profits of ship-building which for
the last twelve years have gone into the hands
of our foreign rivals. The ship-builders of
Massachusetts, of Connecticut, of New York,
of Pennsylvania, or of any other State, each
having their specialties of advantage, each will
find new advantages, under the facilities we
provide by this first building-yard, to grow to
their full development and to reach prosperity
by this material of iron and its combination,
equal, and I believe superior, to any former
prosperity they have enjoyed.
Mr. President, these building-yards are to be
established by the safest, the lightest of pos-
sible aids from the Government, by the simple
guaranty of the bonds; this guarantee made
secure by the property—a kind of property
which in Great Britain is the most product-
ive of any other—a property always wanted
by the Government, useful to it at a value of
more than its cost. The paymentof the inter-
est is provided for, as it accrues as soon as
the yards are complete, and the liquidation
of the bonds is provided for by a sinking fund,
which the Government controls. There seems
to be no chance or loop whereby the company
can postpone the payment of either at its exact
maturity, It is the credit of the guarantee alone
each company ask for. The amount named
for the international company is $5,000,000 ;
the amount for the Western Iron Boat Build-
ing Company as named by it is $3,000,000.
The amount of the first I believe none too
large, especially as this company are to create
from their own resources, as soon as the yard
is sufficiently advanced for building, a fleet of
twelve steamships—none of which are to be
less than three thousand tons—for a line to
Europe, and subject to the use of the Govern-
ment when required.
The amount provided for the western yard
I think may be reduced to two, and perhaps
one, million dollars. By not having such
facilities as these yards provide we have lost
immeasurably; and just here, before I close,
it may not be out of place or useless to sum up
these losses. In twelve years, by neglecting
to use our great advantages, the carrying trade
upon the ocean, of which we had seventy-one
per cent., has sunk to thirty-eight per cent.
The carrying trade between our own and
European ports, of which we had sixty-seven
per cent., lias sunk to fifteen per cent. In the
direct trade between the United States and
England in 1860 we had in American vessels
sixty-four cent., which has sunk to nineteen
percent. In twelve years England's commerce
has doubled, while ours has remained nearly
stationary if taken at gold value.
In our participation in the world's commerce
in 1860 we had thirteen per cent., and this has
sunk to nine and a quarter per cent.; while all
nations have increased on an average of more
than fifty per cent. We have lost m actual
money earnings in that period on the ocean
carrying trade in freights only $454,117,844.
We have lost in the transportation of immi-
grants and other ocean-borne passengers
5162,190,636. We have lost m the building
of ships to supply foreign orders, if computed
only at former average, $33,626,040. Wehave
lost in the ratio of developed commerce of the
world in the ten years since 1860, $4,578,000,-
000. We have lost the earning power of
1,811,465 tons of shipping, which at its average
ratio gave and would give annually $88,040,774.
It becomes a serious question whether if
these losses, going on unchecked, will not per-
petuate a drain of the vitality of the country
until they end in national bankruptcy. Such
has been the result to other nations, why not
to ours?
Mr. President, I said it was my hope that
the statement I should make might aid us to
place our country in its true position of hold-
ing again not only its lost carrying trade, but
of adding to its former state. To do this I
have shown why we could not keep our place
in ship-building, and that upon this depended
the carrying trade.
These facts I have demonstrated from our
own printed official returns of commerce and
navigation. I have shown that our loss of the
carrying trade was not caused wholly by our
domestic war, but that it was the result of a
war of economy waged by subsidized iron
screw steamships in the control of foreign in-
terest, against our unaided side-wheel wooden
steamers and sailing ships. I have shown that
the control of the foreign carrying trade en-
ables its holders to make ruinous combinations
against our agricultural and cotton-planting
interests. I have shown that maritime nations
which failed to build their own ships and retain
their ocean carrying trade sank to ruin, or lost
their national rank. I have demonstrated that
the aid extended by Great Britain to build up
her iron-ship yards and iron steamship carriers,
great as it was, has been returned to her Gov-
ernment and people by naval supremacy, and
unprecedented commerce, and the most mu-
nificent individual and national wealth. I have
demonstrated by reliable statistics from our
own official reports that our commercial inde-
pendence is being rapidly undermined, and
must soon be destroyed unless we aid, as other
nations have aided, in creating the means for
its firmer strength and complete restoration.
Recognizing these facts, and the underlying
causes which developed them, as well as the
means and the strength and the aids to re-
move or reverse these causes, the Secretary
of the Navy has pointed out the first, the most
necessary means—the creation of iron-ship
building yards in the manner provided by
this bill.
Recognizing these facts, and the necessity
of checking their ruinous effect, the Secretary
of the Treasury told us in his report of 1870—
" That one of the most efficient means of strength-
ening the country in its financial relations with
other countries is the development of our commer-
cial marine."
And that—
"If the entireforeign carrying trado of the country,
imports and exports, were carried on in American
ships, the earnings would not be less than §(5,000,u0u
annually."
And further, that he deems "it essential to
our prosperity that the shipping interests of
the country be fostered, not only as a nursery
for seamen, but as an essential agency in
enabling Government to institute and main-
tain specie payment."
Again, in his last report to Congress, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury says:
"The revival of our foreign commerce is one in-
strumentality, and perhaps the most efficient one of
all, to restore and maintain specie payments. If the
annual earnings of American vessels were eighty mil-
lions instead of thirty, the difference in the amount
of exchange available abroad would meet a
part of the adverse balance in ordinary years, itie
experience of Europe tends to show that the ability
of a country to maintain specie payments is due
largely to the condition of its foreign trade.
Mr. President, the honorable Secretary is
correct. He might have added that the turn-
ing of these balances against a nation until it
is a constant debtor drains it of its vital power
until it is destroyed, or by a revolution of its
people new vigor is given to regain its pros-
perity. The best way to do this, it seems to
me, is first to provide such building facilities
as are required to produce the iron steamships
to reverse the course of carrying trade, now so
much against us, so that it shall again be in our
favor. This bill provides the first of these meas-
ures : to aid our industries to regain our ocean
independence. It is not sectional, it is notpar-
I tisan ; but it is patriotic, it is American. It
' promises aid to the whole people, to the whole
i country. Give this aid, and American mge-
' nuity, industry, vigor, and energy will accom-
plish all the remaining conditions, to place our
country where the most earnest and proudest
