186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
Mr. PERCE. It ia not proposed to cut off
debate at all. The five-minutes debate will be
in Cull operation.
The question was upon the motion to limit
debate to one minute; and being put, there
were—ayes 65, noes 61.
So the motion was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the Private
Calendar; and being put, the motion was
agreed to.
WILLIAM AND MARY COLLEGE.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the Private Calendar, (Mr. L. Myers
in the chair,) and proceeded to the considera-
tion of the bill (H. R. No. 1338) to reimburse
the College of William and Mary, in Virginia,
for property destroyed during the war of the
rebellion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I thought we went
into Committee on the Whole on the Private
Calendar generally.
The CHAIRMAN. This ia the first bill
upon the Calendar.
Mr. PERCE. I call for the reading of the
bill.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Wil-
liam and Mary College in Virginia the sum
of $65,000 to reimburse the college for the
destruction of its buildings and other property
destroyed without authority by disorderly sol-
diers of the United States during the late re-
bellion, no money to be paid except upon
accounts of such destruction and damages,
duly verified and proven.
Mr. PERCE. This bill for the relief of the
College of William and Mary has been perhaps
debated as much and is understood as well as
any bill now before the House. I do not care
to go into an argument in regard to the pro-
priety or impropriety of paying the college for
the destruction of its buildings.
The facts are sufficiently proven, and I be-
lieve the House is ready to pass upon it now.
I will therefore leave the matter to be debated,
if it be desired by members, under the five
miuutes rule.
Mr. SHANKS. I offer the following amend-
ment to the bill:
Provided, That no part of said sum of $65,000 shall
be paid or delivered, or a warrant or order issued
therefor under the provisions of this act, until a reg-
ular meeting of the stockholders or equivalent cor-
porate authorities of said College of William and
Mary, after proper consideration, have adopted and
causcd to be entered upon the records of said corpor-
ation a resolution declaring said oollege to bo open,
and that it shall be for all time hereafter open for
the admission on equal terms and with equal priv-
ileges of all persons irrespective of race, color, or
filed with the Secretary of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, and entered upon the records of his office.
Mr. PERCE. Before the vote is taken on
that amendment I desire to say one word.
The re is, perhaps, no man in t.he House more
fully committed to the principles enunciated
in the bill known as the civil rights bill than I
am. The amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Indiana simply proposes to open
the College of William and Mary to all persons
without distinction of color. Now, I can say
that, for one, I believe all institutions of a
public character, and receiving Government
assistance, either State or national, should be
open to all the citizens of the United States.
But while I enunciate my principles in this
general form, I desire to say that it would be
entirely wrong to single out one college in the
country, and that perhaps a college of more
historic renown than any other, and make it
open its doors to all students, without distinc-
tion of race or color, while others are allowed
to make such distinction.
The question of the equality of the races is
not involved in the matter before the House.
The friends of this measure base the claim of
the College of William and Mary upon that high
plane of civilization which holds that institu-
tions of learning should be so far as is possible
removed from the casualties of human strife.
To introduce the question of equality of men,
is to obtrude a suoject no better established,
and entirely foreign to the subject.
I say further that an amendment of this
character, coming as it does from a gentleman
who is opposed to the bill, is offered for the
purpose of defeating the measure and not in
aid of it. The friends of this measure will go
as far as any toward the establishment of all
the civil rights of all the citizens of the United
States, but they consider such an invidious
distinction made as to one institution to be
entirely antagonistic to the measure.
The result of this amendment, if adopted,
will be that instead of making this a college
open to all the citizens of the United States,
it will be a college open only to the colored
citizens of the United States ; to close this col-
lege so far as any white students are concerned,
and to open it for colored students alone.
Now, sir, I believe I state the feelings and
desires of that class when I assert that the
colored citizens of America—and I represent
a constituency of colored men—do not desire
such a distinction. They desire that recog-
nition of their rights which is made in the
civil rights bill; they desire that every institu-
tion of learning—not one, but all—shall be
opened to them.
To a measure that will open the doors of
every institution of learning in the country to
all men without respect to their race or color,
the authorities of William and Mary College
and the friends of this measure on this side
of the House will have no objection. But as
this amendment, if adopted, will necessarily
make this a colored college, and not a college
for the instruction of both races with white
and colored pupils, and as such a distinction
of races is exactly what I understand the col-
ored men as well as the Republican party to
oppose, I enter my protest against it.
Mr. SHANKS. The statement just made
by the gentleman from Mississippi [Air. Perce]
sounds strangely when taken in .connection
with his opposition to this amendment. He
says that the corporate authorities of this insti-
tution are in favor of just what this amend-
ment proposes ; and yet he asks that $65,000
shall be taken from the Treasury and given to
this college, and opposes the very thing he
j says they are in favor of.
j If this was my money I might not insist upon
| this amendment, though I think I should ; but
j I should have the right to do as I pleased about
| it. But sitting here as I do, a member of this
I House, I have no alternative. The money in
I the Treasury of the United States which we
j are asked by this bill to donate to this institu-
: tion, comes from some three or four sources.
It comes from the tariff duties, which the negro
payB as well as the white; from internal reve-
nue upon whisky and tobacco, which he pays
as others do, if he uses those articles; trom
the sale of public lands, which belong to him
as an American citizen us well as to others.
From whatever source the money is derived,
it is the property of the whole people; and
I am not willing to take from the Treasury
one dollar of the public money to support a
school where by their action they show an
intention to keep a portion of the people from
the benefit of it.
Mr. PERCE. There is nothingin tho action
of this college to indicate that.
Mr. SHANK8. Then they should not pre-
vent us from saying upon what condition we
will let this money go which they ask us to
give. We propose that it shall go upon the
plain words of the Constitution itself. That
j is all that we ask, that equal rights shall be
j given to all people, irrespective of race, color,
I or previous condition of servitude. If this
was their own money, of course we would
have nothing to say about it. But this is the
people's money which they are asking for, and
we propose to attach this condition to it.
It is said that this college was destroyed by
irresponsible soldiers, not under the order of
any officer of the Army. Therefore, the Gov-
ernment is not responsible for the acts of any
irresponsible persons. It is admitted that when
this money goes from the Treasury it will be
simply a donation. Therefore, we have a right
to direct the mode and purpose of our dona-
tion. That is my reason for offering the amend-
ment.
Mr. CRITCHER. I desire to inform this
House that within a few miles of William and
Mary College there is a college—one of the
most flourishing in the State of Virginia—de-
voted exclusively to the education of colored
students. Hence, so far as regards the educa-
tion of this race, there is no necessity for the
adoption of such a provision as that now pend-
ing.
Mr. SHANKS. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Critcher]
whether the colored school of which he speaks
forbids the admission of white pupils?
Mr. CRITCHER. I am not aware of the
provisions of the charter ; but I know there is
no white student at that college.
Mr. SHANKS. That, I presume, is only a
matter of choice. Now, Mr. Speaker, one
word further and I will leave this subject.
The proposition of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Perce] that we intend to pass a
civil rights bill is a matter for the fature. If
the friends of this bill are willing that it shall
wait until a civil rights bill is passed and has
produced its proper effect upon that college,
then the purpose of my amendment will be
answered. But if this bill is to pass before the
civil rights bill, then I prefer that this amend-
ment shall be adopted.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. Mr. Chairman,
when this subject was up during the last ses-
sion I had the honor to address the House
upon it. I was then, as I still am. opposed to
the measure. After making my remarks on
that occasion, I learned that, General Roberts,
of Brooklyn, New York, was it or about the
time of the destruction of William and Mary
College stationed at Williamsburg, and was
supposed to be familiar with the facts as to the
burning of this institution. I immediately
addressed him a letter inquiring concerning
the matter. I had frequently heard it stated
to be an open question whether the building
was burned by our troops or by the rebels.
Supposing General Roberts better qualified
than any other person to give information upon
that point, I addressed him a letter of inquiry,
and t hold in my hand his reply. I desire to
have it read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. PERCE. Before that is read I desire
to inquire of the Chair whether debate upon
this amendment is not exhausted. The
letter to which the gentleman refers would
apply more properly to the main question
upon the passage of the bill, rather than to
the pending amendment. I desire that the
two questions should not be mixed in that way.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is cor-
rect. Debate upon the pending amendment is
exhausted.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I move then to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
word ; and I ask the Clerk to read the letter I
send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Brooklyn, New York, March 2,1871.
Dkab Sib: I do not positively know who burned
the building of William and Mary College in Wil-
liamsburg, Virginia, for I was not there at the time;
though 1 did lie there for about eleven months
afterward. But my impression, gained from much
intercourse with the people of the town and others,
and amounting to almost a moral certainty, is that
it was done by the rebels.
If any one should ask what motive they oould have
for the destruction of the building, I should reply
