2110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
of tho Committee on the Public Lands touching the
bill referrad to.
Very respectfully, ,
WILLIS DRUMMOND,
Oommiae ioner.
Hons. J. M. Rusk and 3. R. Stevenson,
House of ttextrezentatives.
Mr. HOLMAN. Doea the gentleman say
the Commissioner rules against these settlers?
Mr. STEVENSON. The Commissioner of
the General Land Office decides these lands
belong to the railroad company.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not the gentleman
know Congress possesses the i; nqualified power
to confirm the title to these lands ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I do; but I know that
practically Congress will do no such thing.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope Congress will do
an act of justice in this matter.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
76, noes 27.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no quorum ; and
as this is a grant of twenty thousand acres of
land, I insist on a further count.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman
will not do that. He and I have agreed on
all these questions. I have carefully consid-
ered this, and it does not contain any land
grant.
Mr. RUSK. The railroad company does
not want it, and this bill really is in the interest
of the settlers.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. If the railroad
company does not want it, then why do they
take it from the settlers ?
Mr. STEVENSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stevenson
and Mr. Holman were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 97, noes 81.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the bill was passed as amended.
On motion of Mr. STEVENSON, the title
was amended by inserting " claimed by " in-
stead of "belonging to."
The amendment was agreed to.
river and harbor bill
Mr. SAWYER. I submit the following
report from a committee of conference.
The Clerk read as follows :
The committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes of tho two Houses to tho amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. it. No. 3922; making appro-
priations for the repair, preservation, and comple-
tion of certain public works on rivers and harbors,
and for other purposes, having met, alter full and
free conference, liavo agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to thoir respective Houses as follows :
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
second, thiid, fifth,sixth,eighth, eleventh, twelfth,
thirteenth, fourteenth, sixteenth, seventeenth, eigh-
teenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-first, twenty-
second, twenty-third, twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth,
thirtieth, thirty-first, thirty-third, thirty-fifth,
thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh, thirty-eighth, thirty-
ninth, forty-first, forly-second, forty-third, forty-
fourth. forty-litlh. forty-sixth, forty-seventh, forty-
eighth, forty-ninth, fifty-first, fifty-second, fifty-
fourth, fifty-filth, fifty-oighth, and fifty-ninth
amendments of the Senate: and agree to tho same.
That the Senate recede from their amendments,
numbered 1, 4, 7, 9,15, 21. 26, 27, 29, 32, 34, 10, 50, 56,
and 57; and the House agree to the same.
That tho Houso recede from its disagreement to
tho tenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment as follows :
Strike out the word " twenty-five," and insert in
Jieu thereof tho word " fiftoenand the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the fifty-third amendment of tho Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: insert
in lieu of the matter proposed to bo strickon out by
said Senate amendment tho following words: "for
connecting tho inland waters along tho margin of
the Gulf of jUcxico, from Donaldrounth, in Louis-
iana, to the Rio Grando river, in Texas, by cuts
and canals, not to excecd $20,000 of the amount
herein appropriated for surveys of rivers and har-
bors, and at the Gi-roat Pedoo river, from Pine Bluff
to Cheraw, South Carolina: and the Senato agree to
the same.
PHILETUS SAWYER,
L. A. SHELDON,
JOHN LYNCH,
Managers on the part of tile House.
Z. CHANDLER,
WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,
GEO. VIOKERS.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
homesteads to actual settlers.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 450) to secure home-
steads to actual settlers on the public domain ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I desire to say
that this bill has been considered by the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and they instruct
me to request its passage with an amendment
which has the unanimous approval of the
committee. The bill was originally prepared
by the Commissioner of the General Land Of-
fice, and is a consolidation of all the home-
stead laws, or at least the best parts of the
homestead laws, and preserves the privileges
of those laws intact. The following is the
amendment I am instructed to offer.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add at the end of the first section:
But nothing horein shali bo construed as repealing
the act entitled "An act to enable honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors, their widows and
orphan children, to acquire homesteads on the pub-
lio lands," approved April 4,1872, or tho act amend-
atory thereof, approved June 8,1872.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I desire to offer
an amendment.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. We desire that
this bill shall now become a law, and I hope
that nothing will be put upon it that will pre-
vent that result.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. If the gentleman
will allow me, I will state the object of my
amendment. Under existing homestead laws
or preemption laws the old iron-clad oath was
required to be taken by everybody.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. The gentleman
is mistaken.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. The preemption
law certainly requires that.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. But this re-
peals the preemption law.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add to the bill as follows:
Provided, That no oath or affirmation other than
the oath or affirmation to support tho Constitution
of the United States shall hereafter be required to
bo taken by any person claiming the benefit of this
act, or the acts of which this is amendatory-
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I do not think
that there is any objection to that. But I will
state to Lhe gentleman from Kentucky that
there is no such oath now required.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. The Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office informed
me that by a liberal construction of existing
acts the oath might be dispensed with as re-
gards homesteads, but not as regards preemp-
tions.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. This repeals
all the preemption laws.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. There certainly
can be no harm in putting this in.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Add to the bill the following:
And all laws and parts of laws authorizing the
sale of public lands except as authorized in this act,
exccpt mineral and coal lauds and town sites, are
hereby repealed.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will not insist on that amendment.
I agree with the gentleman on the general
proposition which he submits, but if we go
on attaching amendments of that character to
the bill in these closing hours of the session,
it will certainly be lost. The amendment I
have offered is simply to perfect the bill, and
not to add to it any new provision. Unless
the amendment which I have offered were
adopted, the result would be that the soldiers'
homestead law which we passed last session
would be repealed. Therefore I have offered
this amendment to prevent the repeal of that
law. I do not yield for the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana.
The amendment reported by the committee
was agreed to.
The question was next on the amendment
offered by Mr. Beck, of Kentucky, and it was
agreed to.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois.- I offer, also,
the following amendment:
In section twenty-one, strike out the word "Jan-
uary" and insert "July."
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
bill as amended being read a third time and
passed ?
Mr. STOUGHTON. I object, and call for
a vote.
The question being put on ordering the bill
to be read the third time, it was decided in the
affirmative.
The bill as amended was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. POSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the com-
mittee had examined and found duly enrolled
bills of the following titles ; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A bill (S. No. 245) amendatory of an act
for the construction of a bridge across the
Arkansas river at Little Rock, Arkansas ;
A bill (S. No. 522) to provide for the sale of
the lands of the United States containing
coal;
A bill (H. R. No. 3850) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending June 30, 1874; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3921) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1874,
and for other purposes.
civil eights.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 99) to declare and enforce
the civil rights of citizens of the United States;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that who-
ever, being a corporation or natural person,
and owner, or in charge of any public inn ; or
of any place of public amusement or entertain-
ment for which a license from any legal au-
thority is required; or of any line of stage-
coaches, railroad, or other means of public
carriage of passengers or freight, shall make
any distinction as to admission or accommo-
dation therein of any citizen of the United
States, because of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, shall, on conviction
thereof, be fined not less than $500 nor more
than $5,000 for each offense ; and the person
or corporation so offending shali be liable to
the citizens thereby injured in damages to be
recovered in an action of debt. The second sec-
tion provides that the offenses under this acl,
and actions to recover damages, may be prose-
cuted before any territorial, district, or circuit
court of the United States having jurisdiction
of crimes at the place where the offense was
charged to have been committed, with a right
of appeal or to have a writ of error in any case
to the Supremo Court of the United States."
Mr. POLAND. I am instructed by the
select Committee on the Insurrectionary States
to offer the following amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend the first section by striking out after tho
words " be fined" tho words not less than $500 nor
more than $o,000," and insert " not less than fifty
dollars nor more than $1,000."
