1150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
of American hearts would have her—in the
front of the first nations of the earth.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As I suppose the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire does not desire to
press this bill to a conclusion at this time 
Mr. CRAGIN. I should be glad if the Sen-
ate were ready to take a vote upon it, but pre-
suming otherwise, in accordance with my
promise I certainly shall not press it now.
;Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, with a view to
move that the Senate take up the so-called
Alabama bill, whieh ought to be acted upon
speedily, I move that this bill be laid on the
table or returned to the Calendar. I move
that it be returned to the Calendar, to which I
suppose there is no objection.
The motion was agreed to.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 6th ultimo, a report of the chief
engineer of the Army relative to Duluth har-
bor ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
public building in parkeksburg.
On motion of Mr. BO RE MAN, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 363) to provide for
a building suitable for post office, for the accommo-
dation of the revenue officers, and the United States
courts and their officers, in the city of Parkorsburg,
West Virginia, be recommitted to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
de witt c. chipman.
Mr. AMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved. That five hundred copies of Senate re-
port No. 343 on the petition of t>. W. C. Ohipman
be printed for the use of the Committee on Finance.
„ mint laws.
f Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
f report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2934)
revising and amending the laws relative to the mints
and assay offices and coinage of the United States,
having met, after full and free confcrence have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recedo from its disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 1, 2, 3, 5,
7,10,11,13,14,15,16,17,18, and 20; and agree to the
same.
That the Senate recede from its fourth amend-
ment, and agreo to the words uroposed to be stricken
?>, • the following amendments: after the word
by, in line sixteen, insert "natural;" in lines
seventeen and eighteen strike out the words " on
the double-eagle and eagle, and one per cent, on
the other coins;" and in line nineteen, after "law,"
insert the words after a circulation of twenty years,
as shown by its date of coinage, and at a ratable
proportion for any period less than twenty years;"
and the House agree to the same.
lhat the House recede from its disagreement to
,s. amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendments: in line
Jive striko out the word "grains "at the end of the
lino, and insert in lieu thereof "grams (grammes*")
and m line six strike out "grain" and insert "gram
(gramme; ) and the Senate agree to the same.
\ L "ou>:'3 recede from its disagreement to
( the eighthamendmentoftheSenate, and agree to the
I same with the following amendments: after " silver"
, 'insert trade; strike out the words "half dollar,
; Quarter dollar, and thedime, respectively, there shall
be inscribed," and the word "the" before "fine-
. ness; and after "com." at the end of the amend-
ment, insert the words ''shall be inscribedand the
Senate agree to the same.
rtiinfnih * Houie recede from its disagreement to
mm*SlmeudlueSt of the Senate, and agree to the
, an amendment, as follows: strike out the
??, t0£e mserted, together with the re-
foflowincf n'and"> heu thereof insert the
SonnSi any owner of silvor bullion may
rtiSi 0 f\tny t0 be formed into bars
or into dollars of the weight of four hundred and
twenty grains troy, designated in this aofc as trade
dollars, and no deposit of silver for other coinage
shall be received; but silver bullion contained ?n
gold deposits, and separated therefrom, may be paid
tor in silver coin at such valuation as mav be from
time to time established by the IliS, „f S
MTfCAnclAteSenate^ree t0"Lsime °f th°
mat the Mouse recede from its disairrepmpnt
the twelfth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with amendments, as followsTstrfke ort
the words proposed to be inserted, and insert after
., or, in lino three, section twenty-six, the words
converting standard silver into trade dollars for
meiting and; and inline three, strike out "the-"
and tue eenate agree to the same. '
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the nineteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: insert
after, " New York," in line eight, page 36 of the bill,
the words " the United States assay office at Char-
lotte, North Carolina;" and the Senate agree to the
same- JOHN SHERMAN,
JOHN SCOTT.
T.'F. BAYARD,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
S. HOOPER,
WM. L. STOUGHTON.
Managers on the part of the House.
: The report was concurred in.
v   the geneva award.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the so-called
Alabama claims bill, being the bill (S. No.
1203) creating a commission to adjust the
compensation of the several claimants for
damages and for depredations by rebel cruis-
ers, to be discharged out of the indemnity
fund awarded by the tribunal of arbitration at
Geneva to be paid by Great Britain to the
United States.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am quite unwilling to
seem even to antagonize the bill that has been
called up by the Senator from Vermont; but
I deem it proper to say that the bill that I gave
notice 1 should call up was reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary before the bill
that the Senator now proposes to call up. 1
refer to the bill repealing the bankrupt law. I
think it is a matter of importance to the coun-
try that that question should be decided ohe
way or the other. If it can be understood that
when this bill shall be disposed of I shall have
the cooperation of its friends to take up the
one to which I refer, I shall not insist upon
antagonizing the measure I have in charge with
the one that is now called up. I think it is
due to that measure that it should be called up
now rather than the one called up by the Sen-
ator from Vermont. It was first reported, and
I think it ought to be first considered. If I can
have an assurance that we shall have at least
an opportunity to take up the bill to which I
refer when we get through with this bill, if
that shall be the understanding, I shall not
insist on dividing the Senate upon the ques-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is true, as the Senator
says, that the bill to which he refers was re-
ported as an original bill two days before the
Alabama bill was ; but the Alabama bill was
introduced in the very first days of the session,
and the reason why it was not reported earlier
was that it required a great deal of careful
attention and study and consideration from
the committee. The other bill was reported
as an original bill, in obedience to a resolu-
tion of the Senate, passed after the reference
of the first bill to the committee, to inquire
into the expediency of reporting such a bill.
Therefore, it does not stand in the usual order
of business first to be considered, on account
of the difficulty of considering with safety the
Alabama bill and the complicated questions
involved in it without more time than the
mere general question of the repeal of the
bankrupt law might take. It so happened,
as is true, that the Senator's bill was reported
two days before the other was ; but that, under
the circumstances, ought not to make any
difference.
I can assure my friend from Iowa that al-
though I am opposed to the repeal of the bank-
rupt law. I shall cheerfully unite with him in
voting to take up his bill for consideration at
the very earliest opportunity, because the ques-
tion ought to be met and ought to be decided
fairly and calmly upon a consideration of the
reasons on both sides; but I hope he will not
insist on asking the Senate to refuse to take
up this bill, which ought to be passed in the
interest of the people whom we are providing
for and in the interest of not being constantly
annoyed by a lobby (if it is proper to refer to
such things] in favor of special interests in
order to have this Alabama bill tinkered t,o
meet the views of certain persons who think
they can make money out of it. So I think the
sooner we- dispose of it, the better for all of us.
Mr. WRIGHT. I only desire to add that I
am quite willing that this bill shall be taken
up at the earliest day possible. I trust there
will be an understanding that after it shall be
disposed of we shall proceed to the consider-
ation of the bill to repeal the bankrupt law.
In doing that, of course I do not expect any
person to commit himself on the question
generally, "but that we shall reach the bill and
get a vote upon it. That is all I desire.
Mr. COLE. I cannot acquiesce in any such
agreement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the bill indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to.
amendment op bankrupt law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, as I see that the
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Carpenter] is
absent, if I shall not improperly intrude upon
his rights, as I do, but I know it is satisfactory
to him, I move to take up the conference report
from the House about the Boston people.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there any controversy
about that ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair lays
before the Senate the message from the House
of Representatives agreeing to the conference
report. • The Secretary will read the report.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conferenco of the Senate and
House of Representatives relative to the disagree-
ment of the two Houses on the amendment made
by the Senate to the House bill No, 3496, in the na-
ture of a substitute, entitled "An act to amend an
act entitled Anactto establish auniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States," ap-
proved March 2,1867, after a full and free conference,
have agreed to submit the following report:
That the House do recede from its disagreement
to the Senate amendment, and agree to the same
with amendments as follows : that the Senate amend-
ment be amended in line eleven thereof, by insert-
ing after the words " order made " in said line the
words or that shall be madeand further, in line
twelve thereof to strike out the words "and ex-
ecuted accordingly;" and further, bv inserting in
line fifteen thereof, after the word "remain," the
words ' actually or constructively."
^ And the committees of the two Houses respect-
ively do recommend that the bill so amended do
Pass. MATT. H. CARPENTER,
A. G. THURMAN,
FREDERICK A. SAWYER,
Conferees on the part of the Senate.
BENJAMIN F. BUTLER.
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
Conferees on the part of the Houie.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have looked into this
conference report, and find that it does not
essentially vary the substantial meaning of the
measure as it passed the Senate. It only
makes more elear what might be supposed to
have been left in doubt by the Senate amend-
ment, except in one particular, which is of no
practical importance. Therefore I am de-
sirous, a'd of these people at Boston, that
the report should be agreed to ; but I ought
to say, as adding to the singular history of this
affair, that the conferees appear to have re-
ported to the House of Representatives when
they ought to have reported to this body, in
order that we might have the opportunity to
act upon it_ before it had been sent to the
House, in violation of the parliamentary law.
I make no point upon that owing to the
urgency of this case, but I hope it will not
be drawn into a precedent as establishing a
parliamentary irregular method in the trans-
action of business between the two Houses.
The report should have been made to this
body first, and is entirely irregular in the way it
has been made ; but, as I say, I make no point
upon that, and only refer to it that it may not
be made a precedent for the future.
The report was concuned in.
vienna exposition
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the Alabama claims
bill.
