1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2111
Mr. ARCHER. Can this bill be amended ?
Mr. MOREY. I have an amendment which
I desire to offer.
Mr. COX. Does not the passage of this
bill require a two-thirds vote?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. COX. Then how do amendments come
in?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has allowed
them in the nature of modifications of the bill.
The Clerk read Mr. Morey's amendment
as follows:
Andtbat all political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of the
United States be, and they are hereby, repealed.
Mr. ARCHER. I suggest tc the gentleman
that he insert''and legal" after "political."
The question was put on the passage of the
bill with the amendments ; and on a division
there were—ayes 71, noes 53.
So (two-thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the bill retained its place upon the Speaker's
table.
act OF april 20, 1871.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 656) to extend the provis-
ions of the fourth section of the act approved
April 20, 1871.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
vides that the fourth section of the act of
April 20, 1871, shall continue in force until the
end of the next regular session of Congress.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
this bill was passed over nearly a year ago as
not being applicable.
Mr. STEVENSON. It has been superseded
by time.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill will be laid
aside.
steam-boiler explosions.
The next bus;n°ss on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 990) to authorize inquiries
into the causes of steam-boiler explosions.
The bill was read. The first section author-
izes the President of the United Slates to
cause such experiments to be made and such
information io be collected as in his opinion
may be useful atid important to guard against
the bursting of steam-boilers, and requests
him to communicate the same to Congress,
and also appropriates the sum of $100,000 tor
the purposes of the act.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, received its several
readings, and was passed.
timber in tiib west.
The nest business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 680) to encourage the
growth of timber ou the western prairies.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that any person who shall plant and protect,
and keep in a healthy growing condition for ten
years forty acres of timber trees thereon, not
being more than twelve feet ap^.rt each way, on
any quarter section of any public lands of the
United Stales, shall be entitled to a patent for
the whole of said quarter section at, the ex-
piration of the ten years on making proof of
the fact by not less than two credible witnesses.
The sccond section provides that tho person
applying for the benefits of the act shall, upon
application to the register and receiver of the
land office in which he or she is about to make
such entry, make affidavit that the said entry
is made for the cultivation of timber, and that
upon filing such affidavit with the said register
and receiver and the payment ot ten dollars,
he or sho shall be permitted to enter die quar-
ter section of land specified; provided that
no certificate be given or patent issued there-
for until the expiration of at least ten years
from the date of such entry, and if at the ex-
piration of such time, or three years there-
after, the person making such entry, or, it he
or she bo dead, his or her heirs or legal rep-
resentatives, shall prove by two credible wit-
nesses that they have cultivated and protected
such quantity and character of timber, they
shall receive a patent for such quarter section
of land, and that if at any time after filing the
said affidavit and prior to the issuing of the
patent for said lands it shall be proven, after
due notice to the parties, that such parties
abandoned or failed to cultivate the said lands,
the land shall revert to the United States.
The bill further provides that each and every
person who under the preemption and home-
stead laws, or any amendments thereto, having
a homestead and who at the end of the third
year of his or her residence thereon shall have
had under cultivation an acre of timber trees
thereon, not more than twelve feet apart each
way, and in good and thrifty condition, for
each and every one hundred and sixty acres of
homestead shall, on the proof of two credible
witnesses, receive a patent for the said home-
stead, and that none of the lands shall become
liable for the satisfaction of any debt or debts
contracted before.
The bill further provides that the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office shall'be
required to issue such rules and regulations
consistent with this act as shall be necessary
and proper to carry its provisions into effect,
and that the registers and receivers of the
several land offices shall be entitled to receive
the same compensation for the land entered
under the provisions of this act that they are
now entitled to receive when land is entered
with money; also that the provisions of the
act of March 3, 1807, shall extend to all the
affirmations, affidavits, and oaths required by
this act.
Mr. TAFPE. I move that this bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. Under the order of the
House now operating that motion is not in
order.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I think that this is a very
good bill, and I hope it will pass.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 60, noes 35; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Taffe were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 88, noes 37.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
the bill was passed.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr, FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that they
had examined and found truly enrolled the
following bills ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 187) to amend an act
entitled "An act to prevent smuggling, and
for other purposes," approved July 18, 1866 ;
An act (H. R. No. 694) to prevent cruelty
to animals while in transit by railroad or other
means of transportation within the United
States)
An act (H. E. No. 1130) to provide for the
purchase by the Secretary of War of land for
the United States in t-he State of Texas, for
the sites of forts and military posts ;
An act (H. R. No. 1207) granting an increase
of pension to Warren Raymond, a soldier of
the war of 1812;
An act (H. R. No. 1271) to amend an act
entitled an "Act granting a pension to Phebe
Sofield, widow of Lewis Sofield;
An act (H. R. No. 1891) to amend an act
entitled an "Act to establish the Department
of Justice, and for other purposes
An act (H. R. No. 2138) granting a pension
to Zenas Bradley, of Allen, Alleghany county,
New York;
An act (H. R. No. 2431) granting a pen-
sion to John Davis, corporal of the night-
watch on board the United States ship Octo-
rara;
An act (H. R. No. 2453) granting a pension
to Rosa Wollaner;
An act (H. R. No. 2479) granting a pension
to George H. E. Bailey;
An act (H. R. No. 2516) granting a pension
to Ivory F. Snow ;
An act (H. R. No. 2523) granting a pension
to Henry Riemann ;
An act (H. R. No. 2534) granting a pension
to Cordelia C. Dougherty ;
An act (H. R. No. 2539) for the relief of
Frederick Walter, company A fourth United
States artillery;
An act (H. R. No. 2-555) granting increase
of pension to Robert S. Dumont;
An act (H. R. No. 2874) to restore Absalom
Kirby as second assistant engineer in the
Navy ;
An act (H. R. No. 2767) granting a pension
to Ardella D. Warfield and Lindsley N. War-
field ;
An act (H. R. No. 2958) granting a pension
to Joseph Greer;
An act (H. R. No. 2959) to regulate the
taking of testimony in certain cases ;
An act (H. R. No. 3611) to remove the dis-
abilities of Sheldon F. Leake, of Albemarle
county, Virginia;
An act (H. R. No. 3443) for the relief of
E<fmund Jussen;
An act (H. R. No. 3470) to amend an act
entitled "An act granting the right of way to
the Walla-Walla and Columbia River Railroad
Company, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 1869;
An act (H. R. No. 3498) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1874;
An act (H. R. No. 3593) to confirm to Wil-
liam Marvin, the title to seven thousand acres
of land in the State of Florida;
An act (H. R. No. 3622) supplemental to
an act entitled "An act granting the fight of
way through the public lands for the construc-
tion of a railroad from Great Salt Lake to
Portland, Oregon," approved April 12, 1872;
An act (H. R. No. 3625) to amend an act
entitled ' 'An act governing the colored schools
of the District ot Columbia;"
An act (H. R. No. 3855) for the relief of
Josiah Morris and J. F. Johnson ;
An act (H. R. No. 3954) to relieve William
Smith, of Fauquier county, Virginia, of his
political disabilities;
An act (H. R. No. 4033) authorizing _ the
construction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at St. Louis, in the State of Missouri; and
An act (H. R. No. 4068) to enable the Sec-
retary of War to pay the expenses incurred in
suppressing the Indian hostilities in the Ter-
ritory of Montana, in the year 1867.
little rock and arkadelphia railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 597) to authorize the Little
Rock, Pine Bluff, and Arkadelphia South-
western Railroad Company to construct a
bridge over the Ouachita river at or near
Arkadelphia, Arkansas, which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, in the first section
provides that the Little Rock, Pine Bluff, and
Arkadelphia Southwestern Railroad Company,
a corporation organized under the general in-
corporation laws of the State of Arkansas, be
authorized to construct a bridge over the Oua-
chita river at or'near Arkadelphia, in the State
of Arkansas, for the purpose of terminating
the Little Rock, Pine Bluff, and Arkadelphia
Southwestern railroad at Arkadelphia, in said
State, and for the purpose of connecting said
railroad with any other railroad which may
run from said place; provided that the com-
pany may construct the bridge for the accom*
modation of foot-passengers, animals, and
vehicles of all kinds over the river, and shall
keep up, operate, and maintain said bridge.
The second section provides that said com
pany may build said bridge as a draw-bridge,-
with a pivot or other form of draw, or with
unbroken or continuous spans; provided that
if the same shall be made of unbroken or con-
tinuous spans it shall not be of less elevation
