1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
tb*t like the barnine «f Richmond upon its evacua-
tion, it vraj- probably done out of " pure oussedness."
I do know that wo gathered up the scattered vol-
umes ol the library and h.ui them placed in tho
h"u*a of one of the professors under charge of an
officer, and that the rebels during a subsequent tem-
porary occupation of the town wantonly mutilated
and destroyed many of the best books, throwing them
down from the shelves, tramping upon them on the
tloor, tearing haudsfull of leaves out of theui. c&o.
I take the liberty of saying that, like yoursoli, I
mu opposed to the pending bill, and I hope you will
be able to kill it. I confess that I was greatly sur-
'U 1UtTOdUS."f ROBEKTS.
Hon. John B. Hawlky, Washington, 1). V.
Mr. SPEER. Has the gentleman a copy of
the letter which he wrote to General Roberts?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I have not.
Mr. SPEER. I would like to have that
letter read.
Mr. HA WLEY, of Illinois. I simply wrote
sayiug tbat I learned he was acquainted with
the tacts and desired to know from him what
they were ; nothing more, nothing less.
Mr. SPEER. I suppose that the gentle-
man, in writing to General Roberts, indicated
his own views.
Mr. HA WLEY, of Illinois. I decline to be
interrupted further; I have but a few minutes.
It will be observed that General Roberts,
who went to Williamsburg immediately after
the destruction of this building and remained
there for eleven months, after intercourse with
all the people there during that period, states
it aa his impression and belief, derived from
all parties there, both rebels and Union men,
that the building was burned by the rebels
and not by our own forces. Further than
that, he states from his own knowledge of the
facts that many of the most valuable books,
if not the whole library, were placed in the
house of one of the professors of the college,
and were there watched over and protected
by oar troops so long as they remained in
possession, but when subsequently our troops
were driven out and the town was occupied
temporarily by the rebels, they took out the
books and destroyed them.
Yet gentlemen contend that we should pay
for this college, which, as I contended on a
former occasion and now contend, was de-
stroyed by the rebels, and not by our troops, or
if destroyed by our troops, destroyed in actual
battle; and we are asked also to pay for this
library, which was destroyed by the rebels
themselves, as shown by the letter of General
Roberts, which has been read for the informa-
tion of the committee.
I hope the bill will be voted down.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOAR obtained the floor.
Mr. PERCE. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds I wish to say one word.
Mr. HOAR. I do not yield if it comes out
of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. It will come out of the
gentleman's time.
Mr. HOAR. I will go on, and the gentle-
man can follow me.
Mr. PERCE. Very well.
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Chairman, the trouble
with the whole argument of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Hawley] is that everybody
on both sides who saw the transaction—the
evidence having been thoroughly examined
by the Committee on Education and Labor,
and also by General Meade, who also caused
an official investigation of it at the time—hap-
pened to agree that the statement made by the
committee is correct. I daresay the gentleman
from Illinois might get a dozen generals who
might unite with the officer whose letter has
been read in guessing it is not so.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois, rose.
Mr. HOAR. I decline to be interrupted.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I come to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Shanks.] I think that amendment should bo
adopted. I think the authorities of that col-
lege ought, if they ask us to give money from
the national Treasury without distinction of
taxation on the persons who are to pay, to say
they are willing their doors should be opened
without distinction of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude ; to admit any American
citizen who may wish to go there for his edu-
cation. I understand the authorities of that
college are so willing. The question what class
of persons are educated in a particular institu-
tion ought to be left to depend on the taste or
judgment of the person to be educated ; and
I should deem myself disloyal to the doctrines
of equal rights, which henceforth and forever
are to be the corner-etone of American insti-
tutions, if I failed to give my vote and my
voice to such a proposition whenever it is
brought forward.
I suppose the college to which the gentleman
from Virginia alludes as taking colored men
in now would not object to a white boy, if he
chose to present himself, on account of his
race or color or previous condition. The son
of a master is not to be rejected because of the
crime for which the master suffered, and a son
of a slave should not be rejected because the
father in the past has been in a condition of
servitude, or on account of race or color.
Mr. Chairman, this bill stands on this
ground alone. No other college in the coun-
try can occupy the same position. It is one
of the "household gods" of this great State.
This great State of Virginia, great in its mem-
ories, greater still in its hopes, cherishes this
institution as it cherishes Mount Vernon and
the grave of Washington. By the fortune of
war, I care not by whose fault or which
side is responsible, that sacred institution,
which has conferred on the country a hun-
dred fold more benefit than any other institu-
tion or college in the South has conferred,
has become a sufferer. I desire to hold out this
olive branch to the people of the South, to the
people ofVirginia, to show them that we will
join them in rebuilding this sacred place, laid
waste by the fortunes of war. This coXege
was the richest institution in tho country at
the time of the adoption of the Federal Consti-
tution. She was surveyor general of the col-
ony of Virginia, having the right to commis-
sion every surveyor over that vast northwestern
territory, and receiving a fee for every sur-
vey. Her revenues were ampler than all the
other endowed institutions in the country
together. For the sake of the nation, for the
sake of America, she gave up all those ample
revenues that they might inure to the common
good. I ask the Representatives, then, of those
great and mighty States, Ohio, Illinois, and
Indiana, and the rest in the West, not to for-
get that act of hers which brought those States
into being, and turn thoir backs on this insti-
tution, their and our benefactor, in her time
of poverty and sorrow.
Mr. PERCE. I now ask for a vote.
The question recurred on Mr. Shanks's
amendment.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 60, noes 62.
Mr. SHANKS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Shanks and
Mr. Peuce were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tel-
lers reported—ayes 77, noes 71.
So the amendment was agreed to.
message prom the president.
A message was received from the President
| of the United States, by Mr. Babcock, one of
his Secretaries, notifying the House that he
! had approved and signed bills of the following
i titles:
An act (H. R. No. 2568) for the relief of
John Black, late consul of the United States
at the City of Mexico; and
An act (H. R. No. 2109) to authorize the
issue of college scrip to the State of Arkansas,
and for other purposes.
william and mary college.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the bill for the
relief of the William and Mary College be now
laid aside to be reported to the House with
the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will consent that the committee rise
and report the bill at once.
Mr. PERCE. At the request of several
gentlemen I will modify my motion. I desired
to give other members who had bills on the
Private Calendar an opportunity to obtain
action upon them, but as there is so much
objection to that course, I move that the com-
mittee do now rise and report the bill as
amended to tlie House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. L. Myers
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having had under con-
sideration the Private Calendar, and particu-
larly the bill (H. R. No. 1338) reimbursing the
College of William and Mary in Virginia for
property destroyed during the war of the
rebellion, had directed him to report the same
with an amendment.
Mr. PERCE. I move the previous question
on the bill and amendment.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; which was first
on the amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. AMBLER. On that question I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUFFINTO"N. I desire that the
amendment reported from the Committee of
the Whole be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided, That no part of said sum of $65,000, shall
be paid or delivered, or a warrant or order issued
therefor, under the provisions of or for the purposes
named in this act until, in a regular meeting, the
stockholders or equivalent corporate authority of
said College of William and Mary, after proper con-
sideration, have adopted and caused to be entered
on the records of said corporation, a resolution de-
claring such college to be open, and that it shall in
all time thereafter remain open, for the admission
on equal terms, and with equal privileges, of all
persons, without respect to race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, and that a copy of said
records, duly certified by the proper authorities of
said corporation, shall be first filed with the Secre-
tary of the Treasury of the United States, and entered
upon the records of his office.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 76, not voting
75 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Barber, Barry, Beatty,
Beveridge, Bingham, Boles, Buffinton, Burchaid,
Benjamin P. Butler, Coburn, Conger, Cotton, Crock-
er. Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, Duell, Dunnell, Eames,
Esty, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster,
Frye, Garfield, Hale, George E. Harris, John B.
Hawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Gerry W. Hamilton,
John W. Hazelton. Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton,
ICelley, Kellogg, Ketcham, Lamport, Lowe, Lynch,
Maynard, McCrary, McGrew, McJunkin, Merrium,
Monroe, Moore, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmor,
Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Piatt, Polaad,
Porter, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Scofield,
Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, H.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snapp, Sprague,
S.arkweather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, St.
John, Taffe, Washington Townsend, Turner, Twich-
ell, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Waldion.
Wallace, Wheeler, Willard, Williams of Indiana,
and Jeremiah M. Wilson—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arthur, Barnum.
Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck, Biggs, James G.
Blair, Boarman, Braxton, Bright, Roderick R. But-
ler, Carroll, Cobb, Comingo, Conner, Critcher. Cross-
land, Davis, Dox, Duke, Eldredge, Henry D. Foster,
Getz, Giddings, Griffith, Hancock. Hamlley. Hanks,
Harper. Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard, Holman,
Kerr, King. Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Manson, Mar-
shall, MeClelland, McCormick, McHenry, Mclntyre,
McKinney, Merrick, Morgan, Niblack, Perce, Price,
Randall, Read. John M. Rice,William R. Roberts.
Robinson, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Sargent,
Sherwood, Shober, Slater, SIoss, Speer, Storm,
Swann, Terry, Thomas, Van Trump, Waddell, War-
ren, Wells, Whiteley, Whitthorne, Winchester, and
Wood—76.
NOT VOTING—Mossrs. Aoker. Ames, Avenll,
Banks, Bell, Bigby, Bird, Austin Blair, Brooks,
Buckley, Burdett, Caldwell, Campbell, Clarke,
Coghlan, Cox, Crebs, Creeiy, Darrall, De Large,
Dodds, DuBose, Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell,
Forker, Garrett, Golladay, Goodrich, Ha Id <> man,
Halsey, Hambleton, Harmer, John X. IJarris,
Havens, Hay, Hays, Kendall, Killinger, Kinsella,
Lansing, McKee, McNeely, Benjamin i. Meyers,
