18T3,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1153
Mr. AMRLER. I understand that it does ;
but it is the judgment of the House that that
was a wise piovision. Why now take occasion
to except this particular case? I see nothing
in this case that would seem to warrant any
special favor being shown to Mr. Bowen.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. It is a
principle that is to apply to the future, and not
to this Congress. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope that will be
done.
The question was put on Mr. Holjian's mo-
tion ; and there were—ayes 62, noes 59 ; 110
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. HoLMAN,and
Mr. Hazelton of Wisconsin, were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report
ed—ayes 61, noes 71.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 83, nays 97, not voting
00 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams. Ambler, Archer,
Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck, Bell,
Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Boar-
man, Braxton, Bright, Burchard, Caldwell, Clarke,
Crebs, Critcher, Cropland, JDarrall, Davis, Box,
DuBose, Duke, Farnsworth, Farwell, Fmkelnburg,
Wilder D. Foster, Garrett, Getz, Griffith, Hale,
Hambleton, Hancock. Hanks, JohnT. Harris, Hay,
Hereford, Hoar, llolman, Killinger, King, Larni-
son. Leach. Lewis, Maclntyre, Manson, McCormiek,
McGrew, McHenry, McJunkin, McKinney, Mer-
riam, Mitchell, Hosea W. Parker, Peck, Perry,
Randall. Bead, Ellis H. Roberts, John Rogers,
Shellabarger, Shoemaker, Slater, Speer, Sprague,
Stevens, Stevenson, Sutherland, Terry, Tyner,
Van Trump, Vauehan, Waddell, Walden, Warren,
Weils, Willard, Williams of New York. Winches-
ter, and Wood—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Arthur, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Barry, Bingham, Boles, Buckley, Buffinton, Bun-
nell, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Con-
£er, Conner, Cotton, Cox, Dawes, Dodds, Donnon,
>ueU, Dunnell, Eames, Eldiedge, Elliott, Ely,
E>ty, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster. 1'rye, Gar-
field, Golladay, Halsey, Handley, Harmer, Harper,
UeorgeE. Harris, Havens, John B.Hawley, Joseph
R. Hawiey, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W.
Hn/.elton, llerndon, Hibbard, Hill, Kelley, Kel-
logg, Kendall, Kerr, Ketcham, Lamport, Lansing,
I,owe, Maynard, Morey, Morplns, Leonard Myers,
Silas L. Niblack, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac
C. Parker, Pendleton, Plati, Potter, Price, Prindle,
Rainey, Ritchie, Sion H. Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk,
Sargent, Sawyer, Sheldon, H. Boardman Smith,
John A. Smith, Snyder. Starkweather, Storm,
Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, Sypher, Talfe, Wash-
ington Townsend, Turner, Tuthill, Twichell, Wake-
man, Waldron, Wallace, Wheeler, Whiteley, Wil-
liams ot Indiana. John T. Wilson, and Young—97.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Barnum, Bigby,
Brooks, Burdett, Campbell. Carroll. Cobb, Coburn,
Coghlan, Comingo, Creely, Crocker, Dickey, Forker,
Giadings, Goodrich, Haldeman, Hooper, Houghton,
Kinsella, Lynch, Marshall, McClelland, MeCrary,
McKee, McNeely, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Monroe, Moore, Morgan, Negley, William E. Nib-
lack, Orr, Perce, Peters. Poland, Porter, Edward
Y. Rice, John M. Rice, William R. Roberts, Rob-
inson, Scofield, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Sherwood,
Sbober, Slocum, Sloss, Worthmgton C. Smith,
Bnapp, Swann. Thomas, Dwight Townsend. Upson,
Voorbees, Whittiiorne, and Jeremiah M. Wil-
son—60.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
on the table.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, being first on the
amendment offered by Mr. Rainey.
Mr. RAINEY. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the gentleman
from Wisconsin allow me to have read an
extract from the report of the committee in
this case?
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. No, sir ;
1 ask for a vote.
The question was put on agreeing to the
resolution; and there were—ayes 74, noes 45:
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Rainey and
Mr. Stf-vensox were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 87, noes 66.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
4'2d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 73,
was adopted ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I demand the
regular order of business.
CORRECTION.
Mr. MAYNARD. A day or two since my
attention was called to the, fact that I am
recorded upon the Journal as having intro-
duced House bill No. 3360, to authorize the
building of the Wyoming and Montana rail-
road. 1 had no recollection of any such bill.
Upon examining the Journal I find that the
bit! was introduced by unanimous consent, and
I also learn that it was introduced by Ihe gen-
tleman from Wyoming, [Mr. Jones,] but
erroneously ascribed to me. ^ is too late to
make a correction of the Journal, because that
portion of it has been printed.
Mr. JONES. The bill referred to by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
was introduced by myself, and it is a clerical
error to ascribe it to him.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour now begins at
eleven minutes past one o'clock. The first
business in order is the unfinished business
coming over from the morning hour of yester-
day, being the bill (H. R. No. 969J to authorize
the construction of a bridge across the Missis-
sippi river at Memphis, Tennessee.
mineral lands.
Mr. WALDRON. As the Committee ou
Mines and Mining is the next in order on the
call of committees, I ask unanimous conseut
to have taken from the Speaker's table and
referred to that committee the bill (S. No.
1354) in relation to mineral lands.
No objection was made; and accordingly
the bill was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Mines and Mining.
alabama swamp lands.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, from the
Committee on the Public Lands, by unanimous
consent, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3845) to
extend the time within which the State of Ala-
bama may select swamp lands; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to the committee,
not to be brought back into the House by a
motion to reconsider.
mrs. m. s. mokse.
Mr. PACKARD. I submit a privileged
report tor consideration at this time.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 333)
for the relief of Mrs. M. S. Morse, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first of the Senate amendments, and agree to the
same.
That the Senate recede from their second amend-
ment, and agree to the same with the following
amendment: strike out all of the Senate_ amend- i
ment, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
In addition to the amount heretofore paid, the
sum of fifteen dollars per diem fromtho7th day of
November, 1856, to the 28th day of April, 1857, both
inclusive.
JASPER PACKARD,
LEONARD MYERS,
THOMAS SWANN,
Managerh on the part of the Bouse.
C. SC1IURZ,
J R. WEST,
0. P. MORTON.
Managers on the part of the Senate,
Mx-. PACKARD. This report has been
agreed to in the Senate, I understand. I can
state the substance of the amendments in a very
few words. The House, near the close of the
last session of Congress, passed a bill which
allowed Mrs. Morse the sum of about $8,500.
The Senate amended the bill so as to allow
her but $1,2-50. The report of the committee
of conference allows her $2,595. That is the
whole of it.
The SPEAKER. _ The conference report
should be accompanied by the bill.
Mr. PACKARD, I am aware of that, and
I had the bill here ten minutes since. But*
one of the clerks of the Senate came over and
got it.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. PACKARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
expense of senate investigations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent to take from the Speaker's table
for consideration at this time, Senate bill No.
1441, making an appropriation to defray the
expenses of the investigations in regard to
elections in Kansas, Louisiana, and Arkan-
sas. The fund of the Senate for such purposes
is exhausted,' and a further appropriation is
needed.
Mr. PERCE. Is the morning hour now
running?
The SPEAKER. It is. The bill of the
Senate will be read, after which objection to
its present consideration will be in order.
The bill was read, appropriating $80,000 to
defray the expenses of the investigations
ordered by the Senate in regard to elections in
Kansas, Louisiana, and Arkansas.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read three times,
and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bridge across the mississippi.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of the bill reported yester-
day by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Packer] from the Committee on Railways«nd
Canals. It is the bill (H. R. No. 969) to au-
thorize the construction of a bridge across the
Mississippi river at Memphis, Tennessee.
Mr. PACKER. I wish to say that several
propositions have been made this morning
which, in all probability, will lead to a com-
promise of the differences between the parties
interested in this bill; but inasmuch as they
all desire further time to communicate with
friends at home, they wish me to ask that the
bill be recommitted, in orderthat such time for
consultation may be afforded. In accordance
with their views I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman de-
sire to enter a motion to reconsider?
Mr. PACKER. I suppose that would be
preferable if it meets the views of the House.
At all events, the parties interested desire to
have the bill recommitted.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. This whole ques-
tion of the bridging of our great rivers is a matter
which has been long in the care of the Com-
mittee on Commerce. I think this bill is one
that preeminently ought to go to that com-
mittee. It proposes to make the first bridge
over the Mississippi river below the city of
St. Louis. I hope my friend from Pennsyl-
vania will consent that this bill shall go to the
committee which has had the subject under
consideration.
Mr. PACKER. I cannot yield for that
motion; but in answer to the suggestion of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger]
I will say that this subject has been fully con-
sidered also by the Committee on Railways
and Canals; and inasmuch as this is a railroad
bridge, affects railroad interests, and is in-
tended to form a part of a continuous line of
railway from east to west, it is, I think, quite
as appropriate that it should be considered by
