1154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 0,
the Committee on Railways and Canals as by
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The very reason
which the gentleman gives for referring the
bill to his committee is a reason why it ought
to go to the Committee on Commerce, and not
.to a committee having charge of railroads par-
ticularly. I move that the bill be referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in
order as an amendment to the motion to
recommit.
Mr. PACKER. I do not yield for the
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The question is, then, on
the motion to recommit.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Packer, there were—ayes 44, noes 34 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Packer and
Mr. Shellabarger were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 89, noes 36.
So the motion of Mr. Packer was agreed
to; and the bill was recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Railways and Canals.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WYOMING AMD MONTANA RAILWAY.
Mr. PACKER, from the Committee on Rail-
ways and Canals, reported back, with amend-
ments, a bill (H. R. No. 3360) to authorize
the building of the Wyoming and Montana
railway.
The bill was read. It incorporates, under
the name and title of the Wyoming and Mon-
tana Railway Company, J. K. Whitehead, M.
E. Post, E. P. Snow, W. G. Bullock, Frank
Wolcott, George W. Corey, W. W. Corlett,
E. P. Johnson, F. A. Kent, M. V. Broughton,
D. B. Curtis, J. M. Carey, Andrew M. Jones,
J. R. Nichols, Robert H. Lamborn, William
S. Jackson, P. H. Sheridan, John A. Camp-
bell, and William J. Palmer, or a majority of
them, together with their associates and suc-
cessors. The'corporation is to have perpet-
ual succession, to be able to sue and be sued,
to plead and be impleaded, to defend and be
defended, in all courts of law or equity within
the United States, and may make and use a
common seal, and may adopt by-laws for its
regulation and government. The corporation
is also empowered to execute mortgages and
• deeds of trust upon its property and franchises,
real and personal, and to borrow money and
negotiate loans upon its bonds or other secur-
ities.
The second section authorizes and empowers
the corporation to survey, locate, lay out, con-
struct, equip, maintain, collect tolls upon, and
enjoy a continuous line or lines of railway, of
oneor more tracks, with all the appurtenances,
and also a telegraph line, from the southern
boundary of Wyoming Territory, in' the county
of Laramie; thence northward, by way ofeither
the Powder or Big Horn Valley to a junction
with the Northern Pacific railway, with the
right to build a branch to Laramie City.
_ The third section grants to the company the
right of way through the public lands ot the
United States for the construction of the rail-
way and telegraph line; and the right, power,
and authority are given to the company to
take, from the public lands adjacent to the
railroad, earth, stone, timber, and other ma-
terials for the construction thereof. The right
of way granted is to the extent of one hun-
dred feet hi width on each side of the track;
and there is also granted to the company
grounds for stations, buildings, workshops,
side-tracks, turn-tables, water-stations, and
such other structures as may be necessary for
the railroad, not exceeding forty acres of land
at any one point.
The fourth section provides that where the
route of the railroad and telegraph line shall
pass through other than public lands, or where
it may be necessary for the railway company
to take and to hold other than public lands,
for any of the purposes mentioned necessary
to the railway or telegraph line, such right of
way through, or title to, such lands shall be
secured in accordance with the laws of the
Territory in which the lands are situate.
The fifth .section enacts that this act shall
be deemed and taken as a public act, and as
such, notice shall be taken of it by all courts
without the necessity of pleading the same.
The amendments reported by the committee
were read, as follows:
In the third line of thefirstsection insert after ''J.
K. Whitehead" the name of "George "Wilson, jr."
At the end of the third section strike out "not
exceeding forty acres of land at any one point," and
insert "not exceeding twenty acres of land in any
ten miles of road."
Mr. WILLARD. As this bill proposes
merely to incorporate a railroad company in the
Territories of Wyoming and Montana, what
necessity is there for its passage by Congress?
Why cannot the Legislative Assemblies of
Wyoming and Montaua pass the act of incor-
poration ?
Mr. PACKER. The act of Congress of 1867
has been construed to forbid on the part of
Territorial Legislatures such exercise of legis-
lative power as the incorporation of railroad
companies. It was for the purpose of obviating
this construction that this House on last Mon-
day week passed a general bill authorizing the
incorporation of railroad companies in the
Territories. But inasmuch as it is doubtful
whether that bill will reach its passage, these
companies, anxious to go on with the work,
desire a special law passed so they may locate
and constructa road during the coming season.
Mr. WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, it occurs
to me there are a great many difficulties grow-
ing out of the passage of such an act as this.
In the first place, the act creates a corporation
with perpetual succession, and keeps that cor-
poration in existence after Wyoming may be
admitted as a State, as it will at some future
day, and after Montana may be admitted as a
State. In other words, it creates a corpor-
ation by act of Congress which may hereafter
have to exercise powers within the limits of a
State. It occurs to me, therefore, there is
here an embarrassment, if there were no con-
stitutional objection in the way of an enact-
ment of such an act of corporation as this. It
is the same objection which exists, of course,
to any United States act of corporation in the
States. It is true, these are Territories now,
but it is nevertheless a serious difficulty. This
corporation will, for all subsequent time, draw
its power from this act of corporation, or from
such amendments as Congress may propose
hereafter. It can come here for the action of
Congress.
It is a matter of great doubt, if such a matter
as this is passed, whether when the State is
admitted it will not be admitted subject to the
rights and privileges of this corporation. In
other words, the corporation will have the
mastery of the State through this legislation
of Congress instead of the State, as ought to
be the case, and as is the case in all the other
States, having the mastery of this corporation.
We ought not to go much further into this
kind of legislation. It seems to me the bill
is objectionable on that account. I merely
suggest these difficulties to the bill.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I ask
my colleague to permit me to offer an amend-
ment to this bill.
Mr. PACKER. I will hear it read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add the following as an additional section :
oec. t>. That Congress shall have power to alter,
amend, or repeal this act whenever it shall think
the public interest shall demand it.
Mr. PACKER. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POTTER. Why not say " at any time
shall have power ? "
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. That
embraces it. It says Congress shall have
power, and if it has power it will have that
power at .any time.
Mr. PACKER. I now yield for five min-
utes to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, there have been
many public discussions in regard to the con-
duct of great railroad corporations chartered by
act of Congress. Without expressing any opin
ion as to the propriety of the conduct ot any
persons connected with these institutions, the
investigations have gone far enough to show
that Congress itself has been grossly remiss in
its duty when it created them. The ordinary
safeguards which every State puts into its acts
of incorporation, either by general or special
legislation, have been wholly omitted, or nearly
so, in many of the acts of incorporation passed
here. They are brought before us crude,
hastily drawn, incomplete, and passed with
little debate, and yet they are to be the organic
law for great routes of business and traffic for
all time to come in those Territories now be-
ing rapidly developed. They ought to be scru-
tinized with a care like that with which we
scrutinize the constitutions of the. States of
which we are citizens.
Now, there is not a State in this Union which
would incorporate a railroad company without
a provision that its capital stock should be paid
for in cash, or without a provision securing the
public against the abuse of its franchise,
directly or indirectly, by having the corpor-
ators, who have got possession of it under the
guise of attorney or otherwise, get into their
irresponsible control the entire franchise of
the company. Nothing of that kind is found
in this bill. It is a simple authority to receive
corporate powers to construct a great railroad
in what are to be in the future two great States.
There is not the slightest safeguard against
abuse provided for in this bill. I hope it will
be laid upon the table.
Mr. POTTER. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will yield to me for a moment.
Mr. HOAR. As I have stated before, this
bill does not require the payment by any man
in that enterprise of a single dollar of his own
money. It does not provide when the capital
stock shall be paid in it shall not be all again
paid out in dividends, leaving the road bank-
rupt, swindling the community, and putting
burdens and disgrace upon the State where it"
exists.
Now, without going fully, in the five minutes
allowed me, into twenty other points of the
same nature which might be named, I call
upon the House not to pass another act of
incorporation until there has first been de-
vised by the Committee on the Judiciary or
some other competent committee a carefully,
strictly guarded, and secure system which we
can adopt as the settled policy of the country
on this question.
Mr. POTTER. I send to the Clerk's desk
an amendment which I desire to have read,
and which I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Pauker] to allow to be con-
sidered pending; and I shall then ask him
to yield to me a few moments in which to
speak to the bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to,the bill these words as a separate section:
All persons who are stockholders of the said com-
pany shall be jointly and severally liable for all
debts to laborers or operators ot said company.
Mr. PACKER. I decline to admit the
amendment.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I would like to ask the
gentleman from New York one question, and
that ia whether he is in favor of letting the
people of the Territories build their own rail-
roads with their own money ?
Mr. I-'O ITER. I am glad to answer the
gentleman from Colorado, though he has
