2114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. BURCHARD. I cannot yield any
furliier, and must call for a vote.
The question was taken; and the report of
the conference committee was agreed to.
Mr. BURCHARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to: and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed and requested the concurrence
of the House in a bill of the following title :
A bill (S. No. 1288) relative to the pay-
ment of bounties to the fifth regiment Con-
necticut volunteers.
RICHARD STEWART.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the-bill (S. No. 1301) to enable Richard
A. Stewart to make application to the Com-
missioner of Patents for the extension of let-
ters-patent for an improvement in clarifying
and defecating cane juiee.
The bill was read. It provides that Rich-
ard A. Stewart, of the parish of St. Bernard,
in the State of Louisiana, have leave to make
application to the Commissioner of Patents
for an extension of the letters-patent granted
to him for improvement in clarifying and defe-
cating cane juice under date of January 11,
1859, for the term of seven years from and
after the expiration of the original term of
fourteen years, for which the letters-patent are
granted, such application to be made in the
same manner and to have the same effect as
if the same had been filed not less than ninety
days before the expiration of the original
term of the patent. Upon such application so
filed, the Commissioner of Patents is author-
ized to consider and determine the same in the
same manner upon giving the same notice,
and with the same effect as if the application
had been duly filed within the time prescribed
by law, and as if the original term of the
patent had not expired. But no person is to
be held liable for the infringement of the
patent, if extended, for making use of said
invention since the expiration of the original
term of said patent, and prior to the dale of
its extension.
There being no objection, the bill was
military and naval asylum.
The next businesss on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1322) to amend an act
entitled "An act to incorporate a national mil-
itary and naval asylum for the relief of totally
disabled officers and men of the volunteeer
forces of the United States, and for other
purposes," approved March 21, 1866.
Mr. POLAND. I understand that a House
bill precisely similar to this has been passed
by the Senate, and has been a law for some
time. I move that the bill be laid aside.
The motion was agreed to.
ADVANCEMENT IN TUB NAVY.
The next bill on the Speaker's table was the
bill (S. No. 1100) to repeal certain provisions
of the laws of the United States relating to
advancement in the Navy.
The bill was read. It provides that section
six of the act entitled "An act to amend an
act entitled 'An act to establish and equalize
the grade of line officers of the United States
Navy,' approved July 16, 1862," approved
April 21, 1864, and the act entitled "An act
to provide for an advance of rank to officers
of the Navy and Marine corps for distin-
guished merit," approved January 24, 1865,
be repealed.
Mr. ARCHER. This bill lius not been con-
sidered by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. None of
these bills have been referred to committees.
Mr. AivCHEH. 1 Lope the bill will not be
passed without the consideration of the naval
committee.
The question being taken on passing the
billy it was not agreed to.
DEPOSITS BY POSTMASTERS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1318) to authorize cer-
tain postmasters to deposit public moneys iti
national banks.
The bill was read. It provides that from
and after the passage of this act it shall be
lawful for any postmaster having public money
belonging to the Government, where there are
no designated depositaries, treasurers of mints,
or Treasurer or Assistant Treasurers of the
United States within the county, to deposit the
same, at his own risk and in his official capacity,
in any national bank in the town, city, or county
where he resides; but no authority or permis-
sion is or shall be given for the demand or
receipt by the postmaster, or any other per-
son, of interest, directly or indirectly, on any
deposit made as herein described j and it is
made the duty of all postmasters who have
made any such deposit to report quarterly to
the Postmaster General the name of the bank
where such deposits have been made, and also
state the amount which may stand at the time
to their credit.
The bill was passed.
NATIONAL BANKS, BTO.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1319) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide a national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof."
The bill was read. It provides that seotion
twenty-nine of an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for
the circulation and redemption thereof," be
amended so as to read as follows:
Sec. 29. That the total liabilities to any association
of any persons, or of any person, or of any company,
corporation, or firm, for money borrowed, including
in the liabilities of a company or firm the liabilities
of the several members thereof, shall at no time
exceed one tenth part of the amount of the capital
stock of each association actually paid in and sur-
plus profits: Provided, Thnt the discount of bona
fide bills of exchange drawn against actually exist-
ing values, and the discount of commercial or busi-
ness papor actually owned by the perdon or persons,
corporation, or firm, negotiating the same, shall not
be considered as money borrowed.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I desire to offer
an amendment to that bill.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope no amendment
will be offered. It is bad enough as it is.
Mr. LYNCH. If the bill is a bad one, that
is a good reason why it should be amended.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I move to
amend the bill by adding what I send to the
desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
That whenever a receiver has been or shall be
appointed, pursuant to section fifty and other sec-
tions ot the act entitled "An act to provide a na-
tional currency secured by the pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," approved Juno 3, 1864, of
which this is an amendment, the Comptroller of the
Currency shall fix a time and plaoo tor the hearing
of proofs of claims against such association, except
claims in favor of the United States, 111 this act
hereinafter otherwise provided for, and shall there-
upon cause notice to be given, by advertisement in
such new&papera as he may direct, for three consec-
utive months, notifying all persons having claims
against such association to file the same with the
receiver; and in said advertisement shall notify such
creditors of the time within which such claims may
be filed, and the time and place when and where
proofs thereof must be presented to such receiver,
and all claims not presented within the time speci-
fied in the advertisement shall be barred.
Sec. 2. That every claim shall be verified by the
oath or affirmation of a claimant, or some other per-
son having knowledge of the facts, which, oath or
affirmation shall bo in the form of a written or
printed affidavit, and shall set forth that the claim is
just, the amount thereof, and that there is no legal
or equitable set-off against the same, except as may
be stated in or upon said claim; but such affidavit
shall not dispense with the necessity of making legal
proof of such claim.
Src. 3. That at the time fixed for such hearing the
recoiver shall proceed to hear the proofs and determ- ,
ine as to the validity and amount of such claims as
may have been filed with him, at which hearing
any creditor, or the district attorney of the United
States, it the United States shall claim any interest
in the assets of such association, may, upon ten
days' notice previously given, appear and contest
the allowance of any elaim, and such contesting
creditor or said district attorney may offer proof
against such claim.
Seo. 4. That when any amount has been allowed
to any claimant by the receiver, the receiver shall
give such claimant a certificate thereof.
Sec. 5. That if the claimant or contesting claim-
ant, or the district attorney, shall be aggrieved by
the determination of the receiver in regard to any
claim, the person so aggrieved may take an appeal
to the Comptroller of Currency at any time within
thirty days after receiving notice of such determ-
ination, which appeal may be taken by filing a notice
of appeal with the receiver. When an appeal is
taken the receiver shall transmit all the papers and
proofs to the Comptroller, and the rights of the
claimant may be determined by such Comptroller
therefrom, or additional evidence may be adduced
as the parties may respectively elect. If the Comp-
troller shall make any allowance on account of such
claim he shall issue a certificate to the claimant
therefor.
Sec. 6. That any claimant or contesting claimant,
or the district attorney, may appeal from the de-
cision of the Comptroller to the circuit court of the
district in which such bank was located, if in the
opinion of .the Comptroller the interest of the
United States or of the claimant requires such an
appeal, by filling a bond in such sum as may be fixed
by the Comptroller, within ten days after notice of
such decision, conditioned for the payment of such
costs as may be adjudged by said court against such
appellant; and thereupon the Comptroller shall
transmit a transcript of the papers and proceedings
before him to the clerk of said court, and the rights
of said claimant shall be heard, tried, and determ-
ined asother causes and under such rules in regard
to docketing and pleading as such court may order,
and from the final judgment of such court an appeal
may be taken to the Supreme Court of the United
States as in other causes.
Sec. 7. That whenever the United States shall be,
or claim to be, the creditorof any such association in
charge of a receiver, or shall claim to be the legal
or equitable owner of any property, real, personal,
or mixed, moneys, credits, choses in action, or pos-
session of any kind whatsoever held as assets by such
receiver, or which may have been converted into
money and paid over by him to the Treasurerof the
United States, as provided for in said section fifty of
the act of which this is amendatory, the Treasurer
ol the United States or other proper officer shall pre-
sent such claim in writing to the Comptroller, and
the Comptroller shall thereupon give notice, by ad-
vertisement for two months consecutively in such
newspapers as he may direet, of such claim, and of
the time when the same will be heard, which time
shall be prior to hearing before the receiver herein-
before provided for, if the time when the same is
presented to him will allow, and any creditor of
such association, or any person claiming an intoiest
therein, may appear before the Comptroller at said
hearing and contest such claim and adduce proofs to
defeat the same. The Attorney General of the United
States, or some law officer of the United States to
be by him designated, shall appear at such hearing
on behalf of the United States. From the decision
of the Comptroller an appeal may be taken to the
supreme court of the District of Columbia by the
United States, or by any creditor or person who may
have contested such claim before the Comptroller, in
which court the right of the United States shall be
heard, tried, and determined as other causes in said
court, and such court may make such orders m re-
gard to pleadings as justice may require; and from
the final judgment of said court such an appeal may
be taken as is allowed to other parties from the final
judgments of said court. If the appeal from tho
Comptroller is taken by a party other than the Uni-
ted States a bond shall be filed by the appellant,
with surety, to be approved by the Comptroller, in
such sum as he may fix, conditioned for the p«y-
ment of such costs as may be adjudged against such
appellant, a copy of which bond shall be embraced
in a transcript of the proceedings before said Comp-
troller, to be transmitted to the clerk of said court;
and if costs shall be Adjudged against said appel-
lant, judgment shall be rendered theroior against
the appellant and his sureties on such bond.
Sec. 8. That in the allowance ofclaims by the Comp-
troller, or in the rendition of judgments thereon by
the courts in favor of the United States, the right of
the United States to priority of payment shall also
be determined, and the Comptroller or court shall
be governed by the provisions of existing laws in all
cases in which the same are applicable.
Sec. 9. That in all hearings or trials hereinbefore
provided for, continuances may be granted under
such regulations and upon such conditions as m;iy
be imposed by the officer or court, and in ai! cases
such orders may be made as to costs as may be just
and equitable.
Sec. 10. That the Comptroller may, if in his judg-
ment the interests of the association or of the cied-
itors will be promoted thereby, invest the money of
such association on deposit with the Treasurer of
the United States, subject to his order, in interest-
bearing bonds of the United States, which bonds
may be subsequently sold by him, and the iukTc.-t
accruing on such bonds, together with the priMcijuil
thereof, be distributed among the creditors i nd
shareholders with the avails of the other a,-^et^, as
prescribed by law.
