1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1155
assumed I was going to oppose this bill before
I said a word on this subject. I am exactly
in favor of the people of Colorado building
their own railroads, and I am also in favor of
their incorporating companies to build them,
if they want corporations to build them. But
I am opposed to the creation by Congress,
without limitation, restraint, or due consider-
ation, of artificial persons that never die,
authorized to accumulate property, and pre-
serve and hand down in perpetual succession
their accumulations forever.
When this Government was formed one of
the principles upon which it was based was
that there should be no class privileged to
hand down accumulations of property. And
so our fathers put into the Federal Constitu-
tion a provision against nobility; and every
State passed laws against entail and primogen-
iture, and like limitations against perpetuating
accumulations of property.
In every State of the Union a man may
accumulate property during his life, as much
as he can. But since God does not give to
men the capacity to carry with them out of
this world the property which they have accu-
mulated in it, they are dependent on positive
law for the preservation of their accumula-
tions after death; and the wise policy of these
States has been to provide that no class should
be privileged to perpetuate the property they
have accumulated. But with all this wise
policy the Legislatures of the country have
gone on recklessly and heedlessly and created
these great artificial persons that never die,
until we have in the United States in these
monster corporations the most dangerous and
privileged class that exists in the whole world.
And one of the healthiest signs of the times
is when members of this House, like the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
at last begin to see that this aciion of Con-
gress in creating members of this privileged
class, is dangerous. If corporations are to be
created at all, they ought at least to be made
subject to wise rules, to careful restrictions,
and be chartered with some regard for the
interest of creditors and of the public, and be
subjected also to some restraint on the part
of Congress and the States. Otherwise we are
creating an aristocracy, it seems to me, of the
worst and most dangerous kind—worse than
the aristocracy of natural persons, because
these corporations never die, because they
have neither soul nor .conscience, because
from the nature of things they can hardly ever
be managed in the public interest or tor the
public good. I therefore heartily agree that
this House, and Congress itself, shall stop mak-
ing corporations even in the Territories until
some wise and carefully guarded system on
which to charter them is laid down.
Mr. PACKER. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Wyoming, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Potter] has spoken of great arti-
ficial persons or corporations that never die,
and upon the corruptions and frauds that fol-
low upon the heels of such corporations. But
the gentleman forgets that within the last
ten or fifteen years a country that was a desert,
and known only to your pioneers, has been
reclaimed by the organization of these artificial
persons, by the creation of these artificial per-
sons. To-day a population of more than a
hundred thousand in Colorado attests the wis-
dom of the past action of Congress. A popu-
lation which has increased within the last five
years more than fifty thousand in the Terri-
tory of Utah is evidence of the wisdom of the
past legislation of Congress, and indeed the
development of the whole country west of the
Missouri river attests the same thing. Mil-
lions and millions of acres of land have been
reclaimed, and devoted to agriculture and
other useful purposes, that would have been
unimproved for a century at least had not this
legislation been had at the hands *of Con-
gress.
Millions of wealth have been taken from the
bowels of the earth that would have been un-
known to the fifth generation hereafter but for
this legislation. It certainly seems strange to
me that in view of all these facts attesting the
beneficial results of this legislation an argu-
ment.of this kind should be made.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] speaks of there being no necessity for
the- creation of corporations of this kind by
Congress. If he were as familiar with terri-
torial legislation as I am, he would know that
the laws on the statute-books of most of the
Territories to-day, authorizing the incorpora-
tion of companies of this kind, are of such
imperfect character that no company of credit
would incorporate under them for the purpose
of carrying on a work of this magnitude.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Wyoming if he thinks himself that this
bill ought to pass without some limitation upon
the capital stock, without some provision that
it shall be paid in, and without any provision
that will prevent the corporators from putting
the whole affairs of the railroad into the hands
of trustees who cannot be ousted for a thou-
sand years? There is no provision even for
an annual meeting of the corporation. Now,
I ask the gentleman if he thinks that a bill of
this kind ought to be the organic act for a
great railroad in his future State ?
Mr. JONES. I will answer the gentleman.
I would have no objection to a limitation of
the capital stock, or-to sufficient guards being
thrown around the organization, as proposed ;
but I will say in direct reply to the gentleman
that I think this bill ought to pass with the
amendments reported by the committee. I
will say further, that in this bill I think the
interests of the stockholders are sufficiently
protected and guarded. I will say further,
that bills of a similar character to this have
been passed by Congress, and that under their
provisions railroads have been built and con-
ducted successfully in the interest of the stock-
holders.
Mr. HOAR. But this bill does not provide
for any stockholders; there is no such pro-
vision in the bill.
Mr. JONES. I am aware of that; but if
the gentlemen named here as corporators are
prepared to build the road without the issue
of stock, certainly no interest of the United
States or of the people of these Territories
will be sacrificed.
Now, sir, as I remarked before, this bill is
a copy of several bills which have become laws
of Congress. It proposes to construct a rail-
road from the southern bouudary of the Terri-
tory of Wyoming to the central parallel in
Montana, I thiuk, or at least to connect with
the Northern Pacific Railroad. Wyoming is
now traversed east and west, near its south-
ern boundary by the Union Pacific railroad.
North of that lies a vast country which is to-
day comparatively uninhabited, but in that
couutry there are valleys and vast tracts of
land which are susceptible of the highest cul-
tivation. The soil is fertile, and the facilities
for irrigation are better than in almost any
other portion of the West I have ever seen.
Within fifty-five miles of the starting point of
this railroad there is a deposit of iron equal
to any one deposit in the United States, and
upon the line of the proposed route there are
deposits of coal sufficient to supply the United
States with fuel for centuries to come. Every
feature of the country which it is proposed to
traverse indicates the propriety of granting
every facility for its development; and, sir, in
the absence of encouragement of this kind, it
is impossible to say how or when that country
will be settled. Other difficulties than a want
of connection by railroad supervene to prevent
settlement. This road will pass within one
hundred and fifty miles, and perhaps within
oue hundred miles of the Sioux reservation,
and it would operate as a protector of the
pioneers who desire to settle this country.
Without traversing any reservation, without
going near enough to them to interfere in the
Jeast with the present policy of the Govern-
ment or with the relations of the Government
with those tribes, it will go near enough to
protect men who propose to settle in that
country. It. will afford transportation and-
communication for the Government between
the line of the Union Pacific road and its forts
north of the road.
Another thing, Mr. Speaker, I venture to
say, that every gentleman in the House will
appreciate the importance of fostering the busi-
ness and the interests of the great transcon-
tinental routes to which the Government has
given such liberal aid. It is proposed to con-
nect the two great lines 1 have mentioned.
Traversing a country of the character which I
have described, it will add to the business not
only of the Union Pacific road, but will con-
tribute largely to the prospective revenue of
the Northern Pacific railroad ; and it will con-
tribute enormously to the revenues of the
Government, derived from a disposal of the
public lands.
This company is asking nothing from the
Government there except the right to cross its
domain ; it asks no special powers or priv-
ileges. The argument of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] is met by the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Sir. Towusend,] and accepted
by the chairman, who reported the bill. It
is provided by that amendment that Congress
may at any time repeal, alter, or amend this
act. With that provision incorporated into
the bill, I fail to see what interest of the Gov-
ernment is imperiled, how any right of the
Territories may be endangered, or how any
right of the prospective States to be con-
structed out of this Territory can be in the
least degree diminished.
MESSAGE FROM the SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to House bill No. 333 fot the relief of
Mrs. M. S. Morse, widow of Isaac E. Morse,
deceased.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, and requested the concurrence
of the House in bills of the following titles :
• A bill (S. No. 420) to confer jurisdiction on
the Court of Claims to hear and determine the
suit of Carondelet vs. the United States ; and
A bill (S. No. 1439) to transfer the control
of certain powers and duties in relation to the
Territories to the Department of the Interior.
WYOMING AND MONTANA ll.UL.WAY.
The House resumed the consideration o£
the Wyoming and Montana railway bill.
Mr. WILLARD. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to allow me to offer an amend-
ment, to come in after the one which has
already been adopted.
Mr. PACKER. I will hear the amend-
ment read.
. The Clerk read as follows :
Until the Territory in which said railway, or any
part thereof, be situate shall become ti State of the
Union; and when such Territory is admitted said
railway company shall be amenable to the legisla-
tive authority of such State in which it is situate,
or any part thereof is situate, to the same extent as
by the terms of this act Congress has now authority
in the premises.
Mr. PACKER. I have no objection to
allowing a vote on that amendment. On the
subject of this bill, and in answer to the objec-
tions urged by the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Wjllard] in reference to the perpetual
succession of this corporation, I desire to say
that that is one of the incidents of acorporaiion.
One of the necessary incidents of a corpora-
tion is that it-'shall have perpetual succession.
If these Territories are to be told that until
they are organized into States they can !mv<;
