1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2117
_ Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that letter
is rather unsatisfactory.
The bill was then passed, two thirds voting
in favor thereof.
granting american registers.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 1170, to grant an Ameri-
can register to the British ship St. Albans.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that bill will pass.
Mr. CONGER. Unless there is some rea-
son for passing this bill, I do not see why it
should pass.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue an American register to the
British ship St. Albans, formerly the Henrietta
Marcy, built at Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
The question was taken upon passing the
bill; and upon a division, there were—ayes 48,
noes 21 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered,; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Hale were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes sixty, noes not
counted.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the bill was not passed, and was returned to
the Speaker's table.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 1171, to grant an Amer-
ican register to the Canadian tug Noah P.
Sprague, and to the ship Alhambra.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue an American register to the
Canadian tug Noah P. Sprague, owned by
Edward Evans, of North Towanda, Niagara
county, State of New York, said tug having
recently been rebuilt in the city of Buffalo, in
said State ; also to issue an American register
to the British ship Alhambra, built in Boston,
State of Massachusetts, in 1859.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that bill will be
passed.
Mr. HALE. I hope not.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 31, noes 33; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered, and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Hale were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes forty-nine, noes
not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the bill was not passed, and was returned to its
place on the Speaker's table.
ann e. boyle.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I have been
appointed upon a conference committee, and
will probably have to leave the Hall soon,
and before I return a bill which I desire to have
passed may be passed over. It is Senate bill
No. 1588. grantinga pension to Ann E. Boyle,
widow of Commodore Junius J. Boyle.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the naval pension-
roll the name of Ann E. Boyle, the widow of
Commodore Junius J. Boyle, late of the Uni-
ted States Navy, to receive from and after the
passage of this act the pay of a lieutenant in
the Navy, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws.
No objection beiug made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read three times,
and passed.
saw-mills on the mississippi.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 893, for the protection of
saw-mills on the Mississippi river.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
owners of saw-mills on the Mississippi river,
under the direction of the Secretary of War,
to construct or build piers or cribs in front of
their mill property on the banks of said river,
for the protection of their mills and rafts
against damage by floods and ice ; provided,
however, that the piers or cribs so constructed
shall not interfere with or obstruct the naviga-
tion of said river; that in case by reason ol the
shifting of the channel of said river, or from
any other cause, the piers or cribs, the con-
struction of which are authorized by this act,
shall be found to obstruct the navigation of said
river at any time, the Government expressly
reserves the right to remove, or direct the re-
moval of any such piers or cribs at the cost
and expense of theowners thereof.
The bill was passed ; two thirds voting in
favor thereof.
nez perce indians.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 1183, to enable the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs .to purchase and
pay for certain improvements within the Nez
Perce Indian reservation in the Territory of
Idaho.
The preamble of the bill states that by the
tenth article of the treaty concluded with the
Nez Perce tribe of Indians, June 11, 1855, it
was agreed that the tract of land then occupied
by William Craig should not be considered a
part of the reservation set apart for them by
said treaty, except that the same should be
subject to the intercourse act in common with
the other lauds of the reservation, in consid-
eration of the fact that said Craig had con-
sented to reside among them as their friend
and adviser; that the said Craig, and, since
his death, his legal representatives, have cul-
tivated and otherwise improved the tract of
land in question ; that the right of personal
occupancy of the same, acquired under the
treaty referred to, ceased with the death of
said Craig ; and that the improvements upon
said tract, as aforesaid, are required for the
use of the Nez Perce tribe of Indians.
The bill authorizes the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs to purchase from the legal
representatives of William Craig the improve-
ments, at a cost not exceeding three dollars
per rod for fencing and four dollars and fifty
cents per acre for plowing upon the said tract,
and to pay for the same out of any unexpended
money appropriated for fulfilling treaty with
the Nez Perce tribe of Indians.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask that this bill be put
on its passage.
The bill was passed, two thirds voting in
favor thereof.
creek indians.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 1274, to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to negotiate with the
Creek Indians for the cession of a portion of
their reservation occupied by friendly Indians.
The preamble of the bill states that by the
third article of the treaty concluded with the
Creek Indians, June 14, 1866, said Indians
ceded to the United States, for the settlement
of friendly Indians and freedmen, the west
half of their entire domain, to be divided by a
line running north and south; that the recent
survey of said line, made in conformity with
the provisions of said treaty, includes within
the limits of the Creek reservation, east of
said line, some of the improvements made on
a reservation selected on what was supposed
to be the Creek ceded lands for the Seminole
tribe of Indians, which reservation is provided
for in their treaty of March 1, 1866, and also
some of the improvements of the Sacs and
Poxes of the Mississippi tribe of Indians,
made on a reservation intended to be estab-
lished in accordance with the provisions of
their treaty of February 18, 1867; that said
improvements have been made upon said
lands by and for the aforesaid Indians, who
have settled thereupon in good faith, in accord-
ance with treaty stipulations; and that it is
necessary in order to secure these improve-
ments to said Indians, and to insure them suit-
able reservations, that the lands occupied
thereby should be granted to them.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the In-
terior to negotiate with the aforesaid Creek
Indians for the relinquishment to the United
States of such portions of their country as may
have been set apart, in accordance with treaty
stipulations, for the use of the Seminoles and
the Sacs and Foxes of the Mississippi tribes
of Indians, respectively, found to be east of
the line separating the Creek ceded lands from
the Creek reservation, and also to negotiate
and arrange with said tribes for a final and
permanent adjustment of their reservations;
and that the Secretary shall report the result
to Congress.
Mr. BURDETT. I ask that this bill be
; two thirds voting in
The bill was
favor thereof.
mary e. orich and others.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1291) granting a pension
to Martha E. Orich, Mary S. Orich, and John
J. Orich, minor children of John C. Orich,
deceased.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
Sension laws, the names of Martha E. Orich,
[ary J. Orich, and John J. Orich, minor
children of John C. Orich, late a private in
the first regiment Missouri cavalry volunteers,
the pensions hereby granted to be paid to the
guardian of said minor children, and to com-
mence at the passage of this act.
Two thirds voting in favor thereof, the bill
eliza j. humphrey.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 1380) granting a pension to
Eliza J. Humphrey.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Eliza J. Humphrey,
widow of James R. Humphrey, late a private
in company H in the eighty-first regiment
Indiana volunteer infantry, and to pay her a
pension from the passage of this act as a pri-
vate's widow, and in respect to her minor
children under sixteen years of age.
Two thirds voting in favor thereof, the bill
was passed.
imports in french vessels.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1417) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to refund the differen-
tial duty on articles actually on shipboard in
French vessels destined for the United States
on the 5th of November, 1872.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. A bill
similar to this has been passed, and is now a
law. I move this bill be laid aside.
The bill was laid aside.
national bank capital.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1378) to require national
banks to restore their capital when impaired,
and to amend the national currency act.
The bill was read. It provides that all na-
tional banks which shall have failed to pay up
their capital stock, as required by law, and au
national banks whose capital stock shall have
become impaired by losses or otherwise, shall,
within three months after receiving notice
thereof from the Comptroller of the Currency,
be required to pay the deficiency in the capital
stock by assessment upon the shareholders,
pro rata, for the amount of capital stock held
by each ; and the Treasurer of the United
States shall withhold the interest upon^ all
bonds held by him in trust for such association,
upon notification from the Comptroller of the
Currency, until otherwise notified by him ; and
if such banks shall fail to pay up their capital
stock, and shall refuse to go into liquidation,
as provided by law, for three mouths after re-
ceiving notice from the Comptroller, a receiver
may be appointed to close up the business of
the association, according to the provisions of
the fiftieth section of the national curreuey act.
The second section provides that section
