1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1157
motion of the gentleman from Iowa. [Mr.
Palmer.]
The motion was agreed to.
post office appropriation bill.
The question was then taken upon the
motion to suspend the rules and go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Post Office appro-
priation bill; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee pf the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Burchard in the cbair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of House bill
No. 3498, making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the
year ending June 30, 1874.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House,
all debate on the pending paragraph and
amendments thereto is limited to half an hour.
The Clerk will read the pending paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows:
For increase of compensation for the transport-
ation of mails on railroad routes, upon the condition
and at the rates hereinafter mentioned, $500,000:
Provided, That the Postmaster General be, and ho
is hereby, authorized and directed to readjust the
compensation for the transpprtation pi mails on
railroad routes upon the conditions and at therates
hereinafter mentioned, to wit; that the proprietors
of railroad routes shall execute centraetsm due form
for the faithful performance of the service; that the
mails shall be conveyed with due frequency and
speed; that sufficient and suitable room, fixtures,
and furniture, in a car or apartment properly
lighted and warmed, shall be provided tor route
agents to accompany and distribute the maus; and
that the pay per mile per annum shall not exceed
the following rates, namely, on routes carrying
their whole length an average weight ot mails
per day of two hundred pounds, $50; five hun-
dred pounds. $75; one thousand pounds, $100;
fifteen hundred pounds, $125; two thousand
pounds, $150; thirty-five hundred pounds, $l/o;
five thousand pounds, $200: and twenty-five dol-
lars additional for every additional two thousand
pounds; the average weight to be ascertained in
every case by the actual weighing of the mails
for such a number of successive working days, not
loss than thirty, and at such times, not less ire-
uuently than once in each contract term, and the
result to be stated and verified in such form and
manner as the Postmaster General may direct:
Provide0 further, That additional pay may be
allowed at a rate not exceeding twenty-five dollars
per mile per annum for every line of railway post
office cars, of sufficient and suitable size, fixtures,
;>nd* furniture, property lighted and warmed, pro-
vided for railway post office clerks to accompany
and distribute the mails, and run once a day.each
way upon such trains as may be satisfactory^to the
Post Office Department: And providedfurther\ ibat
SO mueh of section two hundred and sixty-free ot
the act approved June 8,1872, entitled "An act to
revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes relating
to the Post Officc Department," as provides that
"the Postmaster General may allow any railroad
company with whom hemaycontraotfor thecarrying
i)l the United States mail, and who furnish railway
post office cars for the transportation of the mall,
<moh additional compensation beyond that now
allowed by law as be may think fit, not
however, fifty per cent, of the said rates, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed.
' The CHAIRMAN. Tbe pending amend-
ment, to the paragraph is that of the gentle-
men from Iowa, [Mr. Palmer,] to insert after
the word compensation," in the first proviso,
the words " hereafter to be paid.'
Mr. TWICHELL obtained the Boor.
Mr. PALMER. The pending amendment
is merely for the purpose of perfecting the
language of the paragraph, and I trust that a
vote will be taken on that amendment before
any further amendment is offered.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read
the pending amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
On page 5, lino eighty, after the word " compensa-
tion'' insert the words "hereafter to be paid. .
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TWICHELL. I offer the following
amendment..
The Clerk read as follows:
■■ ^in^rX %$£*%&
dred and sixty-five of an act approjed Juno 8.  ' t
s«sar tesjgx.
the proviso.
Mr TWICHELL. My amendment does not
change the amount of $500,000 as reported by
the committee. It strikes out all of the sec-
tion except the repealing of the law of last
June. This is the most important question, in
my judgment, before the House, or which will
be before the House this session. My object
in offering the amendment is to save if I can
to the country the postal cars. I believe that
my amendment is in that interest, to save the
postal car service. It does not come up to the
expectation of the railroads. It does not pay
the railroads anything like wbat they are en-
titled to. It is not as gentlemen on the other
side say, a gratuity of $500,000 to the railroads.
Let us look, Mr. Chairman, for a single mo
ment at the state of tbe case. In 1838 the first
law recognizing mail service upon railroads was
passed, it gave the railroads for the service
of carrying the mails $237 50 per mile per
annum. This was an increase of twenty-five
per cent, above the highest stage service of
that day. The bill reported by the commit-
tee and advocated by the Postmaster General
gives for the same service but fifty dollars a
mile. Since 1838 railroads have been extend-
ing to the extent of sixty thousand miles. The
expenses have been doubled. The average
weight of these mails has been more than
quadrupled. Yet there has been no increase
of pay. There has been no law passed upon
this subject since 1845. That law graduated
the "pay, making four classes: fifty dollars,
$100, $300, with an increase for night ser-
vice of twenty-five per cent., making in all
$375 per mile per annum.
In 1864, the Postmaster General, Mr. Blair,
asked tbe railroad companies to introduce the
postal cars. The Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral, Mr. Zevely, was sent to Baltimore. He
there arranged with tbe Baltimore company to
build a car of this postal kiud, which is simply
a moving post office. He then proceeded on
to New York and Boston, and asked the entire
line from Washington to Boston to introduce
those cars. He assured the roads that the
Postmaster General would compensate them
so far as it was in his power to do it. lhe
Postmaster General thought he could pay tor
the cars, although he could not increase the
p^y £qp service above tbe statute maximum,
$375 The roads forming the line between
Boston and New York had a meeting to act
uoon that request, and decided to baud the
cars. They built the cars, but before the cars
were put upon the line the company starting
the cars from New York asked the Postmaster
General to fix upon some additional compensa-
tion before putting them into operation.
The lines sent me down, to see the fost-
master General, and to arrange if possible
for additional compensation. He promised
to do everything he could do within the law,
and to recommend to Congress the granting
of additional compensation for this extra ser-
vice. The cars were then started. I his was
in 1864, and they have been run to this day,
without a single penny of compensation to
those roads that received the maximum at
that time, being $375 per mile per annum.
[Here the hammer tell. J .
Mr. HOAR was recognized, and yielded tbe
five minutes to which he was entitled to Mr.
'^rTWICHELL. Consequently, they
started the cars in 1864 without any additional
compensation. They run Hie ears down to
1867, when they came to tbe Postmaster Gen
eral and asked for compensation 1 h.®oar?
were wearing out, and they needed repairs and
additional cars. They asked then for com-
pensation, but no recommendation had been
made by the Postmaster General to Congress
foIn°?868nSa meeting was held between the
*« •> ?  KPtSa? "tteSS
SfeSS, MrR.~d.ll. Mr. Randall
agreed to recommend to Congress an appro
aareeu to reuuuiiucuu w   
priation for that purpose not exceeding one
Lndred percent, additional, and in^view of
that arrangement I introduced into the House
on the 22d June, 1868, a bill to that effect,
that they should be paid not exceeding one
hundred per cent, additional. That bill was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. The railroads have been
asking from that day to this for additional
compensation for this extra service. Those -
cars are now running throughout the length
and breadth of this country. They have be-
come an institution of the country. You can
no more take them off than you can take off
the Post Office Department. If you do, you
will find yourselves iti a situation where the
Postmaster General cannot perform the duties
of his Department in a single distributing office
in the country. You delay the mails going
through the distributing offices between Boston
and Chicago twenty-four hours, while the
postal cars perform the whole service in thirty-
six hours between these cities. You delay
them twelve hours between Boston and this
city. You delay them forty eight hours be-
tween Boston and New Orleans, and in that
ratio wherever postal cars-are run. You de-
prive the public of all of this accommodation
which they are now receiving. The railroads
do not ask for cariying these cars the rates
they receive per car for second-class freight.
This bill will not give the railroad from this
city to New York more than fifteen and a
half cents per car per mile run. The very
lowest price tbey get for their lowest freight is
twenty and a half cents, and they get fifty
cents for Adams & Co.'s express. They ask
the Post Office Department forty cents. I do
not hope to get this at the present time. I
simply propose to authorize the Postmaster
General to make arrangements to carry these
mails and run tliese cars at not exceeding fifty
per cent, increase of their present pay, believ-
ing that Congress will at some future day bet-
ter appreciate and compensate this important
^I'have said that this is the recommendation
of the Postmaster General's predecessor. I
say now, and I think I am justified in saying
it, that it is his own recommendation, because
when the postal code law was enacted be
designated the amount of increase at 1 not
exceeding fifty per cent." . ,
We are just at the heel of the session, ana
the House is entirely unprepared to perfect
any additional legislation on this subject, and
the danger is that we shall .adjourn without
making the necessary appropriation, and the
postal cars will be taken off. Then where shall
we be, and what is the remedy ?
In my judgment, the Postmaster General
should, after the passage of the law of June
last increasing the compensation fifty per
cent., have called together the managers ot
the roads running the postal cars, precisely as
Secretary Stanton did at the opening ot the
war, and have been prepared to recommend
the necessary appropriations at the commence-
ment of tbe session, and thus have secured
permanently this postal-car service. 1 teel
confident there will be no difficulty between
the Postmaster General and the managers
of these roads when they meet, consult, and
exchange views freely. As it now is, there
is but one contracting party, the Postmaster
General, fixing arbitrarily the pay, based upon
the weight of tbe mail, without consultation
and without proposals. This he does in the
interests of economy, and hesitates to ask the
necessary appropriation from a reluctant Con-
gress. I have no doubt tbe railroads will
all accept the pay this bill gives, but I fear
they will not all continue to run the postal
cars.
fHere the hammer fell.]
Mr. PALMER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts states the effect of his amendment
correctly. It would leave the prov.sion of the
code adopted last year for the fifty per cent,
additional compensation to stand', that is to
say, if his amendment should be adopted m
place of the provision of the bill as reported
