1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
finally produced the " coming mau, wbo, I
when the " young Napoleon'' tailed, led the |
loyal soldiers, both East and West, to victory. |
AUI and the West produced an Abraham
Lincoln ; and, to crown all, the " West " pre-
sented to the country a Grant, wbo once more
whipped the rebels, Democrats, and Liberals
combined, and carried the country to one
grand and glorious victory.
It was also heralded over the country that
" western members were passionately devoted
to the old syBtem of spoils." And then the
mean, dirty slander was made that, " deprive
a western member of the prospect of per-
sonal patronage and you make his election
impossible." This was the kind of low slang
that was uttered here in Washington against
"western members." Where is your John
A. Logan, your Farwell, your Beveridge,
your Bingham, your Coburn, your Shanks,
your McCrary, your Moore, your Hawlbx",
your Sargent, and scores of other " western "
members, good and true.
Ou the succeeding day, in the Senate, Sen-
ator Carpenter delivered a powerful and un-
answerable argument against the constitution-
ality, practicability, ana feasibility of the civil
service reform rules, although these same
reckless and irresponsible letter-writers, with
profound wisdom, pronounced it a flippant
affair and his manner unimpressive. It being
my conviction that the civil service rales were
a humbug, and the address accompanying them
a mean insult to the Representatives in this
Hall, without consultation with anybody I
determined to give such expression in this
Hall, as an independent Representative, and
for so doing I was pounced upon by Tray,
Blanche, and Sweetheart, and the rest of the
little curs. But it turned out that I was not
alone in such a view. As I have already said, |
the next day, in the other branch ofthis Iegis- I
tive body, Senator Carpenter, delivered a1
speech against the humbug; which speech had
been well considered, and which I will say, I
without the hazard of contradiction, has never I
been answered and never can be ; and subse- j
quently in this Hall other members, eastern as
well as " western," in thunder tones uttered
their condemnation of the system. I
And, Mr. Speaker, to snow how strangely |
men can be led away by a " mad-dog" cry, and
how infatuated they may become, and how
far they may be led astray by a reckless and
specious cry of "reform," a member from
Vermont [Mr. Willard] actually introduced
a bill in this House making it a crime in a
Representative to tell the President who, in the
opinion of such Representative, ought to and
is best qualified to fill a governmental office ;
and upon the introduction of such bill, the
member from Vermont made a lengthy set
speech, giving his opinion why members were,
unfitted to advise with the President, and why
they should be gagged. A most intereating
panegyric on members of Congress I A " west-
ern " member [Mr. Bingham] nailed the huge
slander to the mast in a matchless speech,
in which he brought out in the broad sunlight
of reason the gross unconstitutionality of the
provisions of the bill. During the same debate
an eastern member, [Mr. Butler,] and preced-
ing the member from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
dealt the disgraceful proposition such blow
with his battle-ax that made it stagger and fall,
to rise no more, it is to bepresumed, in this day
and age of liberty. The monstrous prop-
osition, to be introduced into this Chamber,
to ask members to vote to pat a padlock
upon their lips, and to declare by such vote
that they deem themselves unfit to counsel
with the President of these United States
as to who are best fitted to fill and per-
form the duties of the offices of the country !
I am frank to say that I had the opportunity
to contribute with my vote in placing the seal
of condemnation on such a base proposition.
In the name of high Heaven, if members of
Congress are not capable of advising the Pres-
" Oh, aa advisory board."
It is one grand humbug,
ident, who are?
An advisory board
and an insult to the nation. If these prop-
ositions were followed out to their logical con-
clusions, how long would it take to enslave a
nation? Fix up a few irresponsible men into
what is called an "advisory board," and
then follow that up with the persistent effort
to gag the people's Representatives 1 For
shame 1 for shame 1
Mr. Speaker, by this we discover how
easy it is to follow from bad to worse; and
it also proves the necessity of a free people
by and through their Representatives always
meeting the approach of tyranny at the thresh-
old. You give tyranny an inch and the mon-
ster will ever demand an ell. And, Mr.
Speaker, however much I may respect and
admire the exalted qualities of Grant, I am
not so abject a slave r$ to present myself to
him on bended knee, and say " Please, your
Majesty, just do put this padlock on my lips,
for we are all your slaves, and members of Con-
gress are nothing bat mere figure-heads, ready
to vote for a bill to make themselves criminals
for doing their constitutional duty."
Upon a Pennsylvania delegation waiting
upon the President, requesting the appoint-
ment of a friend of the Administration, one
who had done good and efficient service dur-
ing the campaign, the President made the
following reply, as reported : " Gentlemen, t
do not well see how it would be proper for
me to set aside the rules and regulations of
the civil service commission. I some time
ago determined to force those regulationsd,
on every proper occasion. What have we
here? There are two candidates presented,
both Republicans. One of them, Mr. Fair-
man, has been an employ^ of the Philadelphia
post office for some time, and I am satisfied
that he is fully competent to discharge the
duties of postmaster. If I were disposed to
set aside civil service rules, I might appoint
Mr. Trueman." Was not that a comfort?
How interestingly happy that Pennsylvania
delegation must have felt just about that time!
Did not that look as though the laborer was
worthy of his hire, with a vengeance? It would
be quite a curiosity to know what kind of
estimation that delegation put upon " civil
[ service rules," as they filed out from the
President's presence and while wending their
way homeward. I reckon those men began
to realize the fact, the reality, that President
Grant was in earnest, and that he meant to
"fight it out on that line." That is to say,
they began to discover that President Grant
was an honest man, one proof of which was
that, the civil service rules being the law of
the land, he as President conscientiously felt
that he must, as the Chief Magistrate of the
nation, under the obligation of his oath of
office, enforce those rules. That delegation,
as well as all others, saw that there was no
longer any doubt or uncertainty as to whether
the civil service rules were actually enforced-
The President's refusal to accede to that
delegation's request was no indication of his
approbation or disapprobation of those rules.
He certainly was not the author of the law
under and by which they were framed. On
the other hand, the law was an emanation from
the head of a traitor to his party, and was
hatched up and devised for the wicked pur-
pose of destroying the Republican party. The
law was conceived in sin and brought forth in
iniquity. It was a forerunner of the Cincin-
nati swindle, and has been forever buried in
the Red sea of perdition; and now let its
handmaid be sent to the same dark abode.
Mr. Speaker, I repeat that the "civil ser-
vice rules " and " commission " are one out-
rageous humbug. For saying this, and for
taking this stand on this question, I shall be
abused and again denounced by venal editors
and would be-famous correspondents. A year
ago the foulest and most disgusting slang
dripped from their pens against me, because
then, as an independent member of this body,
I saw fit to utter my condemnation of the
iniquity. But I know of but one rule for a Rep-
resentative, and that is a plain one. On all
occasions, everywhere, and at all times, stand
up for the right, though the whole world sneer,
ridicule, and condemn, and in the end truth
and right will prevail. And I now again de-
clare, and let the declaration be heralded every-
where, that " to the victors belong the spoils."
In other words, and in another phrase " the
successful party must run the Government."
That principle for years upon years has gov-
erned and controlled this Government. It
had become the common law of the land. It
for years had been acquiesced in by all parties.
The Democratic party, from Jackson's time
until the control of the Government went into
the hands of Abraham Lincoln, held the
right to and did control the offices of the
country, and when the reins slipped from the
hands of the Democracy, and the Republican
party assumed control of public affairs, no one
pretended to dispute this long continued and
well established practice, and I might say
common law of the land.
Lincoln immediately organized his Cabinet
by placing in it friends of the Republican party;
and so throughout all the Departments, just
as fast as it could be brought about, Demo-
crats were removed at the beck of the Repub-
lican party, and good loyal Republicans were
installed in their places. No Democrat then
had the audacity to complain pf such proceed-
ings. Universally everybody conceded the
right and the principle that the successful
party must ran the Government. But the
startling anomaly that the Government must
be run as Well by those out as by those in
power was left for these latter days to be
hatched by a traitor to his party, and devised
by the man with the intention and for the
purpose of hoping that it would hoist him into
the presidential chair. Cincinnati buried such
hopes; but his civil service humbug, like Ne-
mesis' shirt, sticks to the Republican party, and
unless thrown off it eventually will bring dis-
astrous ruin and shipwreck to the party.
Mr. Speaker, I have said that I believe that
this civil service reform was a scheme devised
to break ap the Republican party. A part of
that scheme was the plan to fill the offices in
the Government without regard to politics,
the result of which plan would be to fill such
offices by Democrats, rebels, and Republicans
alike.
Now, Mr. Speaker, to prove that this was
the design of the originator of this scheme, to
wit, to strip • the Government offices of all
political power and influence, I quote the lan-
guage of the civil service commission, which
will be found in their famous, or infamous,
" report," which is as follows:
" Again, the perversion of the service to personal
and party ends, with the countless and perilous
abuses which attend it, seems to many persons insep-
arable from a popular republican government. It
is boldly urged that the offices belong to the suc-
cessful iiarty, and that party service should be paid
with office, because what is called the hard work of a
political campaign would not be performed unless
there were au understanding that the workers
should be so rewarded.
" This is to say that patronage ia indispensable to
party organization. But it is a mere assertion in
palliation of an evil practice. To insist that service
to the successful party ought to be rewarded by
office is offensive to the just American principle that
while every citizen should be ready to fulfill every
politioal duty that may be fairly asked of him, no
one has any claim to office whatever. If the money
that a man has paid during a political campaign,
and the time and effort that he has devoted to the
success of principles and a polioy which he must be
supposed to approve are to be considered claims
upon an office, then they are the price of the office,
and his relation to the office and to the contest
is venal, which is the precise evil of the present
practice."
Mr. Speaker, I should suppose that this ex-
tract which I have read from this " report " of
the " civil service commission " was written by
a rebel, or by a traitor to the Republican party,
which is no better. A set of men who are not
qualified either by capacity or honesty to make
