1360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February Q,
self expect that abolishing the franking priv-
ilege will effect any such saving as that, and I
never did. I do not believe that the officers
of the Government ought to be required to
pay the postage on the matter they send on
public business. Take the head of a Depart-
ment, having a salary of $8,000 a year. It is
preposterous that he should be asked to pay
the postage of his Department.
I do not believe that either he or any other
. officer of the Government should be put to
the expense of paying postage on the matter
'which they have occasion in the discharge of
their official duties to send through the mails.
I have never supported the abolition of the
franking privilege on that ground. On the
contrary, I have always insisted that the Gov-
ernment should pay for carrying its own mat-
ter through the mail. But the objection to
the franking privilege was that it provided for
carrying the matter sent on the business of
the Government in a manner open to constant
abuse, and which prevented the Post Office
Department from ever keeping accurate ac-
count, from doing its business precisely. That
is the objection I always took to the franking
privilege as it existed. You had a system by
which every man was required to write his
name on a letter, and if anyone chose to forge
his name there was not much chance of detec-
tion. It was a system which was open to
constant abuse, as has been proved also in other
countries of the world where it existed, and in
all of which, so far as I know, it has been
abolished as an antiquated system which ought
to be done away with.
But to suppose that because the franking
privilege is abolished officers of the Govern-
ment who are compelled to send official mat-
ter through the mails should be required to
pay their own postage, and that we should
provide no substitute for the franking privilege,
is in this respect, I think, a great mistake and
calculated to put that measure of reform in a
wrong attitude. I do not favor anything of
the kind. On the contrary, I am in favor of
the payment of postage on matter sent through
the mails bj' the Government, but in some
manner in which true accounts can be kept
and abuses prevented, and I am opposed to
this amendment, which seems to me based on
a misconception and can result in no good.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 want
to call the attention of the committee to the
fact that there is no reduction from last year's
appropriation.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman allow
me a word?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
I will not be interrupted. [Laughter.] I was
about saying, an(i I hope I shall not be inter-
rupted in the next few minutes, that last
year you appropriated—I have the law in my
hand only $5,700,970; this year you come
with an extra amount, appropriating $6,810,-
602, or $100,000 more than you appropriated
last year. Now, because we have abolished the
franking privilege, you are ready to take off
$1,000,000, but you put it in here, and if you
strike it out you will say " Oh I we have taken
°f *1,000,000.'' Well, you might have taken
oft $5,000,000 just as well as $1,000,000 if you
had putm $4,000,000 more.
I can sefc yo« right.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No; you
to-1] 0t me oa l'iese %ures. [Laugh-
^r' JOTTER. not Postages paid
the Post Office Department ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Here is
another gentleman who wants to know.
(Laughter.] I will answer him. I have here
the report of the Postmaster General, in which
he says that $2,000,000 would be saved by the
abolition of the franking privilege. I do not
believe it, and for the reason that he takes the
returns for half a yearfromsome of the largest
post offices in the country and multiplies them
by all the offices in the country. X waut to
legislate to cut down this appropriation, not
because I desire to damage the service. If I
believed with the gentleman from California
[Mr. Sabgent] that the effect would be to cut
down the postal service, I would not vote to
reduce the appropriation. But I want the
Postmaster General to come in here next
December and ask for his deficiency. He
will not have spent his $5,000,000 by that
time, and then I want to see his report ac-
counting for the deficiency. There will be
no mail routes stopped, no offices closed if he
does his duty, but he will find that he has
failed in his calculation and will come in and
tell us, no doubt, that his statistics were all
wrong, and then we will correct them and give
him as much money as is necessary to carry
on the service. I want this thing brought
before the country. We cannot hunt into his
book-keeping, but we can give him exactly what
he says he wants, $2,500,000 less than last
year, which we are to save by his exertions;
then if he can run his concern for that amount,
I shall be very glad, but if he comes and asks
for $2,000,000 as a deficiency, then I shall
know that he made a mistake, and he will
know it and the country will know it, and this
humbug about a saving from the abolition of
the frank will bo exploded. That is all there
is of it. He allowed his postmasters to hum-
bug him, no doubt, upon sending round his
circulars.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARN3 WORTH. It does not follow
if there should be a deficiency in the Post
Office Department next year that it was be-
cause the Postmaster General was wrong in
his estimate of the benefit to be derived from
the repeal of the franking privilege. How do
these deficiencies arise; what causes them 1
Why, sir, they are caused by the extension of
the mail service to the sparsely-settled por-
tions of the country, to places where they
have none now. The gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Conger,] said the other day, and lie
supposed he was right, that in Michigan there
was a revenue over and above the cost of the
postal service. He was mistaken.
Mr. L. MYERS. I thought so at the time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. liven in that old
State, for it is comparatively an old State
now, there was a deficiency last year in the
postal service of over $30,000; and the defi-
ciency arose in that way. It is, and con-
stantly has been, the effort of the Post Office
Department to keep down the service so as
to prevent deficiencies. The estimates of the
Postmaster General for the last year, and for
several years previous, show that the percent-
age of deficieacies is less year by year than it
used to be. The percentage of the cost of the
mail service in the United States is not so
great now as it was two years ago or ten years
ago. The postal Department is constantly
diminishing its percentage of expenses. Never-
theless there must be deficiencies.
You cannot make thi3 service, logically and
accurately, just and fair and equal in all the
States. If you bring the coat of the service
down so low as to make it simply self-sustain-
ing in the State of Massachusetts you will per-
haps make a deficiency in the State of New
York. If you bring it down to the standard
of New York, you will create a deficiency in
Illinois. If you make Illinois the standard,
then you will make a deficiency in every other
State where the receipts do not come up to
the standard of Illinois. For that reason I
have always been of the opinion that the idea
of making the Post Office Department exactly
self-sustaimug was an absurdity. That, De-
partment is not like a Chinese lady's foot, to
be cramped and kept within a baby?s shoe ; it
grows and grows with the growth of the
country.
You must not stop the music of the postal
horn in any of these sparsely settled portions
of our territories. You* must not stop the
Uight ot the little white-winged messengers
of love and friendship that come from the
Bast to gladden the heart of the pioneer in
the wilderness. The Post Office Department
is really the only Department that dots auj -
thing for the people. It is the only Depau-
ment which brings its service to the doors of
the people and makes them glad.
Yet you grudge a little money here for a
deficiency. And gentlemen, bccause they do
not like the repeal of the franking privilege
take occasion now to thrust darts and arrows
here and there at the Postmaster General or
his Department. While I do not agree with
the estimates of the Postmaster General as
to the amount of saving that the abolition of
the franking privilege will bring to the Depart-
ment, I do agree with him that an amount
will be saved, if not in the Post Office De-
partment, in the revenues of the country, if
you follow it up by wise legislation, cutting
off useless and wasteful printing. I withdraw
my amendment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I renew the
amendment. Gentlemen seem to have left
out of sight altogether two points m the dis-
cussion of this matter. They forget that there
are two great items of growth in the Post Office
Department, items of growth which the figures
set forth more strongly than any speech can
do. For instance, it cost us two years ago
$2,500,000 more for the expenses of the Post
Office Department than it did the year pre-
ceding. It will cost us $4,500,000 for the cur-
rent year more than it did for the last: and if
the franking privilege were not cut off, it would
be $5,500,000 more for the next year than it
was last.
Tli,e question is not, therefore, whether we
shall save in the total, but whether it will
be a smaller or a larger deficiency ; that is all.
It ia wholly a relative question. We estab-
lished during the last year eighteep hundred
new post offices, and they must be maintained ;
and it will cost that much more money to main-
tain them. _ Weare paying $1,800,000more for
transportation than we paid for the same item
last year. Why? Because we have extended
our mail routes everywhere, and it. has greatly
increased the postal facilities of the country.
The two great items of increase have been
in new offices and new mail routes; and on
these the expenditures of the Department are
looming up nearly $6,000,000 over the expend-
itures of last year. We must provide for this
growth ; and hence we cannot strike out the
whole two million and a half, even if the
Postmaster General's figures be correct. We
can only go so far in cutting down as may be
consistent with the growth of the business of
the Post Office and the country. This is the
whole question, and the flings at the abolish-
ment of the franking privilege are wholly
irrelevant to this discussion.
_ Not long ago we abolished the office of as-
sistant assessor of internal revenue. The de-
partment told us that we could in consequence
make a reduction of $2,500,000 in our appro-
priations; but in view of the natural growth
of the business we felt it unsafe to make so
large a reduction ; so we cut down the appro-
priations only a million and a half. Suppos-
ing the Postmaster General's figures to be cor-
rect in every particular, u would be unsafe to
make a reduction of more than a million and
The committee took that into account.
We do not stand on his figures alone. We
stand on the whole case, his figures being a
part of it.
_ Now, I say for one that I am glad the frank-
ing privilege has been abolished. I yesterday
looked over a history of the growth of this
custom, the frank, in this country. It was
instituted in 1702, in the narrowest and most
careful way. _ It was restricted to the Presi-
dent, the Vice President, and members of
Congress, the latter having the privilege only
while they were here in their seats. Subs,-
quently it was extended to cover twenty da\s
