1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
" civil service rules" should be set aside and
the old •' practice" be renewed.
Well, sir, I tliitik I can safely say that this
Pennsylvania delegation, headed by Cameron
and the Governor-elect, was a tolerably fair
exponent of the general understanding of
the country. And, Mr. Speaker, 1 can truth-
fully say that it is the general understanding
amoiij* iny constituents that the r' civil service
rules' are not in torco, and that the old
practice obtains. J am frequently solicited
for an appointment, and when I tell them the
appointments have all been taken away from
members of Congress, that the "civil service
rules are in full blast, and that the offices in
the country, which the people through their
Representatives in Congress ought to control,
are to be filled by a set of irresponsible men
called a " board,'1 whose central headquarters
are at the seat of Government, they receive
the message with incredulous amazement.
Now, Mr. Speaker, thisPennsylvanian dele-
gation, or the men composing it, it will not be
denied are as honest as the generality of men.
One of them has occupied commanding posi-
tions in the Government for years. He tiled
the very responsible position of Secretary of
War under the great and honest " Old Abe."
Now, with all this knowledge of and expe-
rience in public life, in the politics of the
country, this delegation still asked to control
the appointments. Well, sir, what was the
result? Why, General Grant quietly informed
them, and through them the country, that he
could not conscientiously accede to their re-
quest. He told them that as the Chief Magis-
trate and the executive officer of the Govern-
ment he must obey and enforce the law.
So, Mr. Speaker, I think this interview be-
tween the Pennsylvania delegation and the
President settled two things, to wit: one, that
generally it was supposed that the civil ser-
vice rules were a mask put on for a presiden-
tial campaign j and the other, that the Pres-
ident .did not so understand it, but that he
earnestly meant to enforce the "civil service
rules."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think the country fully
understands that the old practice is done away,
and that there is no longer any doubt what
the "civil service rules "mean. The country
now fully understands that members of Con-
gress have nothing to do with the appoint-
ments to office, and that such appointments
have by law been taken away from the mem-
bers and transferred to a few totally irrespons-
ible men sitting in secret conclave in Wash-
ington. Now, the great question arises, will
the people's Representatives stand it? I for
one will say that I would no sooner vote for
such a scheme to tie up the people through
their Representatives than I would vote tor
secession or for general amnesty; and sooner
than vote for general amnesty, and that Jeff.
Davis, the author of Andersonville, might
come back to the Senate of the United States,
I would let ray right hand forget its cunning
and my tongue cleave to the roof of my
mouth.
I am one of those who believe that treason
ought to be punished and traitors be made at
least to take back seats, Mr. Speaker, if
these "civil service rules" are allowed to
stand, then the result will be that a few irre-
sponsible men, organized as a dynasty, are to
rule this great country. Then all that will be
left of a republican Government will be its
name. Its life and spirit will be crushed, and
a mean despptism in the hypocritical garb of
"civil service reform" will dominate the
country. Now is the time and the opportunity
for thisCongres8 to rise above a feeble timidity
and abolish the infamous scheme.
I have said that the object and design of this
commission and the originator of the scheme
was to break up the Republican party, by dis-
tributing the offices alike among rebels as well
as others, and in corroboration of this charge
I quote the following language from their insult-
ing report:
" If it bo further objected that to opon the oppor-
tunity to all qualified applicants, is to give the lnte
enemy of the Government the same ohance to serve
it with the oitiaen who offered bis life in its defense,
the reply is. that it would bo a fatally unwise policy
to perpetuate proscription in a reformed civil ser-
vice. To insist upon «uoh a proscription would be
to exclude peremptorily all of the citizens in one
part of the country from any position in tho civil
servioe."
Mr. Speaker, one might well think that that
part of this " report" was written by a rebel.
It is not only a plea for rebels, but it is a bare-
faced falsehood. The truth is there are mil-
ling of men in the rebel States who were loyal
and faithful to the Government during the whole
rebellion, and who freely risked life, property,
and their all in the cause of liberty, and who
are capable of being Senators, Representa-
tives, and of filling any of the offices in the
Government, and yet this "report" says if
rebels are excluded you thereby exclude every-
body in the late rebel States. I suspect that
this falsehood never would have made a part
of this famous "report" had not so many
loyal men South had dark skins. Because the
tmth is, the commission in this part of the
report wholly ignore the loyal colored man in
the South.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I repeat that this "re-
port" was written by a rebel or by a rebel
sympathizer. Why, sir, would it be saying too
■ much to say that our colored brethren South
are capable of performing the duties con-
! nected with the offices of Government ?
Have we not a Rainey, an Elxjott, and
other colored members associated with us in
: this body ; and do you discover any lack of
I ability as legislators? Did not the member
from South Carolina [Mr. Rainey] at the last
j session put to root the brilliant debater from
New York [Mr. Cox] in an even-handed tussle?
Mr. Speaker, I am free to say that no rebel
will ever get an office in this Government by
my vote. I think if they are allowed to live in
the Government, and receive and share its great
blessings otherwise, it is about enough. But,
sir, this report advances the heartless proposi-
tion that the late rebels, who fiendishly starved
thousands upon thousands of loyal Boldiers to
death, are to be taken right to the affectionate
embrace of this Government and given Gov-
ernment pap. Away with such a base propo-
sition I Let members of Congress properly
resent this indignity which is thrust in their
faces.
I have said that the main object of the
movers of the "■civil service" humbug was
to destroy party lines—to break up the Repub-
lican party; and in further proof I again refer
to this famous report, which reads as follows :
"But still further to limit and baffle insidious
political influence, meaning members of Congress,
we propose not only that the appointments shall be
made from the few who are proven to bebestquailfied,
but that it shall be made to the lowest (Trade of any
graded group of positions. In the method we pro-
vide to baffle political pressure we do the utmost that
the Constitution allows, and reduce that pressure
to the lowest point."
Well, here you have it again. Anything to
"baffle" members of Congress. Anything to
gag the people's Representatives. This "com-
mission " say that they have gone to the very
verge of the Constitution to " baffle the polit-
ical influence exerted by members of Con-
gress." Mr. Speaker, let the political influence
of members of Congress be broken up, and,
in the language of this commission, "baffled,"
and you have no party. And, consequently,
the result will be the destruction of the Repub-
lican party; a result so aimed at by the late
Demo-Liberals, and, I will add, so designed
by these few men composing this "commis-
sion."
The men who originated the civil service
reform wanted to "baffle political" influence.
I wonder if Grant is not a politician. If he
had not been a radical politician, doesany one
suppose that he to-day would be President of
this great nation ? Is any one so wild as to
imagine that Grant would have received the
nomination of the Republican party at Phila-
delphia if he just previously had announced to
the world that he was no longer a Republican ;
that he was as much a Democrat as anything;
that he had abandoned politics? No. The
great Republican party's instincts would have
told it that the party must select another man.
That party would have said that it wanted no
divided love. That party, in thunder tones,
would have uttered the sentiment that " he
who is not for me is against me." That party
would have rejected the proposition with
scorn, and held the man with such principles—
or rather the man with no principles—in con-
tempt and derision.
The instincts of the Republican party would
have boldly said that a politician must be nom-
inated ; and if Grant had come out in flaming
colors and announced that he was no longer a
politician, that he had read the civil service
commission's " report" and he had made up
his mind to go back on all history, change
men's and parties' human nature, and see if
be could not succeed by "baffling" political
influence, the Republican party's innate good
sense and shrewdness would have said "We
cannot trust Grant any longer ; we cannot
make a President of a man who is on the fence;
we want a politician, and one who is of our
kind of politics, too." That party would have
said, too, that it would not take any of your
half-way politicians, either. The party would
have said, "Grant you must go the whole figure,
and then you can be our President.'' The party
would have said, " If that is your style, if that
is to be your rule of conduct, to direct your
energies to ' baffle' all political influence, we
will lay you on the shelf." TSe Republican
party would have directed Grant to the Lib-
erals for support and sympathy, as the Lib-
erals were badly in need of a caudidate who
had no political principles.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what is good enough for
Grant—for the President—is good for the
people ; and as the Republican party required
as a prerequisite to Grant's nomination that
he should be a politician, so every genuine
member of the Republican party is expected
to be a politician. But the men who hate that
party, and meant and still are determined to
break up the great loyal party of the country,
bec^pse they cannot run it and sell it out
whenever their treachery demands it—I say
such men are for moving heaven, earth, and
bellto"baffie political influence," knowing
thereby that the Republican party will vanish
into thiu air, and perhaps they will then obtain
what they lost from their treachery.
Mr. Speaker, I stand here to-dayand declare
that it is my deliberate conviction that, as the
Republican party rescued this Government
from the destructive hands of the rebels and
the Democratic party, that same Republican
party must control this Government; and if
I am right, I ask Republicans how this is to be
done if the offices throughout the country are
to be filled by the enemies of that party ? I
believe I speak the honest sentiment of every
geuuine member of the Republican party
throughout this broad land, whether in Con-
gress or out.
This commission, in their report, refer to
the British plan of competitive examination
as though there it were a suocess; although
they could not say so yet they have alluded
to its workings in that country so as to be
understood as declaring it a success.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the competitive plan in
Great Britain is denounced as an entire fail-
ure. In the London Quarterly Review for the
month of July there is an able article upon
"competitive examination and the civil ser-
vice," by an Englishman, from which I quote
the following:
"As wo write we hear rumors of worse thing*
