1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1161
after the close of a session. Packages franked
were limited to two ounces. In 1810 the privi-
lege was extended to embrace a few days
further each way from the session. But the
persons enjoying this privilege were forbidden
to send under frank anything but their own
communications ; they were punishable by fine
for sending a letter of any one else. By and by
public documents were allowed to be franked.
Still later newspapers were permitted to come
free to members of Congress; but they could
receive in this way only one newspaper apiece,
and that during the sessions of Congress. Thus
the franking privilege has grown from 1792
until now, when it has overleaped all 'bound-
aries and all barriers. I am satisfied that the
great body of the American people will be glad
that with its manifold opportunities for wrong
it is at last extirpated.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TYNER. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
oppose the amendments submitted by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to reduce this
appropriation. That proposition, I appre-
hend, is based on the idea that the Post Office
Department will hereafter need a smaller
appropriation in consequence of the abolition
of the franking privilege. If the gentleman
supposes that by reason of the abolition of
the franking privilege the Post Office Depart-
ment may be conducted at a less expense than
it has been heretofore, then I exclaim "May
the Lord have mercy on his simple soul!"
It is true that in my judgment the revenues
of the Post Office Department will be some-
what increased simply because the corre-
spondence which this Department has here-
tofore carried free for the Interior, the Treas-
ury, and' other Executive Departments will
now have to be paid for. This is the only rea-
son why the revenues of the Post Office De-
partment will be increased. I had occasion
in speaking upon this subject once before to
say that it was simply a proposition to take
money out of one pocket and put it into
the other. I repeat that statement. If there
shall be collected as postage upon the corre-
spondence of the several Executive Depart-
ments the sum of $500,000, for instance, the
revenues of the Post Office Department will be
increased to just that amount; but the people
pay the bill precisely as they did when that
correspondence was carried in the mails free.
But I am opposed to reducing the appropri-
ation here proposed. My notions on this sub-
ject are somewhat radical. I do not believe
that the postal service or the country is per-
fected. If the proposition were made to give
the Postmaster General §10,000,000 instead of
$6,000,000 I would vote for it freely. Why?
Because, as was suggested by the gentleman
from Illinois, this is the only Department
whose business reaches the people all over
the country and benefits them. I would have
the mails go everywhere and underall circum-
stances where modes of conveyance could be
provided. I would have cheap postage, but
in my judgment the last idea that ought to
enter the head of the chief of the postal estab-
lishment is that of making the Department
self sustaining. Perhaps, sir, within the next
three or four decades that Department may
reach a self sustaining basis. _ I think, how-
ever, it cannot do so with justice to the people
of this country within the next quarter of a
century : and if it shall ever do so it will be by
reason of the great expansion of business and
the enormous growth of population ; for no
other reason. I would have rnails go everywhere
upon every railroad train in the United bt&tes
if it were necpssary, and I would have the very
cheapest rate of postage established that would
enable us to send to the people who do pay
their correspondence through the man, and
nothing more than that.
[Here the hammer fell.]
.Mr. COX. If the amendment be withdrawn
I will renew it.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I wish to renew
the amendment simply for the purpose of call-
ing the attention of the House to the remark-
able exhibition we are making here to-day on
this postage question. I supposed there was
some economy or statesmanship in this House
on this business. Iam sure there ought to be on
the other side of the House, for at the Phila-
pelphia convention, which met on the 5j.h apd
6th days of June, 1872, the patriots of this
country—I may say, Mr. Chairman, the Chris-
lian patriots of this country—adopted the fol-
lowing resolution, that the franking privilege
ought to be abolished and the way prepared
for a speedy reduction in the postage. I sup-
pose the people of the country really voted,
for that proposition. The voice of the people
and the voice of God seemed to indicate that
we should reduce the postage, putting a stop
to all the printed matter which the colored
and all other people here franked during the
last summer. It was an abuse, and such an
abuse that the other side of the House now
attempt to make a virtue for themselves be-
cause they abolished it. They used all the
men they could get out of all the Departments
in Washington for the purpose of franking
documents during the last summer. You,
gentlemen on the other side of the House,
franked fourteen million documents last year
to carry the elections.
Mr. STEVENSON. How much did you
frank ?
Mr. COX. Only half a million, my Chris-
tian brother. [Great laughter.]
Mr. STEVENSON. That is just what was
the matter with you. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. That was because we did not
have the Young Men's Christian Association
to help us. And that is the reason, I suppose,
they had fourteen million franked, not only by
all they could get from all of the Departments
in Washington, but by all of the colored troops,
too, Mr. Chairman, for in that campaign they
fought nobly in this business of franking docu-
ments. [Laughter.]
Now, I have a report here of 1871, from the
Postmaster General, in which he says he will
save $2,513,327 72 by the abolition of the
franking privilege on printed and written mat-
ter now sent free under the franking privilege.
Notwithstanding that, it is proposed here_ to
add something additional to the appropriation
bill for the Post Office Department. You add
$15,000,000 to the annual expenditures of the
Post Office appropriation bill. I do not say
you mean to do wrong by it. I think you mean
to please the people by it; but why not come
up and say to the Postmaster General, " Be
now economical and save the Government this
much. . We have done our duty as Christian
statesmen. We ask you simply to do your
part in cutting down the expenses of the peo-
ple." There is no honesty in it, no fairness,
no squareness in the whole business, and all
sides of the House know it. You have cut
down the franking privilege, but you do not
reduce the expenses. I ask you to stick to
the Philadelphia platform, and to stand by the
people.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, Now,
Mr. Chairman, if I thought I was to take the
mail facilities from one man from Maine to
the Pacific I would certainly stop. I do not
desire to have a single man deprived of his
mail. I wish every man might have a daily
mail. But our Post Office Department in the
first place made estimates for all the mail
service that is supposed to be necessary, and
we have passed them, and yet the Postmaster
General adds a calculation which he has
brought down to $6,960,002, a deficiency
which gentlemen say is to come from the in-
crease of mail facilities in the coming year,
which shows accuracy. How did he know
this deficiency of appropriation provided_ to
meet the growth of the country would be just
up to two dollars? How was it possible to
estimate so closely for the future, whether in
the postal or any other business? The fact
is, this is a suppositious sum. I pat my ob-
jection against it on the ground that when we
had given him all he asked he puts in another
sum, for the growth of the country, greater
than last year, although we have abolished
the franking privilege.
The chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations said we had established last year
eighteen hundred new offices and with their
concomitants they would only make up the
sum of $1,800,000. That is only eighteen
hundred post offices. That is all the growth
last year. Bat the increase proposed this-year
is one fifth of the whole Post Office expenses.
Do we grow one fifth every year? Do we
grow twenty per cent, every year? Are there
twenty, per cent, of new postal routes and new
post offices established every year? By no
means. It is a miscalculation.
I desire now to say one word about the
franking privilege. I agree that Congress did
not allow a man to send home more than two
ounces in a package in 1790, when they had
to carry the mail on the back of a pony from
New York, and when my predecessor .from
my district had to drive here with his own
horse. But when railroads were introduced
it became cheaper to carry any books we send
than it was to carry the two ounces home,
which our predecessors had the right to frank—
cheaper to carry the books we send now by
railroad than it was to send the two ounces
in 1790. We must take m the growth of the
country all around us and the difference in
the spread of information when we are talking
about the extent of the franking privilege.
The Postmaster General tells us that he does
not want so much by $2,500,000. Bat if it
shall turn out that he does want as much, he
may come here next December and ask us for
a deficiency as he has already done for the
present year.
Mr. PALMER. No, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stood from a member of the Committee on
Appropriations that there was a deficiency
asked for the current year.
Mr. PALMER The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I thought
I had it from a very good source.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts was not wrong in taking my know-
ledge of it. The first deficiency bill included
an appropriation of $100,000 for the printing
of postal cards.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It seems
I am right. At any rate the gentlemen have
it between them. What I want to say is that
the Postmaster General can come here for a
deficiency next December, and I shall vote
for it cheerfully, and all the more cheerfully
if he will establish new routes everywhere.
For I do not believe in making post offices
self-sustaining. I want to see the time when
letters shall be carried for a penny all over
the country. I do not care what Department
pays it, because it comes out of the people at
last. But I do not want the people to be
taught to believe that we have got a self-sus-
taining institution when it is sustained out of
the Treasury at the other end of the avenue.
I want the people to know what this great
institution costs which supplies lettersand news
each year. I want to get rid of what seems to
me the jugglery of book-keeping. I want the
people to see exactly what it costs to sustain
the institution, and then vote willingly what
is necessary to sustain the Post Office system,
and desire to see it extended. I have never
yet voted against the extension of a mail route,
and never mean to do so ; and my vote shall
be given to extend the privileges of mail
communication into the darkest and farthest
off places there are in this country.
[Here tbe hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. PALMER. I renew the amendment.
