1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2121
lands in Kansas; provided that the amount
shall be in full satisfaction for said indebt-
edness.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must object to the pass-
age of the bill without further explanation.
Mr. LOWE. It is for certain legal services.
I have a letter from the Interior Department.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the letter be read.
Mr. LOWE. It is for only $500, and I send
it up to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Department op the Interior,
Washinqton, D. C., February 4, 1873.
Sib : I have the honor to return herewith the
papers submitted by you to this Department on the
30th ultimo, relative to the claim of John L. Pend-
ery, surviving partner of the firm of Pendery &
Gambell, attorneys, for compensation for services
rendered by said firm as attorneys in the United
States circuit court in Kansas against trespassers on
the Delaware Indian lands in that State.
I inclose herewith a copy of a report of the Acting
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, dated the 3d instant,
in relation to the subject, and concur with him in the
opinion that the fee charged is a reasonable one, and
that provision should be made by Congress for its
payment. I will also add that in 1867, at the time
mentioned in the petition of Mr. Pendery, Hon.
Louis V. Bogy was acting as special agent of this
Department, and had power to take such steps as were
necessary to arrest the trespassers on the Delaware
Indian lands in Kansas, including the right to em-
ploy counsel to prosecute suits for that purpose.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. DELANO, Secretary.
Hon. P. T. Fkelinghuysen,
Senator of the United States.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
WASHINGTON TREATY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 1580) to authorize the con-
tinued employment of an agent and counsel
of the United States ; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that it
shall be lawful for the President of the United
States, in his discretion, to continue the ap-
pointment and employment of the present
agent and counsel of the United States, under
articles twelve to seventeen, inclusive, of the
treaty between the United States and Great
Britain, concluded May 8, 1871, and for said
agent and counsel to act under such continued
appointment and employment, notwithstanding
the election of the said agent and counsel as a
Representative in the Forty-Third Congress;
provided that such appointment and employ-
ment shall not continue after said agent and
counsel shall have taken the oath of office as
such Representative.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
EDWARD P. TORKEY AND WILLIAM B. TILTON.
The next business on the Speaker's table
a bill (S. No. 1522) for the relief of Edward
P. Torrey aud William B. Tilton; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that Ed-
ward P. Torrey, of the city of New York, and
William B. Tilton, of Newburyport, Massa-
chusetts, have leave to make a new application
to the Commissioner of Patents for the exten-
sion of the letters-patent granted to them for
an improvement in door-springs on the 8th
of September, 1857, and reissued February
10, 1863, for fourteen years from first men-
tioned date; and that the Commissioner of
Patents be authorized to consider and determ-
ine such application in the same manner and
with the same effect as if it had been filed
ninety days before the expiration of the pat-
ent ; provided that no damages shall be col-
lected of any person for an infringement of
the patent between the time of the expiration
and renewal of the same.
Mr. GOLLADAY. I hope that bill will be
put on its passage.
Mr. MAYNAKD. Unless some one makes
an explanation of this, I object.
The bill was rejected.
B. H. RANDALL.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 747) for the relief of B. H.
Randall; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be directed to pay
out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated the sum of $300, to B. H.
Randall, in full payment of his expenses from
St. Paul to Washington, in the year 1865, and
returning, when arrested by the military author-
ities, &e.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I hope that will
not pass.
Mr. COBURN. It is a good bill; this man
paid his expenses from Minnesota here, and
they ought to be reimbursed to him.
Mr. MAYNARD. There has been so much
noise in the Hall, that few members know
what the object of the bill is.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill will
be again reported for the information of the
House.
The bill was again read.
Mr. DUNNELL. I would be glad to make
a simple statement of the object of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN." I hope there will be no
objection to the gentleman from Minnesota
making a statement.
There was no objection.
Mr. DUNNELL. This man was arrested
on the charge of taking to himself insurance
money from a sutler's store which those who
arrested him supposed to belong to the United
States. It turned out that the store belonged
to himself. By some error in the return of
the land office, the Fort Ridgely reservation
was not returned as a military reservation.
The men who arrested him supposed the lands
had been returned as military lands, and that
he had improperly appropriated the insurance
money on the sutler's store. He was brought
down here and compelled to pay his own ex-
penses. The Department of Justice advised
the prompt payment of this small sum, cover-
ing the expenses incurred in consequence of
this wholly unjust arrest. The man resides
in my own district, and I know the circum-
stances.
The bill was taken from the Speaker's table,
read three times, and passed, two thirds voting
therefor.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments
to the bill (S. No. 1391) repealing an acft
entitled "An act for the relief of certain
Indians in the Nebraska superintendency,"
approved June 10, 1872.
NEBRASKA DISTRICT CODRT.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1497) fixing the time of
holding the fall term of the United States dis-
trict court for the district of Nebraska.
The bill was taken from the Speaker's table,
read three times, and passed, two thirds voting
therefor.
REPORT OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. PRICE. I rise to make a privileged
report from the Committee on Printing. I
report the following resolution :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That twelve thousand five hun-
dred additional copies of the report of the Smith-
sonian Institution for tho year 1872 be printed,
twenty-five hundred copies of which shall be for the
use of the Senate, five thousand for the use of the
House, and five thousand for the use of the Institu-
tion, provided that the aggregate number of pages
of said report shall not exceed four hundred and
fifty, and that there shall be no illustrations except
those furnished by the Smithsonian Institution.
The resolution was adopted.
JOSIA1I GEORGB JBNNINGS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1471) for the relief of
Josiah George Jennings.
The bill was read. In its preamble it sets
forth that Josiah George Jennings made appli-
cation for a patent for an improvement in
water-closets, which application was, after due
examination, allowed by the Commissioner
of Patents, on the 14th of September, 1870,
but became forfeited on the 14th of March,
1871, by reason of the non-payment of the
final fee of twenty dollars as required by law;
and that it appears that the said fee was
placed in the hands of bis agents in due season,
but by neglect or mistake was not put in the
Patent Office within the time required by law.
The bill therefore enacts that Josiah George
Jennings have leave to make payment of the
final fee of twenty dollars in the matter of his
application for a patent for an improvement
in water-closets, which application was allowed
by the Commissioner of Patents on the 14th
of September, 1870; and that the Commis-
sioner of Patents be authorized, upon the pay-
ment of such fee of twenty dollars, to issue
the patent in the same manner as if the fee
had been paid on or before the 14th of March,
1871; provided that any person who has com-
menced the manufacture oruse of the improve-
ment before the final payment of the fee, shall
be authorized to continue such manufacture
and use without liability for infringement as
if this act had not been passed, and no person
shall be liable for an infringement of the
patent prior to manufacture and use thereof
herein authorized.
Mr. SPEER. As this gentleman seems to
be apublic benefactor, I hope this bill will pass.
The bill was taken from the Speaker's
table, read three times, and passed, two thirds
voting therefor.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found duly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 3922) making appropri-
ations for the repair, preservation, and com-
pletion of certain public works on rivers and
harbors, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 4057) to amend an act
entitled "An act to reduce duties on imports,
and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," approved June 6, 1872, and for
other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 3583) making appropri-
ations for the payment of claims reported
allowed by the commissioners of claims under
the act of Congress of March 3, 1871;
An act (S. No. 950) authorizing the Kansas
Yalley National Bank of Topeka, in the State
of Kansas, to change its name to the First
National Bank of Topeka;
An act (S. No. 627) to place colored persons
who enlisted in the Army on the same footing
as other soldiers as to bounty and pensions;
An act (S. No. 1016) to extend the works
of the Georgetown.Gas-Light Company;
An act (S. No. 1318) to authorize certain post-
masters to deposit public moneys in national
banks; and
An act (S. No. 1301) to enable Richard A.
Stewart to make application to the Commis-
sioner of Patents for the extension of letters-
patent for an improvement in clarifying and
defecating cane-juice.
ALEXANDER DOUGLASS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1465) for the extension of a
patent to Alexander Douglass, of New York.
Mr. HIBBARD. I ask that that bill be
passed over.
The bill remained upon the Speaker's table.
HOWARD F. MOFFAT.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1224) for the relief of
Howard F. Moffat.
