1162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
I desire to say that there is no deception as to
the amounts that are estimated for in this bill.
Nobody knows better than the gentleman from
Massachusetts that the amounts estimated in
this bill are based on estimates of the growth
of the postal system.- During the past year
the actual construction of railroads in this
country was eight thousand aud seventy-seven
miles, more than it had been in the preceding
year, and they are included in the postal ser-
vice. At the same rate of increase the length
constructed next year would be ten thousand
miles. There were, as has been stated by
the gentleman from Ohio, over eighteen hun-
dred post offices established. Next year there
will be the final readjustment of postmasters'
salaries, which will involve an amount of
$600,000. There will be the increase of the
free-delivery system, of which the cities of
Massachusetts and other populous cities will
have the chief benefit, causing an increase of
$315,000. These are some of the items which
go to make up the difference between the
appropriations of this year and the appro-
priations of last year.
Now, there is an error !as to what the Post-
master General has estimated as to the abo-
lition of the franking privilege. He has no-
where said that he could save $2,500,000 by
tbe abolition of the franking privilege. He
did say that according to the returns made to
him by the postmasters he had fouud that if
the free matter had been paid for at the regu-
lar rates of postage it would have yielded a
revenue of $2,500,000.
He even stated it stronger than that in his
report, which i have before me, that last year
there was free matter sent through the mails
which, if it had been paid for at the regular
rates, would have yielded three and a half mil-
lion dollars; but he did not assume that that
amount of matter would have gone through
the mails if it had had to be paid for at regu-
lar rates. He has made a fair and reasonable
reduction, diminution in the amount of matter
that will be sent when you compel people to
pay for it instead of sending it free.
Now he has made an estimate that there
will be a saving of a million and a half dollars.
Supposing the saving should be more; sup-
posing that you appropriate two and a half
million dollars instead of one and a half more
than is wanted, what becomes of it? It is not
lost; it is covered into the Treasury again.
Again, there has been no deficiency in the
regular appropriations asked for this session.
The only deficiency asked for has been of a
specific sum for postal cards. You made no
appropriation for postal cards. The Post-
master General had a surplus of the general
iund, but he had not any surplus or fund with
which to meet that appropriation, and did not
divert from any other fund.
I oppose, therefore, the motion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to make the diminu-
tion two and a half million dollars instead of
one and a half million. I now ask unanimous
consent that all debate be closed.
There was no objection,and it was so ordered.
The question was first upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Speer to the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Appropriations.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
15, noes 64.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Has a
quorum voted ?
1 he CHAIRMAN. A quorum has not voted.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Let us have tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Speer and
Mr. Palmer were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 18, noes 104.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to. ^
The amendment of the Committee on Ap-
propriations was then agreed to.
Mr. DUNNELL. I move to strikeout in
lines eight and nine the words " including the
cost of carrying free mail matter."
Mr. PALMER. There is no objection to
that..
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PALMER. I move that the commit-
tee rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Borch-
ard reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had under consideration the bill (H. R.
No. 3498) making appropriations for the ser-
viceof the Post Office Department for the year
ending June 30, 1874, and had directed him to
report the same to the House with sundry
amendments.
Mr. PALMER. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
All the amendments from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union upon
which separate votes were not asked were
agreed to.
Mr. SPEER. I ask unanimous consent
that we may have a vote in the House on my
amendment which I offered in the committee.
Mr. SARGENT. That cannot be done; I
object.
The question was upon agreeing to the fol-
lowing amendment:
That commencing with the 1st day of July. 1873,
lettet-carriers may be employed for the freedelivery
of mail matter as frequently as the public conven-
ience may require, at every place containing a pop-
ulation of twenty thousand, within the delivery of
its post office; and that for the purposes of employ-
ing carriers where not already employed at such
places, the sum of $100,000 is hereby appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were twenty-seven
in the affirmative, noes not counted.
So (over one fifth voting in the affirmative)
the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and there
were—yeas 97, nays 77, not voting 66 ; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Averill, Banks, Barber, Barry,
Erasmus W. Beck, Bell, Bigby, Bingham, Buckley,
Buffinton, Bunnell, Burchard, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cotton,
Crocker, Darrall, Dawes. Dickey, Donnan, Duell,
Bunnell, Eames, Elliott, Esty, Farnsworth, Farwell,
Finkelnburg, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Gar-
rett, Hale, Halsey, Harmer, Harper, John B. Haw-
ley, Joseph R. Hawley, Gerry W. Hazelton, John
W. Hazelton, Hill, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall, Kerr,
Ketcham, Lamport, Lowe, Marshall, MeCor-mick,
McKee, Merriam, Merrick, Mitchell, Monroe,
Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Packard, Packer,
Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce,
Porter, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts. Rusk, Sargent,
Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, Slocum, H.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder, Sprague,
Starkweather. Stevens, Stevenson, Sutherland,
Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner, Twichell,
Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Wallace, Wells, Wheeler.
Winchester, and Wood—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Beatty, James B. Beck, Bird, James G. Blair, Brax-
ton, Bright, Caldwell, Comingo, Conger, Cox, Cross-
land, Davis, Dodds, Dox, DuBoso, Duke, Eldredge,
Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Gretz, Giddings,
Golladay, Griffith, Hambleton, Hancock, Handley,
Hanks, George E. Harris, John T. Harris, Hay,
Herndon, Hibbard, Hoar, Holman, Houghton,
Kilhnger, King, Lamison, Lewis, Maclntyre, Man-
son, Maynard, McGrew, McHenry, Mcjunkin,
McKinney, Benjamin F. Meyers, Silas L. Niblack,
William E. Niblack, Hosea W. Parker, Randall,
Read, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Sawyer, Seo-
field. Slater, Speer, Storm, Stoughton, Stowell, St.
John Sypher, Terry Vaughan, Waddell, Walden,
Waldron, Warren, Willard, Williams of New York,
John T. Wilson, and Young—77.
NOT "VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Barnum,
Biggs, Austin Blair, Boarman, Boles. Brooks, Bur-
dett, Campbell, Carroll, Coghlan, Conner, Crebs,
Creely, Critcher, Ely, Forkcr, Goodrich. Haldeman,
Havens, Hays, Hereiord, Hooper, Kinsella, Lansing
Leach, Lynch, McClelland, McCrary, McNeely,
Moore, Morgan, Negley, Orr, Perry, Peters, Piatt,
?°ian& gotter. Pnco Prindle, Edward Y. Rice,
John M. Rice1, Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Robin-
son, Roosevelt, Seeley,Sessions, Shanks, Sherwood,
Shober, Sloss, Worttungton C. Smith, Snapp,
owann, Taffe, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Van
■trump, Voorhees, Whiteley. Whitthorne, Williams
ot Indiana, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—66.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS said: On this ques-
tion I am paired with Mr. Potter, my col-
league, who if present would vote in the affirm-
ative, and I would vote in the negative.
The next amendment, upon which a separate
vote had been called by Mr. Palmer, was to
strike out the following:
For official envelopes for postmasters, $20,525.
The question was taken; and it was not
agreed to, upon a division—ayes thirty-five,
noes not counted.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask a separate vote on
that, provision of this bill which gives $500,000
additional to the railroads for carrying the
mails. That amendment was made in order
by a suspension of the rules.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It was made in
order as a portion of the text of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Palmer] obtained a suspension of
the rules, making this provision in order.
Mr. RANDALL. That, is true.
The SPEAKER. That is a different case
from the one stated by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.] The rules
were not suspended so as to make the pro-
vision in question in order as an amendment,
but as a part of the bill originally reported
from the committee.
Mr. RANDALL. Have I no right to secure
a record in the House upon that gratuity to
the railroads ?
The SPEAKER. Under what rule has the
gentleman that right? It is a portion of the
text of the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Then, for the purpose of
showing hands upon that provision, I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would beg
the gentleman to indicate what vote he would
have taken by yeas and nays on that provision.
It stands now as a part of the bill originally
reported from tbe Committee on Appropri-
ations.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask a vote on the
motion made in Committeee of the Whole to
strike out that paragraph.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] asks unanimous con-
sent to make in the House a motion, which lie
says was made in Committee of the Whole, to
strike out that paragraph. Of course the
Chair is not presumed to know what occurred
in Committee of the Whole, except as reported
to the House.
Mr. PALMER. I object to any motion to
strike out.
Mr. RANDALL. Of course.
Mr. SARGENT. He would be foolish if he
did not object.
The SPEAKER. The amendments having
been disposed of, the question now recurs,
will the House order the bill as amended to
be engrossed and read a third time ?
The question being taken : there were—ayes
89, noes 33.
Mr. RANDALL. I call the yeas and nays
on this question, because I want to prevent
the engrossment of such a clause as I have
already referred to.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this vote on the passage
of the bill?
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir; it is on the en-
grossment. It is practically a test vote on that
section appropriating half a million dollars to
be paid to the railroad companies.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative-—yeas 126, nays 36, not voting
78; as follows:
YJSAS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Averill, Banks
Barber, Barry, Biggs, Bingham, Boles, Buckley!
Buffinton, Bunnell, Burchard, Roderick II. Butler,
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Comingo, Conger, Cotton.
Critcher, Crocker Davis, Dawes, Dickey,'Donnan!
Duell, Dunnell, Eames, Elliott, Ely, Esty, ITarns-
