2122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. EAMES. I ask the passage of that
WW- , „ .
The bill was read. It authorizes the Presi-
dent of the United States to nominate, and, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
to appoint upon the retired list of the Navy,
with the rank of master, Howard F. Moffat,
now a volunteer officer on the active list of the
Navy.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, received its several
readings, and was passed.
MARCOS OTTERBOURG.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1566) for the relief of Mar-
cus Otterbonrg, late consul of the United States
at the city of Mexico, and minister to the
republic of Mexico.
The bill was read.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I hope
that bill will be laid aside.
Mr. BANKS. It is a just bill and ought to
The question was taken on the passage of
the bill; and (two thirds not voting in favor
thereof) the bill retained its place upon the
Speaker's table.
st. paul and pacific railroad company.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1305) for the extension
of time to the St. Paul and Pacific Railroad
Company for the completion of its roads.
The bill was read. It provides that the
time for the completion of the railroad from
St. Anthony to Brainerd, in the State of Min-
nesota, and the railroad from St. Cloud to St.
Vincent, as now located, may, with the ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Interior, be
extended for nine months from the time
limited by the act of Congress, and if the
roads be completed within the nine months,
they shall be entitled to all the benefits and
provisions of all acts of Congress relating
thereto in the same manner as if they had been
completed within the time limited by the law.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope this bill will not
pass.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. A bill of this char-
acter ought not to pass at two o'clock in the
morning.
Mr. SPBER. Has the bill ever been oon-
eonsidered by a committee of this House ?
Mr. AVER1LL. I ask the House lo allow
me a word. This bill has been reported by
the Committee on the Public Lands, and no
more meritorious or just bill was ever consid-
ered by the House. The road and its branches
is entirely in my district, and I speak of its
condition from a personal knowledge. The
company have acted in the best of faith
throughout. No more efficient or faithful
officers ever managed the affairs of a rail-
road in this country. The iron is all in the
State, and the ties are ready, and the road
would have been completed only for the un-
precedented severity of a winter, which has no
parallel in the history of the State. No change
is contemplated in the control of the road, nor
is there sought an additional acre from the
public lands.
Mr. HOLMAN. This grant was made in
1857. Nothing was done toward the construc-
tion of the road for five years afterward, and
the grant was renewed in 1862. Two hundred
and fifty-seven miles of the road is still un-
completed, and most of the stock in the road
is held by Europeans.
Mr. AYERILL. That is not correct; not a
dollar's worth of stock is held there. Capital-
ists of Europe have,advanced money upon the
bonds of the road for its construction, and
those men have done so from the inviting fea-
tures of this country, and the confidence they
have placed in the Government to act justly
in the event of misfortune. To take advan-
tage in a ease like this, and divest the road of
its grant, would be an act of extreme injustice.
Mr. HOLMAN. The road is held by for-
eign capitalists, and it is against the policy of
the House to pass this class of bills. I hope
the House will not pass the bill without the
most careful consideration.
Mr. AYERILL. I hope the House will
pass the bill, and thereby promote the com-
merce of the country, and also save thousands
of settlers from disaster and distress.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 76, noes 19 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Averili, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 105, noes 20.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN said: I call for the yeas and
nays. This bill is for the purpose of renewing
a land grant of over a million acres.
The question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays; and upon a division there were—
ayes 13, noes 98.
So (one fifth not voting in the affirmative)
the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Accordingly (two thirds voting in the affirm-
ative) the bill was passed.
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to submit a prop-
osition to the House to which I think there
will be no objection.
Mr. EARNSWORTH. I move that the
House now take a recess till nine o'clock
a. m.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being,
upon a division—ayes 25, noes 96.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to make a statement
to the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House take a recess till half past eight o'clock
a. m.
The motion was not agreed to.
indians in central superintendence".
Mr. BURDETT submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 1391) en-
titled "An act repealing an act for the relief of cer-
tain Indians in the central superintendeney,"
approved June 10,1872, having met, after full and
free conference, have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That tho Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the House of Representatives,
and agree to the same.
JOHN P. C. SHANKS,
THOMAS BOLES,
S. S. BURDETT,
Managers on the part of the House.
F. T. FRELINGIIUYSEN,
JAMBS HARLAN.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
miami indians.
Mr. SHANKS submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on House bill No. 1535, to
abolish the tribal relations of the Miami Indians,
and for other purposes, having had the same under
consideration, and after full and free conference,
agree to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the Senate amendment, and agree to the same with
the following amendment: after theword "natural-
ization," at the end of the fourth section, insert:
"And provided further. That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby directed to ascertain what amount,
if any, is due the Miami tribe of Indians referred to
in the corrected^ lists under the treaty of 1854, on
account of certain annuities which were distributed
to and among those persons of Miami blood and
descent who were included under the act of 1858, and
by virtue of the same were authorized to and did re-
ceive their proportion respectively in said annuities,
and to_ cause that amount to be deducted out of the
consolidated fund as herein provided for and paid to
said Miami Indians referred to in said corrected
lists, and by virtue of the said treaty of 1854."
Also, at the end of the bill add the following;
Sec. 7. That the provisions of this act shall not in
any way affect the rights or olaims of those individ-
uals, Miami, and persons of Miami blood or descent,
who were named in the corrected lists referred to in
the Senate amendment to the fourth artiole of the
treaty of June 5,1854, or their descendants.
Also, amend the fifth section of the said Senate
amendment so as to read as follows, namely:
And the proceeds of the sales of the said unallot-
ted lands, including school sections, and all moneys,
securities, annuities, and affects held by the United
States for the said Miami Indians in Kansas, after
making the foregoing deductions for citizen Indians
and their minor children, shall belong to and be the
exclusive property of the last-named Indians, to be
known as their consolidation fund.
JOHN P. 0. SHANKS,
JOHN A. SMITH,
Managers on the part of the House.
JAMBS HARLAN,
S. 0. POMEROY,
Managers on thepart of the Senate.
impeachment of judge delahay.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
present a privileged report with reference to
the impeachment proceedings in the case of
Judge Delahay, of Kansas.
The report was read. It states that the
committee appointed by the House of Repre-
sentatives to impeach Mark W. Delahay, dis-
trict judge of the United States for the district
of Kansas, at the bar of the Senate of the
United States, have, in obedience to the order
of the House, been to the Senate, and in the
name of the House of Representatives, and of
all the people of the United States, have im-
peached Mark W. Delahay, district judge of
the United States for the district of Kansas,
of high crimes and misdemeanors, and have
acquainted the Senate that the House of Rep-
resentatives will in due time exhibit particular
articles of impeachment against him and make
good the same, and further that the committee
have demanded that the Senate take order for
the appearance of Mark W. Delahay to answer
to the impeachment.
impeachment 03? judge c. t. sherman.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I present
also a report in the ease of Judge Sherman.
The report was read. It states that the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was re-
ferred testimony taken in relation to Charles
T. Sherman, judge of the United States dis-
trict court for the northern district of Ohio,
having considered the same, beg leave to re-
port that the testimony referred came to the
committee in printed form the last day but one
of the session ; that there has been no time m
which the accused by himself and his counsel
could be heard which has become the estab-
lished practice of the Judiciary Committee of
the House in cases of impeachment. The tes-
timony being of the most serious character,
the committee deem it due to the accused that
he should have time for a hearing by evidence
or argument; and as no further action is pos-
sible at this stage of the session, the com-
mittee report back the testimony to be placed
on file for the consideration of the next House
of Representatives, and ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same.
Mr. POTTER. I offer the following sub-
stitute for the resolution reported by the com-
mittee:
Whereas it appears by the letters of Charles T.
Sherman, a judge of the district court, of tho United
States for the northern district of Ohio, th.it ho
proposed to corruptly control legislation for money,
to be paid to hiin by the btock Exchange of New
York, and subsequently insisted on such payment
on the ground of such control, and threatened
adverse legislation if the same was not paid; and
whereas it further appears by the testimony of said
Sherman before the Committee of Ways and Means
of this House that his said pretenses of power to
control legislation and his said assertions of services
he had rendered in this respect were false: There-
fore,
Resolved,, That a committee of three members of
this House be appointed by the Speaker to go to tho
Senate and at the bar thereof, in tho namo of the
House of Representatives and of all the people of
the United States, to impeach Charles T. Sherman,
judge of the district court of tho United States for
the northern district of Ohio, of high misdemeanors
in office, and acquaint the Senate that the Houso of
Representatives will in due time exhibit particular
articles oi'impeachment against him and make ^imd
the same; and that said committee do demand that
the Senate take further order lor the appearance
of the said Charles T. Sherman to answer to said
impeaohment.
