1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
resentatives, prepared to submit to this slavery?
If you are, and do submit, the day will come
when this same people will rise in their majesty
and power and break up this oligarchy and
grind tiie ring to powder, and administer the
Government upon first principles. They will
till the post offices by election, after the i
amendment of the Constitution is adopted as
proposed by General Cobukn some two years
ago.
The President in his message tells us that
tlve rules are ineffective, and that thus far they
have not proved a remedy. After spending
thousands of dollars to devise a new "prac-
tice" of taking the offices out of the hands
of the people, then it is a flat failure 1 This
commission spent months in framing rules and
in getting op an illustrious "report," and they
proved an abortion ; and then they were sus-
pended until they tried their hands again on an
amendment, and now, behold ! the President
tells us that they are still ineffective.
Let the members of this Congress rise np in
the might of their power and crush this insidi-
ous monster. Let this Congress boldly pro-
claim to the world the humbug of "civil ser-
vice reform '' and it will receive the blessing
and the plaudits of this generation, and of pos-
terity in all coming time. To crown the grand
Republican victory of the last campaign, let
this Congress put on the cap-stone by wiping
out the last vestige of " Liberalism," to wit,
the " civil service " swindle.
Mr. NI BLACK. Beforethe gentleman con-
cludes his remarks I desire to ask him ODe ques-
tion if he will permit me to do so.
Mr. SNAPP. Yes, I will do so.
Mr. NIBLACK. Iam curious to know of
the gentlemau, in view of the remarks he has
made, whether that resolution of the Philadel-
phia convention referring to civil service re-
form was intended to be carried out, and if
not, what purpose it was intended to perform.
Mr. SNAPP. I should not wonder but it
was.
Mr. NIBLACK. If the civil service reform
was first originated by traitors of the Repub-
lican party and conceived in a rebel spirit, and
tirst recommended to the President by rebels
when he first brought it to the attention of
Congress, I ask the gentleman if it does not
show great weakness or sign of decay on the
part of the Republican party to indorse a
resolution of that kind?
Mr. SNAPP. I should not wonder if they
intended something by it at Philadelphia, but
I denounce it.
Mr. NIBLACK. Then does not the logic
of the gentleman's position require that we
should extend the same rule to the appoint-
ment of officers of the Army and Navy?
Mr. SNAPP. Yes; and extend it to mem-
bers of Congress and let this board put in
members of Congress here.
Mr. NIBLACK. Does not the same rule
apply to those appointments?
Mr. SNAPP. I tell you frankly that I do
not know what this Philadelphia platform
intended. You know, I reckon, my dear sir,
that this Philadelphia platform was put forth
long after this thing was hatched by the Lib-
eral party.
Mr. NIBLACK. One other question.
Mr. SNAPP. I am not quite through; let
us have fair play. [Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. Very well.
Mr. SNAPP. I will teil you another thing.
I have been trying to-day to appeal to the
courage of Republican members of Congress.
1 admit that you may properly herald it to the
country that the Republican party accepted
what is known as civil service reform.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman said he
would yield to me, and I hope he will not be
impatient.
Mr. SNAPP. Oh, sir, I will sit down if
the gentleman wishes it.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman says that
the report of the civil service commission first
brought to our attention in official form was
conceived by traitors.
Mr. SNAPP. Yes, I said so.
Mr. NIBLACK. I would ask the gentleman
if it was notihe President of the United States
who communicated that document to us iu a
special message, and recommended legislation
to carry out its recommendation ?
Mr. SNAPP. Yes; you will find that in his
message.
Mr. NIBLACK. Does not his indorsement
carry with it some authority ?
Mr. SNAPP. Yes; but the President says
expressly that the rules for civil service reform
are ineffective.
Mr. NIBLACK. I refer V) a special mes-
sage communicating the rules to us, aud asking
special legislation to carry them out.
Mr. SNAPP. When was that ?
Mr. NIBLACK. It was a message saying
that so far as the present Administration was
concerned it would carry out those rules, but
asking legislation to secure their future enforce-
ment.
Mr. SNAPP. What then?
Mr. NIBLACK. Does not the gentleman's
criticism apply to the policy of the President ?
Mr. SNAPP. I do not care whether it does
or does not.
Mr. NIBLACK. One other question : has
the gentleman ever known of a Democrat
being appointed to office under these rules?
i Mr. SNAPP. I hope not. [Laughter.]
! Mr. NIBLACK. Does the gentleman
seriously fear that under this Administration,
or the Administration that will come into
power on the 4th of March, any Democrat
will be appointed to office under these rules?
Mr. SNAPP. No, sir; because I believe
Congress will abolish the evil thing. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. Then this side of the
House has very little interest in the matter
one way or the other, in a party point of view,
and I submit that the gentleman has been
attacking an Administration measure which
affects alone his side of the House, and not
ours.
Mr. SNAPP, Let me reply to the gentleman.
Mr. NIBLACK. Certainly, because I want
a full discussion of this matter; I am in favor
of a free fight on this question.
Mr. SNAPP. You ask me if I thought
any Democrat would be appointed to office
under the incoming Administration.
Mr. NIBLACK. If there is much danger
of any such thing; if any such thing is likely
to take place.
Mr. SN APP. Under these rules they might
be appointed to office.
Mr. NIBLACK. If they should be strictly
enforced ?
Mr. SNAPP. Yes.
Mr. NIBLACK. Does the gentleman be-
lieve they will be strictly enforced?
Mr. SNAPP. How can I tell what the future
will bring forth ?
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask the gentleman, who
is a member of the Republican party 
Mr. SNAPP. Are you asking me what
General Grant will do ?
Mr. NIBLACK. Yes.
Mr. SNAPP. Well, I^ill tell you what I
think ha will do. He will " fight it out on
that line." [Laughter.] What better illus-
tration do you want than his course with the
Pennsylvania delegation? He will appoint
you or any other Democrat who may be found
competent under this competitive examination
system, unless these rules are repealed by
Congress.
Mr. NIBLACK. Does not that competi-
tive examination always bring in Republicans?
Mr. SNAPP. That is so, because so many
of the Democrats cannot read. [Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. Therefore, in a party
point of view, the geutleman's remarks have
no application.
Mr. SNAPP. Those rules may produce one
benefit; they may lead the Democrats to go
to school. [Laughtei.]
Mr. NIBLACK. The point I want to illus-
trate is this : I want to call the attention of the
gentleman to the fact that the President is
said to have admitted in a recent conversation
that if the effect of this civil service reform
was to lead to the appointment to office of
Democrats or others unfriendly to the Admin-
istration, it would be unjust and wrong iu his
opinion; but he expressed the belief that there
was no danger of anything of that sort.
Mr. SNAPP. That is a comfort. [Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. If so, then the gentleman's
fears are uncalled for.
Mr. SNAPP. I hope it is bo.
Mr. NIBLACK. While many of the gen-
| tleman's criticisms are well taken upon this
j particular plan of civil service reform, I think
I much of what he has said is merely a waste of
I ammunition against a man of straw.
Mr. SNAPP. I hope to God it is a waste of
ammunition, and that no Democrat will get into
office under this Administration. [Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I am very much obliged
j to the gentleman for his courtesy. I was satis-
! fied that he would answer my questions fairly
! and frankly.
j Mr. SNAPP. If I have not done so, put
them again and I will do the best I can.
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not think I will detain
j the House longer.
j Mr. SNAPP. I assure you, my friend, with-
l out saying a word against the character of
Democrats, I am opposed to their getting into
! office. [Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I inferred that from the
remarks of the gentleman.
Mr. SNAPP. That is so.
Mr. NIBLACK. I want to assure my friend
that there is nobody on this side who expects
to get any political friend of his appointed to
office under this Administration, either under
the civil service rules or any other rules.
Mr. SNAPP. You heard my speech?
Mr. NIBLACK. The most of it.
Mr. SNAPP. I said the object of those
rules was to fill offices with rebels, Demo-
crats, and Republicans alike, did I not?
Mr. NIBLACK. I believe you said so.
Mr. SNAPP. And I do not take it back.
I have such a high respect for the character of
General Grant as a man that I have no more
doubt than I have that I stand here that he
told the truth to the Pennsylvania delegation
when he said he would carry out these civil
service rules to the very letter. He will do so,
unless this Congress has the courage and man-
hood to repeal them.
I tell Congress the people are not ia favor
of these civil service rules. Everywhere they
denounce them as a humbug and an imposi-
tion. I know the spirit of those rules, and I
know where they were hatched. They were
hatched for the purpose of breaking up the
great Republican party, which coula not be
aone in any other way. Now, sir, the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Nibi,ack,] and all
other Democrats, have the right to get into
office if they can ; but so far as I am concerned
Iam determined they never shall. [Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I can make no answer to
the gentleman's last point, and therefore I will
not detain the House further. [Laughter.]
improvements of the district.
Mr. CHIPMAN. Mr. Speaker, there is now
pending before the House a bill of great im-
portance to the people I represent, making an
appropriation of $1,241,920 92 "to pay the
expenditures made by the Board of Public
Works of the Distriot of Columbia for paving
roadways, curbing and paving sidewalks, grad-
ing, sewerage, and other improvements upon
and adjoining the propertyof the United States
in the District of Columbia " I avail myself
of the courtesy of the House to-day in order
that I may state at more length the facts which
I regard as important to be considered in con-
