2124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3;
gave his own explanation before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I must
now resume the floor.
Mr. W. E. ROBERTS. I hope those letters
of Judge Sherman will be read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If any
possible explanation can be given, Judge
Sherman has a right to give it, as the testi-
mony consists in his own letters. How does
the gentleman know that he was not insane
when he wrote those letters ? There may be
explanations.
• Mr. POTTER. His own friends have not
even suggested that. There is no such pretense
in the case.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. He did
not have a chance to suggest anything on the
subject. I yield now to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say in the first place to the House that I do
not believe there has ever been a case of
impeachment reported to the House of Rep-
resentatives where the committee charged
with the matter had not itself taken testimony,
whether record evidence or the testimony of
witnesses sworn and examined.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I insist on those
letters being read.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have the floor. I de-
sire, Mr. Speaker, to obtain the ear of the
House while I call its attention to a single
point. There is no case in our history where
any committee ever dared to report articles of
impeachment against any man without first
taking testimony in the matter.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I must interrupt
this proceeding for the purpose of getting
through a large bill in order that it may be
enrolled. I submit the report, which I send
to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 4051) making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1873, and for other purposes, hav-
ing met, after full and free conference, have agreed
to recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from its amendments num-
bered C, 7, 21, and 34.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 1,2,3,4,
5, 8, 9,10. 11.12 to 20. 22, 23, 24, 26, 26 to 33, 35, 36, 37.
38, and 39.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the seventeenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows :
On page 22, line eleven of the bill, after the word
" purchase/' insert the following:
For this amount to he paid to the Osage Indians,
being interest at five per cent, per annum, in
accordance with section twelve of the act approved
July 15, 1870, upon the net avails of Osage trust
and diminished reserved lands sold by the United
States prior to November 1, 1872, $105,720 71; and
that the Senate agree to the same.
JAMBS A. GARFIELD,
AARON A. SARGENT,
VM. E. NIBLACK.
Managers on the part of the House.
CORNELIUS COLE,
JAMES HARLAN,
WM. T. HAMILTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move the
previous question on the report.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the report of the committee
was adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the report of the com-
mittee was adopted ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
payment to japan.
Mr. BANKS. I submit a report from a
committee of conference.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
yotes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2797)
entitled "An act providing for the payment to the
Government of Japan the sum due on account of
rents for lands and buildings occupied by the diplo-
matic and consular representatives of the United
States, having met, and after free and full confer-
ence, have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses as follows :
1. That the House concur in the first amendment.
2. That the House concur in the second amend-
ment, with an amendment striking out the word
"by" and adding to the amendment the following
words: "jail and court-house by."
3. That the House agree to the third amend-
ment.
4. That the House agree to the fourth amend-
ment; and
5. That the House agree to the amendment to
the title by striking out the words "from the
indemnity fund." „ „ „ .
N. P. BANKS,
S. S. COX,
LEONARD MYERS,
Managers on the part, of the Souse.
C. SCHURZ,
H. HAMLIN,
WM. M. STEWART,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BANKS. I move the previous question
on the report.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the report was adopted.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
judge charles t. sherman.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. "Wheeler
in the chair.) The regular order of business is
the report of the Committee on the Judiciary
in relation to Judge Charles T. Sherman, of
Ohio.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I ask that the letter
of Judge Sherman be now read.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man has not the floor for that purpose. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
t.he House now take a recess until nine o' clock
a. m.
The motion or a recess was not agreed to.
Mr. BIN GHAM. I desire now to say fur-
ther to the House that there never was any
witness whatever examined before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary in this case.
Mr. POTTER. That is true ; the only
testimony is that of Judge Sherman and his
own letters.
Mr. BINGHAM. Whoever before heard of
any committee reporting a resolution of im-
peachment against anybody without having
examined a witness ?
Mr. POTTER. The man's own confes-
sions 
Mr. BINGHAM. Just be patient a little.
I desire to say further that the party accused
never stood as an accused person at all, until
this matter was referred,to the Committee on
the Judiciary. I desire to say further to the
House that by his counsel he notified the com-
mittee in writing that he desired to be heard
by witnesses ; and he notified them further that
he never did have an opportunity to know
what was testified against him. I desire to
read two very short paragraphs from the letter
addressed to the committee by the counsel of
the accused:
"Hedocs not know what other evidence was taken
by that committee, for he was not only not present
when any other witness testified, but he had no op-
portunity to cross-examine such witness or to ex-
plain any paper which may have been introduced,
were any such introduced."
And he added these words, of which the com-
mittee were informed:
"I do desire to show by cotemporaneous written
evidence and by verbal and sworn evidence of un-
impeachable witnesses, thatevery word Judge Sher-
man wrote in his New York correspondence was con-
sistent with thefacthehasstated, namely, that he had
nothing, personal to do with the Legislature or with
tho action of tho executive department, or with
any member of Congress, or with any public officer
of the Government, and that he expressly said so in
writing to his New York correspondent before he
submitted tho matter to his legal friends for their
action."
Now, if the House has only heard what I
have just read it ought to bring a blush of
shame to the cheek of any man who under-
takes to accuse this man upon his letter.
What is it that he desires to prove to the
committee ? First, that his letters are capable
of explanation so as to show that he had
"nothing personal to do with the legislation
or with the action of the executive depart-
ment, or with any member of Congress, or
with any public officer of the Government,
and that he expressly said so in writing to his
New York correspondent." Now, if he proves
that there is nothing left to those letters.
Mr. POTTER. I would like 
Mr. BINGHAM. Wait till I finish, if you
please. The point that is made upon these
letters unexplained is that he attempted to
obtain money by false pretenses. This sworn
evidence before the Committee of Ways and
Means is that he never attempted to influence
the legislation of Congress, or the action of
any executive officer. But the point main-
tained here unexplained is that he attempted
to obtain money by false pretenses. Now, if
the last line of his letter which I have quoted
be true, if it can be proved as stated in that
letter that his New York correspondent knew
from him that he made no pretensions of the
kind, then there is a suppression of the truth
there somewhere.
Now, sir, if the lines I have read from this
letter be true, no impeachment will ever pre-
vail on the ground of this man's attempting to
obtain money from Lockwood by false pre-
tenses. Why is this fact suppressed? The
Committee on the Judiciary had no opportun-
ity to inquire. They have therefore reported
that this is a grave and important matter.
They do not acquit the Judge. They had no
right to pronounce judgment against him, be-
cause they did not hear him. They had no
time to make the inquiry. They therefore
propose to remand the whole subject to the
consideration of the next House.
Thanking my friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] for the time he has given me, I
have nothing further to say about this matter.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield five minutes to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Maynard,] after whose remarks
I will call for the vote.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. When will you
permit the reading of the letters of Judge
Sherman ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Why read the letters
when here is a petition for an opportunity to
explain those letters?
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Let the House
judge of the matter.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, this, to my
mind, is an unseemly demonstration. We are
now calling in question here the conduct of
one of the officers of this Government; and
why there should be this heat on the one side
or the other passes my comprehension. The
Committee of Ways and Means were inquiring
into a matter before them when it appeared,
in the course of the evidence by a letter
which was introduced, that this judge had
claimed a fee of $10,000 for procuring certain
legislation at the last Congress. He in some
way became informed of this testimony, and
made application to be heard ; but before he
could be heard he made a piesentation of his
case in the public prints of this city. Subse-
quently he came before the committee and
was examined under oath. His evidence con-
sisted in part of a very carefully and elabo-
rately prepared statement m writing which he
read.
He was then questioned as to matters in
connection not only with that letter but with
divers other letters which he had written in
connection with the services claimed to have
been rendered in procuring the legislation
