liu
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
seven and a half per cent on banks might
mislead the people. I repeat to my friend from
Connecticut, the only tax imposed by the
Government of the United States upon banks
in any form is, first, the tax of one per cent,
©a their circulation, and, next, the tax of one
half of one per cent, on deposits; and that
applies to all bankers as well as national
banks, and the two cents on bank checks
The residue is made up of local taxes.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I should be very
Sorry to make any statement which would
eoovey an erroneous impression. I am per-
fectly aware that the statement I made as to
the amount of tax included State taxes as
well as national taxes.
. Mr; SHERMAN. I thought the statement
relied on by the Senator might create the im-
pression that we levied a tax of seven per
cent, on the banks.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I may not have pre-
sented the matter as clearly as I should have
done, but that is the entire taxation; but what
I wanted to show was that whatever it cost to
sustain a bank, including the dividends and
expenses of the bank, must all come out of
the business interests of the country; and I
would ask the Senate and the committee to
see whether there is not some way by which
that burden can be removed or lightened.
The memorial was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
national banks of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying a
modification of the taxes on national banking
institutions or their entire abrogation; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of Adam
Billow, publisher of the Crestline Advocate,
of the city of Crestline, Crawford county, Ohio,
remonstrating against the passage of the bill
before Congress regulating the postage on
printed matter; whicli was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented four petitions of citizens
of Ohio, late soldiers of the United States
Army, praying the passage of the soldiers'
bounty land bill, known as theHolman amend-
ment ; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. ALCO RN presented the petition of Mrs.
Clementine J. Lake, administratrix of the estate
of William Lake, deceased, and of Emma
Lake and Ida Lake, minor children of William
and C. J. Lake, of Grenada, Mississippi, pray-
ing compensation for property destroyed by
the United States forces during the late rebel-
lion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
Joseph H. Maddox, of Maryland, praying com-
pensation for property taken by the Govern-
ment of the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Michigan, in favor of setting
apart a portion of the island of Mackinac, in
that State, for the purpose of a national park;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the memorial of Frank
C. Culley,. publisher of the Eaton Rapids
Journal, of Eaton Rapids, Eaton county,
Michigan, and the memorial of S. Tallmadge
Conway, publisher ot the True Northerner, of
Van Buren, Michigan, remonstrating against
the passage of the bill before Congress regu-
lating the postage on printed matter ; which
were referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
KEPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of William
H. Vesey, praying to be refunded money lost
on account of the failure of certain bankers in
Paris, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 1549) for the relief of William H.
V eaoy,
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee oil Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1209) for the relief Donald McKay, reported it
without amendment; and submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1260) for the
relief of Miles Greenwood, reported it with-
out amendment; and submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1475) for the
relief of Daniel Mosher, jr., reported it with-
out amendment; and submitted a report,
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States, of June 1, 1872,
returning to the Senate without his approval
the act (S. No. 105) for the relief of J. Milton
Best, have considered the same, and instructed
me to report it back, recommending the pass-
age of the bill, the objections of the President
of the United States to the contrary notwith-
standing. I submit a report in the case, and
move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I give notice that when the
report shall have been printed, and Senators
shall have had time to examine it, I will call
up the bill. I am directed by the same com-
mittee, to whom was referred the message of
the President of the United States, of June 7,
1872, returning the bill (S. No. 569) entitled
"An act for the relief of Thomas B. Wallace,
of Lexington, in the State of Missouri," with
his objections, to report that they have con-
sidered that subject, and they deem the prin-
ciple involved in this bill to be precisely the
same as that involved in the Best bill; and
they have directed me to make the same report.
_Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on the Library, to whom was referred
a resolution as to the practicability of legisla-
tion to facilitate international copyright, sub
mitted a report, concluding with a statement
that in the opinion of the committee such
legislation was inexpedient.
The report was ordered to be printed, and
the committee was discharged from the further
consideration of the subject.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 688) to secure to
authors in certain cases the benefit of inter-
national copyright, reported adversely thereon;
and the bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 315)
for the relief of John M. Lamb, of the State
of New York, submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed,
and the bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. ALCORN, fijom the Committee on
Mines and Mining, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 1337) to aid in the construction
of the Sutro tunnel from the proceeds of the
sale of mineral lands, reported it with amend-
ments ; and submitted a report thereon, which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
3512) for the relief of John Paine, reported it
without amendment; and submitted a report
thereon, which was ordered to be printed.
.Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom was referred a petition of the authorities
of Chicago, reported a bill (S. No. 1550) pro-
viding for the exchange of the old custom-
house and post office site and buildings in
Chicago for other lands in that city; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (S. No. 363) to pro-
vide for a building suitable for post office, for
the accommodation of the revenue officers and
the United States courts and their officers, in
the city of Parkersburg, West Virginia, re-
ported it with an amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1251) authorizing the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Arkansas river at
Van Buren, Arkansas, reported it without
amendment.
He a,lso, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1499) to authorize
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company to con -
struct and maintain a bridge across the St.
Louis river, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was rereferred the bill (H. R. No.
2039) for the relief of Joseph Westcott, of
Portland, Maine, have directed me to report it
back and recommend its passage. The com-
mittee at one time reported against this case,
but it was afterward recommitted \/ith addi-
tional testimony, and on this additional testi-
mony the committee reverse their finding on
the former hearing and now recommend the
passage of the bill.
Mr. MACHEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
L. D. Evans, late collector fourth district of
Texas, praying relief for losses sustained by
him while holding said office, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
WOODEN BUILDINGS ON JUDICIARY SQUARE
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3476)
to provide for the removal of the wooden
buildings on Judiciary square, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment, and
I ask to have it acted on now.
The bill was, by unanimous consent, con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct the engineer in charge of
public buildings and grounds to cause the
wooden buildings situated on Judiciary square,
Washington city, to be sold and removed there-
from, and to pay to the Women's Christian
Association of Washington city the proceeds
of such sale; but the Governor of the District
of Columbia is to find and provide for the
association suitable buildings for at least one
year after their removal from the square.
Mr. COLE. That would involve the de-
struction of the building that is being erected
for use on the 4th of March next, I appre
hend.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. My impres-
sion is that there is no difficulty about the in-
terpretation of this bill. It refers to the old
buildings that are at present occupied by the
Women's Christian Association. It is well
enough to make the suggestion of the Senator
from California, but I take it the understand
ing is that the new building which is in process
of erection is not a building now completed
and standing on Judiciary square and occupied
by the Women's Christian Association, so that
it will not be disturbed.
Mr. COLE. If that be the understanding
on the part of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds contrary to what appears
on the face of the law, we shall have to pay
deference to it, I suppose; but it is rather an
unusual thing. I think the bill ought to be
postponed. I do not think it will do any
harm to permit the buildings that are now
used for charitable purposes on that ground
to remain a month or two longer or even a
year longer, and I see that the bill provides,
too, that a building for the charitable uses to
which these buildings are now appropriated
shall be provided for the same parties that
now occupy these buildings, for the next year.
I do not know why they may not as well occupy
these buildings, which were formerly used for
a military hospital, another year, and save
