200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
neetion with this bill than I would be able to
present them under the rule which usually
prevails in Committee of the Whole.
It is not my purpose at this time to present
anything like a complete history of the District
government since its formation upon the pres-
ent plan. 80 l'ar as the purposes of this bill
are concerned, the important facts have been
presented in an elaborate and exhaustive re-
port of the Board of Public Works, made to
the President, and which I understand has
been placed, or will be placed, in the hands
of members of the House. This report pre-
sents a complete showing of the operations of
the board from its organization until Novem-
ber 1, 1872, and literally turns the records of
that board inside out to the gaze of the world.
I commend it to the perusal of members aa
presenting more elaborately and more ably the
claims which the national capital has upon
Congress for aid in carrying on the work of
improvement here than I shall be able to do.
My purpose is rather to analyze and present
in a compact form the facts presented by this
report, together with some others which are of
record, and which may be important in the
consideration of this bill.
The temptation is very strong to enlarge
somewhat upon the relations which should be
sustained between the Government and its
national capital. The history of the country
will show that in late years there has been a
great departure from the original theory upon
which the capital was established. As late as
1835 a report was made by Senator Southard
in the Senate of the United States presenting
with great ability the true relations which
should exist between the capital and the Gov-
ernment. I am constrained to call the House
back to the views then entertained by quoting
a brief paragraph from that report. Senator
Southard says:
" It could not have entered into the contemplation
of uny one at the date of the contract"—
That is the deed of conveyance by the pro-
prietors of the land to the Government—
"nor can it now be regarded as either reasonable or
just that the city should bear the expense of streets,
the property and control of which was so absolutely
u the Government, and more than one half of the
land adjicent to which belonged to it, and must be
increased in value by their improvement. The com-
mittee are of opinion that the Government was bound
!>y every principle of equal rights and justice to pay
1 portion of the expense incurred upon this subject
rqiml to the amount of the property which it held, and
which was to be increased in value and benefited by
it, and this would have been greatly more than one
halt' if the streets are its property and to be regarded
<13 altogether under its control. It is not easy to
perceive why it should call upon or permit others to
keep that property in order; and if the streets are
to be regarded as for the joint convenience of the
Government and the inhabitants, the expense of
maintaining them should be joint and in proportion
to their respective interests."
No one can deny that this is but a just and
fair view of this question. Similar views have
been spasmodically entertained and expressed
by members of Congress and committees since
1 iiat time ; but the latest expression upon this
K ihject by a committee of Congress I beg to
< all to the attention of the House. It will be
found in report No. 72, made by the Commit-
ti e for the District of Columbia at the last ses-
moii of this Congress, and is as follows :
"The original plan of the city, with its wide
FtreeU and avenues, and the numerous squares
'lut'ing upon them, reserved to the United States
I i be kept open forever for the public use, or to such
i'-es only as the United States shall appropriate
I,icm, demonstrate the propriety and the original
i.itention of the General Government bearing a pro-
, irtion of the cost of improving and keeping tbem
in repair. This plan was adopted because it was to
I the capital of the Republic, and that it might be
: '.equate to the growing interests of the great peo-
rwho, with prophetic vision, the Father of his
' jtintry saw, and seemed to comprehend, would be
' Ti.iblished here. This single suggestion, together
\ >,'h the fact that the United States has reserved to
i'-df. and still holds, so large a portion of the real
t -tate of the District, shows beyond the necessity of
ni^uinent the manifest injustice of devolving the
wnole expense of such improvements upon the citi-
S'-n*, or upon those who may happen to own some
o' the lots of Washington."
11 will be observed, Mr. Speaker, that these
broad and statesmanlike views go further than
is proposed by this bill. They contemplate
the payment by the Governmentof a proportion
of the cost of the improvements at the capital
which the value of the property held by the
Government bears to the value of the property
held by the citizens. This bill proposes, how-
ever, simply that the Government shall pay
its proportion of the cost of the improvements
made immediately adjoining its own property,
leaving the cost for improvements elsewhere
throughout the capital to fall wholly upon the
citizens. But I will not be drawn into a dis-
cussion of the general question. Let me leave
it for others, and come at once to a brief state-
ment of such facts as I think the House would
gladly possess.
DEBT OF THIS DISTRICT AND LIABILITIES OP THB
BOARD.
I infer, Mr. Speaker, from the action of the
House a few days since in referring a resolu-
tion to the Committee for the District of
Columbia making certain inquiries, that some
information in response to that resolution
would be desirable in this connection. It
directed, first, a report to be made upon the
present debt of the District; second, the liabil-
ities incurred by the Board of Public Works
thereof; and third, the sum required to finish
the work undertaken by the board. Let me
answer these questions in their order :
First. The House will remember that the
Committee for the District at the last session
of Congress spent the greater part of the ses-
, sion in an investigation into the affairs of the
I District. The question of the District debt was
j made an important subject of inquiry. The re-
port of the committee, to which I have already
alluded, presented the indebtedness then exist-
ing. That report included the unissued bonds
authorized by the Legislative Assembly of
the District, and also tne debt of the old cor-
porations, making a total of $9,231,927 37.
This total has been somewhat changed since
that time, and in order to ascertain the amount,
the committee obtained information from the
comptroller of the District, which is found in
papers now on file before the committee, and
from which I suppose I may properly quote.
The comptroller reports the present debt
at $8,476,122 65 ; he excludes from his state-
ment market-house bonds not issued, $172,-
000, and outstanding claims on account of con-
tracts entered into by the old corporation,
which the Legislative Assembly by act of
June 20, 1872, directed to be settled by the
commissioners of the sinking fund of the Dis-
trict, amounting to $550,000. Adding this to
the debt stated by the comptroller, we have
the present debt of the District $9,198,122 65,
which shows a diminution* of the dent since
last winter of $33,174 72.
Second. As to the amonnt of liabilities in-
curred by the Board of Public Works, I will
first call attention to the printed report of the
board, pages 1 to 8 inclusive, of the appendix.
It will there appear that the receipts of the
board from all sources amount to $5,052,260 89.
From the same report, pages 9 to 65 inclusive,
of the appendix, I find the expenditure
$5,052,260 89. These pages give in detail
the sources of the receipts and the persons to
whom and the purposes for which expend-
itures were made. In the same report, pages 1
to 86, appended to the appendix, the House
will find a list of the contracts entered into up
to the time of the report, made and'extended
under the direction of the chief engineer, from
October 1, 1871, to October 31,1872, showing
the cost of the work contracted for to be
$6,387,933 15. These cover the liabilities of
the board to that date. In addition to these
are certain other liabilities not under contract,
found on page 18 of the printed report. They
amount to $698,279 72, making the total
$7,086,212 87. Deducting the disbursements
of the board, as I have already shown,, to wit,
$6,052,260 89, we have the total liabilities
npon Contracts outstanding and completed
$2,083,951 98. Since October 81, 1872,
certain other liabilities have been incurred,
which have been stated to the Committee foi
the District of Columbia, in response to the
House resolution, amounting to $367,024 45,
making total liabilities of the board to Decem-
ber 6, 1872, $2,400,976 43. 1 here call atten-
tion to page 18 of the report, giving a state-
ment of assets and liabilities, from which it will
appear that the total resources of the board
are $7,248,465 12, while their liabilities are
$7,086,212 87, giving balance in favor of
board, $162,252 25. Butif we consider, as we
must, the subsequent liabilities incurred, to
which I have already called attention, to wit,
$367,024 45, it will leave a balance against the
board of $88,427 57.
If the amount asked for in the bill before
the House be considered as an asset, it will
leave the resources of the board $1,037,148 72,
which will be ample to complete the work
undertaken by the board. This answers the
third inquiry of the resolution which I am
now considering as to the Sum necessary to
complete the improvements. Right here,
Mr. Speaker, I have to answer the criticisms
made by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Roosevelt] Borne days since when offering his
resolution of inquiry in relation to two items
in the assets shown on page 18 of the report.
The gentleman stated to the House that the
board in claiming $4,000,000 as an asset from
the loan authorized by the Legislature, mis-
stated the amount in the sum of $240,000,
which was the amount of discount on the bonds
in negotiating their sale.
The board treats the whole amount as an
asset, because the Legislature appropriated
$4,000,000 and authorized the negotiation of
bonds to raise that amount. As the bonds did
not bring their par value, the remaining $240,-
000 are yet to be collected by taxation, and
the board very properly treat it as an asset.
The gentleman also criticised the item of assets
stated as "assessments on account of contingent
expenses" ($100,000) as unauthorized. The
answer is that the board, acting under author-
ity of law, in computing the cost of any given
improvement charged to the general fund of
the District their proportion of contingent
expenses, such as expenses of engineers and
superintendents of the work ; and they also
eharge against the property its proportion of
these expenses, to wit, one third, and that
makes the sum stated in this list of assets.
Their right to do this has recently been made
the subject of judicial inquiry, and the high-
est court of the District has, I understand,
decided it to be legal.
This, Mr. Speaker, I believe to be an accu-
rate statement of the present condition of the
District finances, as well as the present con-
dition of the finances of the Board of Public
Works.
DELATIONS OF THB BOARD TO THB DISTRICT.
Let me here remind members of the pre-
cise relation which this Board of Public
Works sustains to the District government, as
1 think there is some confusion upon this
point. By the organic act organizing the
District government, the Board of Public
Works is composed of officers nominated by
the President and confirmed by the Senate.
They are paid by the United States, and the
act requires of them the discharge of such
duties as the United States, as well as the Legis-
lative Assembly of the District, shall impose
upon them. They are not officer^ of the Dis-
trict government, but are clearly officere of
the United States. They report to the Presi-
dent and are under the absolute control of
Congress. Their accounts have no connection
with the District government and are not to be
considered as the accounts of officers of the Dis-
trict government. The debt of the District and
the liabilities of the board are as distinct as the
debt of the District and the liabilities of the
engineer of public buildings and groundSf
Congress by the organic act imposed upon
