1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2125
referred to. This examination was before the
Committee of Ways^ and Means. That com-
mittee not having jurisdiction, as they con-
ceived, to report articles of impeachment,
thought it incumbent upon them to present the
testimony to the House and have it referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary to be acted
on. I am not aware that any further state-
ment was desired to be made by Judge Sher-
man, or any intimation given that anything
else was to be said. The facts upon which the
Committee of Ways and Means acted appeared
in the letters of Judge Sherman and in his tes-
timony, both that submitted in writing and
that given orally upon interrogatories in the
presence of the committee. I see not how any
further testimony could have varied or modified
this portion of the evidence.
Mr. PETERS. The gentleman will allow
me to say that the resolution referring this
subject to the Committee on the Judiciary
instructed them merely to inquire whether
further investigation should be had. That is
the whole purport of the resolution—whether
upon this testimony further investigation should
be had. This, it strikes me, has a great deal
to do with the conclusions of the committee.
Mr. POTTER. The resolution instructed
the committee also to inquire whether upon
that testimony of Judge Sherman we were
satisfied to propose articles of impeachment.
Mr. PETERS. There is no such thing in
the resolution.
Mr. POTTER. Look at it and see.
Mr. PETERS. Look at it for yourself. I
deny it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am speaking of the
facts, and as to these I think I am not mis-
taken. I will ask to have read, in a part of
my five minutes, at least one of those letters,
if any gentlemen has a copy of it.
Mr. POTTER. I have the letters here. I
send them to the Clerk.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that the letter of
March 7, 1872, be read.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Let all be read.
"Why suppress any of them?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard]
will not suffice for the reading,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. As soon
as the letters are read I shall ask for a vote.
Mr. KERR. I hope that before a vote is
taken I shall be allowed to say a few words.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Those
letters have been printed, and are probably
known to all the members of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The letters
will now be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Judge's Room, United States Court,
Northern District of Ohio,
Cleveland, March 27,1872.
Dear Sir: I wrote you yesterday on my return
from an absence of some time, in too feeble terms,
of my feelings as regards the death of your father.
Yet as the mortal moves on, so, though we never
shall forget him, yet business must be attended to.
Last summer, at the instance of your father, I at-
tempted to get such a construction placed upon the
internal revenue laws as would relieve the bankers
and brokers from the payment of a heavy tax,
There was partial success, but such a boasting, or
rather publicity given to it, that the attention of
the Secretary of the Treasury was called to it, and
he forbid the order to be issued. There was then no
remedy but in Congress. I so suggested to your
father. He then wrote mo the inclosed letter.
Upon the authority and in consideration of what
was said in it, I went to work; had interviews with
Mr.Boutwell, with John Sherman, chairman of the
Senate Finance Committee, with General Garfield,
and other prominent financial members of Congress,
and the result was that it became the policy of .the
Administration to repeal not only the tax in question,
but the stamp and other obnoxious taxes, i think
this result was brought about by discussions raised
and influences used by me. The taxes are not yet
repealed, but they are certain to be so within the next
sixty days. If your father was living there would
be no necessity of asking about it, but as the agree-
ment was made through him, I fear there may arise
a misunderstanding, and therefore ask you to inquire
into it nnd ascertain whether the committee of the
Stock E^chan^e still recognize the contract. If they
do it is all ritfuu and I will still continue my labors.
Let mo hear from you at your earliest convenience.
preserve the letter?
Another thing. Please inauire what is the sell-
ing value of the stock of the Pacific Central rail-
road of California, and let me know.
Yours, truly, C. T. SHERMAN.
Le Grand Lockwood, jr.
Mr. POTTER. I ask now that the letters
on pages 80 and 31 be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Judge's Rooms, United States Court,
Northern District op Ohio,
Cleveland, June 10,1872.
Le Grand Lockwood, esq.
Congress adjourns to-day with the tax bill con-
taining the provisions so long contended for a law.
The thirty-seventh section provides that the words
"capital employed" in the old law " shall not in-
clude money borrowed or received from day to day
in the usual course of business from any person not
a partner or interested," &c. This covers the cases,
and exempts the bankers and brokers from the odious
tax.
It was at my instance this proviso was inserted in
the bill by the Senate Finance Committco after the
bill passed the House without any such provision.
I caused it to be fought through the conference com-
mittee and retained in the bill, and is now the law.
I am now entitled to my compensation from the com-
mittee by the contract made through father. They
will no doubt recognize it and settle it with you.
Let me hear from you when you see them.
Yours, truly, C. T. SHERMAN.
Judge's Rooms, United States Court,
Northern District of Ohio,
Cleveland, January 20,1873.
Dear Sir: I have about come to the conclusion
that you have been unsuccessful in bringing those
parties to terms in regard to my compensation for
services last winter at Washington. If such is your
conclusion please advise me.
I go to Washington in a week or ten days, and
the result of your efforts may bear upon my action
while there upon the interests of those gentlemen*
Let me hear from you on the subject at your earliest
convenience.
The proposed action of the Government in rela-
tion to the stockholders of the Credit Mobilier, of
whom your father was one, may result in a claim
upon the estate. I, however, think it will not. But
be firm, and say and do nothing. I will ascertain
what is claimed, and what is proposed to be done,
and will advise you at the proper time.
Very truly, &c.,
C. T. SHERMAN.
Le Grand Lockwood, esq.
Judge's Room, United States Court,
Northern District ov Ohto,
Cleveland, November 8,1872,
Dear Sir: Yours of the 6th instant is received,
with thanks for your labors iu my behalf.
Had not the inclosed letter better be laid before
the board with your and my letter ?
Yours, truly, C. T. SHERMAN.
Judge's Room, United States Court,
Northern District op Ohio,
Cleveland, June 25,1872.
Dear Sir: Yours of the 21st is received. I did
not expect that you would obtain the money at once.
There are always delays in such matters. The ae-
knowledgment of the services and of th e contract is
what I especially desired, and that is satisfactory.
All that I do desire is that the money be paid in a
reasonable time. Please pay some attention to it,
as you have heretofore so kindly done, and when the
money is paid and credited to me on the books of
your house advise mo.
Remember me kindly to your mother and Mrs. L.
Very truly, yours, C. T. SHERMAN.
Le Grand Lockwood, esci.
Mr. SPEEE. Mr. Speaker, whether or not
this judge should be impeached it is for the
House to determine. I rose to express my
regret at a remark which fell from my friend
from New York, [Mr. Potter,] and that was
after the letters were read, if the House did
not impeach him the responsibility would rest
with the Republican and not the Democratic
side of the House. To that I object. The
impeachment of a judge in my mind is a ques-
tion rising far above politics. I wish to say, so
far as I am concerned, I do not wish to be
understood as making this a party question or
as voting for the impeachment of this judge
because he happens to be a Republican.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
demand the previous question.
Mr. POTTER. I have not spoken in any
sense as on a party question. The Repub-
licans have the control of this House, and
after the examination which has taken place,
if they do not impeach Judge Sherman for high
crimes and misdemeanors the responsibility
find is tliera,
Mr. KERR. I hope the previous question
will not be seconded.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
93, noes 50.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. SHELDON. I move to lay the whole
subject on the table.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Before putting the
quostion, I hope the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerr] will be allowed to be heard.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
yield to the gentleman from Indiana for five
minutes.
The House refused to lay the subject on the
table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Wheeler
in the chair.) The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] asks that the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject of the im-
peachment of Judge Sherman. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Potter] moves a
substitute for that resolution ordering the im-
peachment to take place.
Mr. POTTER. I ask that my substitute be
again read.
The substitute was again read.
Mr. SPEER. This being a resolution re-
ported from the Committee on the Judiciary,
is not the gentlemen from Massachusetts
entitled to an hour to close debate ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. He is en-
titled to an hour, and no man on the floor
understands his rights better than the gentle-
man from Massachusetts.
Mr. SPEER. The gentleman has yielded
to the gentleman from Indiana, but the
Speaker does not recognize that fact.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to ask the Chair whether the rule of
an hour being allowed to close debate applies
to the report of a committee asking to be dis-
charged 1
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The rule
applies to any report from a committee. Does
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] desire more time for debate ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
desire to yield five minutes to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] if he desires it. I
will yield no further.
Mr. KERR. I have no special personal de-
sire to talk on this subject. But I have this to
say before going on, if I do talk, in order to
talk pertinently and inteligently upon this sub-
ject, I should have more than five minutes.
A man cannot well speak on a subiect of this
kind and do justice either to it or to himself in
five minutes.
Mr. STEVENSON. How much time does
the gentleman want?
Mr. KERR. About fifteen minutes.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman
will be allowed that time.
Mr. KERR. I know it is late; but if the
subject is fit to be disposed of at all, it is fit to
be disposed of properly. It does not become us
to shuffle off or brush aside without due con-
sideration an important duty of this kind. I
have no harsh words to say here, above all I
have no partisan feeling or purpose, because
I wish to meet this question in a judicial spirit
rather than in any other. It brings before us
a duty which can never be pleasant, because
the subject-matter of it touches closely the
honor of our country and the integrity and
purity of & most important department of our
public service.
I have had 110 pleasure in my connection
with this matter; none whatever. I listened
with the utmost care to the testimony of this
man, occupying as he does an exalted position
under our Government, in which his conduct
ought to be without spot or blemish. It filled
me with absolute pain ; I had no pleasure or
satisfaction in it, because it was to a surpassing
extent self-condemnatory and hyijiiljatipg, it
