1166
THE] CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
shall not cost the Government more than
$400,000.
The Senator from Vermont says that there
was a public building erected at Nashville and
one at Knoxville, Tennessee, and he asks now
whether you will go forward and make an ap-
propriation for the construction of another
building in Tennessee. Why, sir, Nashville
is an inland city ; Knoxville is an inland city ;
Memphis is cosmopolitan in its character. It
reaches out for its commerce for one hundred
andstwenty-five miles each way. It stretches
across Arkansas and across Mississippi,- and
across to Alabama, and it draws in a trade
that amounts to the sum I have stated.
Why, sir, in the little State of Maine there
are a dozen public buildings erected by the
Government of the United States, and in many
of the States of this Union there are more than
that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. 1 trust my hon-
orable friend will not go for Maine in his pur-
suit of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. ALCOEN. I will state to the hon-
orable Senator that I do not intend to draw
any invidious distinction here in regard to
States, but I merely go for the truth and argue
that it is the necessities of the place, and not
the number of people that a place may have,
that addresses itself to the judgment of the
Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
means Vermont, and not Maine.
Mr. ALCORN. Well, sir, at Bath, Maine,
there is a public building that cost the Govern-
ment $10,000; at Bangor one that cost the
Government $216,000; at Belfast one that
cost the Government $39,000; at Castine
there is one that cost $13,000; at Machias
there is one that cost $22,000, and the duties
received at that place last year were but$l,507
annually, and at the last session of Congress
there was appropriated the sum of $3,766 for
fencing and furniture of the building at Ma-
chias. At Portland there is a building that
cost $530,000; at Waldoboro' there is one
that cost $25,000; at Wiscassett there is one
that cost $75,000 ; and so I might go on with
Maine and show that she has received certainly
the care of the Government in the construction
of public buildings in that State.
At the last session of Congress an appropri-
ation was made for the purpose of furnishing
and for making a new roof and providing ad-
ditional accommodations in the Government
building at that splendid watering place New-
port, a building already existing there that
cost the Government sixteen thousand two
hundred and sixty-odd dollars. The duties
collected there last year were $887. There
was at the last session of Congress passed a
bill appropriating $11,241 for the purpose of
elevating that building, in order to demon-
strate perhaps the strength of jack-screws,
and putting a new roof on the building in
order to show the beauty and harmony of the
Mansard roof.
I do not object to this. I am in favor of
having the public buildings represent the
character of the Government; and if there is
a necessity for these buildings, I stand here
ready to support measures for their construc-
tion, be they located where they may. But,
sir, exclusive of the appropriation made at the
last session of Congress it would take eighteen
years without interest to return the money that
the public building at Newport cost.
Now, passing over the numerous appropria-
tions that have been made in that locality, let
us go for a moment to Cairo. At Cairo the
public building erected by the United States
has cost the Government $271,042. The duties
received at that place amount to the sum of
$1,575. It will take one hundred and seventy-
two years for the revenues received at Cairo
to reimburse the Government for its outlays
in a public building, exclusive of the interest
accrued on the outlays already made at that
place.
I might go on to enumerate other places,
such as Kingston, Rhode Island, for example,
where there is a public -building that cost
$32,896; and the duties received there last
year were $1,791. It would take eighteen
and a half years to return to the Government
from the revenues received at that place the
amount expended for the public building.
Now, at Memphis, as I have said, the sum
that is asked in toto for a public building,
$400,000, will be returned from the revenues
furnished by Memphis to the Government of
the United States in less than three years.
Let us look at appropriations made at the
last session of Congress for public buildings.
Cincinnati received an apropriation of $1,000; -
000. It has a population of 216,239. At this
ratio Memphis would receive $186,000 now.
Charleston, South Carolina, received $150,-
000 at the last session of Congress. She has a
population of 29,298, and at this ratio Mem-
phis should have now $216,000 appropriated.
1 am now speaking of population, not trade.
Fall River, Massachusetts, received last year
$100,000. It has a population of 26,766. At
this rate Memphis should receive now $150,-
000. Port Huron, Michigan, received last
year $100,000 ; 5,973 constitute her popula-
tion, and at this rate of appropriation Mem-
phis would be entitled to receive $640,000.
But I speak, sir, of Memphis, whose popula-
tion amounts to 40,226, a city that sits upon
the banks of our great inland sea, whose com-
merce extends one hundred and twenty-five
miles into Arkansas, into Tennessee, into
Mississippi, into Alabama, and all below, with
all this trade to contribute to the wealth and
growth of the place. Memphis has no public
buildings. The Governmentto-day pays nearly
$19,000 of rent at that place for its public
offices. There is a city paying a revenue to
the Government of $160,000 a year, without a
single building belonging to the Government,
though there is a site purchased there twenty
years ago, on which no building has been
erected. I ask Senators to look at this, ana
say whether Memphis is not entitled, consider-
ing her population, considering her trade, to
the public building that we ask shall be con-
structed there.
The honorable Senator from Vermont says
that we have had no survey and report of the
cost of erecting this building at Memphis.
From the figures and statements he presents,
it seems that surveys and reports are of very
little value. We do better than this. We
come here with our commerce, with our trade,
with our revenue, with our statement of popu-
lation, all showing the importance of this
place ; and we submit it to the Senate, and ask
them to consider them, and answer whether
we are not entitled to the appropriation which
we ask at their hands.
The committee of conference have recom-
mended this, and they have done so unan-
imously, except the honorable Senator from
Vermont, whose opposition we sought to ac-
commodate, and we modified the bill in every
form that we could to make it acceptable to
that honorable Senator. We knew very well
his strength here; we knew his influence here;
and we were ready to pay regard to his judg-
ment on this subject, for it is entitled to the
respect we do pay it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Mississippi will please suspend. The
morning hour has expired, and the unfinished
business of yesterday is before the Senate, on
which the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Ed-
munds] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator from
Mississippi will be permitted to finish his
remarks in the usual way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont allows the unfinished business
to be passed over, if there is no objection,
until the Senator from Mississippi concludes
his remarks. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. ALCORN. I thank the honorable Sen-
ator. I was almost through with the remarks I
intended to make. The conference committee
have reported upon certain facts the necessity
of the construction of a public building at Mem-
phis. I repeat to the Senate we show that the
revenues collected by the Government at that
place amount to over $160,000 annually ; we
show that the Government now pays nearly
$19,000 ayear rent for accommodations there ;
that the public records are there exposed,
contained in old frame houses, and liable to
be burned up and destroyed at any time; that
the public offices are located in different por-
tions of the city, at the greatest inconvenience
to the public officers and to the public duty
at that place. Surely no proposition could be
presented with stronger force than this appeal
to Congress to make the appropriation requi-
site for the construction of a public building
at Memphis.
I hope, sir, the report of the committee of
conference will be concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the conferenee report.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is fur-
ther debate the Alabama claims bill is before
the Senate. The Senator from Vermont
allowed it to be passed over only to permit
the Senator from Mississippi to conclude his
r6ni£tr]^s
Mr. STOCKTON. I simply desire to claim
the floor, in case this question is continued
before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How long will the Sen-
ator from New Jersey desire to speak?
Mr. STOCKTON. I shall take in the
neighborhood of five minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will give way to him,
and then I shall ask the Senate to go on with
the bill regularly before us.
bills introduced.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to introduce a
bill, and I suggest that the morning business,
which has been interrupted by this conference
report, shall now be received.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will receive routine morn-
ing business.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1554) to authorize the irrevocable
deposit of money in the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States for charitable and other purposes ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1552) for the relief of Bigler, Young. & Co.;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1553) to establish a certain post road in the
State of Indiana; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1555) granting the right of way to
the Salt Lake and Echo Railroad Company ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
iienry m. scott.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1551) to amend an act entitled "An act
granting a pension to Captain Henry M.
Scott," approved April 9, 1872.
Mr. PRATT. I do not wish to have tiie
bill referred to any committee, but put on its
passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The b.ll will be
read for information.
