1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HOT
The bill was read. It proposes to amend
the act of April 9, 1872, by substituting "sev-
entieth" for "seventeenth," so that the con-
cluding clause of that act shall read, "Henry
M. Scott, late captain of company M seventieth
regiment Indiana volunteers."
Mr. PRATT. I will simply state to the
Senate that I have before me the act passed
on the 9th of April, 1872. A mistake was
made, either in enrolling or printing the bill,
by which the number of the regiment was
wrongly described. It was described as sev-
enteenth, when it should have been described
as tbe seventieth regiment of Indiana volun-
teers.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read
three times, and passed.
printing op reports.
Mr. AMES. Yesterday a resolution was
passed on my motion authorizing the printing
of five hundred copies of Senate report of
committee, No. 343, for the use of the Com-
mittee on Finance. A mistake was made in
putting down the number of the report. The
number of the report which I wish to have
printed is 317, as to the valuation of the sov-
ereign, and I should like to have the correc-
tion made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That correction
will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. WRIGHT. This morning, it will be
remembered, the chairman of the Committee
on Claims made a report upon the claim of J.
Milton Best. It involves a question of very
considerable importance, one in which the
committee itself feels no special interest, but
it is one of such magnitude that others will
justly deem it important. After conference
with the members of the committee, I am
authorized to offer a resolution that a thousand
extra copies of that report shall be printed,
and I ask its reference to the Committee on
Printing.
The resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. ANTHONY subsequently reported back
the resolution from the Committee on Print-
ing ; and it was considered and agreed to, as
follows:
Resolved, That one thousand extra copies of the
report of the Committee on Claims this day presented
in the case of J. Milton Best be printed for the use
of the Senate.
additional petitions and memorials.
Mr. CARPENTER presented a petition of
the Historical Society of Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that an appropriation be made for the
purchase of certain original and important
documents relating to the early French dis-
coveries on the lakes and the Mississippi,
never yet published; which was referred to
the Committee on the Library.
He also presented a petition of Johnson &
Jones. A. P. Blanchard, John Nazro & Co.,
and other business men of Milwaukee, Wis-
consin, praying a repeal of the bankrupt law;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HARLAN presented the memorial of
Pauline D. Jones, widow of Evan Jones, pray-
ing for an allowance of pay due her husband
as chaplain, and for other services rendered
in recruiting Indian troops; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of R. P.
Childs, publisher of the Journal and Star, of
Brooklyn, Poweshiek county, Iowa, remon-
strating against the passage of the bill before
Congress regulating the postage on printed
matter; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Iowa, late soldiers of the Army of the United
States, praying for the passage of the bounty
land bill, known as the Holman amendment,
being an act to enable honorably discharged
soldiers and sailors, their widows and orphan
children, to acquire homesteads on the public
lands of the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. TIPTON presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Nebraska, asking early action
on the proposition of the Otoe and Missouri
Indians to sell their lands ; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
post office appropriation bill.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had passed a bill (II.
R. No. 3498) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department for the
year ending June 30, 1874 ; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
The bill was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
john h. pkndkry.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask unanimous consent
to pass a little-bill of three lines, providing
for the payment of $500 to John H. Pendery,
surviving partner of Pendery & Gamble, at-
torneys. The committee have reported it
unanimously, and they say that the Secretary
of the Interior and the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs also recommend it and regard it
to be just.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The only difficulty I
have is that I have been kindly applied to by
several Senators to do exactly that same thing,
and I should deal uniformly with all. If this
were the only case I should not make the least
objection; but every gentleman always has
one bill which, under such circumstances, he
wishes to pass, which will take all the time.
I think I must yield to my friend from New
Jersey only at this time.
additional reports of committees.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1385) to establish a United States land
office at the crossing of the Northern Pacific
railroad, on the upper Missouri river, in the
Territory of Dakota, have directed me to re-
port it back adversely, and to move that a
letter from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office on the subject be printed.
Tbe motion was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1422) for the pro-
tection of settlers on the public lands of the
United States, reported adversely thereon, and
moved that certain papers relating to the sub-
ject be printed ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3470) to amend
an act entitled "An act granting the right of
way to the Walla-Walla and Columbia River
Railroad Company, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3, 1869, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. " I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 3793) to provide for
the revision of the treaties with the Indian
tribes, to report it back with amendments, and
I ask for its present consideration. It is a very
small matter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before the bill is,read, I
object to its consideration, so that I shall not
be considered as objecting on the merits.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 3628) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to sell the cus-
tom-house property at Plymouth, North Caro-
lina, reported it without amendment.
pacific railroad companies.
Mr. CASSERLY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, instructed to transmit to the Sen-
ate, from the annual reports of the Union Pacific
and the Central Pacific Railroad Companies, or from
any other papers in his Department, a statement of
the netearmngs of those companies respectively lor
the years 1870 and 1871, which statement shall show
the receipts for the transportation of freight and
passengers, specifying the sums paid or allowed to
each of the companies by the United States; and
also the running expenses of each road for the
same years.
public building at memphis.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Alabama
claims bill is before the Senate as the unfin-
ished business; but the Senator from Vermont
has yielded to the Senator from New Jersey,
who desires to speak on the conference report
upon the bill in regard to a public building at
Memphis, Tennessee.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, if the
Senator from Vermont desires, I am willing to
let this matter go over, and take my five minutes
some other time. I think I have no right to
claim the floor under the circumstances, except
by his consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I yielded upon the idea
that only a short time would be occupied in
this discussion, to let the matter be disposed
of. If the Senator wishes to consider the sub-
ject at large, then I should be obliged to insist
on going on with the bill regularly before us.
Mr. STOCKTON. I only desire five minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Go ahead.
Mr. STOCKTON. I felt it my duty simply
to state the view that I have taken in reference
to the appropriations which are being made
for public buildings. If Senators would in-
form themselves as to the principle on which
those appropriations are made, and would con-
sider the necessity for the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds having some rule,
some line which shall define the limits beyond
which their discretion cannot be exercised, I
think we should not have so much feeling
exhibited by gentlemen who think that their
localities or their States have been neglected.
In the first place, let me say to my friend,
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Alcorn,]
who urged the principles that he laid down
with so much earnestness and with so much
apparent justice that he must have produced
some effect upon the Senators who sat around
him, that if the views he stated to the Senate
to-day are correct, and if you wish the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds to
act upon them, $80,000,000 annually will not
meet the appropriations necessary; and for
the truth of that statement I appeal to every
member of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
We are told that Memphis is a growing
place, of which the committee are well aware,
for the gentlemen urging this bill have been
before tbe committee, and they have not failed
to tell us who are unfortunate enough never
to have been to Memphis how vast its trade is
and how greatly it is progressing; and when
they told us that they could have given us no
news that was more pleasant to us; but when
they told us that they did not satisfy us that
we must put up a public building there.
Public buildings, according to the view of
this committee, are not to be put in a place
simply because it is a thriving and growing
place. Public buildings are not put up simply
because thereby good will be done to the city
where they are erected. Public buildings are
not constructed in a place simply because the
Government officers will be thereby better off,
and can do their business cheaper. If that
was the rule, $30,000,000 a year would not
put up the buildings that the committee would
recommend to this body.
Then the Senator from Mississippi turns to
the Senator from Maine and he reads about
appropriations made years ago in some of the
New England States and in other places,
which seem to be, without any explanation, in
excess of appropriations which have been
made in other States Mr. President, it would
be foreign to my purpose to defend appropria-
tions which I know nothing about, which were
made generations ago ; but so far as my knowl-
edge goes, no sectional question, no question
but those controlled by the lines which I shall
mention to the Senate has ever come before
