1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2127
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Our re-
port recommends further inquiry.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is what we do.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
what we recommend. I say here this matter
ought to be inquired into, and I say.further,
that if I am in the next House it will be
among the earliest things which I will do, to
inquire into it. And after we have heard
him, there will be no doubt about my action.
I now call for a vote.
Mr. POTTER. There is no certainty that
the ease will ever be heard of again.
The question was then taken upon agreeing
to the substitute moved by Mr. Potter, and it
was not agreed to; upon a division—ayes thirty-
two, noes not counted.
The resolution reported from the Committee
on the Judiciary was then adopted.
john w. pettit.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper of the House of
Representatives is hereby authorized and directed
to keep the name of John W. Pettit on the rolls of
the folding-room until otherwise ordered by the
House.
sureties of james l. collins.
Mr. VOORHEES, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, by unanimous consent, reported
a bill (H. R. No. 4069) for the relief of the
sureties of James L. Collins, late receiver of
public moneys at Santa F6, New Mexico;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed, and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that Hamil-
ton 6. Pant and others, sureties of James
L. Collins, deceased, upon his official bond,
as receiver of public money and as designated
depositary for the United States at Santa F6,
New Mexico, and their heirs or legal repre-
sentatives, be released and discharged from
all liability on that bond, and from the judg-
ment recovered thereon in favor of the United
States.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and
general d. 0. buell.
Mr. COBURN. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, who were charged with the duty
of investigating concerning the loss of the
records of the military trial of General D. C.
Buell, have instructed me to report the testi-
mony of General Badeau and others, and to
move that it be printed, and laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
public building at jersey city.
Mr. HALSEY. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds a bill (H. R. No. 4071)
to provide for the erection of a public build-
ing for a post office and other offices of the
United States at Jersey City, New Jersey.
The bill was read. It authorizes and di-
rects the Secretary of the Treasury to pur-
chase a site suitable for a post office and other
United States offices in Jersey City, New
Jersey, such as will be sufficient for the ac-
commodation of the post office at Hudson
City, Bergen City, and Evansville when con-
solidated with Jersey City ; and for this pur-
pose $100,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, is appropriated. The Secretary of
the Treasury is to cause proper _ plans and
estimates to be made for the erection of such
a building on the site selected as he may judge
necessary, so that no expenditure exceeding
$300,000 shall be made for the full comple-
tion of the building, including the cost of the
site. None of the money appropriated is
to be used or applied until a valid title to the
land for the site shall have been vested in
the United States, nor until the State of New
Jersey shall cede its jurisdiction over the
same, and shall also release and relinquish to
the United States the right to tax or m any
way assess the site or the property of the United
States thereon during the time the United
States shall remain the owner thereof.
There being no objection, the bill was re-
ceived, read three times, and passed.
frauds against indians.
Mr. SHANKS. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, charged with the investigation of frauds
against Indians, have directed me to submit a
report, with accompanying testimony, and to
a;-k the adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That the report of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, made to the House under the reso-
iuuon of January 8, 1872, and Junel, 1872, to inves-
tigute Irauds against Indians, and the testimony
taken by said committee, be printed and laid on the
table.
There being no objection, the resolution was
adopted.
PUBLIC building at north providence.
Mr. EAMES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 4073) for the con-
struction of a public building in North Provi-
dence, in the State of Rhode Island ; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. EAMES. I ask unanimous consent that
this bill be put on its passage now.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and di-
rects the Secretary of the Treasury to purchase
at private sale or by condemnation, in pursu-
ance of statutes of the State of Rhode Island,
a lot of ground in North Providence, in said
State, suitable for a site for a public building
for the accommodation of the post office and
other offices of the United States, and to erect
a building thereon at a cost not exceeding, in-
cluding the cost of the site, the sumof $75,000.
The plans of the building are to be approved
by the Secretary of the Treasury and Post-
master General. No money appropriated for
this purpose is to be used or expended until a
valid title to the lands used as a site for the
building shall be vested in the United States,
and until the State of Rhode Island shall cede
its jurisdiction over the sites and shall also
release and relinquish to the United States the
right to tax or in any way assess the site of
said property of the United States thereon
during the time the United States shall be the
owner thereof.
Mr. PETERS. Would it,be in order to in-
clude Veazie, in thecountyofPenobscot.Maine?
Mr. EAMES. I do not yield to any amend-
ments.
Two thirds not voting in favor thereof, the
bill was not taken up.
Mr. EAMES. I ask unanimous consent to
address the House on this subject.
Mr. WADDELL. I object.
new executive mansion.
Mr. HALSEY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, submitted a report
concluding with the following resolution, on
which he asked action at this time.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury, the
Secretary of the Interior, the Postmaster General,
Hon. Justin S. Mokhill, chairman of the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds of the Senate,
and Hon. Erastus Wells, member of the House
of Representatives, be authorized and directed to
inquiro into the question of a suitable site on whioh
to erect a residence for the President of the United
States, and to report to the next Congress their rec-
ommendations on that subject, and also as to plans,
estimated cost, and whether the facts require the
erection of such residence.
Mr. SARGENT. Is that a joint resolution?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HALSEY. I move to suspend the rules
and pass the resolution.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 60,
noes 45.
So (two-thirds not having voted in favor
thereoQ the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. EAMES. I move to take a recess.
enrolled bills.
Mr. BUCKLEY, fromthe Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles i when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No 200) granting condemned
cannon for a statue of Major General Philip
Kearney, United States volunteer Army;
An act (H. R. No. 203) in relation to the
old bridge at Rock Island;
An act (S. No. 104) for the relief of Joseph
Lanman;
An act (S. No. 784) confirming the title of
Louis Grignon to a certain tract of land at
Green Bay, Wisconsin ;
An act (S. No. 893) for the protection of
owners of saw-mills on the Mississippi river;
An act (S. No. 1267) extending the time for
the completion of the Portage Lake and Lake
Superior ship-canal;
An act (S. No. 1291) granting a pension to
Martha E. Orich, Mary J. Orich, and John
J. Orich, minor children of John C. Orich,
deceased;
An act (S. No. 1380) granting a pension to
Eliza J. Humphrey, widow of James R. Hum-
phrey ; and
An act (S. No. 688) granting a pension to
Ann E. Bogle, widow of Commander Junius
J. Bogle.
Mr. SARGENT moved to take a recess until
ten o'clock to-morrow.
Mr.HOLMAN. Imovetoamendbymaking
it nine o'clock.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 40,
nays 53.
So Mr. Holman's motion was rejected.
Mr. SARGENT. I will compromise, and
move to make it half past nine o clock.
The motion was agreed to.
And then (at ten minutes to three a, m.,
March 4,) the House took a recess until half
past nine o'clock a. m.
MORNING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at nine
o'clock and thirty minutes a. m., (March 4.)
missouri land titles.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (H. R. No. 3771) to confirm certain
land titles in the State of Missouri, returned
from the Senate with amendments.
The amendments were read, as follows :
Amend on page 1, line nineteen, and strike out
"grant of" and insert "United States hereby re-
lease whatever title they have to."
Page 1, line twenty-six, after "the," insert "heirs
or assigns of said Moses Austin according to their
respective interests therein."
Page 1, lines twenty-six and twenty-seven, strifes
out said Moses Austin or his representatives."
Page 2, strike out the second section.
Mr. UPSON. I move concurrence in the
amendments of the Senate.
The amendments were concurred in.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had agreed to the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 1025) to quiet the title to the lands of the
settlers on lands belonging to the West Wis-
consin Railway Company.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1585)
to abolish the tribal relations of the Miami
Indians, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
bills of the House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 2703) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to furnish a duplicate certificate
of discharge where the same has been lost;
A bill (H. R. No. 3864) for the relief of the
heirsat-law and next of kin of James B.
Armstrong, deceased ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3516) for the relief of
Jesse E. Peyton; and
