1168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds of the Senate since I have been a
member of it.
When I came into the United States Senate
I came from a practice of many years at the
New Jersey bar, and I had heard the judges
of the district court of the United States in
my own State for years and years complaining
that there was no place for a grand jury room,
no place to hold a court, and I had been in-
formed that the United States Government
were paying to the State of New Jersey a
large amount of money tor the rent of parts
of its State-house for the accommodation of
the court, but the business of the local courts
had so grown that the accommpdation could
n.ot be longer afforded; the judge had to walk
out of the court-room and stop the business of
the court to let the grand jury sit in that room,
the State receiving a large amount of money
for the rent of rooms which it could not pos-
sibly furnish. So it lay for years, and years,
and years. After a great effort, after two or
three years, I succeeded, with the help of
other gentlemen, in getting an appropriation
for the capital of one of the old thirteen
States; and that was the only money, with
the trifling exception of a little custom-house
at Newark that has gone ta pieces, which has
ever been spent in the State of New Jersey up
to this time by the United States Government
for public buildings, while the largest district
of internal revenue in the United States is the
district including Newark, New Jersey. Now,
gentlemen coming from sparsely populated
States, from new States, say "You have given
us a public building at Knoxville, you have
given us a public building at Nashville, you
have given,$250,000, to one and $150,000 to
another j but we have got a port growing up
here; _ you have not furnished accommoda-
tions for our courts," which is the main object
of these buildings. Originally the United
States sent their judiciary there, and when
they could not rent a building or get proper
accommodations they must purchase or erect
a building. Post offices in small towns where
you can rent a proper building are not proper
subjects for erecting buildings by the United
States, and we have never undertaken to do it.
The first point in my judgment that this
committee has been guided by has been as
far as practicable, step after step, not going
too fast, not making such large appropriations
as to drive the people of the United States
and. the Congress against the whole system, to
put up public buildings first at the capital of
each State to accommodate the United States
courts, and then as far as possible to see that
State after State is provided for. It would
neither be wise nor sensible to draw State
lines merely. It would not be wise to make
the same appropriation to put up a public
building in the capital of Kansas as to put
up a building in the city of New York, or
the city ?f Philadelphia, or in the capital of
the State of New Jersey, or the capital of the
State of Pennsylvania. Where a capital has
been recently located, and lias only a few hun-
dred or a few thousand people, it is wiser to
wait until you see whether the capital is per-
manently located before you go to work to
expend large amounts of money, and if you
expend a small amount of money the building
may be useless if the capital enlarges and
grows.
Therefore the committee have attempted,
as far as practicable, first to provide a public
bunding that will meet the wants of the courts
of the United States and at the same time
accommodate the custom-house, post office
and other public offices in the capitals of the
various States. I think they are wise in ad
vancing in that direction, always keeping in
mind the necessity that the United States Gov-
ernment has. Gentlemen speak as if this was
a boon to the people of a State. They say
they have never had this; the necessity exists,
and gentlemen come before the committee
from southern States and western States and
other States and urge that it would cause a
good feeling among their people if you would
put up a public building there. Mr. Presi-
dent, there is no man in the Senate who would
do more to make a good feeling than 1; but I
cannot vote to spend the public money to put
up court-houses or other public buildings in
places where they are not needed. I am not
now referring to Memphis.
Mr. ALCORN. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him a moment ?
Mr. STOCKTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. ALCORN. In New Jersey, at Newark,
there is public building that cost $182,496;
and yet the revenues there annually are $2,579.
It would take seventy and seventy hundredths
years to return that money back to the Gov-
ernment of the United States without interest.
Mr. STOCKTON. Does the Senator speak
of the internal revenue of that district?
Mr. ALCORN. These are the whole re-
ceipts of the Government at that place, includ-
ing everything that comes to the Government.
That is the whole revenue collected by the Gov-
ernment of the United States there. I merely
want to say to the Senate that in Memphis the
public building we ask is not for the benefit
cf Memphis. We state distinctly that the rev-
enues at Memphis derived there by the public
will pay the cost of this building for which we
ask, ยง400,000, in less than three years.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi, in the first place, made allusion to
the fact that there had been one hundred
or two hundred thousand dollars spent for a
custom-house in Newark, and he stated how
long it would take to pay for that building by
the revenue received there. I think he has
made a great mistake. With one trifling ex-
ception, all that has ever been voted for pub-
lic buildings in New Jersey that I know of
was the appropriation that I assisted to pro-
cure myself for the erection of a building at
Trenton. The exception that I refer to was
made many years ago when, by a most unfor-
tunate circumstance, the Government put up
what was called a custom house in Newark.
The revenue received from the custom-house
there, I suppose, not having looked into the
matter, is, as the Senator says, about $2,000.
That must have been the customs revenue in
Newark. The Passaic river, which is a very
crooked one, and for many miles is hardly
navigable, runs up to Newark, and I believe
that city is a port of eutry legally, but it can
hardly be called a port of entry really. There
was no necessity for a custom house there;
but I presume the internal revenue receipts
there from beer alone in one year would pay
for that building. I should be obliged to my
colleague, who comes from Newark and knows
a great deal more about this matter than I do,
if he would state what the receipts of that
district are from internal revenue.
Mr. ALCORN. I hope the Senator does
not understand me as referring to the internal
revenue receipts of that distrrct at all. I am
speaking of the profits to the Government
derived at that place from customs duties by
reason 6f that building, and the amount, accord-
ing to the returns, was $2,579.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. My friend is
entirely mistaken. That building in Newark
is used for three purposes: as a post office, as
a place tor the collection of customs, and for
the various offices connected with the internal
revenue , and the receipts from internal reve-
nue in that district, as has been correctly
stated by my colleague, are larger than those
of any other district in the United States with
one exception.
Mr. ALCORN. I spoke of the customs
receipts there.
. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. But the build-
ing is used extensively, more than half of it, for
purposes of internal revenue.
Mr. STOCKTON. To show what a mis-
taken impression my friend from Mississippi,
without intending it, would have left on the
Senate, allow me to read this Memphis bill as
it was sent to our committee:
That the Secretary cf the Treasury be, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to cause to be
constructed a suitable building, fire-proof, at Mem-
phis, Tennessee, for the accommodation of the cus-
tom-house, post office, United States circuit and dis-
trict courts, pension, and internal revenue officers.
That is the way all these bills read. You
want to provide for all those things in this
building at Memphis. As I tell you, the
building at Newark was put up as a custom-
house, but it turned out, either owing to the
fact that the Government did not clear out the
river as it should have done or some other
cause, that Newark did not become a very
large port of entry. I find from a "book
which has just been placed in my hand that
the aggregate internal revenue receipts in the
Newark district were $1,330,479 91.
Mr. ALCORN. I spoke of the receipts
from customs.
Mr. STOCKTON. I understand that; but
I wish to correct the statement of the gentle-
man. That is one of the largest districts in
the country.
But I was saying, when the Senator inter-
rupted me, that the mere fact that a public
building will take one hundred and seventy-
two years, as he said in one case, to pay the
expense of putting it up, has nothing whatever
to do, in my humble judgment, with the duty
of the United States to construct public build-
ings. If he adopts that rule, and carries it
down to the southern States, where their pop-
ulation is sparse, and makes the calculation
there, I think he will find out that it is not to
the advantage of the southern States. That is
not the principle upon which we have acted in
erecting these buildings. We put up buildings,
and will put them up, in the capitals of your
States where the United States courts need
them. Does the Government derive any in-
come from a building put up for the courts ?
And yet that is the main object of these build-
ings. In fact, except in the large cities, like
New York, Philadelphia, or Chicago, partic-
ularly Atlantic cities, it can hardly be said that
the Govern merit is authorized to go into the
States and put up buildings at the public
expense, unless it be to carry out its system of
jurisprudence, which was established under
the Constitution, aud which, if it means to
carry out, it must make independent of the
States. You need a place for your courts free
from State jurisdiction ; and so you see the
United States courts, courts over which the
State has no power, are provided for in every
one of these bills; and although the Govern-
ment of the United States derives no ineome
whatever from that source, it is their duty to
go to those places and put up buildings for
that purpose.
But I had one simple object in rising; and
that was to say in all kindness to my friend
from Mississippi, and to other gentlemen from
the southern States, as well as the northern
States, that the rule by which we have been
guided is a rule to prevent the United States
from being driven into such appropriations for
public buildings as would eventually overturn
the whole system of the United States going
into the States and putting up buildings. Does
the Senator know that we appropriated over
$6,000,000 last year to erect public buildings?
How much we have appropriated this year I
do not know : but we are advancing with very
rapid strides.
Now, what did the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds do? This bill appro-
priated $200,000 for Memphis. Remember
that Knoxville had had $313,000; that Nash-
ville had had an appropriation of $150,000.
Remember that Tennessee would seem to have
had her share, especially when you consider
that the capitals of many of the southern
States had no public buildings whatever, and
that some of the States never had a dollar
spent in their borders. It would seem, there-
