1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
dills introduced.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 12-38) to extend the time for settlers to
make proof and payment of their lands known
as the Osage lands in the State of Kansas ;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill is of great im-
portance to a portion of my constituents, and
1 shall ask action upon it after it is printed.
I more now that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
oonsent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1259) granting the right of way through
the public lands to the Kansas and Colorado
Railway Company ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1260) for the relief of Miles Green-
wood ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by ananimouB con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1261) granting a pension to Captain Benjamin
Farley, company C, Fifth Indiana cavalry;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER. In accordance with
previous notice, I now ask leave to introduce
a bill to regulate the manner of taking prop-
erty for public use; and as this is an import-
ant subject and this bill will trench upon the
consiitutioual theories and opinions ot certain
Senators, I ask that it be laid on the table and
printed; and after the holidays, before moving
its reference to theComraittee on the Judiciary,
I shall ask the indulgence of the Senate to
submit a few remarks on the general subject.
Leave wag granted to introduce a bill (3.
No. 1262) to regulate the manner of taking
private property for public use; and it was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introdace a bill
(S. No. 1263) granting to the California Central
Narrow Gauge Railroad Company certain
rights upon the lands of the United States at
Benicia, in California; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. AMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1264) for the restoration of George A. Gor-
don as an officer of the United States Army;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanmions
consent obtained^ leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1265) to punish and prevent the unlawful
making, selling, or passing, or having in pos-
session with intent to sell or issue, of any false
coin or token in the resemblance of any coin
of the United States ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
ADMISSIONS TO THE FLOOR.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer a resolution,
being an amendment to the resolution regulating
admissions to the floor of the Senate, so as to
have it read, as follows :
After the words " heads of Departments," add,
" and such of their assistants as are designated by
law or by the President to act in their absence."
As our rule now stands, it is construed so
that assistants of heads of Departments des-
ignated by law or the President to act in their
absence are not allowed admission to the floor
of the Senate. I will not ask for action on
the resolution at this moment. This will admit
the assistants of the heads of Departments
when they are designated either by law or by
the President to act in the absence of the
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desires
to state to the Senate that since the debate of
last session, when he was requested to admin- ;
ister this rule strictly, he has been very much
embarrassed by the application of Assistant
Secretaries. He has to send out to ascertain
whether they are at the time the acting heads
of Departments, or whether they are still
Assistant Secretaries in consequence of the
Secretary himself being present. This is in-
tended to relieve the Chair from the unpleas- i
ant necessity of sending out to ask a gentle- i
man whether he is Assistant Secretary or
whether he is at that time acting Secretary.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the proposed
amendment to the rules be printed and referred
to the Committee on the Revision of the
Rules.
The motion was agreed to.
WORKS AT DULUTH.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by nnanimous
consent, and agreed to;
Reaolped, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to the Senate any information he i
may have in regard to the damage done the Gov- I
eminent works in the harbor of Duluth by the !
storms of the last month) what plans, if any, have
been determined upon for their reconstruction and
repair, and the probable expense therefor.
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION ROUTBSL
Mr. WINDOM. I ask the Senate to teon-
sider at the present time the resolution. I
offered on the 9th in staid t.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota moves to proceed to the con-
sideration of a resolution which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Whereas the productions of our country have
increased much more rapidly than the means of
transportation,and the unprecedented growth of pop-
ulation and products will in the near future demand
additional facilities and cheaper ones te reach tide-
water ; and whereas in his recent message the Pres-
ident of the United States invitqs the attention of
Congress to the fact that it will be called upon at its
present session to consider " various enterprises for
the more certain and cheaper transportation of the
constantly increasing surplus of western and south-
ern products to the Atlantic seaboard," and fur-
ther says: "the subject is one that will force itself
upon the legislative branch of the Government
sooner or later; and I suggest, therefore, that imme-
diate steps be taken to gain all available inform-
ation to insure equable and just legislation." * *
* * "I would therefore suggest either a
committee or a commission to be authorized to con-
sider this whole question, and to report to Congress
at some fnture day for its better guidance in legis-
lating on this important snbj ect:" Therefore,
Revolved, That a committee of five be appointed,
to whom shall be referred that part of the President's
message relating to the transportation routes to the
seaboard.
The motion to take tip the resolution was
agreed to, and the Senate proceeded to its
consideration.
Mr. WINDOM. Imove to strike ont " five"
and insert "seven," as the number of the
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
modify his resolution, as it has not yet been
voted upon. The Senator modifies his resolu-
tion so as to make the number of the commit-
tee ''seven" instead of "five."
Mr. WINDOM. I do not desire to take up
the time of the Senate in discussing this reso-
lution. The object is simply to ascertain what
remedy, if any, there is for the evil mentioned
in the President's message, in order that the
thinking minds of the country who are now
discussing that subject may have a medium
through which they may communicate their
views to the Senate, and that some committee
may have it in -charge whose attention will be
given to the subject. I do not desire to dis-
cuss the resolution. It is plain on its face, I
think. There is no special scheitie or route
intended by it, but it is prompted simply by a
desire on the part of myself and those whom I
have consulted to investigate this question and
ascertain whether something cannot be done
to remove the evils under which the people are
suffering, especially in the inland ana southern
States. I ask the action of the 8enate on the
resolution. I will modify it also, at the sug-
gestion of my friend from Vermont, [Mr. Ed-
munds,] by striking out the word " unprece-
dented" in the preamble.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota modifies the preamble by
striking out the word "unprecedented." If
there be no objection the question will be
taken on the preamble and resolution together.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. This is
an important resolution. I was not disposed
to offer wi objection that would prevent its
consideration, but 1 think it of sufficient im-
portance to call for the yeas and nays on its
adoption.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENSON. As I understand, thia
is a mere resolution of inquiry or in the
nature of inquiry.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is for the ap-
pointment of a select committee to inquire
into a subject referred to in the President's
message.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move to
amend the resolution so as to provide that the
subject be referted to the Committee on Com-
merce to inquire. It seems to me that that
committee has a great deal of information at
the present time which any new committee
that might be fbrmed would not possess, and
that the subject can be just as well inquired
into by that standing committee as by a new
committee created for the purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey moves to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out " a select committee of
seven" and inserting "the Committee on
Commerce."
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the reference
to the Committee on Commerce will not be
made. If we are going to have a commission
or a committee on this subject, let us have all
the questions involved in it considered. The
question which lies at the root of the whole
thing would be the constitutional power of
this Government to make a canal or any
water communication through the States, they
not asking it, from the seaboard to the Ohio.
A great many of ns would desire it, deeming
it important, and would concur in the policy
of it if the constitutional power were vested
in Congress. Therefore, I suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from New Jersey, that if we
let the subject go to a special committee, they
will probably not only report on the constitu-
tional power, but present also information
bearing upon the necessity and propriety of
the proposed measure.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the resolution will
pass without the amendment. I think the
subject is of sufficient gravity to entitle it to
the prominence that a separate committee
will give it. It seems to me that the question
of cheaper transportation between the interior
and the seaboard is a question that must be
met. There have been several reports and
several committees upon kindred questions.
There was a special committee raised, of
which the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Shkrman]
was chairman, to make an effort to relieve
this difficulty of transportation between the
seaboard and the interior. That committee
reported in favor of the chartering by the
General Government of several roads where
they went through several different States.
A very able report was made by the chairman
of that cotnmittee, if I recollect aright, in
which the whole subject was discussed at con-
siderable length, and incidentally the ques-
tion of constitutional power.
But, sir, the subject is crowding itself upon
