206
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
the attention of the country as to how this
great object shall be accomplished, how
cheaper transportation can be secured between
the interior and the seaboard. Something
must be done. There is no doubt about that.
It is important to ascertain just how far Con-
gress should go, just what the powers of Con-
gress are in the matter, and then it is import-
ant to collect information as to what means
it would be best to use.
Now, I am one of those who think railroads
are in their infancy ; that when railroads are
perfected canals will be disused between the
west and the Atlantic. I believe the trans-
portations will be altogether by iron event-
ually. I believe that railroads will reach a point
where they can compete with water transport-
ation. TD^se, however, are questions that
ought to be examined; and if there was a
committee which made this subject prominent
it would receive information all over the coun-
try from men who have investigated ami are
investigating it. There are a great many
thinking minds in the country investigating
this great question, and I think we should give
it sufficient prominence by appointing a com-
mittee that would receive communications
from those who had reflected on the subject,
and in that way Congress, if it takes no action
by way of legislation, may be of use in the way
of disseminating information. I hope the reso-
lution will pass.
Mr. COliBETT. Mr. President, this ques-
tion, as it seems to me, is all important. The
matter has come before the Committee on
Commerce frequently, and they have feltsome-
what embarrassed as to the constitutional
question, and I think it is a subject that should
be examined very thoroughly; and I trust
that a special committee may be appointed
who wiM examine the constitutional question,
and thoroughly consider this whole matter of
internal commerce and transportation. As
has been said, there has been a growing evil
resulting from the enormous charges on trans-
portation from the interior, which our farmers
complain of. This causes low prices at home
for the products of the interior, and the pro-
ducers scarcely get anything for what they
raise. It does seem that it will be necessary
for us to take some action upon this great sub-
ject. I hope such a committee will be formed
as will be thoroughly competent to examine
the whole question and give to the Senate every
information that can be derived from the vari-
ous views that will be presented to such a
committee. I therefore hope, as one of the
Committee on Commerce, that this resolution
will be passed raising a special committee.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I do not
know that I have any objection to the raising
of this committee, or to any disposition the
Senate may see fit to make of that portion of
the President's message that is embraced in
the resolution; but so far as the constitu-
tional question is concerned, I must say that
if there is any question at all to be found in
the Constitution upon which it is utterly im-
possible for any committee to shed more light
than has already been shed upon it, it is pre-
cisely this question of the power of the General
Government to construct works of internal
improvement. If there is any question opon
which the argument on both sides is com-
pletely exhausted, and on which no new light
can be shed, it is precisely that question.
Not only is it discussed in the speeches that
havebeen made in Congress upon the subject,
but in papers that have emanated from the
most distinguished statesmeu of the country,
beginning with the celebrated report of Ham-
ilton on manufactures in 1791, and coming
down to the present time, so that there is not,
to the student of the constitutional history of,
this country and of the Constitution itself, one
single idea left to advance on the one side or
the other. Not that people have'agreed about
the true interpretation of the Constitution;
they have not, and they never will, and no re-
port that you ean have from a committee will
make them agree upon it.
I do not object to the raising of this com-
mittee, and they may report to us any practical
measures they may see tit to report; then will
come up the questiou. But if it is simply to
refer to them as a law committee, to determine
the constitutional question, I humbly submit
it will be labor lost, for each Senator will
decide for himself, not perhaps upon their re-
port, but upon the ablest papers probably that
have ever fallen from the peu of statesmen
construing the Constitution of the United
States for now nearly three quarters of a cen-
tury whether the constitutional power exists
or not In the end it will come to that. Every
Senator will decide for himself, and perhaps
the minds of most of the Senators on this
question are already made up.
I think, therefore, if there is no object to be
attained, except to have a report on the con-
stitutional question, this committee will be a
very useless thing indeed. If, however, the
object of the committee is to present facts to
the Senate which show the necessity for action
if we have the constitutional power to act, then
for the purpose of collecting those facts and
laying them before the Senate this committee
may be of great use.
Mr. WINDOM. If the Senator will allow
me a moment, I will say that that is precisely
the object I had in making this motion.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I shall cheerfully
vote for raising this committee.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. That is
the very reason I shall vote against it I do
not want these facts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New Jer-
sey to strike out '' aselect committee of seven "
and insert "the Committee on Commerce."
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the preamble and reso-
lution, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to say, sir, that
I sludl vote for this resolution, and in doing
so I do not consiier that I commit myself to
any view of the constitutional question which
has just been mentioned by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Thurman.] The question of
cheap, prompt transportation to tide-water of
the persons and the products of the United
States, and most especially of the products
of the United States, is, of the many lead-
ing questions of the day, perhaps one of those
most pressing for a solution. Whether the ex-
isting means of transportation as controlled
by the railroads of the country under the pres-
ent system of management, or any system
which we are likely to obtain for a loug time
to come while the same control continues,
will present the desired solution of that great
problem, is a very serious question. For my-
self I wish I could think of it as a question
presenting much more favorable prospects in
the future than it does to my mind.
If this committee shall be raised and shall
be enabled bj the Senate to collect a body of
authentic and reliable statistics on this over-
shadowing subject of transportation, it will, in
my judgment, have accomplished a great good.
In that point of view, and looking also to the
views expressed this morning by the Senator
from Minnesota [Mr. WindomJ in support of
his resolution, I shall vote for the preamble
and resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say one word
in regard to my vote on this resolution. I did
not suppose it would be necessary to say that
voting tor the raising of this committee does
not commit me to one view of the Constitution
or another. I presume that is understood. I
shall vote to raise the committee, that it
may make such report on the facts as it sees
fit, leaving myself perfectly free to follow my
own judgment in regard to the question of
constitutional power.
Mr. NORWOOD. Mr. President, I do not
think any Senator commits himself to any
legal view of this question by voting for or
ugainst the resolution. The simple question
is as to the feasibility of this transportation.
This committee is to be raised to get facts, to
acquire information to lay before the Senate.
When those facts are laid before the Senate
we are to determine first whether the enter-
prise is such a one as the Government ought
to foster, even if it had the power; and if that
is determined in the affirmative, then the con-
stitutional question will arise, have we the
power under the Constitution, however much
we may desire to foster this enterprise, to do
it? We now desire to get information simply,
in the first place, and I can see no objection
to the committee being raised for that purpose.
The matter should be referred to a special
committee, because they will have more time
to devote to it than the Committee on Com-
merce. I trust the Senate will adopt the
resolution as it stands.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I proposed an
amendment to the resolution, because I thought
the Committee ou Commerce was a belter
committee for this purpose than a select com-
mittee would probably be. I shall certainly
vote for the resolution, that amendment having
been rejected, for it seems to me that any
measure which the President considers of
enoug-h importance to call the attention of
Congress to and to request that a commission
or committee be appointed, should be so treated
by Congress.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 56, nays 3 j as follows :
: YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Brownlow, Buckingham. Caldwell, Cameron, Ctir-
1 penter, Casserly, Chandler, Clayton, Conkling,
j Cooper, Corbett, Cragih, DariB. Edmunds, Fen ton,
i Ferry of Connections Farryof Michigan, Flanagan,
Frolinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill,
Hitchcock, Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Logan,
Machen, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Scott,
Sherman, Stevenson, Stewart, Sumner, Thurman,
Tipton, Trumbnl), Wilson, ana Windom—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Cole, Hamilton of Maryland, and
Vickers—3.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Goldthwaito,
Hamilton of Texas, Kellocrg, Nye, Pool, Ransom,
Sawyer, Schurz, Spenoer, Sprague, Stockton, West,
and Wright—15.
So the resolution was adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has-expired, and the French spoliation
bill is now before the Senate.
COMMlfTER SKRVtCB.
Mr. AMES. I made a request the other
day to be excused from further service upon
the Committee on Military Affairs. Objection
was then made to action on the request, and I
ask for action now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Mississippi desires to call up his request
made a few days ago, to be excused from fur-
ther service on the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. If there is no objection it ia before the
Senate. The question is on the motion to
excuse the Senator from Mississippi.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask that the Senate author-
ize the Vice President to fill the vacancies on
the different committees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion? It requires unanimous consent. The
Chair hears no objection. How shall the
select committee authorized this day be ap-
pointed ?
By unanimous consent, the Chair was author-
ized to appoint the Belect committee.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I was under the impres-
sion that the Calendar was in order. I did not
intend if it were, however, to antagonize it
with the wishes ot the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, because it is not my disposition to do
so, and because it is no use to oppose him in
anything at any time; but really I hope that
