1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1171
the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds of the Senate never had a bill pre-
sented to them to appropriate one dollar.
Mr. STEVENSON. Read the whole re-
port, and the Senator will see that he wholly
misconceives the amount of the appropriation
recommended therein.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have the words here
verbatim. The only change that has been
made in that portion of the Hcuse bill by the
report of the committee as far as I can com-
pare them without having a person to assist
me, is the change of the word "two" to
"four" by the committee of conference.
Here are the words of the House bill:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized anil directed to cause to bo con-
structed a suitable building, fire-proof, at Memphis,
Tennessee, for the accommodation of the custom-
house, postoflieo, United States circuit and district
courts, pension and internal revenue officers; and for
this purpose there is hereby appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of $200,000.
Now, here is the language of the report:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause plans and
estimates to be made for afire-proof building, or
building with a fire-proof vault extending through
each story, suitable for use as a custom-house,
bonded warehouse, court-house, and post office at
Memphis, Tennessee, the cost of which shall not
exceed $400,000.
Mr. STEVENSON. Read it all.
Mr. STOCKTON. Yes, I will read it all.
It goes on, then, and appropriates $50,000 at
once; but recollect that there is not a dollar
appropriated in this bill that came from the
House if the committee of conference has not
raised it $200,000. If an instance can be
found where one House voted $50,000 and
the other House $200,000 to a certain pur-
pose, and it was increased to $400,000 by a
committee of conference, I should be glad to
have any gentleman show it to me. I am not
a parliamentarian, and have but little expe-
rience ; but it strikes me to be so extraordinary
that both Houses should surrender to a com-
mittee of conference the power of making
appropriations that I cannot believe it has
ever been done.
I will read further from this report:
" The cost of which shall not exceed $400,000, in-
cluding the cost of the site; and he is also author-
ized in his discretion to sell or exchange the lot now
owned by the United States in the city of Memphis
as a site for a court-house, for a new and more
eligible site for the erection of such public build-
ing ; and the sum of $50,000 is hereby appropriated
for said purpose, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated."
Now the Senator from Kentucky said that
this committee was more conservative  
Mr. STEVENSON. I have not finished
my remarks. I only gave way to the Senator
to ask me a question.
Mr. STOCKTON. I am sorry I did not
make myself better understood.
Mr. STEVENSON. I was satisfied that the
Senator from New Jersey had not read the
conference report. If he had he would not
have made his speech. I was surprised at the
line of argument by which the Senator assailed
the report; but I see now he wholly miscon-
ceived its recommendations. It is self evi-
dent now from his remarks that he does not
comprehend wiiat the committee of confer-
ence intended. The report itself, as read by
him, must satisfy him that the committee
recommended fifty thousand, not four hun-
dred, us suggested by him. My honorable
fiieiid is singularly unhappy in his argument,
that the committee of conference has increased
the House appropriation from $200,000 to
$400,000. But his mode of proving it is still
more so. He confounds the limitation placed
on the ultimate aud entire cost of the building
with the appropriation of fifty thousand con-
tained in the latter part of the conference
report Because the conferees limited the
ultimate cost, of the building to $400,000, as
a safeguard to the Treasury, and to prevent
extravagant^ and unnecessary^ ornament, iti
the construction of the building, ergo, my
honorable friend says, that such a limitation is
an appropriation of $400,000. What will the
Senator do with the separate appropriation
of $50,000? Is that an additional one to the
$400,000, as claimed by him? If so, the Sen-
ator is still wrong in his figures. If he be right,
that the limitation of $400,000 on the entire
cost of the building and ground constitute an
appropriation, then the amount appropriated
is_ $450,000, and not $400,000, as stated by
him. I insist that he shall not leave out the
fifty thousand actually appropriated.
Mr. STOCKTON. I am sure my friend'
means to be candid, as I know he always is.
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly. I endeavor
always to be so.
Mr. STOCKTON. Let me ask him, was
there any money appropriated by the House
bill ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly. Two hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Mr. STOCKTON. Then I ask him whether
the conference report has changed one word
in that portion of the bill, except striking out
" two" and inserting "four" ?
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly. We struck
out the appropriation of $200,000, and in-
serted in lieu thereof an appropriation of
$50,000 instead, which we had a perfect right
to do.
Mr. STOCKTON. No, sir; you put $400,-
000 in the place of $200,000, in the same
words.
Mr. STEVENSON. My honorable friend
is clearly and absolutely mistaken, and I am
amazed that he does not see it. The language
of the conference report is:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, aud he is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause plans and
estimates to be made for a fire-proof building, or a
building with a fire-proof vault extending to each
story, suitable for use as a custom-house, bonded
warehouse, court-house, and post office at Memphis,
Tennessee, the cost of which shall not exceed
$400,000.
The $400,000 is a clear, direct, palpable
limitation on the entire cost of both site and
building. It is not an appropriation at all,
and I wonder how the Senator confounds
them.
There was no limitation in the cost of the
buildings and site in the House bill; there
was none in the Senate substitute. The com-
mittee of conference, as a matter of caution
and safety, limited the entire cost of building
and site to $400,000, so that the Supervising
Architect must draw his plan of a building
that with the site shall not exceed that sum.
But for this conservative action of the con-
ference committee a plan might have been
submitted that would have required a million
to complete. Having limited the ultimate
cost, the conferees reduced the appropriation
of $200,000 which the House bill contained,
and recommended an appropriation of only
$50,000:
The sum of $50,000 is hereby appropriated for
said purposes out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The House appropriation was $200,000.
We reduced it to $50,000 ; but we did more :
we limited the cost of the building to $400,000.
If the construction of this bill, as claimed by
the honorable Senator, be right, then every
limitation upon the cost of our public build-
ings is^>e 's« an appropriation of money, and
the power of conference committees becomes
dangerously circumscribed. But the Senator
must see he is in error. The daily usage, not
less than the very words of the report, estab-
lish his mistake. The power of a conference
committee to limit the cost of any public
building for which an appropriation is asked
is unquestioned. The committee may cer-
tainly limit, as I presume they may increase,
an appropriation. Whether the conferees can
exceed the amount appropriated by either
House is a question of grave doubt not involved
in this report.
The Senator asks mo a question as to the
authority of the committee to make this re-
port. I have very little parliamentary experi-'
ence, not half as much as my honorable friend
gives me credit for, hut fortunately it does
not require much knowledge of parliamentary
usage to answer his question. Our daily rou-'
tine of business not less than all parliamentary
usage confer on all 'Conference committees the
power to make every recommendation con-
tained in this report. I am only surprised at
the question. Nothing is more frequentthau*
for conference committees to increase or
diminish the amounts of money appropriated
in the bills on which they hold a conference.
I cite to him first the case of the naval steam-
ers, upon which conference I think he acted.
There was a limitation to six steamers by the
House, increased to ten by the Senate, and
reduced to eight by the conference committee.
Other numberless precedents might be cited.
The limitation placed on the ultimate cost is
intended to prevent any extravagant expend-
iture of public money. It is wholly distinct
and independent of the appropriation. The
honorable chairman of this committee himself
favored the limitation in this bill, but opposed
the appropriation. All the conferees desired
to put a limit upon the ultimate cost of the
building. There was some difference of
opinion as to what limit of ultimate cost of
site and building should be. Mr. Mutlett,
the Supervising Architect, came before the
conference committee and presented his
estimates, and the committee then fixed the
limit of ultimate cost at $400,000. We, how-
ever, only recommended an appropriation of
$50,000, to be expended probably next year.
The next Congress may appropriate a larger
sum. But all appropriations now made, or
hereafter to be made, would justly be subject
to the limitation of $400,000, as the ultimate
and entire cost. It occurs to me that my hon-
orable friend must now perceive that, but one
construction can be put on this report, and'
that the limitation on the cost and the $50,000
appropriated are wholly independent of one-
another. How can there be an appropriation
of $400,000 when the very words of the report
limit the appropriation to $50,000, which is a
red'uctiou of $150,000 from the House bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise now to
make the motion I should have made in the
first instance, except that I desired the Sen-
ator from Mississippi to have a fair opportunity
for presenting his views on this question. I
do not wish to take any technical advantage,
but this is of sufficient importance to wanant
a technical objection to the report, and 1 do
this with the utmost kindness, not only to the
Senator from Mississippi, but to Tennessee,
for I am quite willing that there should be a
building erected at Memphis at the earliest
practicable moment, as soon as we can obtain
the proper information aud do justice to the
other portions of the country. Now, I make
the point of order that the report goes beyond
any power conferred upon the conference
committee, in that it reports an ei/iirely dif-
ferent bill from that of the House or the
amendment of the Senate ; that they have in-
corporated wholly new matters. I therefore
move to lay the report upon the table.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senator to
withdraw that motion for a moment, i wish
to reply to a remark made by the Senator from
Mississippi, under a misapprehension, I am
quite sure, that I do not want to go out with-
out contradiction.
Ms. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi spoke of the Government building at
Newport, where he said that the Government
had expended $11,000. and the revenue was
only $800 a year.
Mr. ALCORN. Eight hundred and forty-
seven dollars from customs duties at that
place.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator is very
much mistaken. I do not know what the
duties were. The revenue collected at New-
