1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213ft
was the bill (S. No. 1228) relating to the pay-
ment of bounty to the fifth regiment Connecti-
cut volunteers.
Mr. KELLOGG. I trust that bill will pass.
The bill was read. It provides that each
and every volunteer, non-corrunissioned offi-
cer, private, musician, and artificer of the
fifth and fourth regiments Connecticut volun-
teer infantry who enlisted in the service of
the State with a view to serve the United
States, under General Order No. 103, based on
General Order No. 15 of the War Depart-
ment, be placed on the same footing as the
regiments of the Pennsylvania reserve corps,
so as to secure to them the benefits provided
by the act of April 22,1852, provided that the
bounty has not already been paid to them, and
that the time for filing claims under this act
shall be extended for two years.
Mr. HOLMAN. Itis very manifest that these
soldiers were not in the service of the United
States, but were merely home guards.
Mr. KELLOGG. This bill covers the case
of a few men who come within the decision of
the Supreme Court, that those who were en-
listed on the call of the States were entitled to
bounty.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate.
The question was put on the passage of the
bill and (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the bill resumed its place on the Speaker's
table.
peter fowlib.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1414) for the relief of
Peter Fowlie.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill does not explain
itself and I object to it.
The SPEAKER. No gentleman asking the
passage of the bill, it will be laid aside.
monument at gettysburg.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 1007) donating condemned
cannon and cannon balls to the Gettysburg
Battle-field Memorial Association.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Sec-
retary of War to deliver to the Gettysburg
Battle-field Memorial Association, if it can
be done without detriment to the Government,
such number of condemned cannon and can-
non balls as his judgment may approve of.
Mr. COBURN. How many cannon are
allowed ?
The SPEAKER. That matter is left to the
discretion of the Secretary of War.
Mr. COBURN. Then I object to it.
Mr. RANDALL. Oh, no; do not object
to that.
The question was taken; and (two thirds
voting in the affirmative) the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, received its several
readings, and was passed.
army promotions.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 1587, authorizing appoint
ments and promotions in the departments of
the Army of the United States, and for other
purposes.
Objection being made, the bill was laid aside.
national cemeteries.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the Senate bill No. 968, to authorize the
interment of honorably discharged soldiers,
sailors, and marines in the national cemete-
ries of the United States.
The bill, which was read, provides that hon-
orably discharged soldiers, sailors, or marines,
who served during the late war either in the
regular or volunteer forces, dying subsequent
to the passage of this act, may be buried in any
national cemetery of the United States fiee of
cost, and their graves shall receive the same
care and attention as the graves,of those
already buried, and that the production of the
honorable discharge of the deceased shall be
authority for the superintendent of the ceme-
tery to permit the interment, v
No objection was made, and the bill was
thomas hollis.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 1042, for the relief of
Thomas Hollis, of Morgan county, Georgia.
The bill provides for the payment to Thomas
Hollis, of Morgan county, Georgia, the sum
of $224 14, due him for carrying the mails of
the United States in the year 1861, according
to the records of the Post Office Department.
Mr. WHITELEY. I ask that this bill be
Mr. HOLMAN. It appears to be all right.
No objection was made, and the bill was
passed.
texas pacific railroad.
Mr. WHEELER. I understand that the
gentleman from New York [Mr. W. R. Rob-
erts] now withdraws his objection to the bill
of the Senate No. 1537, supplemental to an
act entitled "An act to incorporate the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company and to aid in the
construction of its road, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1871.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I understand that
this bill does not make a land grant, but is
really in the interest of those living along
the line. With that understanding I will not
object to the bill being submitted to a vote
of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is a case of consol-
idation, the very thing we ought to guard
against.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the rules be
suspended and the bill passed.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wheeler
and Mr. Holman were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 96, noes 36.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN said: On this question of
consolidation of corporations, I call for the
yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
the yeas and nays; and there were, upon a
division—ayes 20, noes 79.
Mr. SPEAKER. The vote is so close the
Chair will appoint tellers, and designate Mr.
Wheeler and Mr. Holman to act as such.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 31, noes 90.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken; and there
were—yeas 89, nays 79, not voting 72; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barnum, Bigby, Biggs, Bmgliam,
Boo.rman, Buckley, Bunnell, Clarke, Cobb, Cogh-
lan, Conger, Conner, Criteher, Crocker, JDarrall,
Dickey, Donnan, Duell, Duimell, Eames, Eldrcdge,
Esty. Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Golladay, Harmer,
Harper, George E. Harris, John B. Hawley, Joseph
11. Hawley, Hays, John W. Hazelton. Hoar,
Hooper, Iioughton, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham,
Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Maynard, McHenry,
McKee, Moore, Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Packard, Packer, Peck,. Pendleton, Perce, Perry,
Peters, Piatt, Poland, Price, Prmdle, Ellis H. Rob-
erts, John Rogers, Rusk, bargenc, Sawyer, Seofield,
Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shoemaker, H.
Boardman Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp,
Snyder, Speer, Stoughton, St. John, Sutherland,
Sypher, TafFe. Thomas, Washington Townsend,
Turner, Twichell, Wakeman, Wallace, Wheeler.
Whiteley, and Williams of Indiana—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, James B.Beok,
Bell, Bird, Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Boles,
Bright, Buffinton, Burchard, Caldwell, Carroll, Co-
burn, Cox, Crebs, Davis, Dox, DuBose, Ely, Emk-
elnburg, Garfield, Giddings, Griffith, Haldeman,
Hale, Hancock, Handley, John X. Harris, liavens,
Hay, Herndon, Hibbard, Holman, Kerr, King,
Lewis, Maclntyre, Manson, McClelland. McCor-
mick, McCrary, Merriam, Merrick, Monroe, Silas
L. Niblack, William E. Niblack. Orr, Hoaea W.
Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Potter, Randall, John M.
Rice, William R. Roberts, Roosevelt, Shellabarger,
Sherwood, Slater, Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson,
Storm, Terry. Tuthill.Tyner, Van Trump, Vaughan,
Waddell, Walden, Wells, Whitthorne, Willard,
Jeremiah M. Wil&on, and Young—79.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks,
Barber, Barry, Braxton, Brooks, Burdctt, Benja-
min J?. Butler, Roderick R* Butler, Campbell, Co-
mingo, Cotton, Creely, Crossland,' Dawes, Dodds,
Duke, Elliott, Farnsworth, Farwell, Forkcr, Charles
Foster, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Getz, Goodrich,
Halsey, Hambleton, Hanks, Gerry W. Hazelton,
Hereford, Hill, Kendall, Killinger. Kinsella, Lam-
ison, Leach, Lynch, Marshall, McGrew, McJunkin,
McKinney, McNeely, Benjamin F.Meyers, Mitchell,
Morgan, Wegloy, Palmer, Porter, Rainey, Read,
Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie, Robinson, Sion H. Rogers,
Shober, Slocum, Sloss, John A. Smith, Stark-
weather, Stowell, Swann, Dwight Townsend, Up-
son, Voorhees, Waldron, Warren, Williams of New
York, John T. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—72.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the bill was not passed.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. TERRY. My colleague, Mr. Bbaxton,
is detained from his seat to-day by sickness iu
his family.
Mr. SPEER. As I understand there is no
laud grant in this bill, I vote "ay."
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment a bill (H. R.
No. 8045) to authorize the unloading of steam-
ships at night.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 957) sup-
plemental to the act of February 9, 1821, in-
corporating the Columbian College, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the following concurrent
resolution of the House with an amendment,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
Resolution to print the report and testimony
of the select Committee on the Union Pacific
Railroad Company and Credit Mobilier.
mrs. p. selina buchanan.
Mr. PLATT. I move to suspend the rnles
to take from the Speaker's table and pass a
bill (S. No. 1106) for the relief of Mrs. F.
Selina Buchanan.
The bill was read. It appropriates $5,277 4G
to Mrs. F. Selina Buchanan, widow of the late
McKean Buchanan, paymaster in the Navy,
in full satisfaction of any claim of the estate
of her husband, arising out of damages sus-
tained in consequence of an arbitrary order
of the late Commodore Claxton reducing the
emoluments accruing to Buehanan during the
cruise of the frigate Constitution in 1839, 1840,
and 1841, of which he was purser, below the
amount to which he was entitled by law and
the usage and custom of the service.
The motion of Mr. Plait was agreed to,
(two thirds voting in favor thereof,) and the
bill was passed.
indians of northern superintendency.
Mr. SHANKS. There is on the Speaker's
table a bill (S. No. 1331) to amend an act en-
titled "An act for the relief of certain tribes
of Indians in the northern superintendency,"
approved June 10, 1872. I was not in my
seat when that bill was taken up in regular
order, and it was laid aside. I now move to
suspend the rules and pass the bill.
The bill was read. It provides that the third
section of an act for the relief of certain tribes
of Indians in the northern superintendency,
approved June 10, 1872, be amended so as to
authorize the Secretary of the Interior, with
the consent and concurrence of the CHtoe and
Missouria tribe of Indians, expressed in open
council m the usual manner, to cause to be
surveyed, if necessary, the entire reservation
of said Indians lying in the States of Nebraska
and Kansas, or any portion thereof, and to
appraise and dispose of the same for the ben-
efit of the aforesaid Indians to actual settlers,
under the terms and in accordance with the
provisions of the preemption law in all respects,
except that the price to be paid by preSmptors
shall be its value as fixed by the appraisal; but
in each of such cases the land is not to be
appraised at less than $2 50 per acre.
