1172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
port on import duties is very small, undoubt-
edly; but the Newport custom-house is main-
tained not so much for the collection of reve-
nue as for the prevention of frauds" upon the
revenue. Newport is a great harbor of refuge.
It is no uncommon thing for three hundred
vessels to be lying in that jharbor at one time.
I have seen at a little shelter a short distance
above there, called Dutch Island harbor, one
of the loveliest spots on earth, seventy-five
vessels that all came in there the day before.
There are enormous facilities for smuggling in
Newport, and the custom-house establishment
is maintained there to protect the revenue,
not to collect revenue; and if the custom-
house at Newport should be abolished, there
would be millions upon millions of illegal im-
portations there every year. The custom house
at Newport returned, I think, in two years
$20,000 of fines and forfeitures from attempted
smuggling, and has saved many hundreds of
thousands of dollars by the vigilance of its
officers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You might say millions.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes,_ I might say mil-
lions. The building there is not for a custom-
house alone. It is for a post office, and the
post office there is one of the chief post offices
in the country. A very large revenue is col-
lected at the Newport post office, and the im-
provement in the building, for which an appro-
priation was made last year, was not for the
accommodation of the custom-house merely',
• but for the post office, which yields a very large
return.
Mr. President, the congressional district in
which Newport is situated has returned in one
year a larger internal revenue than the whole
State of Mississippi ever did. That single
congressional district in which this building is
erected has returned in one year two thirds of
the sura that the State of Mississippi has re-
turned during the whole time that we have had
an internal revenue, cotton tax and all. Such
business as that cannot be transacted without
some accommodation.
1 believe my friend from Mississippi also
spoke of a Government building at Kingston,
Bhode Island. My friend is mistaken ; there
is no such Government building. I -am not
aware of any other Government building in
Rhode Island except at Providence, where
there is one, very insufficient, indeed, for the
business of the Government, which cannot
and does not accommodate the Government
officers, and very many of them are obliged to
have rooms rented outside and at inconvenient
places. There ought to be erected now in the
city of Providence a Government building of at
least double the capacity of the one we have.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely
raise the question of order upon the reception
of the report
Mr. ALCORN. I hope the Senator will
allow me a word in reply to the Senator from
Rhode Island.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall have to call for
the regular order unless this debate comes to a
termination.
Mr. ALCORN. I simply want to reply to
the honorable Senator from Rhode Island. I
certainly did not intend to raise any issue with
regard to Newport. I did not mean to find
any complaint with appropriations that were
made, or to traverse the judgment of Congress
r1 necessary to make appropriations
' I simply rose to state the claims
of Memphis, and in stating them to contrast
her with other places. I had before me a
statement made by Mr. Young, the chief of
the Bureau of Statistics, in response to an in-
quiry that I made of him, and certified by him.
It was upon thjs thsvt I made the statements
which I presented. He says that the aggre-
gate duties collected at Newport were, for the
year ending June 30, 1872, $887 80. I went
on to show that the aggregate duties at Mem?
phis amounted to some $82,000 a year. I w^s
thus endeavqring to impress upon the §enatV
the importance of Memphis, and to show that
it was a Government necessity to construct a
public building there. I certainly have noth-
ing to say against Newport.^ I know it is a
delightful watering place ; it is a place of great
business and great wealth, and certainly noth-
ing would fall from my lips to condemn New-
port in any regard. That is a pleasant place,
a place at which I have spent many a pleasant
hour.
Mr. ANTHONY. That report, whether from
the Bureau of Statistics or anywhere else, is
ridiculously incorrect. I have not before me
the returns of the revenue at the port of New-
port ; but to call them $800 for a year is per-
fect nonsense. It is a typographical or cler-
ical error, or something a great deal worse. I
am quite sure the chief of the bureau could
not have made such a blunder unless it be
typographical.
Mr. ALCORN. I will state to the Senator
that this report has been assailed by nearly
every Senator who has spoken. But I have it
from the chief of the bureau, certified, before
me, and I regard the document as official, and
shall so consider it until it is proved to be
incorrect.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senate will
not base its action upon any such report as
that. I do not know what the present revenue
returns are; but I know that the internal rev-
enue returns in that congressional district for
the year 1866, which I believe was the largest
year of internal revenue, were $4,600,000.
Mr. ALCORN. I am not talking about the
internal revenue. It may be possibly, that
in the confusion of speech I mentioned
"internal revenue," the word "internal"
being so common as a prefix to " revenue."
I am talking about the duties and the reve-
nues, denominating the duties as revenues to
the Government.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understood the Sen-
ator to say that the import duties at Newport
were only $800 a year.
Mr. ALCORN". That is what the statistics
show.
Mr. ANTHONY. The statistics are very
much mistaken ; and if the Senate is taking
any action on statistics, of which that is a
sample, I think that the matter had better be
laid on the table until we can have an oppor-
tunity to revise the figures.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I insist on
my question of order, that the conference com-
mittee have transcended their power.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stew-
art in the dhair.) The Senator from Vermont
makes a question of order, that the committee
have exceeded their powers in this report.
That point being made at this time, after so
long a discussion, the Chair will submit the
question to the Senate, he being somewhat in
doubt as to what are the powers of a con-
ference committee. In this case it appears
that the House of Representatives made an
appropriation of $200,000, and the Senate
struck that out, and provided for an examin-
ation of the subject. The report of the com-
mittee of conference limits the amount of the
final appropriation for the construction of a
building to $400,000, and makes an imme-
diate appropriation of $50,000. The question
is whether this proposition of the committee
is within the scope of their powers.
Mr. THURMAN. The Chair did not state
for what purpose the House made the appro-
priation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. For a pub-
lic building at Memphis. The question is,
will the Senate sustain the point of order;
have the committee exceeded their powers;
had they a right to report this amendment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
the papers read, so that we may see precisely
what the question is.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest that it is hardly
necessary to raise the point of order if the
motion iq to lay tbp report and bill oij tb© tq-ble,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the point of order to he in-
sisted on.
Mr. STEVENSON. I bope the point of
order will be settled, because it is a very im-
portant point. If the Senate say that this
committee exceeded its powers, then they
deny to a committee of conference any power
to limit an appropriation or to reduce a a ap-
propriation. That is the only point I under-
stand the Senator from Vermont to make.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move to lay
the conference report on the table. That car-
ries the point of order with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point
of order must be settled before that motion
will be in order. The Secretary will read the
bill and the report of the committee of con-
ference, as called for by the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call for the regular
order. As this raises a matter that is cealiy
of importance as to the regularity of the pro-
ceeding of conference committees, I think I
had better call for the regular order and that
is the pending bill, and this will go over to be
considered at another time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The regular
order is before the Senate.
tiie geneva award.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 1203)
creating a commission to adjust the compen-
sation of tlie several claimants for damages
aud for depredations by rebel cruisers, to be
discharged out of the indemnity fund awarded
by the tribunal of arbitration at Geneva, to be
paid by Great Britain to the United States.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an ameudment, striking out all
of the original bill, as follows:
A bill creating a commission to adjust the compen-
sation of the several claimants tor damages for
depredations by rebel cruisers, to be discharged
out of the indemnity fund awarded by the tri-
bunal of arbitration at Geneva, to be paid by
Great Britain to the United States.
Be it enacted, &c., That the President be, and is
hereby, authorized to appoint three commissioners
to adjust and determine the amount of compcn^i-
tion due to the several claimants for damages aris-
ing from the depredations of rebel cruisers, to be
discharged out of the indemnity fund awarded by
the tribunal of arbitration at Geneva, to be paid by
Great Britain to the United States, said commission-
ers to confine their allowance of compensation to
such cases of depredation as were committed by such
rebel cruisers for the acts of which Great Britain
was found to be liable by such tribunal of arbitra-
tion. The agreement and decision of two of such
commissioners shall be binding upon any question;
they shall have power to send for persons and papers,
take testimony, adopt rules and modes of proceed-
ing, and have such of the ordinary power of courts
as to enable them to compel the attendance of wit-
nesses, punish contempts, and preserve order.
Sec. 2. That the President is farther authorized
to appoint two persons as counsel for said commis-
sion, whose duty it shall be to examine all claims
presented for compensation, and protect such in-
demnity fund and the United States from false or
extravagant claims.
Seo. 3. That the President is further authorized
to appoint a secretary for said commission, who
shall have power to select and employ all neediul
assistants. Thesaid secretary shall, under the direr -
tion of said commission, keep the minutes of their
proceedings, and make all proper entries of their
judgmenrs and orders, and perform ail duties inci-
dent to his office. Said commission shall be organ-
ized in the city of Washington, but may afterward
hold their sessions in such places m the Umred
States as may be most convenient for the perform-
ance of their duties, and their functions shall not
extend beyond two years from the date of their
organization.
Sec. 4. That said commissioners shall be paid at
the rate of $4,500 a year for their services, and the
secretary at the rate of $3,000 a year, and his assist-
ants such compensation as may be fixed by the com-
missioners; and the counsel shall receive such com-
pensation as may be fixed by the Secretary of State.
Sec. 5. That the United States marshal in the
district in which such commission may hold its
sessions shall serve all process issued by the com-
missioners, and execute their orders from time to
time, and preserve order m their place of sitting.
Sec. 6. That the judgments and findings ol *aid
commissioners in favor of claimants shall be paid
to suoh claimants, their assignees, heirs, executors
administrators, or guardians, by the Trcasuier of
the United States, within sixty days after the pie-
sentatioo to the Treasury Department of a duly
certified copy of such judgment and finding, to be
