1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
209
relawe from an immense claim, and national
exemption from perpetual onerous duties, from
complications aud dangers reaching into futur-
ity, from intematioual obligations which must :
have brought oa us the danger and the curse
ot' European politics, the Goverameut of the
United Statea bartered claims of its citizens
placed in its possession for collection, at th 
invitation of Thomas Jefferson, by direetjou
oi' George Washington. These claims were
fur losses incurred in the pursuit of legitimate
trade; they were caused by a condition of
affairs ai one* novel to the sufferers and dis-
graceful to us; they were suffered because no
adequate protection was afforded by the Gov-
ernment to its citizens in the pursuit of their .
lawful calling; they wer« increased ou the
plain promise of the authorities to assist the
plundered merchants aud ship-owners in ob-
trinmg redress and indemnity ; they were con-
fiscated for a lasting public benefit; and these
DenetiU have been constantly eariehing our
people, while those whose property was thus
bartered have died in poverty and disap-
pointment.
How much longer can we bear the disgrace
which our neglect in this matter brings on our
good name, our honesty, our generosity ? How
long shall the heirs of the sufferers come, cap
m band, to the descendants of the beneficiaries
and piteously beg us to give a part of what our
facers took from theirs ? How long shall out
criminal neglect of these poor people till the
land with stalking shadows who witness against
us so eloquently? And for how many more
weary years shall they furnish living witnesses
of that most shocking thing, that all property
is in perpetual peril in a nation which, in vio-
lation of its fundamental law, takes private
property for the public use without just com-
pensation?
1 hope the end of these things has come. I
cannot beiieve that a Congress now called on j|
to appoint commissioners to distribute indem- !
nity for losses so like the French spoliation |
claims will basy themselves with the Alabama j
award and neglect to order that our own
Treasury shall now disgorge the money so
loBg and so unwisely withheld from the poor
people for whom I plead. What conjunction
could be more felicitous? What occasion so
sisgularly just 1 I sincerely trust that the
Seoaie will promptly pass this hill, and so
earn the plaudits of all just and merciful men.
I have only to say in conclusion that I am
surprised to find that nearly all these claims
are in the hands of the descendants of the first
owaeis. Such confidence had the first owners
of these claims upon the Government that
almost every one of them gave a dying injunc-
tion to his children never to barter them away,
beeause they felt that the Government, when
it beeameable to pay, would pay, so just a debit.
Mr. VICKEKS. Mr. President, the bill
Wore the Senate provides for the adjustment
of claims of American citizens for spoliations
committed by the French prior to the 81st of
July, 1801, not exceeding $5,000,000; pro-
vides far the appointment of commissioners
to examine aud award to claimants, and guards
the inteieat of the Government by excluding ,
sll claims embraced in the convention between I
the United States and France concluded on
the 30th of April, 1808, and such claims as
*ere aJlowed and paid in whole or in part
under the treaty between the United States j
and Spain, «&de on the 22d of February 1819,
and also such claims as were allowed in whole
or in part under the provisions of the treaty
between the United States and France con-
cluded oa the 4th of July 1831, leaving only
one class of claims to be adjusted, growing
out of depredations upon our commerce be-
tweeu 1794 aad July 1801 not heretofore paid !
by Frao«e. j
That these claims have a legal and tangible !
existence I have no doubt; that our merchant
snips were captured and despoiled by French 1
cruisers has never been denied ; the proof in •
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 14.
many oases has been deposited in the archives
of the Government, and the French Govern-
ment can supply other proofs. Before entering
into a history of the transactions attending
these claims it may not be unprofitable to
revert to the antecedent relations of the United
States and France.
Wax commenced in 1776 between the Amer-
ican colonies aud Great Britain, and was
waged undec much disadvantage by the former.
The mother country was strong in men, money,
and resources ; had been bred to war; her his-
tory was refulgent with deeds of arms and of
conquest, while the colonies were weak, de-
fenseless, and unused to wars. The disparity
was so obvious that many believed in the
speedy subjugation of our country. During
its progress for two years the American
fleet was almost entirely destroyed at the bat-
tle of Crown Point; New York had capitu-
lated, nearly one-third of the city was des-
troyed by fire; Washington had retreated; the
citizens of Philadelphia were panic-strickeu ;
the Jerseys had been overrun by the enemy.;
Ticonderoga was lost; the command of Lakes
George aud Champlain had passed into the
hands of the British ; their fleet under Ad-
miral Howe had control of our waters; the
western frontier of the Carolinas and Georgia
had been visited by Indian wars ; and the his-
torian Hildreth said:
" The loss of life had been enormous; few com-
paratively in battle, but the sick had always been
numerous, and the mortality in the hospitals, ill pro-
vided with comforts and even with necessaries, had
been truly frightful. Insufficiency of clothing, and
even sometimes of food, had aggravated the effects
of disease; while difficulties about the exchange of
prisoners, which Congress for reasons of policy had
been little anxious to remove, had exposed multi-
tudes to a miserable death in jails and Drisonships.
The cost and calamities of the war, indeed, far ex-
ceeded all the calculations of those most eager to
enter into it. Yet a vast majority of the American
peoplo were wholly disinclined to peace on any
terms short of entire independence."
The French people, who cherished no friendly
feeling to the English, were delighted at the
revoltof the American colonies ; and, anxious
to share in their trade, had, contrary to the
remonstrances of the British embassador, per-
mitted American privateers to sell their prizes
in French ports, and armed vessels to sail
under American commissions were allowed
to be secretly fitted out.
The sufferings, privations, and indomitable
spirit and courage of our young confederate
republic are subjects for admiration and won-
der, when contrasted with the splendid armies
of her enemies and their commanding fleets.
We needed aid, and an ally. At that event-
ful period our Government naturally looked
to France; they could look nowhere else.
Treaties were therefore concluded between
them, of amity and support, and in reference
to trade and commerce. As they have an im-
portant bearing upon and are closely connected
with the claims of our citizens, I recite a por-
tion of their provisions. These treaties are
dated the 6th of February, 1778.
Article one of the treaty of alliance reads:
"If war should break out between France and
Great Britain during the continuance of the present
war between the United States and England, his
Majesty and the said United States shall make it a
common cause, and aid each other mutually with
their good offices, their counsels, and their forces,
according to the exigence of conjunctures, as becomes
good and faithful allies."
"Art. 2. The essential and direct end of the present
defensive alliance is to maintain effectually the lib-
erty, sovereignty, and independence, absolute and
unlimited, of the said United States, as well in mat-
ters of government as of commerce."
"Art. 11. The two parties guaranty mutually
from the present time, and forever, against all Pow-
ers, to wit: the United States to his moBt Christian
Majesty, the present possessions of the Crowu of
France in America, as well as those which it may ac-
quire by the future treaty of peace. And his most
Christian Majesty guaranties on his part to the U nited
States their liberty, sovereignty, and independence,
absolute and unlimited, as weli in matters of gov-
ernment as commerce, and also their possessions,
and the additions of conq uests, that their confedera-
tion may obtain during the war from any of the do-
minions now or heretofore possessed by Qreat Brit-
ain in North America, conformable to the fifth and
sixth articles, above written, the whole as their pos-
sessions shall be fixed and assured to the said States
at the moment of the cessation of their present war
with England."
The seventeenth article provides that either
party might take their prizes and ships aud
privateers into the ports of the other, aud that
they should not be searched nor examination
be made into their lawfulness, and that no
shelter or refuge should be given in their ports
to such as should have made prize of the sub-
jects, people, or property of either of the
parties.
Article twelve states that the '1 merchant
ships of either of the parties which shall be
making into a port belonging to the enemy of
the other ally, and concerning whose voyage
and the species of goods on board her there
shall be just grounds of suspicion, shall be
obliged to exhibit, as well upou the high seas
as in the ports and havens, not only her pass-
ports, but likewise certificates, expressly show-
ing that her goods are not of the numbers of
those which have been prohibited as contra-
band."
The possessions of France in America at
the formation of these treaties, and which the
United States bound themselves to defend and
guaranty, were the islands of St. Domingo,.
Martinique, Guadeloupe, St. Lucia, St. Vin-
cent, Tobago, Deseada, Marie Galante, St.
Pierre, Miquelon, and Greuada ; and Cayenne
on the maiuland. The obligation was to guar-
anty them forever to France, even if war,
with all its direful consequences, should ensue;
but in 1793 Great Britain had recovered by
conquest the islands of Tobago, Martinique,
St. Domingo, St. Lucia, and Guadeloupe,
without a blow having been struck in their
defense by American arms.
A number of captured British seamen had
been carried into French ports by American
privateers. Messrs. Franklin and Lee, our
commissioners in Paris, addressed a letter to
Lord Stormont, the British embassador, pro-
posing an exchange of prisoners in the hands
of the British. The reply of that imperious
officer was: "The king's embassador re-
ceives no application from rebels, unless they
come to implore his Majesty's mercy." Such
was the reply, written on a slip of paper, which
the commissioners returned tor his lordship's
"better consideration." The necessity of a
foreign alliance, which should bring men,
money, arms, and a navy to the relief of our
country, appeared indispensable to our success
and independence. The treaty with France
was hailed throughout our country with feel-
ings of gratitude and enthusiasm; former
enmities and prejudices against that country
were changed to admiration and affection.
In July, 1778, soon after the treaty, the
French Count D'Estaing arrived off the Dele-
ware with a fleet of twelve ships of the line,
four frigates, and four thousand troops. He
was afterward reeriforced and made a conquest
of the island of Grenada. Adverses befell
the American arms in the South. The battle
of Camden cast a shadow over the country,
and had reduced the Maryland line to a single
regiment, and the Delaware to a single com-
pany. The troops of those two States fought and
fell together on many a battle-field. The French
army while at Newport paid for their supplies
in hard money, which proved a great advan-
tage to the farmers of New England, lo
oppose the combined fleets of France and
Spain, Great Britain was obliged to keep afloat
an immense naval force, and it was said that
eighty thousand volunteers were enrolled in
Ireland to guard against invasion from France.
These demands upon the resources of Eng-
land necessarily diverted from our shore large
numbers of British troops and ships, and in
this indirect manner aided materially to weaken
our adversary and to benefit us.
In 1781 the Count De Grasse sailed from
France with twenty ships-of-the-line and a con-
voy of two or three hundred merchantmen.
With a portion of these ships he blockaded
