1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1173
paid out of such indemnity fund so awarded by the
board of arbitrators at Geneva.
Sec. 7. That the said indemnity fund, when paid
by the British Government to the United States,
shall be set apart and reserved for the payment of
such compensation and damages as may be adjudged
to the claimants as aforesaid, in accordance with the
preceding provisions of this act.
Skc. 8. That in estimating the compensation to
claimants, interest shall be calculated upon the
amount allowed at the rate of six per cent, per
annum from the date of the loss to the date of the
judgment or finding, and the amount thereof shall
be entered up in a separate judgment or finding
apart from the principal; that the payment of the
several judgments for interest shall not be made 1
until the work of the commissioner? shall have been
completed and all claims for compensation passed
upon, and then, if upon computation, the said in-
demnity fund shall be found sufficient to pay all the
judgments for principal and interest, the said judg-
ments for interest shall be paid m full; but if the
said indemnity fund sball be found insufficient to
pay all the judgments for interest after payment of
judgment for principal, then the said judgments for
interest shall be paid pro rata as far as said fund
will go.
And inserting in lieu thereof;
Abilfforthe creation of a court for the adjudication
and disposition of certain moneys received into the
Treasury, under an award made by the tribunal of
arbitration constituted by virtue of thefirst article
ot the treaty concluded at Washington, May 8,
A. D. 1871, between the United States of America
and the queen of Great Britain.
Be it enacted, fcc..* That the President of the United
States be, and he is hereby, authorized to nominate,
and, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, appoint five suitable persons, who shall consti-
tute a court, to be known as the " court of commis-
sioners of Alabama claims/' Bach of the j udges and
other officers of said court shall take the oath of office
prescribed by law to be taken by all officers of the
United States. The President shall designate, by
appointment, one of the said judges to be presiding
judge of the court; and all vacancies which may
occur in said court by reason of death, resignation,
or inability, or refusal or neglect of any or either of
said judges to discharge the duties of his position,
siia.ll be filled in the same manner as vacancies
occurring in offices under the Constitution of the
United States are filled.
Sec. 2, That the said judges shall meet and organ-
ized«iid court in the city of Washington, where the
{said court shall hold its sittings. Three judges of
Mid court shall constitute a quorum for the transac-
tion ot business, and the agreement of three shall
be necessary to decide any question arising before
said court. , . . ,
Sec. 3. That the said court be, and it is hereby,
authorized to publish notice of its sessions, and to
m.ike all needful rules and regulations not contra-
vening the laws of the United States or the provis-
ions ot this act, for regulating the forms and mode
ot procedure befofe tne said court, and for carrying
into full and complete effect the provisions of this
act. Such rules and mode of procedure shall con-
form, ab far as practicable, to the mode of proce-
dure and practice of thecircuitcourts of the United
States; and the said Courtis hereby vested with the
s.mie powers now possessed by the circuit and dis-
trict courts of the United States to compel the
attendance and testimony ot parties, claimants, and
witnesses, to preserve order, and to punish for con-
tempts; and m all claims which sball be presented
Uioru said court the person or persons prosecuting
such claim shall be deemed the complainant and
the United States shall be deemed the respondent.
And said court shall have power to compel the pro-
duction of any books or papers deemed material to
the consideration of any claim or matter pending
Skc. 4. That each of the said judges shall be paid
monthly, at the rate of $6,000 per annum, and they
shall have a clerk, who shall be appointed by the
Pi evident, by and with theadvice andconsentof the
Senate, to be paid at the rate of $3,000 per annum ;
unci rhe said court shall have authority to appoint
one short-hand reporter, to be pa,id monthly, at the
rate of $2,500 per aunum; and said court shall be
further allowed the necessary actual expenses ot
otlice rent, furniture, fuel, stationery, and printing,
and other necessary incidental expenses, to be cer-
tified by the presiding judge of said court, and to be
Muducd and paid on vouchers under the direction
ot the Secretary of State. .
Sec. 5 That the President be, and he is hereby,
auth.jMzcd to decimate asuitable person ascounsel.
\vho o duly it shall be to represent the interests ot
th-United States tlterem.
Sfc. 0. That the marshal ot the United States* lor
the District ot Oolumbuisliallserve al process issued
by said eouit, preserve order m the place ot sitting,
and execute the orders ot the 8{jd court. .
Sec. 7. That the said court shall proceed, irntae
diately after its first meeting m the city ot W ashnu-
ton, with all convenient dispatch, to arrange .and
docket the several claims admissible
and to consider the ovideneo which shall have been
or which may be offered by tlxo rcajijeotivo cia™ant&
and in opposition thereto, allowing such iurtlaer
time for the production of such further ' fh
may be required, and as it shall think reasonable) aud
just, and shall thereupon proceed to determine ana
award upon each of said claims, accordm0 to
provisions of this act. ]Utr a;,
Skc. 8. That the judges of the court created by thi*
act shall convene in the city ot Washington as soon
as conveniently may be after their appointment, and
the said court shall exist for one year from the date
of its first convening and organizing; and should it
be found impracticable to complete the work of the
said court before theexpirationof the Raid one year,
the President may, by proclamation, extend the
time of the duration thereof to a period not more
than six months beyond the expiration of the said
one year, and in such case all the provisions of this
act shall be taken and held to be thesame as though
the continuance of the said court had been ori-
ginally fixed by this act at the limit to which'it may
be thus extended.
Sec. 9. That all records, documents, or other
papers which now are, or hereafter, during the con-
tinuance of the court, may come into the possession
of the Department of State in relation tn such claims,
and which shall be found necessary to the examina-
tion and adjudication of the same, shall, upon the
order or requisition of said court, be delivered to the
court for that purpose, and to be given such weight
as evidence as the court shall think just.
Skc. 10. That each of the said judges shall have
authority to administer oaths and affirmations, and
to take the depositions of claimants, parties, and
witnes&es, in all matters pertainiug to the presenta-
tion or examination of said claims; and if any per-
1 son shall knowingly and willfully swear or affirm
falsely in such examination or deposition to any
matter or fact material to the investigation of the
claim touching which such person is examined, or
if any person, whether claimant or witness, shall so
swear or affirm falsely to the contents of any memo-
rial, petition, affidavit, deposition, or other paper
containing any matter or fact material in the exam-
ination of any claim pending before, or to be pre-
sented before, said court; or shall, in givingtesti-
mony, or in swearing or affirming to any deposition,
affidavit, or other paper, before any officer author-
ized to administer oaths or to take such testimony,
so swear or affirm falsely to any matter or thing ma-
terial in the examination of any claim pending or
to be presented before said court, every eueh person
so swearing or affirming falsely, as aforesaid, shail
be deemed guilty ot perjury, the same as if such
false oath or affirmation had been taken in a judi-
cial proceeding in any of the courts of the United
States, and shall be liable to indictment and trial in
the district or circuit court of the United States for
the district in which such perjury shall have been
committed, or in the courts of the United States tor
the Territory in which such perjury shall have been
committed, and shall, upon conviction, suffer such
punishment as is provided by the laws of the United
States for that offense.
Sec. 11. That it shall be the duty of said court to
receive and examine all claims admissible under
this act that may be presented to it, directly result-
ing from damage caused by the so-called insurgent
cruisers, Alabama, Florida, and their tenders, and
also all claims admissible under this act directly re-
sulting from damage caused by the so-called insur-
gent cruiser Shenandoah after her departure from
Melbourne on the 18th day of February, 1865, and to
decide upon the amount and validity of such claims,
in conformity with the provisions hereinafter con-
tained, and according to the principles of law and
the meritsof theseveralcases. And all claims prov-
able or to be allowed under this act shall.be filed in
said court within six months next after the organi-
zation thereof, as provided in section eight of this
act; aud no claim shall be received, docketed, or
considered that shall not have been so filed within
the time aforesaid; but every such unpresented
claim shall be deemed and held to be finally and
conclusively waived and barred. .
Sec. 12. That no claim shall be admissible or
allowed by said court for any loss or damage for or
in respect to which the party injured, his assignees,
or legal representatives, shall have received com-
pensation or indemnity from any insurance com-
pany, insurer, or otherwise; but if &uch compensa-
tion or indemnity so received shall not have been
equal to the loss or damage so actually suffered,
allowance may be made for the difference. And in
no case shall any claim be admitted or allowed for or
in respect to unearned freights, gross freights, pros-
pective profits freights gains or advantages, or tor
wages of officers or seamen for a longer time than
one year next after the breaking up of a voyage by
the acts aforesaid. And no claim shall be admissible
or allowed by said court by or m behalt ot any in-
surance company or insurer, either in its or his own
right, or as assignee, or otherwise, in the right ot a.
person or party insured as aforesaid, unless such
claimant sball show to the satisfaction of said court
that during the late rebellion the sum of its or his
losses in respect to its or his war risks, exceeded the
sum of its or his premiums or other gams upon or in
respect to such war risks; and in case of any such
allowance the same shall not be greater than such
excess of loss. And no claim shall be admissible' or
allowed by said court arising in tavor of any insur-
ance company notlawfully existingatthetimeot the
loss under the laws of some ot' one the United States.
And no claim shall be admissible or allowed by said
court arising in favor of any perscm not entitled at
the time of his loss to the protection ot the United
States in the premises, nor arising m tavor ot any
person who did no tat all times during thelaterebel-
lion bear true allegiance to the United States.,
Sec. 13. That in estimating the compensation to
claimants, interest shall be allowed at the rate ot
four per cent, per annum upon the amount ot actual
lo«s or damage which shall be ascertained m each
case to have been sustained from such date as the
court shall, in each case, decide that the loss was sus-
tained by the claimant: Provided, hoaytH'r, Ibat
the amount of such interest shall not be included m
or added to the amount for which judgment may be
rendered on said claim, but in each case a report
of the amount of ssuch interest, certified under
the seal of the court, shall accompany the report
of the judgment on the claim to the Secretary of
State.
Seo. 14. That the said court shall report to the
Secretary of State a list of the several judgments
and decisions made by. it, rt. certified eopy of which
shall, .upon the conclusion of the business of the said
court, be by him transmitted to the Secretary of t,he
Treasury, who shall retain in the Treasury five per
cent, of the amount of the judgments rendered by
the said eourt, and shall thereafter, as soon as may
be, and upon such notice and in such manner as
he shall prescribe, pay ninety-five per cent, of
the said judgments, together with interest at the rate
of four per cent, per annum on the amount of such,
judgments from the date-certified, unto the persons
respectively in whose favor the same shall have been
made, or to their respective legal representatives, in
full satisfaction and discharge of said judgments:
Provided, always, That no such payment shall be
made until the Government of the United States
shall have received from that of Great Britain the
sum awarded to be paid by the latter to the former,
in virtue of the decision and award made at Geneva,,
on the 14th day of September, 1872, by the tribunal
of arbitration constituted by virtue of the first
article of the said treaty: And provided further,
That if the sum of all the judgments rendered by
the said court, together with interest, shall exceed,
the amount received into the Treasury of the United
States as proceeds of the sura to be paid by Great
Britain, by virtue of the, said decision aud award,
then the Secretary of the Treasury shall distribute in
ratable proportions among the parties in whose
favor judgments shall have been rendered, or to
their legal representatives, such moneys as shall
have been received into the Treasury in virtue of
this act, according to the proportions which their
respective judgments shall bear to the whole amount
received into the Treasury as aforesaid, deducting,
nevertheless, from each of the said judgments, and
retaining in the Treasury, five per cent, ot the
arnouut of the said judgments respectively, which
payments shall be in full satisfaction and discharge
of such claims and judgments.
Sec. 15. That so soon as the money which has been
awarded by the tribunal of arbitration organized
under the first article of the treaty aforesaid to be
paid by Great Britain to the United States shall have
been paid, the same shall be paid into the Treasury
of the United States, and to the extent that it shall
be necessary to pay the same as herein provided,
shall be reserved as a special fund for the payment
of said judgments and the reimbursement of ex-
penses as is herein expressed; andalter the payment
ot the said judgments and the reimbursement of the
expenses as herein provided, if there shall remain
any part of the said money, the sameshall be carried
to the general funds of the Treasury. And the mon-
eys necessary for the payment of the salaries of the
judges and other officers authorized by this act, and
of the expenses of the said court as hereinbefore
mentioned, are hereby appropriated out of any
moneys in tbe Treasurynot otherwise appropriated.
Sue. 16. That os soon as the business of said court
shail be executed and completed, the records, doc-
uments, and ail other papers in the possession of the
court or its officers shall be deposited in the office of
the Secretary of State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. To perfect the text of
the amendment reported by the committee, I
move in section six, line two, after the word
" Columbia " to insert " or his deputies so
as to read :
That the marshal of the United States for the Difi-
trictof Columbia, or his deputies, shall serve all
process issued by said court, preserve order m the
place of sitting and execute the orders of the said
court.
The amendment to tlie amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move in line twenty-
five of section ten to insert after 'the word
'• the" where it. first occurs, and before the
word " courts," the word " proper so as to
read, "in the proper courts of the United
States for the Territory in which such perjury
shall have been committed," &e.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. After the word "Terri-
tory," in the same line, I move to insert the
words "or District of Columbia;" so as to
read, "in the proper courts of the United
States for the Territory or District of Colum-
bia in which such perjury shall have been com-
mitted," &e. As this is a criminal statute, as
has been suggested by my honorable friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Thurhan',] it is better to
"make assurance double sure" and insert
these words.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know what legal
