1174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
effect it will have, butafterthe word " advant-
ages" in line ten of section twelve there should
be a semicolon instead of a comma, so as to
separate the connection of "profits, freights,
gains or advantages," &c., from " or for
wages of officers and seamen," &c.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Scott
in the chair.) That is a correction of punct-
uation, and will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I suppose
it will be expected that acting for the commit-
tee I shall make a brief statement of the
grounds upon which this bill rests; and I feel
particularly encouraged to do so from the fact
that there is exactly, I will assume, a quorum
present, and all the rest of the Senators have
gone away, [laughter;] and of those martyrs
who are to remain, I assume that nine tenths
will devote theinselves to their own affairs,
which perhaps is the wisest thing they can do
under the circumstances.
But still, Mr. President, this bill presents
questions of very considerable importance, and
questions about which men who are equally
patriotic and equally desirous of maintaining
rhe honor and performing the duties of the
United States differ widely ; so that I shall be
excused perhaps in a very few moments, not
in making a speech, but in stating to such Sen-
ators as are kind enough to listen to me pre-
cisely the grounds upon which this bill rests.
And to begin, it is necessary that we should
understand precisely the state of circumstances
out of which the bill grows; that is to say, we
should know the history, condensed, or the
critical points of the history which gave rise to
these claims.
In the first place, we are to remember that
the destruction of American commerce, for
which we have received this sum of money,
was a belligerent destruction. As the Supreme
Court of the United States has decided, and
as I think rightly, a state of war existed be-
tween the so-called confederates and the Uni-
ted States. Of course, that did not necessarily
imply that as to persons there may not also
have been a state of treason which might sub-
ject individuals to punishment under the muni-
cipal laws of the United States; but that has
no bearing on this question. A3 an aggregate
question, if I may use such a term, a state of
war existed. The destruction of the American
commerce, therefore, followed from that state
of war as a belligerent destruction occurring
between belligerents, and hence, upon the
principles of international law, a lawful de-
struction. That is to say, if the confederates
had been successful as they were unsuccess-
ful, no citizen of the United States, 110 citizen
or subject of any other country whose property
was in an attitude where belligerent rights
might arise against it would have any cause to
complain that his ship was destroyed, his
cargo sent to the bottom, his whole voyage
frustrated, because it is a well understood prin-
ciple of public law that prevails in all civilized
nations that where a state of war exists be-
tween two parties, it is lawful, it is the very
object of war that each party shall be made to
suffer in the persons and in the property of its
respective subjects or citizens. So then, the.
destruction of these ships and vessels of ours,
in respect to which we have obtained this
money in a greater or less degree, was a de-
struction, not by her Majesty's forces, not by
the accidents of warfare, not by a warfare car-
ried ou by Great Britain against some other
Power, we occupying the attitude of a neutral,
but it was accomplished by the belligerent
exercise of the lawful forces of war, in the
public sense in which I am now speaking, of a
belligerent recognized by all the nations of the
world.
The result of that is, of course, that no citi-
zen of the United States had any claim upon
anybody, either his own Government or the
confederate government or the Government
of Great Britain, in respect to any indemnity
whatever, for the Government of her Majesty,
so far as she was responsible at all, was respons-
ible only as an accessory to an act which she
did not commit, but which she aided another
belligerent to commit by supplying that bel-
ligerent with munitions of war and with the
augmentation of force occurring in her ports.
The whole injury, therefore, that was committed
by the confederates through the accession and
assistance of her Majesty's subjects was a
national injury, because, as I have shown and
as all people agree, between two belligerents
every injury that is inflicted upon the people of
the other side is a national injury in respect to
which neither the citizen nor any person for
him is entitled to any redress at all. He is
like the soldier in the skirmish line, or leading
the forlorn hope in a storming party; he hap-
pens to be merely the more exposed point of
the national body proper that happens to re-
ceive the blow, and he only receives it as one
component part of the whole nation, and the
whole nation suffers accordingly.
It is thus obvious, Mr. President, that her
Majesty's Government committed no wrong in
the personal sense against any citizen of the
United States. She did not even issue any
orders whatever for seizure or reprisal or cap
ture. She only, by her negligence or by her
sympathy with the rebellion—and it is not
necessary to decide which—suffered her sub-
jects to be accessories, in the way of furnish-
ing aid and munitions to a belligerent to
augment the power that that belligerent had
to wage war upon us. I suppose nobody will
dispute that proposition; and therefore it is
that this case differs from the ordinary cases
between neutral Powers where undertaking to
exercise rights ou their own account the citizens
of other neutral nations have suffered injury, an
injury which from its very nature they would
be entitled but for certain principles of public
policy to maintain an action for in the courts
of the country that committed the injury. But
in this case the injury, as it respected the
Lairds if you please, who built some of the
vessels for the depredations of which an award
was made, is so very remote, so much more
remote than the consequential injuries of ours
which were disallowed, that no court, no
statesman, no philosopher, no writer, would
think of saying that an American citizen could
have any claim upon the Lairds because they
had built a vessel that augmented the force of
the confederacy, and that that force of the
confederacy was afterward exerted upon the
property of the particular claimant. That
would be out of the question.
Then, as I say, Mr. President, the privity,
as the lawyers would call it, the relation be-
tween the Government of Great Britain and
the citizens of the 'United States whose prop-
erty was destroyed by a confederate cruiser,
and that confederate cruiser had been enabled
to destroy that property from the fact that it
had received a general augmentation of its
force, not to prey upon that particular ship of
our citizen, but to prey upon the commerce of
the United States generally, is not such as
either philosophy or law can recognize as
creating a responsibility on the part of her
Majesty's Government to any citizen of the
United States, aside from any technical diffi-
culties in the way of such a prosecution.
The result of that reasoning, of course, is
that whatever failure in the performance of
duty her Majesty's Government committed
was a national failure, and whatever wrong
she committed upon us as having made her-
self through her subjects the accessory to the
rebellion was a wrong which, as it respected
her obligation and as it respected our rights,
was purely an international one, and that
neither the citizens of the United States nor
the subjects of her Majesty could have any
attitude in such a question other than as the
mere elements (as in all national questions
such elements must exist) which go to make
up the cause of national grief.
Iu this state of the case, the Government of
the United States and its people complained
of her Majesty's Government; not that she bad
destroyed our commerce, not that she had
made an illegal destruction or seizure of our
property, but that she had enabled a beliiger-
ent with whom we were st war to exercise a
greater destructive power upon our property
and upon our citizens than it would have beeu
enabled to exercise but for this augmentation
of its faculties and its functions and its powers
that the subjects of her Majesty, having con-
tributed to it, enabled it to do. That was our
cause of complaint; and, of course, in pre-
senting that cause of complaint it resolved
itself in reaching a sum total, as all totals must
resolve themselves into a variety ot elements,
into a variety of particulars, inasmuch as you
never can have a total of any kind except it
be made up of an aggregate of particulars.
And so it happened that in the presentation
of these claims lists were made out showing that
A and B and C and D had each had his ship and
his cargo destroyed, showing thatE and Fand
G and H had paid such and such insurance
policies, showing that such and such expenses
had been incurred in fitting out of cruisers
to pursue these confederate ships that had,
through the aid of her Majesty's subjects, been
able to augment their destructive power upon
the high seas. We presented these claims,
and then we came to the making of the treaty
under which this award has been made, and
which, of course, must be the guide in determ-
ining what our rights are in respect to this
money.
The framers of the treaty of course were
not ignorant of this state of history; and so
you will find that the treaty itself looks care-
fully, not to the right of any citizen whatever,
not to the payment of any citizen whatever ;
but it looks carefully and exclusively to the
injury that has been done to the nation in the
various respects and details which it has
pointed out as a cause for redress. The
eminent gentlemen upon both sides who
framed this treaty were not ignorant of earlier
history. They were skilled diplomatists.
They were familiar, as we must assume, with
the history of treaties in similar respects;
and being familiar with the history of those
treaties, as I shall show you, instead of follow-
ing the course that treaties have always fol-
lowed without exception, where it was in-
tended that the parties should agree to pay
any private persons anything whatever, they
adopted an entirely different method of treat-
ing and an entirely different method in the
treaty for the adjustment of these claims.
Now, let us look for a moment at some of
the previous treaties for indemnity, as it is
claimed by many that this is a treaty for in-
demnity, and see how widely and how radi-
cally—if I may use such an expression without
offense to my honorable friend from Ohio who
disagrees with me in one point in respect to
this treaty—the earlier treaties, which were
treaties of indemnity for citizens, differ from
this treaty, which was a treaty for indemnity
to the nation.
To begin with, I will refer first to the treaty
with Great Britain of 1794, to be found in the
eighth volume of Statutes-at-Large, page 119.
The sixth article of that treaty is an article
which provides that the United States are to
make compensation to British creditors for
losses occasioned by legal impediments to the
collection of debts contracted before the
peace ; and it goes on to recite that " through
the operations of war"—this, as you will see,
was a case of belligerence too—through the
operations of the war between Great Britain
and the United States, wherein we achieved
our independence, the claims of British
creditors against citizens of theUmttjd States
had become lapsed, destroyed, barred ; and
that as to those which had not become barred,
owing to the revival of them by the u eaty of
peace of 1783, sundry legal impeduneais'had
existed iu the various States against tiieir col-
