212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
in their reply agreed that the first object of the '
negotiation should be the estimation of in-
juries for which either nation might make
claim for itself or for any of its citizens.
It will be seen that France set up two classes
of claims against the United States, one for
depredations upon the commerce of her citizens
by American cruisers, and the other national,
tinder tlie treaty of 1778. She had just claims
for her citizens. Under the acts of Congress
and instructions of the Executive, it was
known that eighty-four French vessels had
been captured, one of which was sunk ; eleven
were restored, because not armed ; sixty-eight,
valued at not less than $(500,000, were con-
demned, one' half to the captors and the other
to the United States, and four public ships
were restored to the French under the subse-
quent convention of 1800. Nor did the agents
of the Government of France fail to remind as
of our duty and delinquency. The French
minister told Mr. Monroe that their Govern-
ment would no longer recognize or receive a
plenipotentiary from the United States until
after a reparation of grievances, and theu, in
cutting language, remarked :
"That the successors of Columbus, Raleigh, and
Peon, always proud of their liberty, will never for-
get. that they owe it to France."
While Mr. Adet, the Freneh plenipotentiary
at Philadelphia, addressed our Government in
language caustic and pointed, saying:
" He claims in the ntime of American honor, in
the name of the fsith of treaties, the execution of
that contract which assured to the United States
their existence, and which France regarded as the
pledge of the most sacred union between two peo-
ples the treest on earth."
And then charged the United States with
sacrificing France to her enemies, forgetting
the services that she had rendered, and throw-
ing aside the duty of gratitude, as if ingrati-
tude were a governmental duty. To estimate
the value of the friendship and services of
France let it be remembered that when she
entered into a treaty to secure our independ-
ence she was at profound peace, and by that
measure, so vitally important to us, she endan-
gered that peace, and ultimately became in-
volved in wars with the great Powers of
Europe.
Our infant Repoblic was almost without a
navy. Her financial affairs were in a most
embarrassing condition. Some of the States
failed to pay their qnota of expenses. Our
cities comparatively small, population not
large, and our country too young and incon-
siderable to have assumed any important
status among the nations of the world. At
this juncture, France, one of the most ancient
and formidable nations, generously, nobly
stepped across the ocean to assist in our ex-
tremity and to make common cause with us
in establishing our independence. The Ameri-
can claims consisted of spoliations upon our
commerce by French ships, as well under
French orders, as before indicated, as for de- .
tention of our merchantmen and the appropria-
tion of their cargoes; also, for detention at
Bordeanx of many of our ship* for a year
under an embargo. That our commerce had
unjustly suffered extensively under the retal-
iatory systems of the governments of France
and her enemies, was too obvious to be ques-
tioned. France did not dispute it, but pre- ;
sen ted counter claims of a national character,
growing out of treaty stipulations, as I have ,
before stated. I
The treaty of 1800 made no provision for i
the payment of indemnities. The treaty of j
1803, for the purchase of Louisiana, in its ninth !
article provided for the payment of debts due
by the French republic to citizens of the Uni-
ted States prior to the 30th September, 1800;
these were debts for property, due by the Gov-
ernment, and for captures of a specified char-
acter. Whenever our ministers would en-
deavor to have justice done to our citizens for
spoliations upon their commerce, they were
met by an offset of the claims of France against
our country for non-performance of its treaty
obligations, and it became apparent to the
American negotiators that they would have to
recognize the legitimacy of the French set-off,
or abandon entirely the righteous demands of
our own citizens. Napoleon, then first con-
sul, had returned from his Italian campaign,
young, ardent, victorious. His prowess and
his fame dazzled the imagination, and elicited
the admiration of the world; his signal and
unexampled success had given an tclat to his
name and a glory to the arms of France which
commanded the respect of the nations. Though
immersed in arms, yet his wonderful genius
comprehended the civil affairs of his country
and the impress of his great mind was felt in
its administration.
In August, 1800, fresh instructions were
given to the French embassadors, who pro-
ceeded to declare that "the treaties which
united France and the United States are not
broken, and that their first proposition is to
stipulate a full and entire recognition of the
treaties and the reciprocal engagements of
compensation for damages resulting on both
sides from their infractions." The treaties
are here referred to as existing, and compen-
sation for infractions of them are presented as
just claims on the part of France. On the
4th September, 1800, the fallowing communi-
cation, in writing, for a settlementof all exist
ing difficulties, was made by Napoleon and the
plenipotentiaries of France:
To the Minister* Plenipotentiary of the
United States at Pari* :
We shall have the right to take our priies into
the ports of America.
A commission shall regulate the indemnities which
either of the two nations may owe to the citizens of
the other. The indemnities which shall be due by
France to the citizens of the United States shall be
paid by the United States ; and in return for which
France yields the exclusive privilege resulting from
the seventeenth and twenty-second articles of the
treaty of commerce, and from the rights of guaran-
tee of the eleventh article of the treaty of alliance.
BONAPARTE,
C. P. CLARET FLEURIEN,
RODERER.
Here was a direct offer on the part of
France to release the important advantages
secured to her by the treaty of 1778 and the
1 guarantee by our Government of the West
Indies. It recognizes the existence of the
American claims, and proposes that the Uni-
ted States shall pay them, in consideration of
the release from certain high obligations.
The wars in which France had been engaged
j had deranged her finances. She was without
the means of liquidating the claims of our citi-
zens in money, and her ministers declared as
a reason for not negotiating for the payment
of money the situation in which the war had
left her. They insisted that a provision to pay
indemnities admitted the existence of the
treaties, and that a relinquishment of the
advantages and privileges contained in the
treaties would prove to be to both nations the
most advantageous and honorable. The Amer-
ican plenipotentiaries at the time declined the
! French proposition, but subsequently, on the
30th September, 1800, the parties entered into
! a convention, by the third article of which the
public ships which had been taken on one part
and the other, or which might be taken before
the exchangeof ratifications, should be restored.
The fourth article provided that property cap-
tured and not then definitely condemned, or
which might be captured before the exchange
of ratifications, (contraband goods destined to
an enemy's port excepted,) should be mutually
restored. By thefifth article, before alluded to,
the debts contracted by one of the two nations
with individuals of the other, or by the indi-
viduals of one with the individuals of the
other, should be paid, or the payment might
be prosecuted in the same manner as if there
had been no misunderstanding between the
two States. " But this clause should not ex-
tend to indemnities claimed on account of
captures or confiscation." The second article
clearly shows that the claim for indemnities
was postponed for future adjudication. By
another convention between the parties, of the
same date, it was provided in article one that:
" The debts due by France to citizens of the United
States contracted before the 8th of Vendemiaire,
ninth year of the Frenoh republic, (30th September,
1800,) shall be paid aocording to the following regu-
lations, with interest at six per cent., to commence
from the period when the accounts and vouchers
were presented to the French Government."
The debts referred to in this article were
stated to be for "supplies, for embargoes and
prizes made at sea, in which the appeal has
been properly lodged within the time men-
tioned in the said convention, 8th Vende-
miaire, ninth year," (30th September, 1800.)
In the next article the captures referred to are
stated to be of such as the council of prizes
have ordered restitution ; so that it is mani-
fest what debts are embraced. It seemed to
be the purpose of the two Governments to ad-
just all the differences they could, thus reduc-
ing the list of open and unsettled questions
of controversy, in the hope that time, com-
merce, and the friendly interchanges of comity
and good feeling might gradually prepare the
way for an amicable and satisfactory arrange-
ment of the whole. The second article of that,
treaty, as agreed toby the plenipotentiaries of
the two Governments, reads as follows:
" The ministers plenipotentiary of the two parties
not being able to agree at present respecting the
treaty of alliance of 6th of February, 1778, the treaty
of amity and commerce of the same date, and the
convention of 14th of November, 1788, nor upon
the indemnities mutually due or claimed, the par-
ties will negotiate further on these subjects at a con-
venient time; and until they may have agreed upon
these points the said treaties and convention shall
have no operation, and the relations of the two
countries shall be regulated as follows."
Then follows the third section, which has
' been quoted, and other sections. This treaty
was submitted to the Senate of the United
States for ratification, and that body struck out
the said second article and inserted the
following:
" It is agreed that the present convention shall be
in force for the term of eight years from the time of
I the exchange of ratifications."
And in that form ratified the treaty. When
the treaty, thus mutilated and amended, was
presented to the French Government for con-
firmation, Bonaparte, then its head, added the
following:
" The Government of the United States having
added in its ratification that the convention should
be in force for the space of eight years, and having
omitted the second article, the Government of the
French republic consents to accept,ratify, and con-
firm the above convention, with the addition im-
porting that the convention shall be in force for the
' space of eight years, and with the retrenchment of
the second article: Provided, That by this retrench-
ment the two States renounce the respective pre-
tentions which are the objects of the said article."
The ratification by the United States was on
the 3d of February, 1801, and by Bonaparte,
, Talleyrand, and Marat, for the French repub-
i lie, on the 31st of July, 1801. The ratifica-
tions being exchanged at Paris on the 31st
July, 1801, were submitted to the Senate of
the United States, and the Senate, on the 19th
December, 1801—
"Resolved, That they considered the said conven-
tion as fully ratified, and returned the same to the
President for the usual promulgation."
Whereupon the President, (Mr. Jefferson,)
on the 21st of December 1801, proclaimed tbe
said treaty, and said :
" I do hereby enjoin and require all persons bear-
ing office, civil ormilitary, within the United States,
and all others, citizens or inhabitants thereof, or
being within the same, faithfully to observe and
fulfill the said convention, and every clause and
article thereof."
Thus was terminated a controversy which
had threatened to disturb the amicable rela-
tions of the two countries, and placed peace on
a firm basis ; one party had surrendered his
treaty demands and pledged guarantees by
us, and the other gave up and relinquished
the just claims of its citizens to indemnity for
spoliations upon their commerce. The consid-
eration was fair, mutual, and just, alike honor-
able to two nations which had been so closely
