1176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Said inscription or inscriptions shall be issued in
conformity with the model of form annexed to this
convention, and shall be delivered in Madrid to
such person or persons as may be authorized by the
Government of the United States to receive them.''
Then it goes on to provide for the distribu-
  tion of the money in payment to the citizens
of the United States under the claims of the
previous treaty in satisfaction of the injuries
that had been committed against them by the
Government of Spain.
The next is the treaty with Mexico of 1848,
(vol. 9, p. 933.) By the treaty with Mexico of
1849,- article thirteen—
"The United States engage, moreover, to assume
and pay to the claimants all the amounts now due
.them, and those hereafter to become due, by reason
ot the claims already liuuidated and decided against
the Mexican republic, under the conventions be-
tween the two republics severally concluded on the
11th day of April, 1839, and on the 30th day of Jan-
uary, 1843; so that the Mexican republic shall be ab-
. solutely exempt, for the future, from all expense
whatever, on account of the said claims.''
By the fourteenth article—
"The United States do furthermore discharge tho
Mexican republic from ail claims of citizens of the
United iStates, not heretofore decided against the
Mexican Government, which may have arisen pre-
viously to the date of the signaturo of this treaty."
Then by the fifteenth article—
"The United States, exonerating Mexico from all
demands on account of the claims of their citizens
mentioned in the preceding article, and considering
thein entirely and forever canceled, whatever their
amount may be, undertake to make satisfaction for
the same, to an amount not exooeding $3,250,000."
And then it provides how the validity of the
claims shall be ascertained, and the persons
to whom they shall be paid. And by the
Mexican treaty of 1868, again, (to be found
in the fifteenth volume of the Statutes, page
679,) there is a similar provision for the pay-
ment of the claims of citizens in terms made
upon one country and the other, and to be
settled by a commission.
Now, as I have said, going over this dry
detail of history as to treaties, all these trea-
ties we must assume were perfectly fresh in
the minds of the high commission, as it was
called, that made this treaty of Washington in
the year 1871. They therefore understood
that the unvarying course of historic prece-
dent was that wheie reclamations were to be
allowed to citizens and not to nations, special
and distinct provision was made for it in the
treaty itself. With that before their eyes what
did they do ? Let us see.
On the 8th of May, 1871, they made this
treaty, which departed entirely from the pre-
cedents to which 1 have referred where nations
were undertaking to deal for the interest of
the citizen and were undertaking to make
reclamation and compensation -to the citizen
for injuries that the other nation had com-
mitted, and set sail upon the broad sea of
purely international obligation ; and they did
it for the obvious reason that flows from what
I stated in the outset, that the injuries for
which Great Britain was bound to make com-
pensation, if she was bound to make it at all,
were injuries to which she was not a direct
party but an accessory .only, and that the
injuries themselves were belligerent injuries
committed lawfully against our commerce and
our citizens under the principles of public
law by a belligerent with whom we were at
war. And therefore, as they all understood,
there was no ground whatever upon which we
could assert in the name of any private citi-
zen or in behalf of any private citizen or for
any private purpose whatever, any claim at all,
because the destruction of a ship upon the high
seas by the Alabama, although Great Britain j
had augmented her force, hadlaid her keel, and I
supplied her guns, was, upon the principles ;
of public law—and public law ot coarse was i
tho only law that could prevail between us '
and her Majesty's Government—a perfectly
lawful procedure. In other words, upon the
principles of public law the destruction of an
American vessel by the Alabama was a per
fectly proper and lawful thing to do, because
war existed. I am now only looking to the
public side of the question; I am not saying
whether an individual southerner may or may
not be tried for treason ; that is entirely apart
from this question. On the principles of pub-
lic law. whatever injury one nation in a state
of war or one belligerent, whether a nation or
not, one party recognized by the nations of
of the earth as a belligerent, may commit
upon the other ; is perfectly fair play; and
therefore the citizen who as one part of the na-
tion suffers stands, as 1 have said, precisely as
the soldier does who may suffer more than his
fellow-soldier because he happens to be in the
skirmish line, or in the forlorn hope, while
his fellow-soldier is holding a position in the
interior of the country.
So that, as I say, Mr. President, these gen-
tlemen not unskilled in diplomacy, not ignor-
ant, of history, came to consider this question
as it must be considered as solely an inter
national question, in respect of which no right,
no injury of a citizen had any place whatever
other than as the simple element which, with
others, went to make up the national question
as a part goes to make up the whole: What
did they do? They provided in the first arti-
cle thus:
"Whereas differences have arisen between the
Government of the United States and the Govern-
ment of her Britannic Majesty, and still exist,
growing out of the acts committed by the several
vessels which have given rise to the claims gener-
ically known as the Alabama claims."
You will observe the wide departure in this
language from that which had existed in other
and prior treaties with her Majesty, where it
was the intention that the claim of the citizen
should be recognized and that indemnity should
be made to the citizen, and the wide departure
that was taken from all this prior history of
treaties, where the seizure or the destruction
committed by the party who was to pay for it
had been, not a belligerent seizure or destruc-
tion, but only the accidental or incidental in-
jury committed against a neutral nation by
a belligerent in her efforts to carry on war
against a nation with which she was in a state
of belligerency. So they say, not that
"whereas differences have arisen in respect
to claims of citizens of the United States
for illegal seizures or captures made under
the authority or by the assistance of her
Majesty's Government,'' but, on the other
haud, that differences have arioen between
the two Governments in lespect to the acts, [
not of her Majesty's cruisers, but in respect
to the acts of belligerent confederate cruisers
carrying on war, lawful war, upon principles of
public law, against the whole body of the
United States. Then when we come to the
seventh article, to condense this as much
as possible, after having declared in article six
what are the duties ot neutral nations, we find
this guide to the action of the tribunal:
"The said tribunal shall first determine as to each
vessel —
not as to each citizen—
separately, whether Great Britain has by any act
or omission failed to fulfill any of the duties set forth
in.the foregoing three rules, or recognized by the
principles of international law.notinconsistentwith
such rules, and shall certify such fact as to each of
the said vessels. In case the tribunal find that
Great Britain has failed to fulfill any duty or duties
as aforesaid, it may, if it think proper, proceed to
award a sum in gross, to be paid by Great Britain to
the united States, for all the claims referred to it*
and ill such case the gross sum so awarded shall be
paid m com by the Government of Great Biitain to
the Government of the United States, at Washing-
ton, within twelve months after the date of the
award."
That is the seventh article. There is no
reference whatever to any claim of a citizen,
no reference whatever to any right of a citizen,
and, as 1 have said, for the obvious reason
that the nature of the case was such that no
citizen had any right, the nature of the case
was such that as to a citizen her Majesty's Gov-
ernment had not committed any wioug what-
ever. No sailor of hers, no gun of hers, in the
national sense, no ship of hers, had made a
seizure, legal or illegal, right or wrong, of any
vessel or any property of any citizen of the
United States. She had only by a general
contribution, and not for the purpose of mak-
ing war upon us, strengthened the hands of
the belligerent with whom we were at war, and
thereby augmented the capacity for destruction
that that belligerent had attained j and so it
was necessary that we should look to her in
the national sense alone ; so it was necessary
that she should respond to us, if she were
bound to respond at all, in the national sense
alone.
Now we come to the tenth article, which
provided that in case the tribunal finds that
Great Britain has failed to fulfill her duties,
and the tribunal does not award a sum in
gross, a board of assessors shall be appointed
wh  shall determine upon each head of the
respective claims. It does not provide that
that board of assessors shall determine 111 favor
of citizens and make awards to citizens ; but,
quite the reverse, it provides as follows upon
that head: they shall " ascertain and determine
what claims are valid"—not what citizens are
entitled—and " what amount or amounts shall
be paid by Great Britain to the United States
on account of the liability''—not on account of
the citizen, &s the other treaties had provided,
but " on account of the liability arising from
such failure, as to each vessel, according to
the extent of such liability as decided by the
arbitrators." Then it goes on to provide that
the sum allowed finally shall be paid by one
Government to the other, not, as is stated "in the
former treaties, for the benefit of the citizens
whose particular property may have been de-
stroyed. but simply paid from one Government
to the other.
Now, Mr. President, to go a step further, in
order to show, as it seems to me conclusively,
the true construction of this treaty as a national
one, and not as a treaty of indemniiy to citi-
zens, we only have to look to article twelve,
which turns to an entirely different class
of cases, and does undertake to provide for
the respective claims of the subjects of her
Majesty and of the citizens of the United
States upon the respective Governments, and
it begins thus: after having, with the light of
these previous treaties before it, adopted this
national language, it now turns to these ancient
treaties as the model for what it proposes to
do otherwise, and further than to provide for
what was national, and declares:
"Art. XII. The high contracting parties agree
that all claims on the part of corporations, com-
panies, or private individuals, citizens ot the United
States, upon the Government of her Britannic
Majesty, arising out of acts committed against the
persons or property of citizens of tho United States
during the period between the 13th of April, 1861,
and the 9th of April, I860, inclusive, not being
claims growing out of the acts of the vessels referred
to in article one of this treaty, and all claims, with
the like exception, 011 the part of corporations, com-
panies, or private individuals, subjects of her Bri-
tannic Majesty,upon the Government of tho United
States, arising out of acts committed against tho
persons or property of subjects of her JBntanmc
Majesty during the same period, which may have
been presented to either Government for its inter-
position with the other"—
Mark the words, ''for its interposition with
the other"—
" and which yet remain unsettled, as well as any
other such claims which may be presented withm
the time specified in article fourteen of this treaty,
shall be referred to throe commissioners, to be
appointed in the following manner; thatis to say"—
It is unnecessary to read how they are to be
appointed. Now, what are their duties?
"The commissioners shall then forthwith proceed
to the investigation of the claims which shall he
presented to them. They shall investigate and decide
such claims in such order and such manner as they
may think proper, butupon such cvidenceorinform-
ation only as shall be furnished by or on behalf of
the respective Governments. They shall be bound
to receive and consider all written documents or
statements wnich maybe presented to them by or
on bell air of the respective Governments m support
of or m answer to any claim, and to hear, if required
one person on each side on behalf of each Govern-
ment, as counsel or agent for such Government on
each and every separate claim. A majority of'tho
commissioners shall be sufficient for an awurd in
each case. The award shall be given upon each
claim in writing, and shall be signed by the com-
