1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
allied in the struggles of the Revolution, and
who had fought and bled together to secure
the sovereignty and nationality of the United
States. It was a grand spectacle and a sublime
> vent, which added brighter luster to the justice
:i'nl magnanimity of both than the noise of
turtle and the triumph of arms. The victories
i t' peace, of negotiation, are more grand and
^'.orious than the discomfiture of armies and
the renown of the warrior. The chaplet of
peace i> more beautiful than the wreath which
iecks the brow of the conqueror.
After the convention had been signed, when
the American uiiuisters and American citizens,
wi;h ih.-tinguished French plenipotentiaries,
>M<i gathered to celebrate on a festive occasion
:.e adjustment just made, the first consul pro
I as a toast "the names of the French
.r.d the Americans who died on the field of
i utile for the independence of the New World."
Xaeoleon. whose name and heroic deeds had
challenged the attention of kings and empe-
lors, atid ihe astonishment and admiration of
the world, who was destined to fill the historic
page with the splendor of his achievements,
the renown of his triumphs, and the brilliancy
of his conquests, thus pronounced his estimate
ot his country's services to our young Republic.
The effect of this release by the United
States Government of the claims of her citizens
against France was to substitute our own
Government for hers. The latter released
her national claims against the United States,
and the United States released the claims of
her citizens upon the French Government.
A nation is bouud to protect the rights and
demands nfits people against a foreign Power.
C: t/ens <-f the United States, though injured
bv France, could seek indemnity only through
th. ir Government. Citizens deal with citizens
or subjects, but nations with nations. The
citizens of the United States could not make
reprisals against a Government with which
w e were at peace without involving their coun-
try in war or subjecting themselves to the
severest penalties. The Government of the
Fnited States had encouraged its people to
• •iiiage in commerce, promising them protec-
tion ; but without such promise or encourage-
ment the Government, which is the natural
protector of its citizens, is bound to that im-
perative duty. If a Government shall, for a
consideration, release the just claims of its
citizens against a foreign Power, by treaty stip-
ulation, the Power thus compromising such
claims becomes responsible to those whose
interests have thus been disposed of. This
was understood by our Government before the
arrangement was made with France, and it was
a powerful motive in its repeated and strenuous
efforts to induce that country to make indem-
nity.
In 1797, Messrs. Pinckney, Marshall, and
Gerry, the American plenipotentiaries, stated
to Mr. Bellamy that our vessels which were
captured by the French had not what the lat-
ter called a role d'Equipage; and that if our
Government were to surrenderall the property
captured under such circumstances, it would
be responsible to our citizens for the property
so surrendered, as the treaty with France did
not require such an instrument to be kept on
board. It is a constitutional provision that
" private property shall not be taken for pub-
lic use without just compensation." This, of
itself would make our country liable to the
owners, whose claims to compensation for
property taken was substituted for the prop-
erty, and these claims which represented the
property illegally captured were used by the
Government of the United States as the rep-
resentative of value in procuring a release
from the most onerous obligations to France,
arising out of the treaty of 1778, which bound
us to the performance of acts which would
have embroiled us in a war with England. The
consideration received by as was ofthe highest
and most stupendous importance. The con-
sideration received by France was the value
of her obligations to pay our citizens a sum
estimated at $12,000,000 ; but independent
of the constitutional clause to pay a just
equivalent for property used, our Govern-
ment would, by all the principles of justice
and equity, have been bound to provide pay-
ment to those who were injured, and the
redress for which devolved upon it.
The Government is the guardiau of the in-
terests of its citizens ; they are a trust com-
mitted to its keeping, as much so as the per-
sons of the citizens themselves, when beyond
the limits of the country, to its protection. If
the property of its wards or cestuy que trusts
are used, exchanged, or destroyed by the trus-
tee, he is responsible by all the laws of right,
of equity, and of honor ; that which would be
legal and right between individuals, becomes
more strongly so when applied to a Govern-
ment and its citizens. It is the latter which,
by taxation and arms, preserves and defends
the former; life is sacrificed for its defense,
and for which property must be secured and
protected. The law of nations is in harmony
with that of States and of reason. Upon this
subject, Vattel says:
" The necessity of making peace, authorizes the
sovereign to dispose ofthe property of individuals;
and the eminent domain gives him right to do it.
He may even to a certain degree dispose of their
persons, by virtue of the power which he has over
all his subjects, But as it is for the public advan-
tage that he thus disposes of them, the State is
bound to indemnify the citizens who are sufferers by
the transaction."
If this duty attaches to Governments of
kings aad emperors, how much higher and
stronger is it, where the people are the source
of all power, and in whom the ultimate sover-
eignty dwells ? They instituted and they sus-
tain government for the advantages derived to
their persons, liberty, property, and pursuit
of happiness. Mr. Pickering, who had been
Secretary of State under Presidents Washing-
ton and Adams, in a letter dated in 1824,
said:
" The relinquishment by our Government having
been made in consideration that the French Govern-
ment relinquished its demands for a renewal of the
old treaties, then it seems clear that, as our Govern-
ment applied the merchant's property to buy off
those old treaties, the gums so applied should be re-
imbursed."
Chief Justice Marshall said "he was from
his knowledge satisfied that there was the
strongest obligation on the Government to
compensate the sufferers by the French spolia-
tion."
Mr. Madison in 1804 wrote :
" The claims from which France was released, were
admitted by her, and the release was for a valuable
consideration in a correspondent release of the Uni-
ted States for certain claims on them."
Mr. Clay, when Secretary of State, wrote:
" Whatever obligation or indemnities from those
sources either party had a right to demand were
respectively waived and abandoned, and the con-
sideration which induced one party to renounce hiB
pretentions was that of the renunciation by the
other party of his pretensions."
And that the Senate, to whom his report was
made, was competent todeterminehow far the
appropriation of the indemnities due to Amer-
ican citizens "was a public use of private
property within the spirit of the Constitution,
and whether equitable considerations do not
require some compensation to be made to the
claimants," Edward Livingston, one of the
most eminent statesman of his day, in a report
made to the Senate upon these claims, con-
cluded it in most nervous language, as follows :
"The committee think it sufficiently shown that the
claim for indemnities was surrendered as an equiv-
alent for the discharge of the United States from its
heavy national obligations and for the damages that
were due for their preceding non-performance of
them. If go, can there be a doubt, independent
of the constitutional provision, that the sufferers are
entitled to indemnity ? Under that provision is not
the right converted into one that we are under the
most solemn obligations to satisfy ? To lessen the
public expenditure is a great legislative duty; to
lessen itat the expense of justice, public faith, and
constitutional right would be a crime."
To claims thus fortified by public law, con-
stitutional guarantee, the laws of equity, of
reason, and of duty, and by the opinions of
the most illustrious of our statesmen, what
reasonable objections can be made to their
payment ?
The first objection was that war existed
between the United States and France, which
suspended all treaties between the two Powers,
and consequently, these claims being absorbed
in the war, our Government is not responsible
to the claimants, they having to bear the ills
and consequences of war as others do who
may be injured in their property or rights.
But I have already endeavored to demonstrate
that war did not exist. It was only a prepar
ation for hostilities which I have endeavored
to describe. Congress alone has the power
" to declare war, grant letters of marque atid
reprisal, and make rules concerning captures
on land and water." It is manifest that no
declaration of war was made by Congress.
There may have been just cause of war against
France, but assailed as she was, on every side,
our country could not forget the highly valu-
able services of France during our struggle
for national existence, probably essential to
the maintenance of our cause, and of the
obligations of gratitude to our noble benefac-
tors. While our Government was bound to
protect the property of its citizens it did not
desire to enter into war with a nation that had
been our best friend and ally in years of dark-.
ness and of gloom. Forbearance was a vir-
tue practiced longer toward France in consid-
eration of our former relations and the aid she
had rendered than would have been tolerated
toward any other country.
To avoid actual war and to let France know
that our commerce was not to be obstructed,
our ships captured, and their cargoes appro-
priated to her uses, Congress, in 1798, passed
an act which, after reciting that '' armed ves-
sels of France had committed depredations
on the commerce ofthe United States, and had
recently captured the vessels and property of
the citizens thereof on and near the coast,"
authorized the seizure of any such armed
vessel. Another act, pissed at the same time,
authorized the raising of a provisional army
"in the event of a declaration of war or of
actual invasion of our territory by a foreign
Power, or of imminent danger of such invasion
discovered before the next session of Con-
gress."
The act of June, 1798, authorized "our
merchant vessels to subdue and capture any
French armed vessel from which an assault
or other hostility should be first made." The
act of July, 1798, declared the treaties no
longer obligatory, as I have stated. But if
actual war existed, that would have suspended
the treaties, and the declaration by Congress
that they were not obligatory was superfluous,
and had no meaning except to show that while
we were at peace we were preparing for hos-
tilities. War is said to be " indiscriminate
hostility between the subjects of belligerent
Powers." Worcester defines it to be "a hos-
tile contest at arms between nations; hostil-
ities; fighting;" and hence the granting of
letters of marque and reprisal, being limited
and designed for a special purpose, is not con-
sidered to be war. The convention of 1800
was limited to eight years, and was not there-
fore considered in the nature of a treaty of
peace, which is perpetual. If that were a
treaty of peace, after the expiration of the
eight years we should have been in a quasi
war with France, which no one has ever
asserted.
Mr. Madison, when Secretary of State in
1804, in a dispatch to our minister, Mr. Pinck-
ney, who was negotiating with Spain for in-
demnity for injuries to oor commerce by
Frenchmen under Spanish authority, wrote:
" The claims from which France was released were
admitted by France, and the release was for a valu-
able consideration in a correspondent release of the
United States from certain claims on them. The
