214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
claims we make on Spain were never admitted by
Franoe, nor made on France by the United States;
they made thereforo no part of the bargain with her
and could not be included in the release."
Daniel Webster, in 183-5, in commenting
upou these in.-tructions of Mr. Madison said:
"Certainly, words could not have been used which
should more clearly affirm that these individual
claims, these private rights of property had been
applied to public uses."
Edward Everett, in a report in 1835 upon
this subject, after advocating the payment of
these claims by our Government, said:
"From the beginning to the end of the negotia-
tions Franoe admitted the general justice of the
claims, and professed ber readiness to make indem-
nity to our citizens. This the American Govern-
ment declined to accept, because the French coupled
with it the demand for the restoration of the treaties,
| thinking it had.' in the language of our Envoy, 'to
indemnify for violating engagements, unless they
o n thereby be restored to the benefit of them.'"
Mr. Everett proceeds:
"Our Government attempted to buy off the obli-
gation of these treaties by repeated offers of large
sums of money. It was unquestionably a political
ohject of the highest importance to be relieved from
them. This object was effected solely by the renun-
ciation of the claims."
He further said:
"What man of discernment could have said in
1800 that theelaim for an American ship, condemned
for want of r6led'(quipage, in 1797 was worthless; but
a claim for detention in the embargo at Bordeaux, in
17W, was good ? And yet in 1803 the embargo cases
were paid, principal and interest, under the Louis-
iana convention, and the role d'iiptipage cases are
not yet paid."
Mr. Everett in his report asserted :
" There is no such broad principle of public law
as that war extinguishes all preexisting claims on
the Government against which the war is waged.
This depends on the character and success of the
war and the terms of peace. If the war is success-
ful, the claim, instead of being destroyed by it, is
paid. The only principle on which war is ever an
extinguisher of claims is this: that the claimant is
supposed to have an opportunity by seizing the
property of the enemy to indemnify himself. The
Government authorizes him to capture the property
of the enemy wherever he can find it on the high
seas, and extends to him the protection of the navy
of the country in pursuing the work of his private !
indemnification." j
It is obvious that no such condition of things
existed between our country and France, and
our treaty referred to these claims as a con-
sideration for a release from treaty obligations.
Mr. Webster in a debate on this subject said,
(fourth volume of his works:)
"In 1798, 1799, and 1800 acts of Congress were
passed suspending the commerce between the Uni-
ted States and France, each for one year. Did any
Government eTer pass a law of temporary non-inter-
course with a public enemy? Such a law would be
little less than an absurdity. War itself effectually
creates non-intercourse. The mere fact of war can
never extinguish any claim. I think it is clear that
whatever misunderstandin g existed between the Uni-
ted States and France, it did not amount at any time
to open and public war. These claims were relin-
quished or extinguished by the amendment of the
convention and its ratification as amended."
But as a conclusive view of this subject, and
to show that the Government of the United !
States did not consider that war had existed,
I refer to the instructions given by it to Messrs.
Ellsworth, Davi«*, and Murray, our ministers
to negotiate with France in reference to these
claims. After enumerating the wrongs inflicted
upon our commerce, the instructions say:
" This conduct of the French republic wonld well
nave justified an ^immediate declaration of war on
the part ot the United States; but desirous of main-
taining peace, and still willing to leave open the
door of reconciliation with France, the United States
contented themselves with preparing for defense,
and measures calculatcd to defend her commerce."
Thus in the view of our own Government a
state of war had not existed ; and at the time
of the issuing of those instructions nearly all
the depredations upon our commerce had been
committed. The plenipotentiaries of France,
in August, 1800, in a communication to the
American plenipotentiaries, declared that— *
" The state of misunderstanding which had existed
for some time between France and the United States
by the acts of some agents, rather than the will of
the respective Governments, has not been a state of
war, at least on the side of France."
In 1798, Talleyrand, the minister of foreign
relations of France, as I have before stated,
wrote:
" France has a double motive, as a nation and as a
republic, not to expose to any haiard the present
existence of the United States. Therefore, it never
thought of making war against them, and every
contrary supposition is an insult to oommon sense.
It will thus be seen that in the sense and
understanding of both Governments neither
had been engaged in actual war with the other.
The proviso added by Bonaparte to the con-
vention would have been unnecessary if war
would have effected what his writing declared.
Napoleon, at St. Helena, as I have already
said, spoke of the convention or treaty as hav-
ing annulled the just claims which America
might have made Kir injuries done in time of
peace. Our subsequent negotiations with that
Government looked back of the act of Con-
gress of 1798 recognizing the existence of the
wrongs done, and not in the sense that an
alleged war had canceled all obligations.
In the treaty with Great Britain of 1783 the
right to the people of the United States was
secured to take fish of every kind on the Grand
Bank, and in all otherparts of Newfoundland ;
also in the Gulf of St. Lawrence, and all other
places in the sea where the inhabitants of both
countries used at any time to fish. When the
treaty of peace of December, 1814, between
Great Britain and the United States was about
to be made, the commissioners of the former
contended that the war of 1812 had canceled
the treaty of 1783, and with it the right to the
fisheries. This position was strongly contro-
verted by the commissioners of our country,
thus declaring their opinion that even actual
war did not in all cases extinguish every right
secured by former treaties. The damages
done to our shipping interest by the Bermuda
embargo in 1794 was not considered as extin-
guished by the preparation for war, nor by the
act of Congress of 1798 attempting to repeal
the treaties with France ; for, in a treaty made
with her in 1803, ample provision was made
for the payment of such claims.
Another objection was that these claims
were included in the convention of 1803 for
the purchase of Louisiana. I have already
stated the character of the debts due by France
to citizens of the United States, and it is very
clear that they were not such claims as arose
for spoliations upon our commerce now under
consideration ; they were entirely of a different
nature. The debts provided for in the Louis-
iana treaty were to be paid by the United
States, in addition to the sixty million francs
for the purchase, under a commission to be
appointed by the United States ; that commis-
sion was appointed, which excluded the claims
now preferred, as not coming within the pro-
visions of that treaty. The fifth article of the
treaty expressly declares that "it does not
comprehend prizes whose condemnation has
been or shall be confirmed." The prizes
spoken of are the very American ships which
had been captured and condemned under
French regulations, for which indemnity had
been so long sought, and which had been bar-
gained away by our Government in the treaty
of 1800 for the release by France of our obli-
gations under the treaty of 1778. It is evident
that these claims were not embraced by bat
were excluded from the treaty of 1803.
The third objection is that they were em-
braced in our treaty with France in 1831, nego-
tiated during the administration of President
Jackson. Since 1803 new demands had arisen
against France for depredations upon commer-
cial interests. She had passed through many
wars, and during their continuance our com-
merce suffered considerably. Frequent de-
mands had been made upon her, and President
Jackson threatened reprisals. Nations, unlike
individuals, progress slowly in adjusting diffi-
culties ; but a treaty was concluded on the 4th
of July, 1831, by W. C. Rives, our minister at
Paris, with the French Government, by which
France was to pay twenty-five million francs
in full of all claims and indemnities for spolia-
tions upon our ships and cargoes, subject to a
deduction of one million five hundred thou-
sand francs for injuries to French commerce.
Mr. Rives understood that the treaty em-
braced only claims arising since the treaty of
1803 ; but so anxious were the claimants for
injuries prior to 1800 that one hundred and
five claims were filed before the commission-
ers appointed to distribute the money recov-
ered from France. They were all rejected as
not coming under the provisions of the treaty.
On the claim marked "Caroline, captured
February 10,1798," was entered " rejected, the
vessel having been captured before the 30th
September, 1800." A similar entry wns made
on the Orlando, and the residue, for the sake
of brevity, were indorsed "rejected." The
allowances were principally for captures under
the Milan and Berlin decrees, and two others,
all subsequent to the Louisiana treaty. It is
therefore palpable that the claims now urged
were not covered by the treaty of 1831, but if
they had been, and the Government erroneously
excluded them from any proportionate dis-
tribution of the fund, it would still be liable,
for no Government can take advantage of its
own wrong.
I have already examined the question that
the attempt to annul the treaty with France by
Congress had no effect upon these claims, be-
cause when nations are not bound by treaties
they are bound by the laws of nations, and are
answerable for its violation. If the United
States could have set aside the treaty with
France it would only have released each nation
i from its treaty stipulations, leaving them to be
i governed by the law which, by universal con-
' sent and acquiescence, the nations of the world
have formed into a code. France having
transgressed this law became answerable to us
for the injury inflicted. If she refused to pay war
j might ensue. Our country, though not bound
, j to go to war on all occasions, as war is a ca
|j lamity, yet she had the option to do so in that
i event or to make reprisals; but France in her
convention or treaty of 1800, and our country, •
did not look upon the treaty as suspended, but I
treated on the basis of its existence and force,
and by presenting counter claims to ours.
Under the treaty a seUlement by way of set-
off was effected. Mr. Jefferson's opinion was
that " stipulations by treaty are forever irre-
vocable but by joint consent, let a change of
circumstances render them ever so burden-
some," (Wait's State papers.) And in Mar-
shall's Life of Washington it is approvingly
quoted by the historian that '' a treaty not only
repeals past laws, but cannot itself be repealed
by future ones."
Chief Justice Jay, who negotiated the treaty
of 1794 with England, wrote the sixty-fourth
number of the Federalist, which is devoted
to the consideration of the subject of the
treaty-making power of the Constitution. In
explaining ana defending the power, and in
response to objections urged by others, he
wrote:
" Others, though content that treaties should be
made in the mode proposed, are averse to their
being the supreme law of the land. They insist, and
profess to believe, that treaties, like acts of assem-
bly, should be repealable at pleasure. This idea
seems to be new and peculiar to this country: but
errors as well as new truths often appear. These
gentlemen would do well to reflect that a treaty is
only another name for a bargain, and that it would
be impossible to find a nation who would make any
bargain with us which should be binding on them
absolutely, but on us only so long and so far as we
may think proper to be bound by it. They who
make laws may without doubt amend or repeal them,
and it will not be disputed that they who make
treaties may alter or canoel them; but still )et|us not
forget that treaties are made, not by one only of the
contracting parties, but by both, and consequently
that as the consent of both was essential to their
formation at first, so must it ever afterward be to
alter or canoel them. The proposed Constitution,
therefore, has not in the least extended the obliga-
tion of treaties. They are just as binding and just
as far beyond the lawful reach of legislative acts
now as they will be at any future period, or under
any form of government."
