1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1179
show you what was the form of this thing.
Let me take this case 
Mr. EDMUNDS. What do you read from?
Mr. THURMAN. I read an extract from
the United States claims, volume three, page
120.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What document is that
you have ?
Mr. THURMAN
piled from that!
Mr. EDMUNDS.
Mr. THURMAN.
A memorandum com-
Evarts's memorandum?
Yes, sir; pages 2 and
3. He has two memorandums, but this is the
first one:
"On the 31st of January, 1863, the following
memorial was addressed to Mr. Seward: 'Tour
memorialists, representing the New York Mutual
Insurance Company of the city of New York, re-
spectfully submit to the Department of State of the
United States the following facts, namely, that the
said New York Mutual Insurance Company had
certain policies of insurance upon the following
vessels: skip Brilliant, $9,245; ship Manchester,
$7,500; and the said vessels, in the prosecution of
their lawful voyage, were arrested on the high seas
by a steamer called the Alabama, and by her boarded
and burned, and the New York Mutual Insurance
Company have paid the policies of insurance on the
above-named vessels in consequence of said destruc-
tion ; and your memorialists are of t,be opinion that
the said steamer, having been built and fitted out
and sailed from a port in Great Britain, and her
crew being composed principally of the subjects of
the Government of Great Britain, she is to all intents
and purposes a British vessel.
" 'And your memorialists therefore claim —
From whom ?—
" 'And your memorialists therefore claim from the
Government of Great Britain the repayment to them
of the above amounts, with interest accruing there-
on, and respectfully request the United States
Government to make the necessary claim on their
behalf.'"
That is, to make their claim on Great Britain.
" 'JOHN II. EARL, President.
W. P. Hansford, Secretary.' "
What was done with that claim? I read
this only as one of the numerous cases which
illustrate how these claims were presented.
This memorial Mr. Seward inclosed to Mr.
Adams in the following letter :
Department op State,
Washington, February 2,1863.
Sib : Herewith I inclose, for presentation to the
British Government, a copy of a memorial just
received at this Department from the New York
Mutual Insurance Company of the city of New
York, relative to losses sustained by it on account
of the destruction of the ships Brilliant and Man-
chester on the high seas by the piratical steamer
Alabama.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
Charles Francis Adams, &c.
There the company presented its claim
against Great Britain to the Department of
State, and asked it to present that claim to the
Government of Great Britain, distinctly declar-
ing it to be a claim of the company upon Great
Britain; and the Secretary of State sends it to
our minister at London to be presented, accord-
ing to the prayer of the memorialists, to the
British Government. What did Mr. Adams
do with it ?
"On the 19th of February, 1863, Mr. Adams pre-
rented the above memorial to Earl Russell, with the
following note:
Legation of theUsited States,
London, February li#, lobo.
Mr Lord : At the request of my Government, I
have the honor to submit to your lordship s consid-
eration a copy of a memorial addressed to the Secre-
tary of State bv an association of underwriters m
New York. FRANCIS ADAMS.
Eight Hon. Eakl Russbll, &c."
I might read a dozen or more of the same
kind ot claims made by our citizens upon the
Government of Great Britain, and forwarded
from the Department of State to our minister
there, with instructions to present them to the
British Government as claims of American
citizens upon that Government for captures
made by these confederate steamers.
The British Government refused to acknowl-
edge its liability; and so matters went on un-
til eventually what is known as the Jobnson-
Clarendon treaty was negotiated;. and what was
the Johnson- Clarendon treaty V Ihe Johnson-
Clarendon treaty in the most clear and un-
mistakable manner recognized these as claims
of American citizens. Here is the first article
of that convention ;
" The high contracting parties agree that all
claims on the part of the subjects of her Britannic
Majesty on the Government of the United States,
and all claims on the part of citizens of the United
States upon the Government of her Britannic
Majesty which may have been presented to either
Government for its interposition with the other since
the 26th day of July, 1853, the date of the exchange
of the ratifications of the convention concluded
between Great Britain and the United States of
America, at London, on the 8th of February, 1853,
and which yet remain unsettled, as well as any other
such claims which may be presented within the
time specified in article three of this convention,
whether or not arising out of the late civil war in
the United States, shall be referred to four commis-
sioners."
Observe the language: "all claims on the
part of the subjects of her Britannic Majesty
on the Government of the United States, and
all claims on the part of the citizens of the
United States upon the Government of her
Britannic Majesty." Now, sir, what was the
objection to that Johnson-Clarendon treaty?
I am not speaking of anything which took
place in'executive session, I wish to be under-
stood ; I am speaking of what is history.
What was the objection to that treaty? That
these were recognized as claims of citizens?
Nobody ever heard of such an objection. The
objection was that that treaty did not go far
enough ; that it did not include public claims
of the United States. So far as claims of citi-
zens were concerned it was confessedly ample
and sufficient; but it was said that it left out
the part of Hamlet from the play, that_ here
were injuries done not simply to our citizens,
but injuries done to the United States; that
here was the cost of pursuing these cruisers;
here was the increased rate of insurance all
over the whole country ; here was the prolong-
ation of the war entailing great expense upon
the country ; and then after all the demands
the Government might lawfully make that some
atonement should be made to its wounded
honor by the course Great Britain had pursued.
We all remember very well the speech of the
distinguished Senator from Massachusetts,
then chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and which the Senate permitted to
be printed, although it was delivered in execu-
tive session. We all know that not one single
objection did he take to that treaty on the
ground that the claims of private citizens were
recognized, but that the whole of his objec-
tions to the convention were because it did not
recognize the claims of the United States over
and above the claims of individual citizens,
and contained no reparation for the wounded
national honor and dignity of this Govern-
ment.
That treaty was defeated ; why defeated it
is immaterial to say. Then came the treaty
which is now under consideration ; and the
first article of that treaty being one upon
which the Senator from Vermont has based a
large part of his argument, I beg leave to call
attention to it particularly. He says that this
treaty is not like any other that ever was made
upon the subject of claims due to citizens of
the United States, and he bases a great deal
of his argument upon the fact that in the
treaties from which he has read there was a
specific reference to the claims of citizens of
the United States. Why, sir, the answer to
that is in a word. It is because in the cases
to which the articles of the treaties that he
read referred, there was no question of na-
tional claims, there was nothing but the claim
of the citizen, and that is the^ reason why
nothing but the claim of the citizen is men-
tioned. Take the first case he read the case
of the treaty with Great Britain of 1/94. I hat
was a case which provided for paying certain
amounts to subjects of Great Britain. What
was the ground upon which they were to be
paid? They were debts that had been due by
citizens of the colonies to subjects ot Great
Britain, debts that had been due by one sub-
ject of Great Britain to another subject of
Great Britain, but owing to the war the col-
lection had been suspended, if tie debts had
not become absolutely void. Those subjects
of Great Britain had no claim whatever upon
the Government of the United States.for the
payment of those debts. Why, then, were
they paid? It was simply, an equivalent or
one of the equivalents that the United States
gave for the equivalent that she received by
that treaty. It never was put upon the ground
that those citizens had any claim upon the
Government of the United States. It was
simply one of the equivalents which we paid
by that treaty for the equivalents which we
received. So that that treaty has nothing to
do with a case like this.
Then take the treaty with France in which
provision is made for paying citizens of the
United States. What is the reason that noth-
ing but private claims is mentioned in that
treaty? Because in that committee we pro-
vided for nothing but private claims. We did
not ask France to give us anything to-repair
our wounded honor, or to pay us for any
expense we had been at, or any national in-
jury we had received. And so with every one
of the rest of these treaties. Take the treaty
with Spain. We were not there demanding
money of Spain as a salvo to our national
honor or to indemnify us for national loss, but
we were asking her that our citizens should
be paid; and that being the case, of course
the treaty spoke of nothing else. The same is
the case with the Algerien treaty, and in fact
with every one of the treaties that have been
mentioned. They are cases in which whatever
may be in other articles of the treaty, in the
article of the treaty that i elated to claims we
made no claims but those of private citizens,
and therefore we might well speak of their be-
ing the claims of citizens of the United States.
But how was it when we made this treaty
of Washington with Great Britain? You
have seen that the Johnson-Clarendon treaty
was defeated because it related to nothing but
claims of citizens. Our Government, there-
fore, was determined that the treaty which
should be formed here at Washington, if one
should be made at all, should include some-
thing besides the claims of private citizens ;
and that is the reason why the language is not
the same as it was in the old treaty. It is
because we had determined to demand more
than-would repay our citizens for the losses
they had sustained. Hence, the language
which is used in the first article of the treaty.
But the contracting parties did not agree, per-
haps they never could have agreed precisely,
as to what the public claims should be; and
therefore they resorted to a general term as
to what they should be ; and they said:
"Whereas, differences have arisen between the
Government of the United States and the Govern-
ment of her Britannic Majesty, and still exist,
growing out of the aets committed by $he several
vessels which have given rise to the claims gener-
ically known as the 'Alabama claims
"And whereas her Britannic Majesty^ has author-
ized her high commissioners and plenipotentiaries
to express, in a friendly spirit, the regret felt by
her Majesty's Government for the escape, under
whatever circumstances, of the Alabama and other
vessels from British ports, and for the depredations
committed by those vessels.''
That expression of regret was to cure our
wounded honor. Then comes something
more operative and practical '■
" Now, in order to remove and adjust all complaints
and claims on the part of the United States, and to
provide for the speedy settlement of such claims,
which are not admitted by her Britanhic Majesty s
Government, the high contracting parties agree that
all the said claims, growing out of acts committed
by the aforesaid vessels, and generically known as
the 'Alabama claims,' shall be referred to a tribunal
of arbitration to be composed of five arbitrators.
That is the reason why it is not said here,
"the claims of the citizens of the United
States." It is because we had public claims
that we intended to assert under that general
phraseology, 4'theclaims generically known as
the Alabama claims." It is because we did
not intend to limit ourselves to the presenta-
