1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2139
No. 3875) for the relief of Christopher Weid-
ner, Henry Hegwer, Moiso Bellman), Louis
Pashall, Aaron Grigsby, Harvey L. Bickford,
and Thomas Stanley, composing the firm of
Biekford & Stanley, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
military prison.
Mr. LOGAN. I have not had a bill_ passed
from the Committee on Military Affairs of a
general character at this session. I ask the
Senate to permit me now to take up the bill to
provide for the establishment of a military
prison, and to put it upon its passage. It was
once before the Senate and objected to by the
Senator from Delaware. After reading it, he
said he withdrew his objection ; but it went
over at that time. I desire now to ask the
Senate to allow the bill to be put upon its
passage. It is House bill Ntf*. 2692.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2692) to provide for
the establishment of a military prison, and
for its government. The bill proposes to estab-
lish at Rock Island, in the State of Illinois, a
prison for the confinement and reformation of
offenders against the rules, regulations, and
laws for the government of the Army of the
United States, in which shall be securely con-
fined, and employed at labor, and governed in
the manner directed in the bill, all offenders
convicted before any court-martial or military
commission in the United States, and sen-
tenced according to law to imprisonment
therein.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
credit mobilier.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee oil
Printing, to whom was referred the concur-
rent resolution of the House of Representa-
tives to print extra copies of the report and
testimony taken before the select committee
of which Mr. Poland was chairman, reported
it back without amendment; and it was con
sidered and agreed to, as follows :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed of the testimony taken before the commit-
tee on investigation of which Mr. Poland was chair-
man, together with the report of said committee,
seven thousand copies for the use of the House, and
three thousand copies for the use of the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY subsequently said: The
report which I made from the Committee on
Printing is more than I thought it w&s. I
thought it was for printing only the report,
but 1 see it includes the testimony, and the
law requires an estimate for that. I there-
fore ask leave to withdraw it for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote adopt-
ing the resolution will be regarded as recon-
sidered and the report withdrawn.
ORDER OP BUSINESS
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 3946) to authorize the Secretary of the
Navy to convey to the city of Chelsea, Massa-
chusetts, certain laud for the use of a street;
and if the bill is taken up, I will give, way for
morning business. I think we ought to go on
with the Calendar of House bills. I am per-
fectly willing that the few bills I have m charge
shall take their chance with others ; but Sena-
tors are rising constantly with special bills. If
we can have the Calendar, I will withdraw the
motion ; if not, I insist on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the pleas-
ure of the Senate to continue the Calendar
of House bills, under the operation of the
Anthony rule?
Mr. BOREMAN. I object to that. I have
one Senate bill that I want to pass.
Mr ANTHONY. Then I make my motion
to take up the bill I have referred to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to make two re-
ports : one on a bill of a general character in
regard to taxes that ought to be acted on at
once, and the other a bill in regard to General
Spinner, and I want that considered too.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island has a motion pending.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that the author
of that good Anthony rule and the chairman
of the Committee on Disabilities will not break
down the best chance we have to pass the
largest number of bills to which there appears
to be no objection ; and that is, to go straight
on with the Calendar and stick to it. I trust
we shall not postpone the Calendar to take up
my friend's bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I hope my friend
will object to every other bill.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar is
before the Senate, but reports of committees
are first in order.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the petition of
DeWitt C. Chipman, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration ; which was
agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
tp whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
3879) for the relief of Abraham Palmer,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. KELLY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2672) for the relief of
Thomas Burke, of Virginia, reported it with-
out amendment.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. SCOTT, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial and papers of the National Homestead
Association at Gettysburg; and that the memo-
rialists have leave to withdraw their memorial and
papers.
joseph 1. heyw00d.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the action of the House of Representa-
tives on the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 2909) for the relief of Joseph
L. Heywood and others, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Resolved, ThattheSenateinsistupon theiramend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House oi
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part ef the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
Mr. Pkatt, Mr. Howe, and Mr. Machen
were appointed the committee of conference
on the part of the'Senate.
message from tim iiousk.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. McPhersoit, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
and joint resolution ; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate;
A bill (H. R. No. 3330) to establish the
southwestern land district in Kansas ;
A bill (H. R. No. 363C) for the relief of
Almont Barnes ; and .
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 203) relating
to the old bridge at Rock Island.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President: . .
A bill (S. No. 420) to confer jurisdiction on
the Court of Claims to hear and determine
the suit of Carondelet vs. The United States;
A bill (S. No. 1079) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri river
at or near the city of Lexington, in the State
of Missouri, and to establish it as a post-road;
A bill (S. No. 1279) to fix the compensation
of the deputy collector of customs at St.
Paul;
A bill (S. No. 1539) to remove the political
disabilities of James D. Halyburton, of Vir-
ginia, and Thomas G. Williams, of San Anto-
nio, in the State of Texas;
A bill (S. No. 1572) for the suppression of
trade in, and circulation of, obscene literature
and articles of immoral use;
A bill (S. No. 1152) for the relief of Hiram
W. Hayden;
A bill (S. No. 1312) authorizing deputy col-
lectors and other officers of customs to act as
disbursing agents in certain cases ;
A bill (S. No. 1425) supplemental to an act
entitled "An act to incorporate the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company anil to aid in the
construction of its road, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1871;
A bill (S. No. 1483) creating a collection
district in southern Oregon ;
A bill (S. No. 1514) for the temporary relief
of the Indians at Camp McDermit, in Hum-
boldt county, Nevada;
A bill (S. No. 1630) to remove the political
disabilities of David Coleman, of Buncombe
county, Sorth Carolina;
A bill (H. R. No. 239) authorizing the award
to the Vincennes University of certain vacant
and abandoned lands in Knox county, Indiana;
A bill (H. R. No. 862) to create a port of
delivery at La Crosse, in Wisconsin, and to pro-
vide for a surveyor of customs thereat;
A bill (H. R. No. 1868) for the relief of Elias
C. Boudinot;
A bill (H. R. No. 2312) to revise, consol-
idate, and amend the laws relating to pensions;
A bill (H. R. No. 2468) granting a pension
to Samuel B. Davis;
A bill (H. R. No. 2908) to refund to Thomas
C. Magruder certain moneys stolen from him
in 1859;
A bill (H. R. No. 3351) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1874, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3710) to provide for the
establishment of life-saving stations on the
coasts of Maine, New Hampshire, Massachu-
setts, Virginia, and North Carolina;
A bill (H. R. No. 3999) to amend an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year end-
ing June 13, 1870," approved March 3,1769 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2910) for the relief of
Orville J. Jennings;
A bill (H. R. No. 3088) to extend for four
years the act establishing the board of com-
missioners of claims and the acts relating
thereto;
A bill (H. R. No. 3274) to establish certain
post roads; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3279) to amend an act
entitled " An act to authorize the sale of cer-
tain public property," approved June 10,1872;
francis e. spinner.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 3250) to relieve Francis E.
Spinner, Treasurer of the United States, to
report it back without amendment; and I ask
that it be considered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony] has a
motion pending. This bill can therefore only
be entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will give way for a
short time, as the chairman of the Committee
on Finance says this is a matter of public im-
portance
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill is to settle the
accounts of General Spinner, Treasurer of
the United States.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have given way to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island gives way to the Senator
from Ohio to allow him to ask for the consid-
eration of the bill just reported.
