1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
It is said that the First Consul instructed the
French negotiators to make " the acknowledg-
ment of former treaties the basis of negotia-
tion and the condition of compensation." He
knew that France had performed her part of
the treaty in furnishing men and ships when
they were essential to us, and he determined
to hold us to the fulfillment of the contract.
These claims were good against France ;
there is no statute of limitation between
nations. The legal maxim that no time bars the
king applies as well to nations with reference
to each other as to a nation and its subjects. 1
The tardiness with which Governments act in
relation to great subjects of controversy, and
the duties which they owe to the cause of j
humanity, to peace, to their own people, and
to public opinion, require that they should
exhaust all means and resources of concilia-
tion and negotiation before they resort to the
ultima ratio, or to arms, which is the last
reasoning of kings. But no nation can plead for-
bearance or lapse of time as an excuse for non- ,
performance of duty or stipulated obligation.
If the adjustment of claims and counter-claims
had not taken place in 1800 the claims for
despoiling our commerce would doubtless have
been carried into the convention of 1831, or
made a clause in that instrument. In Hil-
dreth's History of the United States, in writing
in reference to the treaty of 1800, which, in
its second article, as drawn by the plenipoten-
tiaries of the two Governments, and executed
subject to ratification of both, which provided
for future negotiation, he said :
"Had the treaty been ratified in its original
shape, the sufferers by the spoliations of the French
might, perhaps, before now have obtained that in-
demnity from the French Government which they
have ever since been asking from their own, but
which has hitherto been unjustly withheld."
The parties in interest and who suffered so
materially the despoiling of their ships and
cargoes by the French were guilty of no delay
or laches in presenting to and urging their de-
mands upon the Government of the United
States after the treaty of 1800, which was ratified
by the American Government in February,
1801 and by the French in the July of that
year. In February, 1802, at the first session
of Congress after the French ratification, a
memorial asking payment was presented from
the city of Baltimore, one from the city of
Philadelphia, one from Alexandria, one from
Massachusetts, one from the city and State of
New York, one from Port Royal, Virginia.
In March of the same year eleven memorials
from merchants of various cities in different
States were presented on the same subject, and
in April of that year four were laid before Con-
gress from Nantucket, Portland, Newburyport,
and Virginia.
From the Seventh to the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress inclusive eighteen hundred and twenty-
three petitions were presented to the Senate and
twenty-six hundred and seventy-six to the
House of Representatives of the United States.
These petitions came from merchants and
owners, and others interested, from every sec-
tion of the country—Providence, Boston, New
Haven, Cincinnati, Penobscot, Baltimore,
Salem, Charleston, Norfolk, New Bedford,
Newburyport, Portland, Alexandria, New
York, Philadelphia, Norwich, Hartford, Ports-
mouth, Bristol, Newbern, Wilmington, Fred-
ericksburg, Eden ton, New London, Calais,
Bangor, Wiscassett, Provincetown, Somerset,
Hampton, Castine, Warren, Chatham, New
< ';;stle, New Orleans, Paterson, Nantucket,
St. Louis, Norwich, Camden, Gloucester,
Savannah, New London, Athens, Houston,
Beaufort, Concord, Middleburg, Marblehead,
Beverly, Little Rock, Williamsburg, Fred-
erick. Belfast, Lexington, Annapolis, Chester-
town, Princeton, Augusta, New Lisbon, and
many other sections of our country.
Since the Thirty-Fifth Congress, similar
petitions have flowed in at every session in
considerable numbers down to the present
period. Nor has Congress been altogether
indifferent to the earnest and repeated suppli-
cations for redress. In 1802, Mr. Giles, of
Virginia, then in the House, made a favorable
report of the facts and circumstances attending
these claims, leaving Congress to pass its judg-
ment upon them. Iu 1807, Mr. Marion, of the
House, made a similar report adopting that of
Mr. Giles. In 1818,1822, and 1824, adverse
reports were made by Messrs. Russell, Rob-
erts, and Forsyth. In 1827, 1828, 1829, 1830,
1831, and 1834, eleven favorable reports were
made by Messrs. Holmes, Everett, Chambers,
Livingston, Webster, and Wilkins, eight of
which were accompanied by bills to carry out
the views of the several committees. In 1835
and 1840 Messrs. Cambreling and Pickens
reported unfavorably from a minority of their
committees. From 1838 to 1863 inclusive,
twenty-eight reports were made from commit-
tees, and none from minorities, favorable to the j
allowance of these claims, twenty-three of
which were accompained by bills for the action [
of Congress. These reports were from com- i
, mittees at the head of which were Messrs. j
Howard, Cushing, Choate, Archer, Ingersoll,
| Clayton, Smith, Morehead, Buel, Bradbury,
Hamlin, Bayly, Pennington, Crittenden, Cling- j
man, Boyce, and Sumner ; and in 1872 by Mr.
Cameron. In 1834 the bill reported favorably
by Mr. Webster was passed by the Senate by
a vote of 25 to 20, but was not reached by
the House. The bill reported by Mr. Choate
in 1844 was ordered to be engrossed in the
Senate by 26 yeas to 15 nays. The bill re-
ported by Mr. Clayton in 1846 was voted by
the Senate,—yeas 27, nays 23. Mr. Smith's ;
bill, which was Mr. Clayton's in fact, in July, j
1846, was passed by the House by 94 to 87 ; it
had thus passed both Houses, but was vetoed
bv President Polk on grounds of expediency
alone. The message contains no argument
against the principle of the bill, but we were
then engaged in a war with Mexico, and the
finances of the country were referred to as a
reason for the veto.
In 1851, Mr. Truman Smith's bill was voted
on in the Senate—yeas 30, nays 26. In 1855,
Mr. Bayley's bill was passed by the House by
a vote of 111 to 77, and in the Senate by a vote
of 28 to 17, and was vetoed by President
Pierce. On the veto the vote was 113 to 86, not
two thirds, so the bill was defeated. Mr. Crit-
tenden's bill in 1858 was passed by the Senate
by a vote of 26 to 20, but not reached by
the House.
I have examined the long and elaborate veto
message of President Pierce, and it contains
no argument against the bill which I have not
endeavored to present and answer in the course
of my remarks. The objections have been stated
fully and fairly, and have often been refuted
in anticipation by the able and conclusive
reports of the most eminent statesmen of the
country in the Senate and House, to which I
have adverted. Thirty-eight reports have been
made by these distinguished men advocating
the payment of these claims by every consider-
ation of duty, of justice, and of honor ; while
only three adverse reports have been made by a
majority of committees and two from minorities.
Three times the bill has passed the Senate,
and once ordered to be engrossed, which is
equivalent to its passage ; and twice has it
passed the House of Representatives. At no
time has it received a minority vote, and the
people by their Representatives have twice
voted the payment.
The Legislatures of several States, duly im-
pressed by the merit of these claims, and sensi-
bly alive to the character and duty of the
Government, took action on the subject at
various periods, and transmitted to Congress
their views and solicitations to act. The action
of the New York Legislature in 1856 may be
given as an example of all:
"Resolved, (As the sense of the Senate of the State
of New York.) That the Government of the United
States is bound by every consideration of justice to
provide for the satisfaction of the cl-iims arising out
of the French spoliations upon American commerce
prior to September, 1800; that a settlement of those
claims upon the French having been made by our
own Government, on receiving an ample equivalent
therefor, the Government of the United States as-
sumed the debt due from France to our citizens, and
voluntarily placed herself underasolemn obligation
to satisfy that debt, the payment of which has been
too long delayed."
Both Houses of the Legislature of that State
had previously acted favorably in 1848 ; Ohio
in 1847 ; Louisiana in 1848 ; Massachusetts in
1841, again in 1844, again in 1852, again in
1856; the State of Maine in 1840, again in
1844, again 1854, again in 1856, also in 1857;
Connecticut in 1838, same in 1843, also in
1844; Delaware in 1842; Rhode Island in
1832, again in 1844, also in 1846, also in 1856 ;
Maryland in 1835; Alabama in 1841; New
Hampshire in 1839, again in 1841; Virginia
in 1850; and in 1838 eighty-six of the most
substantial citizens of Pennsylvania memorial-
ized Congress to do justice to the claimants.
Among the signers were William Heister,
Thomas P. Cope, C. J. Ingersoll, George M.
Keim, Joseph R. Chandler, John Dickey, W.
M. Meredith, George W. Woodward, M. W.
Baldwin, James Merrill, James Pollock, ex
uno disce omnes. Eleven sovereign States,
seven of which united to form the Government,
have -thus solemnly, and several of them re-
peatedly, invoked and urged the Government
of the United States to deal justly with those
whose interests it was solemnly bound to pro-
tect
The late distinguished John M. Clayton,
formerly Senator from Delaware and Secre-
tary of State, in a speech made by him in the
Senate in April, 1846, in favor of the pay-
ment of these claims, referred to the late
Chief Justice Marshall's opinion in favor of
their payment. The able and eloquent Sen-
ator from South Carolina, William C. Pres-
ton, in a letter to Mr. Clayton, dated 29th
January, 1844, stated that in a conversation
between Judge Marshall, Benjamin Watkins
Leigh, and Mr. Calhoun, the judge said that,
having been connected with the events of
that period and conversant with the circum-
stances under which the claims arose, he was,
from his own knowledge, satisfied that there
was the strongest obligation on the Govern-
ment to compensate the sufferers by the French
spoliations; that he gave a succinct state-
ment of the leading facts and the principles of
law applicable to them in so precise and lucid
a way that it seemed to Mr. Preston as a de-
termination of the argument by a judicial de-
cision. In a letter from Mr. Leigh, in 1846, to
Mr. Clayton, he states that he was present at
the conversation alluded to by Mr. Preston;
that Judge Marshall expressed an opinion dis-
tinctly and positively that the United States
ought to make provisions for the payment of
those claims. Mr. Leigh added that the
President's recent veto of these claims ap-
peared to him very strange, and he then asked
the question : "Is the President authorized to
veto every bill for which he himself would not
vote ? If he is, he is the whole Legislature
whenever there is not a majority of two thirds
of both Houses of Congress."
The amount of thes^ claims have been
variously estimated. The following is believed
to approximate the result:
Whole number of vessels despoiled and destroyed
by France - 2,290
Deduct from this number—
V easels paid for by special decree of France 14
Vessels paid for under convention of 1803.. 3T9
Vessels rejected under the same   128
Vessels paid for by Spain under the Florida
treaty of 1819  173
Vessels rejected under the same   191
Vessels paidfor under convention of 1831... 4
Vessels rejected for want of proper proof,
A,,  503
     1,392
Leaving bartered to France..
89 
These vessels valued at the lowest estimate
usually allowed ($>14,000) amount to $12,5*2,-
000. On examining indemnities paid to the
United States for similar destruction of prop-
