2140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Last night the colleague
of the Senator from Ohio made some criticism
or inquiry in the nature of criticism on that
bill; and I see that he is not now in his seat.
1 think it would be proper courtesy to him to
wait.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague knows all
the facts; they are historical; and I do not
think be will object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have called attention
to it, and the Senator can take the risk with
his colleague.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. It. No. 3250) to relieve
Francis E. Spinner, Treasurer of the United
States. Tbe bill provides for crediting Mr.
Spinner with $251 70 in various amounts spe-
cifically described, on account of compound-
interest notes, five percent, notes, and national
bank notes; and also for allowing $61,174 52
to reimburse him for losses incurred in his
office as Treasurer ot the United States, through
embezzlement on the part of employes and
otherwise, without negligence or fault on his
part, namely, loss by the embezzlement of
Seth Johnson, late interest teller, $37,894 20 ;
loss by the embezzlement of P. A. Marden,
late chief of division of accounts, $11,413 97 ;
part of a package of new notes stolen from
the division of issues, $11,500; amount found
short in an actual count of $131,000, specimen
currency, $71 77; amount found short in an
actual count of the paying teller's cash, twenty
cents ; amount found short in an actual count
of a package of new notes, one dollar; amount
found short in an actual count of a package
of new notes, temporarily made good by the
original counter, twenty dollars ; amount found
short in an actual count of the funds of the
redemption division, $131 37 ; amount found
short in an actual count of the cash division,
$142 01.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
amendatory tahife laws.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on'Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 4057) to amend an act entitled "An act
to reduce duties on imports and to reduce in-
ternal taxes, and for other purposes,'' ap-
proved June 6, 1S72, and for other purposes,
have directed me to report it back with amend-
ments. This bill makes soma slight modifi-
cations in the tariff act, and the Committee
on Finance have made two amendments
striking out clauses to which there might be
objections. We report the bill back in a shape
that we suppose no one can object to, and
have added nothing to it.
By unanimous consent, the SenateJ as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike out lines six and seven
in the first section, as follows:
On macaroni or vermicelli, thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem.
Mr. BOREMAN. 1 believe this report is
made this morning for the first time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not like the fourth
section of this bill at all. It changes the time
when duties are to be paid on goods that were
not in bond when the iast tariff act took effect.
It seems to me that that is opening altogether
too wide a door for an application next year
by a man who came within two days instead
of one, or whatever the time was.
Mr. SHERMAN. That section to which
the Senator alludes affects the arrivals in port
which were not entered in warehouse for one
day. Ihe same words in this bill were reported
more than a month ago from the Committee
on Finance. If the Senator has any objection
to the section, I think he had better move to
strike it out. There are one or two provisions
of a general character here that certainly
ought, to pass. There is no increase of taxes,
no levying of taxes by the amendments of
the Committee on Finance. The committee
adopted no change of the law, but only three
provisions declaring the intent of the act of
fast year. If the Senator objects to that par-
ticular section, which is really for the benefit
of a certain case in California, he had better
move to strike it out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That I knew very well;
but I wanted to consider whether I was willing
to go into the discussion of that question on
the immediate report of the committee. I
was trying £o get information with' a view to
see whether I would object. I ask if there is
any precedent for such a section ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Tbe precise words of
that section were passed as to the last tariff law
of 1870, and that section is but copied from
the law as passed in 1870, by which goods that
arrived within the port but were not actually
landed and put into tbe Government ware-
house were entitled to the benefit of the re-
duced duty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think you are mis-
Mr." SHERMAN. I think not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it go over a few
moments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over for the present.
the neumann family flag.
Mr. COLE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Itesolved, That theSergeant-at-Armsbe directed
to place at the disposal of the American commis-
sioners to the Vienna international exhibition the
flag manufactured of California silk by the Neumann
family, and presented to the Senate; the said flag to
be returned to the Senate at the close of the exhibi-
tion.
"northern creditors
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to the report I am about to make,
inasmuch as I shall ask action on the bill
coming from the Committee on Claims.
Sometime since the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Pratt,] from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill in relation to the amount of
money that was in the banks of New Orleans
and confiscated for the benefit of northern
creditors under Order No. 40. That bill is
upon the Calendar. There is a House bill
upon the same subject reported here, and the
only difference between the House bill and the
Senate bill is this: the House bill contem-
plates the distribution by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and the Senate bill undertakes its
distribution under proceedings in the Court of
Claims, the fund feeing about $200,000 that is
in the Treasury of the United States for the
benefit of northern creditors. That is money
there unquestionably belonging to them, and
it ought to be distributed. Now I am in-
structed by the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the House bill on this sub-
ject, to report back the Senate bill as a substi-
tute for the House bill. I am also instructed
to ask to put the bill on its passage at this
time.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have Been trying to get
up the bill to which I have referred. I will
give way to the Calendar ; otherwise I will ask
to have the bill I moved taken up.
Mr. WRIGHT. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island to object ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I have already made a
motion to take up a bill, and I yielded to the
Senator to make a report. Now I will give
way for the Calendar, but if we are going to
take up bills off the Calendar, I might as well
have a chance as others. I will give way to
the Calendar, and prefer to do so.
Mr. PRATT. 1 appeal to-my friend from
Rhode Island so far as to say that there are a
great many northern creditors who are inter-
ested in this fund.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will tell my friend from
Indiana what I will do. I will agree to take
np this bill if he will agree to go back to the
Calendar hereafter.
Mr. PRATT. Certainly I will.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
Mr. CAMERON. I will object, then, because
I want the Calendar acted on now.
Mr. WRIGHT. Very well; I withdraw the
report for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The report will be with-
drawn if there be no objection. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Rhode Island, to proceed with the considera-
tion of the bill named by him.
the calendar.
Mr. ANTHONY. I withdraw that motion,
and call up the Calendar of House bills ana
such Senate bills as Senators think can be acted
upon by the House. I have no objection to
their being taken up also.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Rhode Island withdraws his motion, and
the Secretary will report the first bill on the
Calendar.
The Chief Clerk. The first bill on the
Calendar is the bill (H. R. No. 3368) for the
relief of E. H. Jarrett.
arkansas river bridge.
Mr. RICE. I ask leave to recall a bill from
the House of Representatives. Amendments
were made by the House to the bill of the
Senate for a bridge across the Arkansas river.
It went to the House the other day on our
refusal to concur in one amendment of the
House. I ask that that bill be recalled with
a view of moving a concurrence in the amend-
ment of the House.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Arkansas asks unanimous consent that
the bill (S. No. 245) amendatory of an act
authorizing the construction of abridge across
the Arkansas river may be recalled from the
House. Is there objection ? The Chair hears
none, and that order will be entered.
william spence.
Mr. BOREMAN. In behalf of the Senator
from Tennessee, [Mr. Brownlow,] who is
unable to address the Senate, I ask that a bill
which was before the Senate yesterday evening
and objected to may be taken up. It is a bill
for the relief of William Spence, of Tennessee.
It has been passed over on the Calendar. I
am satisfied it will pass in a moment.
Mr. ANTHONYS We shall reach it in a
few minutes.
Mr. BOREMAN. It was objected to yes-
terday evening.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ate will pardon the Chair, the Chair will state
that the present occupant of the chair, being
then in his seat on the floor, objected to that
bill; but on looking at it the Senator from
Vermontwas satisfied that he ought not to have
made the objection, and therefore he sug-
gested to the Senator from West Virginia to
make th.e request.
Mr. BOREMAN. I do it in behalf of the
Senator from Tennessee, who cannot address
the Senate.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 1556)
for the relief of William Spence was read tbe
second time, and considered as in Committee
on the Whole. It provides for the payment to
William Spencc, of Murfreesborough, Tennes-
see, of $24,200 80, in full satisfaction for all
grain, horses, cattle, mules, and hogs of the
property of said Spence, seized and used by
the military authorities of the United States
during the late war of the rebellion, at or near
Murfreesborough, during the years 1862 and
1863.
Mr. BOREMAN. There are some verbal
