1180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
tion of private claims that we did not make the
language of this treaty as is that of the treaties
that have been read from, simply a claim for
the damages due to private citizens, individ-
ually; it is because we had public claims as
well. Do we not know that this treaty nearly
failed because there were public claims em-
braced in those words? When we came to
present our case to the Geneva tribunal, we
claimed not simply the claims of private citi-
zens, but immense public claims known under
the general designation of "the indirect
claims;" and we know that Great Britain re-
fused to proceed one step. What were those
indirect claim? They were tbe cost to this
Government of the prolongation of the war,
and various other matters. The prolonga-
tion of the war was the main one—the indirect
losses. The enhanced rate of insurance all
over the country was another. We presented
those claims; we put them in our case. Great
Britain said, " I will not move one step until
you withdraw them; I never submitted any
Buch thing as that; I will not, therefore, agree
to go before this tribunal, I will not submit
to any five arbitrators on the face of this
earth," and no other Government they said
that had any power or self respect would sub-
mit, a question under which they might be
mulcted in thousands of million dollars dam-
ages.
We got out of that. How we got out of it,
it is not necessary to say particularly. We
got out of it, however, first, by our Govern-
ment writing to Mr. Schenck, " We do not
mean anything by that; we do not ask any
money for that at all; we have stuck it in
there, but we do not ask any money for it; so
just get, out of it the best way you can."
Well, sir, they met, and finally the tribunal
decided that whether they had jurisdiction of
it or not, it was not a thing that came within
the scope of the tribunal, either of the three
rules laid down or the principles of interna-
tional law; and therefore they would exclude
it anyhow; and thereupon both parties had got
exactly what they wanted. Both parties got
out of the scrape, out of the snarl in which
they were, and then the tribunal proceeded.
But there were still left some public claims
of which the tribunal could take cognizance,
which both parties agreed were proper for the
cognizance of the tribunal—claims not of pri-
vate citizens, but claims that the Government
alone could represent. What were they ? One
of the first of them was the enhanced rates of
insurance caused by the existence and depre-
dations of these cruisers. Great Britain did
not deny that that might be considered by the
tribunal. Another was the cost of pursuing,
cru isers and capturing t hem. That was another
thing-Great Britain did not deny might be con-
sidered by the tribunal; and the tribunal did
consider both those things. They were public
claims. Not one of these claims for increased
insurance had been presented to Great Britain.
They were not, therefore, the claims of private
citizens. That was a matter that concerned
a vast multitude of citizens, everybody en-
gaged in commerce, and could only be repre-
sented by the Government. Of course no
individual had any rignt to indemnification
lor the qost of pursuing and capturing the
confederate cruisers. That was, therefore, a
national thing also. They were then pre-
sented ; they were argued; and the tribunal
solemnly decided against the allowance of
anything on account of either of them. That
is the reason why the language of this treaty
is • the claims generically known as the Ala-
bama claims," instead of being as in the
other treaties, "the claims of citizens of the
United States."
_ But, sir, the treaty does recognize that the
citizens of the United States had claims on
Great Britain. Let us see if the treaty does
not recognize that.
Mr. SCHURZ. There were some individual
claims for insurance presented.
Mr. THURMAN. There may have been
some few, but they were not many.
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. About four hundred and
fifty or so were presented.
Mr. THURMAN. On account of increased
insurance?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes.
Mr. THURMAN. There may have been
some; but the whole of that claim was disal-
lowed. That may have escaped my observa-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator will par-
don me, there were four hundred and fifty-five
distinct claims presented.
Mr. THQRMAN. I had overlooked that.
It may be so; but it does not matter. There
were still the public claims. There was the
cost of pursuing and endeavoring to capture
these confederate cruisers. That was a pub-
lic claim, and upon that the tribunal rendered
a solemn award. In the award itself you will
find it. Here is the decision:
" And whereas, so far as relates to the particulars
of the indemnity claimed by the United States, tbe
costs of pursuit of the confederate cruisers are not,
in the judgment of the tribunal, properly distin-
guishable from the general expenses of the war car-
ried on by the United States; the tribunal is, there-
fore, of opinion, by a majority of three to two voices,
that there is no ground for awarding to the United
States any sum by way of indemnity under this
head."
What did the treaty require the tribunal to
do ? The seventh article of the treaty requires
the tribunal to do this:
"The said tribunal shall first determine as to each
vessel separately whether Great Britain has, by any
act or omission, failed to fulfill any of the duties set
forth in the foregoing three rules, or recognized by
the principles of international law not inconsistent
with such rules, and shall certify such fact as to each
of the said vessels. In ease thetribunal find that Great
Britain has failed to fulfill any duty or duties as afore-
said, it may, if it think proper, proceed to award a
sum in gross to be paid by Great Britain to the
United States for all the claims referred to it; and in
such case the gross sum so awarded shall be paid in
com by the Government of Great Britain to the Gov-
ernment of the United States at Washington, within
twelve months after the date of the award."
Now, Mr. President, the tribunal did pro-
ceed, pursuant to that article of the treaty,
and took up each vessel and decided in refer-
ence to it, and decided that Great Britain had
been guilty of an omission to perform her
duties as a neutral in respect to the Alabama,
in respect to the Florida, and in respect to the
Shenandoah from the time the Shenandoah
left Melbourne, the date of which is fixed, and
in regard -to certain small vessels that were
tenders to those cruisers, or to some of them ;
and decided that in respect to all the other
vessels Great Britain did not fail in her duties
as a neutral, and therefore was under no obli-
gation to make any payment or reparation
whatsoever; and decided in regard' to the
public claims of the United States, those which
are distinct from individual claims, that Great
Britain was not liable to the United States,
and therefore was not bound to -make any
indemnity.
You see from this that the tribunal had de-
cided against us on every point except certain
individual claims; that is, in respect to certain
vessels; and in respect to their acts, the only
necessity or propriety of naming' the vessels
was owing to other provisions in the treaty as
to the distribution of the fund. The claims,
then, that were allowed by thetribunal, upon
which it based its award, were wholly and
entirely individual claims—claims of citizens
or the United States who had suffered loss
from these confederate cruisers.
What did the tribunal then do? Having
determined that in respect to three vessels and
their tenders Great Britain was liable, tbe tri-
bunal had either one of two things to do: it
had to make an award either of a gross sum
to the United States, or it had to leave the
matter precisely there, and leave it to a board
of assessors, to be afterward constituted, to
find out the amount for which Great Britain
should be liable according to the principles
decided by the tribunal at Geneva. It saw fit
to take the first course, to award a sura in
gross; and now I beg the attention of the
Senate once more to the language of the
article that I read. It declares:
"In case the tribunal find that Great Britain has
failed to fulfill any duty or duties" as aforesaid, it
may, if it think proper, proceed to award a sum in
gross, to, be paid by Great Britain to the United
States for all the claims referred to it."
That is, for the claims referred to tbe tri-
bunal. It never was intended that the tribunal
should award damages for claims which it
itself held to be invalid. All such claims
were to be barred. They were res adjudicata.
They were barred from the decision of the tri-
bunal; they had no validity. And therefore
when it says that it is to award a sum in gross
for tbe satisfaction of the claims referred to it,
of course it must have been intended, and
could not have been intended otherwise, that
it was for tbe claims which that tribunal de-
cided to be valid claims against Great Britain.
That is the only sensible meaning that can be
given to it. All other claims were to be
barred. The treaty provides that they shall
be barred. Those that the tribunal decides
against are held to have no validity. As to
those which it holds to be valid it may pro-
ceed to award a gross sum; that is, in respect
to those which are referred to it. And it did
proceed to do that very thing. It did not pro-
ceed to say that A B shall have so much money,
and C D so much, and E F so much, for the
treaty never contemplated any such thing as
that. The tribunal at Geneva was not so con-
stituted as_ to undertake such a business as
that. All it could do was to make an approx-
imate estimate of that loss, and award a sum
in gross, if it took that course, to be distrib-
uted by the United States upon the principles
of that award;
How did it get at that award? Here we have
the history of that arbitration from the begin-
ning to the end, the protocol, and the opinions
of all its members. How did it get at that
award? The United States claimed §19,000,-
000 for the private claims covered by the de-
cision in respect to these three vessels and
their tenders. The British Government said,
under the advice of a committee of the British
Board of Trade, that that ought to be cutdown
to $7,300,000. There was a difference of nearly
$12,000,000 between the ease made by the
United States and what the British Govern-
ment said would be thetrueamount, according
to the report of the committee of the Board
of Trade, whose assistance the British Gov-
ernment had invoked.
In that state of case, what did the tribunal
do? It requested that both the American
agent and the British agent should restate
their account of the losses—mark it—incurred
by the depredations of these three cruiscrs—
not the losses incurred by the acts of any
vessel in respect to which Great Britain was
held not to be liable, but in respect to the
acts of these three cruisers, for whose acts
Great Britain was held to be liable. The
tribunal requested that the agents of the two
parties should restate the account, so to speak ;
and they did so. In the mean time, about
$2,000,000 more claims had been presented
to the tribunal by the agents of the United
States—individual claims, all of them—making
about $21,000,000.
They presented a restatement of their clai ms.
lhe British Government enhanced their state-
ment about $300,000, and said that the amount
would be about $7,600,000. The American
agent made it, 1 think, $14,000,000 and some-
thing, because the decision of the tribunal
against double claimants, and against pros-
pective profits and the like, cut out nearly
§8,000,000 of our claims. Our agentclaimed,
I think, about $14,000,000 : or perhaps it was
$12,000,000. I am speaking from memory
alone, without referring to the papers. It waa
twelve or fourteen million dollars. The British
said it ought only to be $7,600,000. In t ha' state
