1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1L81
of case the tribunal requested Mr. Staempfli,
one of its members, to present to it the esti-
mates he had made, and he accordingly pre-
sented his estimates. He made the loss about
§12,000,000 principal, and then said that cal-
culating interest at five per cent, aud at six
per cent, and at seven per cent., the amount
would besoandso; and thereupon they adopted
that rate of interest which brought the total
up to about $15,500,000, and limited it at that
sum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What rate of interest
does the Senator say?
Mr. THURMAN. I have not said, and I
do not know what the rate of interest was that
was adopted in the calculation.
Mr EDMUNDS. I have very good reason
for believing—though I do not think it proper
to state my means of information—that the
rate of interest adopted was three per cent.
Mr. THURMAN. I think that is a mis-
take.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very sure it is not
a mistake.
Mr. THURMAN. I have heard that, but I
have equally good authority with that of the
Senator—for I know upon whose authority he
speaks—for saying that that was not the rate'
of interest.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then there was no rate
per cent, at all, we will assume.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 say yes, there was a
rate of interest, and every one can calculate it
for himself. It is probable they took Staempfli's
estimate of the principal, $12,000,000, and
then calculated interest at such a rate as
made it in round numbers fifteen and a half
millions. Now, mark it, sir, every single
dollar of that was in respect of these very
losses sustained by American citizens, part of
them represented, by the original owners of
the vessels and cargoes, and part of them rep-
resented by the insurance companies that paid
the losses—between fifty and sixty per cent,
of them represented by the original losers, and
between forty and fifty per cent, of them rep-
resented by the.insurance companies that had
paid the losses ; and the fact that those insur-
ance companies made the claim was apparent
first, because they filed their claims as insur-
ance companies, as in the case I have already
read to you; but that is not all ; it is shown
by another fact. Sir Roundell Palmer made
an argument before that tribunal, almost ex-
actly the argument that is made in support of
this bill, that the insurance companies had
made more money by their war risks than
they had lost, and therefore nothing ought to
be allowed in respect to claims held by them ;
but the tribunal decided against him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend on
what ground they decided against him?
Mr. THURMAN. Let us see on what
ground they decided against him. Further-
more, he added, if that was not true, at all
events they ought not to be allowed interest;
and the tribunal decided against him both as
to principal and interest. They must have
decided against him because it was necessary
to include the claims held by insurance
companies in order to make on the sum of
§12,000,000 principal.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But were there not sev-
eral grounds on which they might have decided
against him? Might they not have decided
against him oil the ground that this was a
question of international loss, and what the
Government of the United States might owe
or might not owe to its citizens they had noth-
ing to do with?
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir; they could not
have decided against him on that ground be-
cause the Senator from Vermont had not
invented that theory then, and there was no
man smart enough to invent it until he started
it; he is entitled to the right of prior inven-
tion. No such theory as that ever entered the
heads of the jurists over at Geneva. On the
contrary, Sir Alexander Cockburu, who dis-
sented with so much power and force from the
decision of the tribunal, expressly admitted
the right of the insurance companies, said
that the right of subrogation was a right' that
belonged to them, and therefore he considered
their claims standing on the same validity—I
am not using his exact language—on the same
footing of validity as the claims of the original
owners.
So, Mr. President, this is a case in which
the claims owned by insurance companies have
been the foundation for four fifths of the aw^ird
made. They are the foundation upon which
we got from Great Britain five or six million
dollars. It is in respect of these claims thus
owned by these companies that Great Britain
is condemned to pay us five or six million dol-
lars. Now, the question is whether we shall
give the money to those in respect to whose
claims the award was made, or whether we
shall take it and give it to somebody else, or
keep it ourselves. That is the question.
Is it denied that this money belongs to the
insurance companies? Let us see what is the
law on that subject. Is an insurance company
subrogated to the rights of the assured? First
I will read what the. civil law is; I read from
a standard work, Gauthier on Subrogation :
"The insurers who have paid the loss upon an
abandonment, for example, in the ease of a capture
of tne ship, are equally subrogated to all the rights
of the assured/'
"Actions" is the word in French, which
may be well translated "rights or actions."
He had said before, " all the authors who have
written on maritime insurance are unanimous
in according it;" that is, the right of subro-
gation. Then he goes on and quotes Pothier
and divers other authors, and then proceeds
with what I have read :
"The insurers who have paid the loss upon an
abandonment, for example, in the case of a capture
of the ship, are equally subrogated to all the rights
of the assured."
But in this case the subrogation belongs to
another principle. It is the necessary conse-
quence of the abandonment, the effect of which
is to pass to the insurer the property in the
thing insured and all the rights which belong
to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
friend a question, but if he sayshe wouldrather
go on I will not interrupt him.
Mr. THURMAJtf, I am not very well and
I would rather proceed without interruption.
I have read you, sir,- the civil law ; now what
says the common law ? I read from Dixon
on Subrogation :
" The right of subrogation exists in favor of an
insurer who has been subjected to liability and
made payment of a policy of insurance on the hap-
pening of the loss, to all actions against the person
by whose negligence or wrong the loss was caused.
And then he goes on and gives clivers cases.
Passing that, let us come to a decision of our
own Supreme Court in the case of Comegysand
Pettit, plaintiffs in error, vs. Vasse, defend-
ant in error, (1 Peters's Reports, page 193.)
The question was made in that case that this
right of subrogation only existed to rights that
could be enforced in some court of law or
equity, and therefore ough.t not to apply to a
case where there was but a right to claim
reparation from a foreign Government. That
is the exact case we have here. Here was a
right to.claim reparation from a foreign Gov-
ernment, and the question is, does the right
of subrogation exist in such a case as this?
That was the question in the case of Comegys
and Pettit vs. Vasse.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Was not that a case of
illegal capture?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not care what it
was, whether it was illegal capture or not. I
have tried to answer the Senator's argument
about the legality or illegality of the captures.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg my friend's par
don ; I asked a simple question whether Come-
gys vs. Vasse was not a case of illegal capture ?
Mr. THURMAN. Suppose it was.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want to argue
the thing, but I ask for a fact.
Mr. THURMAN. I beg my friend to allow
me to proceed in my own way aud he will have
ample opportunity to answer hereafter. What
did the court say here in answer to that argu-
ment? I read, from the syllabus of the case.
This was a case in which an award had been
made under the treaty with Spain and we ob-
tained damages, and damages were obtained
in respect to a claim of this man Vasse, whose
vessel had heen seized, and one question was
whether or not the insurance company who
had paid the loss was subrogated to his rights.
The court say:
"In general, it may be affirmed, that mere per-
sonal torts, which die with the party, and do not
survive to his personal representatives, are incapa-
ble of passing by assignment; and that vested rights,
ad rem and in re ; possibilities, coupled with an in-
terest and claim, growing out of, and adhering to
property, may pass by assignment.
"The law gives to the act of abandonment to un-
derwriters, when accepted, all the effects which the
most accurately drawn assignment would accom-
plish. The underwriter then stands in the place of
the insured, and becomes legally entitled to all that
can be recovered from destruction."
Mark that, Mr. President, "the law gives
to the act of abandonment to underwriters" —
and in every one of these Alabama claims the
property Was abandoned to the underwriters—
" when accepted"—and it was accepted when
the insurance company paid the loss—" all the
effects which the most accurately drawn as-
signment would accomplish." They had be-
fore decided that it was assignable, and now
they say that the act of abandonment and its
acceptance by the underwriters has all the
effect that the most accurately drawn assign-
ment could confer.
"The underwriter then stands in the place of the
insured, aDd becomes legally entitled to all that can
be recovered from destruction.
" It is clear that the right to compensation for
damages and mj uries, to which citiaens of the United
Stateb were entitled, and which, under the treaty
with Spain, were to be the subjects of compensa-
tion, parsed by abandonment to the underwriters
upon property which had been seized or captured."
There you have exactly the principle of this
case. There the claim was upon the Govern-
ment of Spain ; the owner's vessel had been
illegally seized, so that Spain was liable for it,
and the insurance company paid the loss, and
the court say that "it is clear that the right
to compensation for damages and injuries to
which citizens of the United States were en-
titled, and which, underthe treaty with Spain,
were to be the subjects of compensation,
passed by abandonment to the underwriters
upon property which had been seized or cap-
tured '' And further:
" The right to indemnity for an unjust capture, on
the sovereign, whether remediable inhisown courts,
or by his own extraordinaiy interposition, or grants
upon private petition, or upon public negotiation,
is a right attached to the ownership of the property
itself, and passes by eessioa to the account of the
ultimate sufferer, and is afterward assignable to thu
person to whom it had been ceded.
" It is not universally, though it may be ordin-
arily, the test of a right, that it may be enforced in a
court of justice. Claims and debts due by a sover-
eign are not commonly capable of being so enforced.
It does not follow that because an unjust sentence
cannot be reversed that the party injured has lost
all right to justice, or all claim, upon principles of
public law, to remuneration."
And they held in that case that the under-
writer was subrogated to the right of the citi-
zen upon the Spanish Government to be re-
munerated for his losses; but that was no new
decision. Long before that it had been de-
cided in the British courts, in the case of Raii-
dal vs. Cochran, 1 Vesey, 98, "thatwhere Great
Britain had taken indemnity by main force
from Spain by the issuing of letters of marque
and reprisal and had provided in the act that
a board of commissioners should be appointed
to whom the proceeds of captures of the vessels
to whom letters of marque and repnsal were
issued should be referred to determine what
compensation should be made to losers, it was
held that an insurance company that had paid
the loss was subrogated to the rights of the
principal and had a right to thai jtmd thus
