1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
taken by main force by Great Britain from
Spain—a doctrine that goes far beyond this.
There was a case in which Great Britain did
not obtain indemnity by negotiation, but ob-
tained it by main force, obtained it by arms;
and yet in a case like that, where it was by the
public force of the kingdom that she obtained
that indemnity, that compensation, the court
held that the insurer was subrogated to the
right of the insured in respect to that claim,
the insurer having paid the loss.
But, sir, the same thing was decided in New
York in another celebrated case, the case of
Gracietw. NewYorklnsnranceCompany,(eight
Johnson's Reports, page 237,) the opinion in
which was delivered by Chief Justice Kent.
That was a case in which a question arose in
respect to compensation made by France for
the capture and condemnation of certain ves-
sels belonging to citizens of the United States,
and the question.was whether the insurance
company was subrogated to the rights of the
insured in respect to certain property which
had been seized and captured. The court de-
cided that it was, and Mr. Chief Justice Kent,
in delivering the opinion of the court, said:
" If France should, at any future period, agree to,
and actually make compensation for the capture and
condemnation in question, the Government of the
United States, to whom the compensation would, in
the first instance, be payable, would become trustee
for the party having the equitable title to the reim-
bursement,"
That is exactly the principle that applies to
this case. If, said the Chief Justice, France
should afterward make compensation and pay
it first to the United States, as it did actually
afterward occur, the United States would hold
it as trustee for the person who held the right
of the original owner to the property that had
been captured.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask a question
Mr. THURMAN. I would rather go on.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You do not state the
case as it is ; that is the trouble.
Mr. THURMAN. Point it out afterward.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, how does the
Supreme Court sum up on this subject?
''The case of Watson vs. The Insurance Company
of North America (1 Binn. R. 47) proceeds upon the
same principles. Itadmits that the apes recupercmdi
passes by an abandonment to tho underwriter; and
the question there was whether its value, when not
abandoned, was to be deducted from the total loss.
We consider it, then, clear, upon authority, that the
right to the compensation in this case was in its
nature assignable, and passed by abandonment to
Vasse; and upon principle, we should arrive at the
same conclusion. The right to indemnity for an
unjust capture, whether aaa.inst the captors or the
sovereign; whether remediable in his own courts,
or by his own extraordinary interposition and grants
upon private petition or upon public negotiation, is
aright attached to the ownership of the property
itself, and passes by cession to the use of the
ultimate^ sufferer. If so assignable to Vasse, it was
equally, m its own nature, capable of assignment to
others; and the only remaining inquiry would be,
Whether it had so passed by assignment from him."
Vetera Hep., 215.
I hat is the state of the case. This right of
subrogation is thus established. I might take
up the time of the Senate with reading many
more cases upon it, but really I do not know
that it will be disputed.
EDMUNDS. It is not disputed at all.
Mr. THURMAN. I am glad to hear my
friend say so. I thought he was too good a
lawyer to dispute it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The application of it is
the only point.
Mr. 1HURMAN. I know the application
ot it. I am not going to repeat the answer I
have already given for whatever it is worth
to the argument by which the Senator under-
takes to say there was no private right here
at all. I am satisfied myself, and I hope I
have satisfied somebody else, that there was a
private right, that the citizens of the United
States who sustained this loss did have a just
claim upon Great Britain, and that that claim,
upon tbe solemn decisions of the courts of
Great Britain, and of our own courts, and of all
the courts of the civil law, passed by subroga-
tion to the insurance companies when they
paid the loss. Indeed, according to the deci-
sion of the Supreme Court before that, when
the property was abandoned to them ; but the
point of time is immaterial. Perhaps in every
one of these cases the abandonment only took
place when the claim was presented to the
insurance company for a total loss, and pay-
ment was made by it, which would be an act
of abandonment to the insurance company,
and,an acceptance of the abandonment by it.
Mr. President, tuat being the case, we see
that according to the law of the land these in-
surance companies—I use now the language
of one of the courts—had just as good title
to these claims as a man has to his land who
has a good grant of it in fee. They were just
as much the owners of these claims ; so much
so that if the Government of Great Britain
had paid a loss to one of the claimants who
was an original owner the insurance company
could have recovered it from him as money
had and received for its use. That is well and
perfectly settled. Their claim, therefore, was
perfect in law ; their title to it was just as
good as any title of any Senator to the house
he owns. Now, the question is whether, in
such a case as that, where the title was per-
fect and complete of the insurance companies,
and where that property thus owned by them
is the foundation of the award made by the tri-
bunal at Geneva, and the money comes into
our hands, we are not in morals a trustee for
the people whose property has thus been made
the foundation of the award? How can you
undertake to disregard that title which was
perfect in the insurance company ; just as per-
fect as it ever was in the insured ? It was not
disregarded by the tribunal at Geneva. The
claim was allowed. You cannot disregard it
unless you disregard the plain law, both civil
and common law. You cannot disregard it
unless you disregard the most solemn decisions
of the highest court of the United States,
affirmed no longer ago than at the last session
of the court, in a case in 13 Wallace. You
cannot disregard that right of property thus
vested, and you cannot take it away from them
without depriving them of a right of property
just as much vested in them as the right of
any man to the house in which he lives.
Mr. President, I have so much respect for
vested rights that I cannot undertake to de-
prive these people of rights that were vested
in them. I cannot find any argument that is
ingenious enough to enable me to get away from
the plain facts of the case, that it was the
claims of these insurance companies as well
as of others upon which the award was made.
But, sir, it does not stop here ; it is very far
from stopping here. On the treaty itself it is
equally clear to me ; and now let me say a few
words upon that.
It never was contemplated that the tribunal
at Geneva should proceed to make awards to
individuals. They were to determine certain
great principles; they were to determine the
liability of Great Britain in respect to certain
vessels, and then they had one of two courses
to take, not to make an award in favor of any
particular individual, but to ascertain as nearly
as might De what sum in gross would pay the
losses of the individuals, and they might pay
them over to the United States, or they might
decline to do that; and then what was to fol-
low? Then the tenth article provided for a
board of assessors to ascertain, upon the prin-
ciples laid down and the decision of the tri-
bunal at Geneva, what was the amount of loss
for which Great Britain should be liable.
Now, sir, suppose that board of assessors
had sat, suppose that the tribunal at Geneva
had not proceeded to award a sum in gross
and that board of assessors had sat, what
would it have done? It was by the very terms
of this treaty to hear each claim presented to
it by the United States. It was not to decide
whether Great Britain was liable for this ves-
sel, or that vessel, or the other. That had
been decided by the tribunal at Geneva. The
board of assessors was to proceed to the con-
sideration of individual claims. Those were
the claims which were to go before it. it was,
like an auditor or a commissioner in chancery,
to find out who it is that comes within the
decision of the tribunal at Geneva, and is
therefore entitled to compensation, and to find
the amount.
What then was to be done? There was a
case in which the claim of each individual
citizen would have been established by that
board of assessors eo nomine, that A B is
entitled to so much, and E F is entitled to so
much, and so on to the end of the chapter.
Then what? Then the aggregate of the
amounts thus found by the board of assessors
was to be paid how? Not directly by Great
Britain to the citizen, but to be paid to the
United States. Who can doubt in sueh a case
as that that it would have been the duty of
the United States to pay that money over
according to the decision of those assessors ?
Nobody can doubt it for a moment. If that
board of assessors had sat and found that A
B was entitled to £1,000, C D to £1,000, and
so on to the end of the chapter, and Great
Britain had paid the money, the sum total of
those awards, into the Treasury of the United
States, what man will say that the Uaited
.States would hold it in any other light than
as a trustee for the persons whose claims were
thus adjudicated and allowed ?
If the award is made in gross, precisely the
same principles obtain ; the only difference
is that instead of having this board of assesors
composed of one chosen by the Government
of Great Britain, one chosen by the Govern-
ment of the United States, and one chosen by
his Majesty the king of Italy, we are to have
a board of assessors provided by the Congress
of the United States. That is the whole dif-
ference. The principle of the distribution of
the funds or of ascertainment of the individual
losses is precisely the same in the one ease as
it is in the other. There is not one word in
the treaty that changes the nature of the
claim. And nosv I put it to the Senate—and
I hope the idea I am going to suggest will
be appreciated—whether the making of the
award in gross changes the nature of the ulti-
mate distribution of the money from what it
would be if the board of assessors had made
individual awards, so that we have placed it in
the power of the tribunal at Geneva to determ-
ine whether we shall have the money to do
whatever we please, as the Senator from Ver-
mont says we may, or whether it shall go to
the individual claimants who have suffered the
loss, Or their representatives?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Would the Senator like
to have an adjournment?
Mr. THURMAN. I would rather get
through; but if the Senate is getting impa-
tient I will yield.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not impatience, but
we desire to suit the Senator's convenience.
Mr. THURMAN. I would rath er go on.
Does anybody believe that the President and
Senate of the United States ever devolved
upon that tribunal at Geneva the right to say
whether this money thus to be paid by Great
Britain should go to the individual losers or
their representatives or assigns, or should go
into the Treasury of the United States, to be
disposed of without the slightest reference to
those individual losers or other claimants, to
be used for buildingcustom-houses or the like?
Does anybody believe that? And yet that is
the inevitable result of the argument that the
payment in gross makes a different rule from
the assessment of the awards by the board of
assessors. No, sir; no sueh tiling ever was
contemplated. The reason is precisely the
same in both cases. Whether the money is
distributed under an act of Congress, ht^ng
paid in gross 10 the United States, or whether
it is distributed upon awards made by the hoard
