2142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
appropriations for the repair, preservation,
and completion of certain public works on
rivers and harbors, and for other purposes,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. BUCKINGHAM, it was
Resolved,That the Senate insists upon their amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
Mr. Chandler, Mr. Buckingham, and Mr.
Viokeks were appointed the committee of
conference on the part of the Senate.
AMENDATORY TATIFF ACT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move that the
Senate resume the reconsideration of House
bill No. 4057. It will take but a moment. It
has been read.
Mr. PRATT. I think we had better go on
with the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio asks unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 4057 to amend an act entitled "An act to
reduce duties on imports and to reduce inter-
nal taxes, and for other purposes," approved
June 6, 1872, and for other purposes.
Mr. TIPTON. I ask that we proceed with
the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made. The next bill on the Calendar will
be reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio moves that the Calendar be
postponed in order that he may move to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill the title
of which has been read.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is any objection
to this bill when it is read I will not press it on
the Senate. We have stricken out everything
to which anybody objects.
Mr. CAMERON. I object, because I desire
the Calendar to be gone through with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. One ob-
jection does not carry over the motion to post-
pone the Calendar, which is the motion the
Senator from Ohio has now made. The ques-
tion is, Shall the Calendar be postponed in
order to enable the Senator from Ohio to move
to proceed to the consideration of the bill
named ?
The motion was agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 24, noes 15.
The Senate accordingly, as ih Committee
of the Whole, resumed consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 4057) to amend an act entitled
"An act to reduce duties on imports, and to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,"
approved June 6, 1872, and for other pur-
poses.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section one, lines six and
seven, to strike out the words " on macaroni
or vermicelli, thirty-five per cent, ad valo-
rem."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of sec-
tion five to insert " and no sale or pretended
sale of such goods shall be held to fix the
value of the same."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion six, as follows:
That section fifty-five of the aet of July 20,1868,
as amended by the act of June 6, 1872, be further
amended by adding to the first paragraph of said
section the words: "Provided further. That the
bonds required to be given for the exportation of
distilled spirits shall be canceled upon the present-
ation of the proper certificates that said distilled
spirits have been bonded at any port without the
jurisdiction of the United States, or upon satisfac-
tory proof that after shipment the same were lost
at sea."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I propose the following
amendment as a new section :
That where locomotive engines or railroad ears
manufactured partially of wood grown in the United
States are exported for drawback under section four
of the act of August 5,1861, entitled "An act to pro-
vide increased revenue from imports to pay the
interest on the public debt and for other purposes,"
such articles shall be entitled to such drawback
under that act in all cases where the imported ma-
terial exceeds one half of the value of the material
used.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I move to insert after line six,
section one, the words "and chiccory, five
cents a pound."
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senate will
not put any duties on this bill. As a matter
of course it raises trouble, and it may defeat
the bill. It is a proposition to raise the duty
on chiccory. I am surprised the Senator from
California should offer it. I hope it will not
be agreed to.
Mr. COLE. The reduction of the duty on
that article has destroyed a very valuable in-
terest in California, and the application to
have this item restored comes from agricul-
tural societies there and citizens of great re-
spectability, and those who are interested in
this manufacture, who are ruined really by the
change in the tariff.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of
eleven o'clock having arrived, it becomes the
duty of the Chair to lay before the Senate the
unfinished business of Saturday, being the
deficiency bill.
Mr. COLE. I am willing that that bill shall
be laid over for five minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the deficiency bill will be inform-
ally laid aside, in order to continue the con-
sideration of the bill reported by the Senator
from Ohio. The question is on agreeing to the
amendment proposed to that.bill by the Sen-
ator from California.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments were concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed, and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
louisa jenkins.
Mr. WINDOM. The Senator from Califor-
nia laid aside the deficiency bill for five minutes.
Now I want to make an appeal to him in be-
half of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Fekry,] who is not able to be here, and who
has very urgently requested me to ask in his
behalf of the Senate to act upon a little patent
bill that will not take five minutes. I ask the
consideration of Senate bill No. 1637 on behalf
of the Senator from Connecticut, who is not
able to be here.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. He also
requested me to do the like.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 1637)
for the relief of Louisa Jenkins, widow of Henry
Jenkins, deceased, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to extend for seven years the
letters-patent granted to Henry Jenkins, a citi-
zen of the United States, dated the 13th day
of January, 1852, and extended by the Com-
missioner of Patents for seven years from the
13th day of January, 1866, for an improved
method of uniting wrought and cast iron. No
person, firm, or corporation is to oe liable for
any damage or royalty for having made, vended,
or used the inveution since the expiration of
the patent, and prior to the passage of the
act.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there a report accom-
panying the bill ?
Mr. WINDOM. There is.
Mr. CONKLING. If it is brief I should
like to hear it read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report.
Mr. COLE. ^ I suppose -the Senator can
state the points in the case. That seems to be
a long report.
Mr. WINDOM. The report is not very long
and I prefer to have it read. It was prepased
by theSenator from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry.]
The report was read, as follows :
The Committee on Patents, to whom was referred
the memorial of Louisa Jenkins, widow of Henry
Jenkins, for an extension of the patent for an im-
proved method of connecting cast and wrought iron,
granted January 13, 1852, respectfully report, that
this invention consists in a very simple method of
connecting wrought and cast iron-work by means
of iron molds, divided in such a manner as to shut
upon tho work and permit an iron ornament to bo
cast directly in such molds, thus ornamenting and
at the same time uniting or firmly connecting the
parts together.
'That tha inventor was a poor man without the
means properly to develop and introduce his
invention.
That tho party to whom ho first leased the patent
failed to develop its utility, and at the end of nine
years he was obliged to take back the patent, receiv-
ing during this time but $800.
That he then made a second arrangement with an-
other party who agreed to pay him $1,200 per year
for his services and the use of the patent. This con-
tinued but four years, when, on account of the late
civil war, the parties sold their works, discontinuing
business, and an nulled their contract with him. The
patent, having but one year to run, proved of no
pecuniary advantage to him during this period.
That the inventor, aided by a friend, obtained an
extension of the patent by the Commissioner of
Patents for seven years, purchased ground and
erected a small factory, intending to manufacture
and develop his patent. Becoming involved, and
without means, at the end of two years he was
obliged to abandon the project.
That a company was then formed, based on the
merits of the invention, to develop and manufac-
ture under said patent, and had he lived giving to
the said company his time, talents, and experience,
and as an officer of the company, he would doubt-
less have received substantial benefit; but liis death
occurred at this time and left the company without
his valuable servioes, again putting m peril the
patent with all its advantages to himself or the pub-
lic. That since then the petitioner's only support
has been a voluntary payment of $000 per annum by
tho aforesaid company during the past three years.
That the company have since the inventor'sdeath
expended largely to develop and introduce the in-
vention without realizing any profit over and abovo
such outlay and the amount paid to his widow as
above stated.
That an extension of the patent will inure to the
benefit of the widow of said inventor sufficient to
give her ample support, without which she will be
utterly destitute, and at an age and in a feeble state
of health that will prevent her from supporting her-
self with her own hands,
Your committee have no doubt of the great valuo
of this invention to the public and that the inventor
used all due diligence to make it known under tho
greatest discouragements, and that he was never
adequately remunerated is fully proved by the evi-
dence submitted.
For these reasons, and the fact that notwithstand-
ing tho full term of twenty-one years has elapsed
since the patent was granted, the active life of the
patent, as stated in tho memorial, has been really
only seven years with inadequate returns to the in-
ventor ; your committee, in view of all the circum-
stances of the ease, consider tho application worthy,
and recommend that the patent be extended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Some years ago I was
a member of the Committee on Patents, and
obtained some knowledge in reference to these
applications for extensions of patents. As
the law formerly stood a patent was originally
granted for fourteen years, and there was au-
thority in the Commissioner of Patents to ex-
tend it for seven years more, making twenty-
one in all. I think the law has been changed
so that now a patent, is granted for seventeen
years. The reason of that change was to get
rid of applications for the extension of patents
by Congress. Parties who have a valuable
patent come with their petitions to Congress,
which, in my judgment, is the worst body ever
organized for the purpose of considering
claims._ The testimony presented is ex parte.
There is no way of investigating these ques-
tions as they are investigated in courts of law,
and it becomes frequently a matter of getting
up affidavits which mislead the committee that
has charge of these matters, and I have some-
times thought that about as many claims that
ought not to pass get through Congress as those
which are worthy of merit.
In order to rid Congress of these applica-
tions for the extension of patents we changed
the law and authorized the patent to issue in
the first instance for seventeen years, with the
hope that there would be no applications for
renewals. This is a case of a patent granted
