1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
52143
under the original law for fourteen years ; the
party has had an extension of seven years,
making twenty-one years, almost a generation.
Now, if the patent is good for anything, the
party has had an opportunity to realize profits
from it. If it is worthless, it ought not to be
extended. It is a sufficient encouragement
in the judgment of Congress to inventors to
allow them the exclusive use of their invention
for seventeen years. This party has had the
use of this invention for twenty-one years, and
Congress is now appealed to in behalf of his
widow to extend it still further. I think this
policy is all wrong, and that Congress should
give no encouragement to extending a patent
in any case beyond twenty-one years.
I ask if, after the policy which was adopted
a few years ago of changing the law for the very
purpose of avoiding these applications, Con-
gress is now prepared to extend patents be-
yond twenty-one years? . If so, then every man
•who has a patent will come here with his claim
asking to have it extended. He will bring his
affidavits that he has not made as much as he
thinks he ought to have made by his discovery;
somebody has litigated with him perhaps, or
there has been some objection. I have not
looked into this particular patent, but I vote
against the bill on principle, because Congress
ought not in any case by act of Congress to
extend a patent after the party has had one
extension and had the benefit of his patent
for twenty-one years.
Mr. CARPENTER. The honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois says he has not looked into
this case, and he therefore opposes it. I am
certain if lie had examined it he would concur
with the report of the committee. The commit-
tee entertain precisely the views which the Sen-
ator from Hl'mois has expressed. The commit-
tee, acting upon that opinion, have rejected, I
presume, nine out of every ten applications since
I have been on the committee for the renewal
of patents. Indeed, we have been so rigid
that the applications are diminishing very rap-
idly. Very few have been made at this session
in comparison with former sessions. But there
is now and then a case where any candid man
who sits down and examines it will_ say there
ought to be an extension. If there is no such
ease, then abolish the Patent Committee.
I am perfectly satisfied this bill ought to
pass, as well satisfied as I am that nine out of
ten that are presented ought not to pass. The
committee, on a full examination of the case,
entertaining precisely the view of the Senator
from Illinois ia general, have thought this
ought to be made an exception, and I have
no doubt that if he would take, or could take,
the time to examine it he would concur with
the committee. The report of the committee
was unanimous.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to ask the
Senator from Wisconsin whether we have in
any instance extended a pateut by act of Con-
gress after a party has had one extension and
had twenty-one years.
Mr. CARPENTER. I think so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not known such
an instance of late years at any rate.
Mr. VVINDOM. There are quite a number
of such cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have done it after
a party has had the benefit ol the patent for
fourteen years, and from some reason or other
has been prevented from getting an extension
without his own fault, when perhaps the letters
containing his application for an extension
miscarried or something of that kind. That
has been done, and we have often allowed the
parties to go a second time before the Com-
missioner to make application ; but although
the Senator from Minnesota says there are
many such cases, my attention has not been
called to them. I know it was not done some
years ago when I was a member ot the Com-
mittee on Patents. I am very sure we passed
no single case for extending a patent by act
of Congress after the party had had the benefit
of his patent for twenty-one years.
Mr. WINDOM. We have passed several
cases, perhaps half a dozen at this Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware of it.
If such is the case, it is time it was stopped.
Mr. CORBETT. It is time it was stopped
in a proper case, but there are cases where it
ought not to be stopped, and I hope it will
not be stopped here.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Shall the
bill be engrossed for a third reading?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for a division.
I do not want to take time, and therefore I
will not call for the yeas and nays. I want
to see if the Senate is prepared by act of
Congress to extend patents beyond twenty-one
years.
The question being put; there were, on a
division—ayes 28, noes 12.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading. It was read the third time,
and passed.
charges against senator clayton.
Mr. COLE. I call for the regular order,
the deficiency bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. Before the Secretary com-
mences the reading of the bill, I wish to say
one thing to the Senate. Some days since it
will be remembered that a majority of the
committee appointed to inquire into certain
charges against the Senator from Arkansas
[Mr. Clayton] made their report. A few
days since the minority report was made. In
view of the fact that the testimony is not yet
printed or on our desks and of the condition
of the business of this session of the Senate, I
desire to say that I shall not expect to call up
that report at this session of the Senate; but
if I can give notice so as to reach the next
session I wish to say that I purpose calling
up that report at the very earliest moment
possible at the next session of the Senate. In
thus conceding that the matter go over 1 do
so without any possible prejudice to the report
of the committee or the person implicated.
deficiency bill.
Mr. COLE. I move now that the Senate
proceed with the deficiency appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No._ 4051)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1873, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations will be read.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations, which was on page 1, after
line eight, to insert the following clause;
Senate:
For clerks to committees, pages, and so forth, for
the fiscal year ending Juno 30,1872, $864: for com-
pensation and mileage, §7,000; for folding documents
and materials, $4,500, and for lurniture ana repairs,
#6,000; in all, $17,500.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have that amend-
ment reserved. I will not detain the Senate
now, but when it comes into the Senate I wish
to make some observations on it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 2, after
line sixteen, to insert "for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873," to precede the appro-
priations in the House bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page _2, line
twenty-eight, after the word ''Madrid," to
strike out the word " in and in lines twenty-
nine and thirty to reduce the appropriation
" for additional compensation to the consuls
of the United States at Havre and La Rochelle,
for extraordinary services during the late war
in Europe, to be paid from the unexpended
balance remaining to the credit of the appro-
priation for diplomatic and consular war ex-
penses in London, Paris, Berlin, and Madrid,
such sums as the Secretary of State may allow,
with the approval of the President," from
$25,000 to ''not exceeding $1,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 4, file
ninety-one, in the appropriations for Mint,
branches, and assay offices, to increase the
appropriation "for incidental and contingent
expenses for the fiscal year endicg June 80,
1873," from $6,000 to $13,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 8, line
one hundred and eighty, after the word " dol-
lars," in the clause appropriating $60,000 "to
pay the commissions allowed by law and now
due to collectors of customs acting as super-
intendents of lights," to add the following
proviso:
Provided, That all laws authorizing such com-
missions are hereby repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 10, line
two hundred and thirty-seven, under the head
of military establishment, Quartermaster's De-
partment, to reduce the appropriation " for
stoves for heating and cooking, fuel for offi-
cers, enlisted men, guards, hospitals, store-
houses, and offices, for fiscal year 1873 ; forage
for the horses, mules, and oxen of the Quar-
termaster's Department at the several posts
and stations, and with the armies in the field, '
and for the horses of the several regiments
of cavalry and batteries of artillery, such
companies of infantry and scouts as may be
mounted, and for the authorized number of
officers' horses, including bedding for the
animals, straw for soldiers' bedding, stationery,
including blank books for the Quartermaster's
Department, certificates of discharged sol-
diers, blank forms for the Pay and Quarter-
master's Departments, and for the printing of
division and department orders and reports,
each item being for fiscal year 1873," from
$590,000 to $500,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 23, line
five hundred and sixty-one, to strike out "and"
before "provided and to strike out " fur-
that," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
ther" before "that;" soastoread, "Provided,
The next amendment was on page 26, after
line six hundred and seventeen, to insert the
following:
That the sum of $251,55 97 be, and .the same is
hereby, appropriated out of any money iQ the Treas-
ury of the United States, and not otherwise appro-
priated, for the purpose of reimbursing the Ureek
orphan fund: Provided, That all bonds heretofore
purchased with moneys belonging to this fund shall
he the property of the United States. ^
That the Secretary ot the Interior is hereby re-
quired to cause the money appropriated by this act
to bo paid directly to the Creek orphans, their hairs,
descendants, or distributees.
That all contracts or agreements of any kind made
by the Creek orphans or their delegates with any
citizen or citizens of the United States, to pay any
money or other thing of value in consideiation 01
services rendered, or claimed to have been rendered,
in connection with or relating to the Creek orphan
fund, if any such there be, are hereby declared null
and void.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 26, after
line six hundred and thirty-six, to insert the
following clause:
That the sum of $297,890 25 is hereby appropriated,
out of any money nototherwise appropriated, to pay
arrears of interest found due the Chickasaws under
estimate of the Department of the Interior under
the Chickasaw treaties of 1832.
Mr. 8HJERMAN. I think amendments in
volving such very large sums ought to be ex-
plained at least, especially when they come in
at this stage of the session.
Mr, COLE. I do not. see any member of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, which proposed
