1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses, approved June 10, 1872 : which was |
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
RELIEF OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. MOREYalsointroducedabill (H. R.No.
3177) for the relief of all political disabilities
imposed by the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, and supple-
mental to an act entitled "An act to protect
till citizens of the United States in their civil
rights, and to furnish the means for their vin-
dication." passed April 9, 1806 ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
Uuited States, and ordered to be printed.
CHARLES MORGAN.
Mr. SYPHER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
31781 fur the relief of Charles Morgan ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. STEVENSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3179) to accept the Louisville and Port-
land canal and reduce tolls thereon ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee ou Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
BARK ALYKRADO.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3180) to adjudicate the rights and losses
of Isaac Taylor, owner of the bark Alverado,
of Boston, Massachusetts; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
EQUALIZATION OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. SHELLABARGER introduced a bill
i II. R. No. 3181) to equalize bounties ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
'.hp Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
REPEAL OP STAMP DUTIES.
'Mr. MONliOE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3182) to repeal certain stamp duties ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
EXAMINATION OF BANKS.
Mr. MONROE also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3183) Jo authorize the examination of
certain banks ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency, and ordered to be printed.
ADDITIONAL BOUNTY.
Mr. UPSON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3184) to extend to men transferred from the
Army to the Navy the benefit of the act in re-
lation to additional bounties ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
A1IOS ARMSTRONG.
Mr. UPSON also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3186) for the relief of Amos Armstrong ;
which wag read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
SURETIES or DANIK& PRICE.
Mr. AMBLER introduced a bill (5. R. No.
3186) for the relief of Charles W. Fierce and
Jacob C. Brubacker, sureties on the official
bond of Daniel Price, late Postmaster at Liv-
ingston, Sumter county, Alabama; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
PROTECTION OP NORTHWESTERN FRONTIER.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 3187) to provide for the better
protection of the northern and northwestern
frontier, and to facilitate commerce and
diminish the expenses of the exchanges be-
tween States ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
AUGUSTA PAULSEN.
Mr. KERR introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3188) for the relief of Augusta Paulsen ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to ,
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
HOUNTJES TO SOLDIERS OF THE WAli OF 1812.
Mr. KERR also introduced a bill (H. R. ,,
No. 3189) to amend an act granting pensions >■
to certain soldiers and sailors of the war of
1812. and the widows of deceased soldiers, ap- ,
proved February 14, 1871; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be I
printed.
GEORGE WASHINGTON.
Mr. KERR also introduced a bill (EI. R.
No. 3190) granting a pension to George Wash- (
ington; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
TWO PER CENT. CLAIMS OF WESTERN STATES.
Mr. KERR. I present a joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Indiana, in re-
lation to the two per cent, claims of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois now pending before Con-
gress ; and I ask that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and printed. I would
inquire further, if it would be in order to have
the resolution read ?
The SPEAKER. It will be, if the gentle-
man especially desires it.
Mr. KERR. I would like to have it read.
The joint resolution was read as follows:
A joint resolution in relation to the two p.er cent.
claims of Ohio, Indiana, anil Illinois, now pending
before Congress.
Whereas there is % bill now pending before the
Congress of the United States in relation to the two
per cent, claims of the States aforesaid, the substan-
tial part of which jeads as follows: "That the true
intent and meaning of the second section of the act
approved March 3,1857, entitled ' An act to settle i
, certain accounts between the United States and the
1 State of Mississippi and other States,' is that all the
other States, to wit, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
which have not received the full amount of their
five per cent, of the net proceeds of the sale of thf*
pablio lands, lying within their respective limits, as
mentioned in their several enabling acts, in money,
. shall have their accounts stated, both on the public
lands and reservations, and such cash balance as
has not been paid to said States, allowed and paid
and whereas it is the judgment of this General
! Assembly that the provisions of the said bill are just
and ought to become a law: Therefore,
Be it resolved by th-e General Assembly of the State
of Indiana, That our Senators in Congrees be, and
they are hereby, instructed, and our Representatives
requested, to vote for said bill, and use their influ-
ence to procure its speedy passage.
Be it further resolved, That the Governor be, and
is hereby, requested to transmit a copy of this joint
resolution to each of our Senators and Representa-
tives in the Congress of the United States.
, W. K. EDWARDS,
Speaker of the House of Jiepresenfatives.
\ GEORGE W. FRIEDLEY,
j President of the Senate.
Originated in the Senate:
j D. H. OLIVE,
Principal Secretary of the Senate.
j State of Indiana,
Office op Secretary of Statb.
I I, John H. Farquhar, secretary of State of the
State of Indiana, do hereby certify that the above
> and foregoing is a full, true, and complete copy of
enrolled joint resolution No. 2, senate, passed by
the General Assembly of the State of Indiana, en-
titled, "A joint resolution in relation to the two
per cent, claims of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, now
j pending before Congress," and now filed in the office
; of secretary of Stato, as a part of the archives
! thereof.
| In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand
i and affixed the seal of the State, at the city
[l. a.] of Indianapolis, this 13th day of December,
A. D. 1872.
JOHN H. FARQUHAR,
Secretary of State.
By 0. M. EDDY, Deputy.
The joint resolution was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS OF INDIANA.
Mr. HOLMAN presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Indiana, in-
structing the Senators and requesting the Rep-
resentatives from that State to vote against
any measure in Congress to divide the State
into two or more judicial districts ; which was
read at length, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
The joint resolution is as follows:
A joint resolution instructing our Senators and re-
questing our Representatives to vote against any
measure in Congress to divide the State into two
or more judioial districts.
Whereas a bill is now pending in the Congress of
the United States for the division of the district of
Indiana into two judioial distriots, creating a new
district of that portion of the State lying south of
the counties of Wayne, Honry, Hancock, Marion,
Hendricks, Putnam, Parke, and Vermillion; and
whereas the publio interests do not require a new
district in this State, as the amount of business is
not greater than can readily be disposed of by the
present judicial force, and the multiplication of dis-
tricts greatly increases the expenses of the General
Government and the burdens of the public; and
whereas the proposed new district, so far as the
great body of people within its limits is concerned,
will occasion great inconvenienee by compelling par-
ties, witnesses, jurors, and counsel to travel a much
greater distance than now by a circuitous route, and
at greatly increased expense: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives o f the General Assembly of the State of Indiana,
That our Senators be instructed and our Represent-
atives in Congress be requested to oppose the passage
of any such bill.
2. That the Governor be requested to cause copies
of this joint resolution to be certified to the said
Senators and Representatives.^ EDWARDS_
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
GEO. W. FRIEDLEY,
President of the Senate.
CONRAD BAKER,
Governor.
MICHAEL M'GRAYBL.
Mr. HOLMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3191) granting a pension to Captain
Michael McGrayel; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
HARRIET M'LEASTER.
Mr. HOLMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3192) granting a pension to Harriet
McLeaster; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
FRANCIS O. BUFFINGTON.
Mr. HOLMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3193) for the relief of Francis C. Buf-
fington; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
CECILY SCHUETZER.
Mr. HOLMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3194) granting a pension to Cecily
Schnetzer; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
ANTONIO PELLETIER.
Mr. PACKARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3195) to authorize the President of the
United States to request the republic of Hayti
to indemnify Antonio Pelletier; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
PETER ZIMMBR.
Mr. PACKARD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3196) granting a pension to Peter
Zimmer; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
WILLIAM H. WAREHAM.
Mr. PACKARD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3197) granting a pension to William
H. Wareham ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
BREVET APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. COBURN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3198) relating to certain brevet appointments ;
