2144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
this amendment, present, and I ask that it be
passed over until the members of that com-
mittee come in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the whole of
the amendments on pages 26 and 27 in regard
to these large appropriations for Indians be
passed over at present. It is an old matter,
and 1 think it ought not be put on a deficiency
bi.U on the last day of the session. I desire
that it be either rejected or passed over.
Mr. CORBETT. I thiuk the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Stevenson] had charge of it.
Let it be passed over until he comes in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be passed over.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 27, after line
six hundred and forty-three, to insert the
following:
To enable the Secretary of War to pay for ex-
penses incurred in suppressing Indian hostilities in
the Territory of Montana in the year 1867, to the
person entitled thereto, the several amounts, as re-
ported upon by General James A. Hardie, under the
provisions of section ton of an act entitled "An act
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government, and for other purposes, for the
year ending .Tune 30, 1870," approved July 15,1870;
and for that purpose there is hereby appropriated,
Irom any money in the Treasury of theUnited States
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $513,343, or
so much thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. BOREMAN. There was a special bill
passed on that subject yesterday.
Mr. COLE. It made no appropriation, and
this is to go in conjunction with that. That
would be nugatory so far as any benefit from it
is concerned without the appropriation. That
is the way I understand the matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here is another matter
that has been debated in the Senate several
years, and ought not to pass at this stage of the
session. I do not want to stand here in the
way of necessary appropriations lor which
there is a strong pressure.
Mr. SCOTT. Has the special bill on this
subject become a law yet?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am told we passed a
special bill for this purpose last night.
Mr. SPRAGUE. But no money was appro-
priated in that bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I think the Secretary of
War reported this claim favorably and desired
its payment on a report made by General
Hardie. It was before the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, and they examined it and reported
favorably upon it. 1 think it is correct.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The bill
to which the amendment refers has not yet
become a law. It was under discussion last
night and we amended it; it went back to the
House, and it is no law as yet. Why are we
to make appropriations for subjects upon which
the Senate have not yet passed? We have no
certainty that it will become a law. We have
here an appropriation unauthorized by law.
Mr. LOGAN. If there was no bill at'all
the appropriation itself would be a bill now;
and that the appropriation is correct is evi-
denced by the lact that the bill has passed
both Houses, and the only amendment that
was made to it was removing an objectionable
feature which made the bill much better for
the claimants if passed in that shape. Sothere
certainly can be no objection to the appropria-
tion when both Houses have considered the
bill and recognized the propriety of passing it,
and when it has been recommended by the
Secretary of War. This appropriation is made
in accordance with a recommendation made by
the Secretary of War for the purpose of carry-
ing out the estimate made by the Inspector
General, General Hardie, which was author-
ized, I will say to the Senator from Maryland,
and the only reason for the bill which was
passed last night is this: A law was passed, as
was read last night in the report from the Sec-
retary's table, requiring the Secretary of War
to make investigation and report to Congress
the amount of the claims that were entitled to
be paid. 1 n pursuance of that law the investi-
gation has been made and the report made,
and the recommendation to Congress for the
appropriation. Hence, the appropriation itself
would be sufficient without the law we passed
last night, and I hope there will be no objec-
tion to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am told I was not pres-
ent last night in the debate ; that it was then
8aid the whole amount necessary to pay these
Montana war claims would be $100,000.
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, no.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was so informed.
Mr. LOGAN. You were misinformed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought the elaim was
half a million.
Mr. LOGAN. I will state to the Senator
that General Hardie reported on the differ-
ent claims on the testimony he received, and
he made a reduction of from twenty to forty
per cent., and in some cases more, estimating
what he considered the true value of the prop-
erty furnished; and his report amounts to
$513,000. The statement I made last night,
based on what was before the Military Com-
mittee, was, in regard to a great many of these
claims vouchers had not been presented, and
that upon the vouchers which had been pre-
sented the claims would amount to between
three and four hundred thousand dollars, but it
the vouchers were presented for all the claims
allowed by the investigation the sum would
reach $513,000. These are the facts stated
here last night.
This appropriation, I will say further to the
Senate, is in pursuance of a reference made to
the Committee on Appropriations by the Sec-
retary of War, and the reference of the report
to the Military Committee, there being two
members on the committee who belonged to
the Military Committee. The report was re-
ferred to them that it might be put in the ap-
propriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. MORTON. I heard about these claims
a few years ago, and I have paid no attention
to them since, but I think thia amendment
ought not to pass.
The amendment was agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 25, noes 15.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 28, to strike out
lines six hundred and seventy to six hundred
and seventy-four, inclusive, in the following
words:
To reimburse S. "Wolf, recorder of deeds for the
District of Columbia, for certain books of record and
indexes purchased by him tor the use of his office in
the years 1871 and 1872, $1,650.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 28, line
six hundred and eighty-four, after the words
"direction of," to strike out the words "the
warden and vestry of Washington parish, Dis-
trict of Columbia, $2,000" and insert "and;"
and at the end of the clause to insert" $2,000,"
so as to read:
For repair and improvement of the Congressional
Cemetery, to be expended under the direction of
and on vouchers to bo approved by the officer in
charge of pub.lc buildings and grounds of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 80, to
strike out lines seven hundred and fifteen to
seven hundred and nineteen, inclusive, in the
following words ;
To provide for printing certificates for the use of
the board of finance of the commission charged with
arranging for the approaching centennial anniver-
sary ot the Declaration ol Independence, 8i!0,300.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust nobody will think
of striking out this appropriation. This is a
national affair, in which all the people of the
United States have an interest, and in which
they are beginning to evince their interest, and
here a little sum of $20,000, a trifle which we
ask should be paid for the printing, which is
to benefit every State in the Union, is pro-
posed to be stricken out. There are commis-
sioners appoipted from every State and every
Territory in the Union in this centennial com-
mission, and all should contribute something
toward it. I am ashamed to think that on this
oceasion, within three years of the one hun-
dredth anniversary of our country 's birth, any-
body in this Congress, especially in the Senate
after it has passed the other House, the popu-
lar branch, should think of striking out this
appropriation. I trust it will not be stricken
out, but if it is we will try and pay for it our-
selves. Pennsylvania asks little and she gets
nothing. -
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator what kind of certificates these are?
I do not understand it.
Mr. CAMERON. I believe they are certifi-
cates to be issued for the purpose of enabling
everybody in the country to take part in this
anniversary and contribute a small sum. The
commissioners have made a stock of ten dol-
lars a share, and these certificates are evidence
of that stock, and the stock is to be distrib-
uted among the people of the whole United
States. It is a pretty large sum for an asso-
ciation of private gentlemen to put of their
own money in this affair, and they have got
nothing from the public yet, and they do not
desire anything until they have shown how
much they have done themselves. If the
Commissioner of Agriculture were to ask you
to give him $20,000 for seeds about which
nobody ever heard, and from which probably
nobody would ever derive any benefit, you
would think it a mere trifle ; but here for a
little bit of printing to be done in our own
Printing Office, somebody objects to giving
this small sum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have the honor ol'
Pennsylvania at heart just as much as the Sen-
ator from that State, because, so far as honor
goes, we all represent all the States, and I
remember that the representative of Pennsyl-
vania m this Chamber when we passed the in-
corporation bill to incorporate these private
gentlemen assured us that they intended to
make no demand upon the Treasury in any
way ; that if we would strain our powers a
little and make them a corporation, it was all
the favor they asked of us ; that they had the
pride and the capital both to carry On this ex-
position upon their own resources. Upon that
pledge we did strain a constitutional point and
created these gentlemen a corporation to carry
on this patriotic and notable affair in their own
way.
Now, having this sensibility about honor, I do
thiuk, Mr President, that we should do these
gentlemen an injustice, because I cannot think
they have asked us to force upon them a pay-
ment, of part of their expenses out of the Treas-
ury, when you might just a3 well, in point of
law, and in point ot taxation, pay the expenses
of a corporation in my State, created for some
proper public purpose, whether a corporation
for taking care of soldiers' orphans, if you
please, or a cemetery corporation, or whatever
it might be, as do this. I hope these gentle-
men will wait until they have succeeded in
their great exposition, and then, if it should
happen that the thing has been patriotically
and fairly carried on, and they are out of
pocket, we can consider whether consistently
with the public interests we should help make
up the difference.
Mr. CAMERON. My friend from Vermont
is hardly sincere in this. 1 told him the peo-
ple of Philadelphia would take care of all the
appropriations in regard to this exposition.
They have done so thus far certainly. Com-
missioners have been sent there from all parts
of the country, and Philadelphia has extended
her hospitality and invested her money, and
done it cheerfully and gladly. This is for
printing, which is to go abroad through the
whole Union, m every part of the country. It
is not printing for the city of Philadelphia, or
