1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2145
a donation to the city of Philadelphia. I
promise the Senator from Vermont that if I
am here at the next centennial anniversary, if
he has a place up at Montpelier, in Vermont,
I will agree to vote for an appropriation for
Vermont. [Laughter.] I do not think he
can make any objection now to that offer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the committee.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. What have
we got to do with that corporation? That
corporation ought to attend to this printing.
We shall have every banking corporation in the
country, and every other kind of corporation,
asking us to print their certificates for them,
and with as much propriety as this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 31, to strike out
lines seven hundred and forty-nine to seven
hundred and fifty-five, inclusive, in the follow-
ing words:
To enable the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of
Representatives to pay the members of the Forty-
First Congress from the State of Mississippi for the
time embraced in the period between the 4th day of
March, 1860, and the 30th day of November, 1669, a
sufficient sum is hereby appropriated.
Mr. COLE. I will not ask concurrence in
that amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask a concurrence.
The House of Representatives have no juris-
diction over the public Treasury and over the
tax-payers that we have not. This is a pro-
vison which the committee have very properly
proposed to strike out, a provision contrary to
law for paying men double pay, paying men
who lap over, paying two men at the same
time, or else paying people double. I do not
know which of the cases it is. My attention
was not called to it before, but I hope we shall
agree with the committee in striking it out.
Mr. BOREMAN. The Senator from Ver-
mont is evidently mistaken when he thinks
this is to pay two persons for the same time
or to pay double. The case as represented to
me is this: these gentlemen from Mississippi
were not elected until the fall of 1869 ; the
State as reconstructed had not been recognized
and her Representatives admitted prior to
that; and therefore the Sergeant-at-Arms did
•not pay them back to the 4th of March. Vir-
ginia and Texas were in precisely the same
Situation, and resolutions were passed in those
[cases paying their Representatives back to
the 4th of March, and it was a mere oversight,
as I am informed, in this case that the same
resolution was not passed for the Mississippi
members by which this payment would have
been made out of the contingent fund of the
House. The Virginia and Texas Representa-
tives were paid under precisely similar cir-
cumstances. Here is Connecticut, which does
not elect until after the 4th of March, and
some other States elect later, some in August,
and yet when their Representatives come in
they get paid back to the 4th of March, the
beginning of the term. No persons _ from
Mississippi, as I am informed, were paid for
representing that State for the time here men-
tioned. These are the facts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator a
question, whether this is to provide for their
payment before the State was recognized as
in the Union ?
Mr. BOREMAN. Yes, sir, I think so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If so, it is directly in the
face of all the laws we have passed on the
subject.
Mr. BOREMAN. The precedent that I
state was this: in the case of Texas and Vir-
ginia the Representatives were paid.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not by law.
Mr. BOREMAN. I may be mistaken, but
I think so.
Mr. THURMAN. There have been some
reports in the Senate on similar questions. I
42i> OONU. 3D —No. 135.
made one of the reports myself, and the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] 1 think,
made another. We considered the question
in the Committee on the Judiciary, and came
to the conclusion that was adopted by the Sen-
ate, that where a State was not entitled to rep-
sentation the pay of the member could not go
behind the time when it was entitled to repre-
sentation. That was the decision, and we
acted upon that in paying the Georgia Senators
and some others, that the pay could not com-
mence until the State was entitled to represent-
ation. I thought it was always entitled after
the suppression of the rebellion ; but Congress
having decided otherwise, they were paid only
from the time the State was declared to be
entitled to representation. But where a State
was entitled to representation, the pay would
begin on the 4th of March. That was decided
in the case of the Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Ransom] and the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Vickers,] the first by a unanimous vote,
and the second I believe without a single dis-
sent.
Mr. SAWYER. The amendment under con-
sideration rests upon the principle which was
laid down in the House in the Texas case and
in the Virginia case. The House has been in
the habit of assuming to itself the power to regu-
late the payment of its own members. It has
in all similar cases carried the payment of
members back to the 4th of March or the be-
ginning of the Congress to which the members
were elected when there had been no otherper-
son occupying the position. The Senate have
adopted a different rule. The House would
have paid this money out of the contingent
fund if it had been brought to their notice at
the time, as they did in the case of Texas and
the case of Virginia; but the House not having
the power to go back and pay out of their
present contingent fund for the Forty-First
Congress, have put it into this bill. It is for
the Senate to say whether they will attempt to
interfere with the rule which the House has
laid down for itself up to this time.
Mr. BOREMAN. I wish to state a fact in
addition to what I stated before, so that I may
not create a false impression in regard to this
matter. When I stated that the Representa-
tives of Virginia and Texas had been paid I
did not mean that they had been paid by a law
of Congress, but in pursuance of a resolution
passed by the House of Representatives in-
structing the Sergeant-at-Arms to pay them
out of the contingent fund of that House. A
similar resolution was pending in regard to
these gentlemen, and was omitted by a mere
oversight; otherwise they would have been put
on the same footing with the Representatives
from those two States aud would have received
their pay ; but that Congress having expired,
the contingent fund of the House cannot now
be applied to this purpose. I think we ought
to yield to the House in this matter and pay
these gentlemen.
The"VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say one word
before the question is taken. The committee
report to strike this clause out,, as it ought to
be stricken out. It is said that the House of
Representatives out of its contingent fund paid
other members upon the same principle as this.
If the House of Representatives did that out of
its contingent fund, in my opinion it violated the
spirit of the law. I have no right to ailude to
its proceedings, and only mention this in reply
to the argument of my friend from West Vir-
ginia. The law has been settled, I assure
him ; it has been carefully examined and was
reported upon from the Judiciary Committee
by the then chairman, my friend from illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull,] aud again by the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman ;] so that it seems
to be clear that the only solid basis upon
which you can stand is. not to pay a person
for representing a State in Congress when
there was not any State and carry him baek
by a mere construction, a fictitious construc-
tion of law, to a time when he neither per-
formed service nor held any office.
Mr. BOREMAN. I inquire of the Senator
from Vermont if that is not done every day?
Connecticut does not elect until after Con-
gress begins, and Kentucky does not elect, I
believe, until August; yet those Representa-
tives are paid back to the 4th of March.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So they are, and it is
open to some question whether they ought to
be; but the State of Connecticut is still in the
Union ; she is still all the time entitled to repre-
sentation. In this case nobody had a right to
represent Mississippi for the time when this
moneyisto be paid ; nobody was undertaking to
represent her, and nobody performed any ser-
vice ; so that the cases are entirely distinguish-
able. You might as well pay a man on the
admission of a new State back for a Congress
or two while the State was still a Territory,
before the State had come into existence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am surprised that
there should be an attempt to make payment
to these parties. They come and ask money
for what? For services rendered? No. Be-
cause there was any office for them to fill 1
No. On what principle I should like to know
are men to be paid for their services in Con-
gress before there was any constituency they
had a right to represent, before they were
elected? It does seem to me that the claim
is without any foundation whatever, and I am
surprised that it should find any advocates at
all. Take one of the southern States that
were in the rebellion, that by their own aet to
say the least were without representation ;
their Representatives withdrew from Congress.
You might as well undertake to pay persons
during the whole war for services in Congress
when the State would not be represented in
Congress and had no right to be represented
in Congress as to undertake to pay persons be-
fore the States were recognized as entitled to
representation, after they had withdrawn their
representation and made war upon the Gov-
ernment. It. does seem to me that such a
proposition as this ought to receive the sup-
port of no one.
Mr. ALCORN. The friends of the amend-
ment are certainly surprised that there should
be any objection to the payment of these
members of Congress. Now, sir, I have
never been able to ascertain, and I do not
know that the reader of history will ever find
out, whether the southern States were out of
the Union or not. I know one thing, that
the South did for four long years make a most
terrible fight to try to get out of the Union ;
and I know another thing, that they did not
succeed in withdrawing themselves from the
Union, for it was declared that they were
never out, always in, and never should go out.
If under the law of Congress, Mississippi had
elected Representatives to the Congress of
the United States during the period of that
revolution, and those Representatives had been
prevented by no act of their own from serving
in Congress, I contend it would have been
proper to pay them for that serviee, for they
would have been in the line of obedience to
the law ; they would have been in the line of
support to the Government.
How were these members of Congress
elected ? Were they not elected under the law
of Congress? Were they not elected to the
Forty-First Congress, and was not Mississippi
at the time that election was ordered entitled
to representation in Congress? Had not Con-
gress authorized the election to be held and
members elected? Certainly. These mem-
bers were elected to the Forty-First Congress
under the law of Congress. They placed them-
selves precisely in the line of duty. They were
members of that Congress, and the precedent
is everywhere established that they were
entitled to pay for the full term of that Con-
gress. It was so in the case of Texas, which
