1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1185
It appears from the report that during the
years 1839, 1810, and 1841, the husband of the
memorialist, McKean Buchanan, was attached
as purser to the frigate Constitution, then the
flagship of the Pacific squadron, under the
command of the late Commodore Alexander
Claxton.
The salary of pursers in the Navy at that
time was forty dollars per month, and, in addi-
tion, certain perquisites were allowed by cus-
tom and usage.
These consisted chiefly of commissions of
ten per cent, on public stores of the Govern-
ment, distributed to the sailors, or slops on
board the vessel; and on the sales to the officers
and men of the private stores of the purser,
laid in by him under regulations and restric-
tions.
It seems to have become a custom, per-
mitted, if not sanctioned, by the Nayy Depart-
ment, to fix these commissions at twenty-five
per cent, on articles of secondary importance,
and fifty per cent, on luxuries ; and this per-
centage was added as an advance upon the
first cost, and formed a part of the selling price;
and it may be added that this percentage was
the only means that parsers had of making
their pay equivalent to that of other officers
of like rank.
In conformity with the abovementioned
custom and usage, it appears that Purser
Buchanan laid in his stores for the cruise, and
for a portion of the voyage sold them at rates
above named. But subsequently the commo-
dore prohibited any further sale at those rates,
and he was forced to dispose of his stores at
reduced rates, or keep them, at the risk of
great deterioration or loss. It is alleged that
this arbitrary order was made to apply to
Purser Buchanan only, of all other pursers in
the service. From this order an appeal was
mcde to the Navy Department, but the Secre-
tary confir med the order, and Purser Buchanan
settled his accounts in conformity therewithal
the Treasury.
To test the legality of this order, an am-
icable suit was brought in the district court for
the eastern district of Pennsylvania, upon the
official bonds of Purser Buchanan, to recover
a balance of $11,535 50, alleged to be due by
him. The defense was that certain credits
were disallowed by the accounting officers of
the Government:
1. Charge of commission for drawing bills
of exchange.
2. Charge of commissions on payments to
mechanics and laborers at navy-yard, Pensa-
eola.
3. Loss of commissions and depreciation of
property.
4. Loss of commissions ou sale of slops.
Amounting in the aggregate to $13,303 30.
The verdict of the jury was for the defend-
ant for $12,044 22, deducting the claim of the
Government therefrom, and leaving a balance
of $508 70 for the defendant.
The jury estimated in their verdict "Loss
of commisions, $5,277 46," which was a part
of $12,044 22. . .
The case was appealed to the circuit court,
and the judgment of the district court was con-
firmed, and an appeal was finally made to the
Supreme Court of the United States, and may
be found reported volume eight, Howard, 83.
The supreme court reversed the judgment
of the court below, and held substantially that
the Government is not responsible for a wrong
committed by one officer upon another, unless
there is some previous recognition of Congress
of a right to indemnify, and say, in rendenng
their decision :
" Butit is gratifying to reflect that resort to Congress
is nNo open for relief anil with success, undoubtedly ,
should the defendant be able to satisfy Congress be
Wits wronged by the commodore, ami tb.it it is J usumci
proper for the Government to atone for any injui5
done to him by another."
The court, in this ease, settle^ the law ad-
verse to the defendant as to the liability of the
Government for the arbitrary acts of one
42i> Cong. 3r> Sess.—No. 75.
officer toward another, but point him to Con-
gress as a final resort.
It appears to the committee that Purser
Buchanan acted in good faith in shipping "his
stores" on board the Constitution, to be sold
to officers and men, under certain customs and
usages understood to have been established in
the service, and in being prohibited from selling
the same with the percentage named suffered
losses thereby, as he was bound to obey the
order of the commodore, his superior officer.
From the circumstances of the case, this
committee feel justified in following the ver-
dict of the jury before named, in which they
estimate the "loss of commissions" $5,277 66,
and recommending the payment of that sum to
his widow, in full satisfaction of his claim of
the estate of the deceased. It may also be
remarked that this case was reported upon by
the Committee on Naval Affairs August 17,
1852, that committee coming to like conclu-
sions, and recommending the payment of the
same sum.
Your committee recommend the payment
of the sum named, and present the accom-
panying bill for the relief of the memorialist.
Mr. KERR. It seems to me that this bill
ought not to pass. I listened with as much care
as I could to the report of the committee, but I
failed to discover in it any sufficient reason to
set aside the decision of the court. It seems,
to me the court, having competent jurisdiction,
sustained the action of the superior officer on
legal grounds, and I now see no reason why
this should be put on any other ground than
that of legal right. The gentleman who has
charge of the bill may perhaps be able to state
some other reason why it ought to pass than
that set forth in the report.
Mr. BIRD. I ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to yield to me lor a few moments.
Mr. PLATT. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Bird ]
Mr. BIRD. I desire to suggest to the House
that when a question of this character has
once been adjudicated, when the legal rights
of parties have once been determined by a
proper tribunal, it is improper, as it seems to
me, for us in the capacity of legislators to
attempt to redress what may seem to be the
rights of the parties.
After some experience upon one of the im-
portant committees of this House, I am con-
vinced that much wrong is done by pursuing a
course such as has been suggested by this com-
mittee. There is no case which does not pre-
sent upon one side or the other numerous
equities. Doubtless there are equities in this
case. But I have in my mind now numerous
cases, which have been reported by the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, which have been re-
jected -by this House. I have in my mind also
numerous cases, which have been presented to
other Departments of the Government, which
have been rejected by the_ Departments and
which, when presented to this House by various
of its committees, have been rejected by this
House, having an equal claim upon the con
science of every member here and of the coun-
try. Upon full reflection nothing is clearer
than, if we pass cases of this character, our
attention will be occupied from January
to December in determining such claims.
There can be no other standard of right or of
equity for us to pursue with safety to the tax-
payer, to the law, and to equity than that which
the Supreme Court sets up in such cases as
this. Shall we therefore set aside the standard
which the supreme tribunal has established!
Shall we therefore make a law to ourselves
which is supreme and above the law of the
Supreme Court, set aside the adjudications of
that tribunal, set aside the adjudications and
determinations of every inferior tribunal m the
land, and say that however great our respect
for law is, has been, or shall be, we shall be a
law to ourselves and settle every case upon its
own merits? If we do this, farewell to respect
for all the high tribunals in the land of lav; or
of equity, farewell to all previous statutory
adjudications or determinations ; and let us
open _ the floodgates at once and determine
questions by whatever equities there may seem
to be in them respectively. I hope, there-
fore, this case will receive, as it deserves upon
this principle alone, the careful and close
attention of every individual member of this
House.
Mr. PLATT. I cordially concur in the
desire expressed by the gentleman who has
just taken his seat, that this House would
give its attention, its careful attention, to this
case ; for I am certain that no member of this
House can do so without being induced to
vote for the passage of the bill.
I will state the case as briefly as possible,
for the information of the House. Paymaster
Buchanan, who spent his entire life in the
service of the country, and, when he died, left
a widow in destitute circumstances, was, in
1830, 1840, and 1841, subjected to severe
losses by the arbitrary conduct of the officer
under whose command he was at that time
serving. There can be no question in regard
to the fact that these losses did accrue to him
under those circumstances. It darkened his
whole life, and he struggled for thirty years to
recover the losses that had accrued to him by
the conduct of the commanding officer whose
orders he was bound to obey.
The gentleman says that we ought not to
pass this bill, because in doing so we should
be reversing the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States. Let me call his
attention to the action of the court in this
case, and I think that even he will see that
we have a right to adjudicate this case accord-
ing to justice and equity.
The circumstances of the case so far as the
decisions of the courts affect it are these:
to test the legality of the order an amicable
suit was brought in the district court for the
eastern district of Pennsylvania upon the offi-
cial bonds of Purser Buchanan, to recover a
balance of $11,535 50 alleged to be due by
him. The verdict of the jury was for the
defendant for $12,044 22, deducting the claim
of the Government therefrom and leaving a
balance of $5,008 70 for the .defendant, the
exact amount which it is proposed to give
him by this bill which has passed the Senate
unanimously.
The jury gave Paymaster Buchanan a ver-
dict for $5,277 46, and that is all that is
appropriated to the widow in this case.
The case was appealed to the circuit court,
and the judgment of the district court was
confirmed. It was then carried to the Supreme
Court and the Supreme Court reversed the
judgment of the courts below and held, sub-
stantially, that the Government is not respons-
ible for a wrong committed upon one officer
by another unless there is some previous
recognition by Congress of a right to indem-
nity. But in rendering this decision the court
say:
"But it is gratifying to reflect that resort to Con-
gress is also open for relief and with success, un-
doubtedly, should the defendant be able to satisfy
Congress he was wronged by the commodore, and
that it is just and proper for the Government to
atone for any injury so done to him by another."
From the time that this decision was ren-
dered he and his widow after him have been
endeavoring to satisfy Congress that he was
wronged by his commander, and that it is just
and proper for the Government to atone for
the injury thus done him. He came here be-
cause the Supreme Court sent him here for
that which he had a right to ask at our hands.
The sum is a small one ; no interest at all is
charged ; and now that he has gone to his
grave, we ask that this act of justice be done
to his penniless widow whom he left to repre
sent him after thirty years of service to the
Government.
I Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Is the
widow alive ?
Mr. PLATT. Yes; she is.
