2148
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
time of holding the spring terms of the United
States circuit and district courts in the cities
of Covington and Paducah, in the State of
Kentucky.
The message also announced that the Presi-
dent had this day approved and signed the
following acts :
An act (S. No. 363) to provide for a build-
ing suitable for a post office, for the accommo-
dation of the revenue officers, and the United
States courts and their officers, in the city of
Parkersburg, West Virginia;
An act (S. No. 686) tor the relief of Horace
Tyler; and
An act (S. No. 1596) relating to the circuit
and district courts of the United States for
the middle and northern districts of Alabama.
deficiency bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. B.
No. 4051) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
The next amendment of the Committtee on
Appropriations was on page 81. after line
seven hundred and fifty-five, to strike out the
following clause:
To enable the Clerk of the House to pay the Rep-
resentative from the first district of Ohio, as pro-
vided in House resolution of February 24,1873, his
compensation from the llth day of July, 1872, to
December 2,1872, the sum of $1,938 33, to be added to
the contingent fund of the House.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator from
California will withdraw that amendment.
Mr. COLE. I have no power to with-
draw it.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I hope he will not
insist upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on striking out the paragraph from the
bill.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to insert on page
32, after line seven hundred and sixty-three,
the following:
To enable the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of
Representatives to pay to each Representative in
the Forty-First Congress from the State of Georgia
such sum as shall make his pay equal to that re-
ceived by P. M. B. Yoff Na as a Representative in said
Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
the chairman of the committee explain to us
why Mr. P. M. B. Young should be the stand-
ard. What does that mean ?
Mr. COLE. He was a Representative from
the same State and received certain pay,
rather more than the other members from that
State. That is all I know about it.
Mr. EDMONDS. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted. 'If Mr. Young has been
paid too much, that is no reason why we
should pay the others too much.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the House of
Representatives have not put on a provision
for the pay of their own members, I certainly
would not vote to put it on in the Senate.
There has been a courtesy usually observed in
the two Houses that where the House of Rep-
resentatives make any provision of a reason-
able character for the pay of their members, it
is usual for the Senate to concur in it; but it
is equally true that the Senate never propose
to regulate the pay of members of the House
of Representatives. This is a Senate amend-
ment, and I do not think it ought to be
adopted.
Mr. WEST. There are several amend-
ments in this connection to which perhaps the
remarks of the Senator from Ohio might
apply. It was not discovered until the last
moment that the House of Representatives had
no cognizance of this matter. These gentle-
men expected to apply to the House of Repre-
sentatives, bat found themselves ruled out on
a point of order. The Senate had by a de-
cided vote established the precedent bypaying
the member from Mississippi and also the
member from Ohio. Now the members from
the State of Georgia ask the same considera-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know that it is
the same consideration. All this amendment
states, and all we can get by way of explana-
tion is the fact that a Mr. Yotrm has received
a certain sum. Suppose he got it illegally;
suppose he got it without the House knowing
it; suppose he got it above what he ought to
have had, although under the law ; is that any
reason for giving others more than they should
have? We ought to know what the facts are
about these gentlemen who are to be paid.
The fact that Mr. Young- has received a cer-
tain sum has nothing to do with the question,
that I can see.
Mr. NORWOOD. If the Senator from
Vermont will allow me, I will simply state
that all these gentlemen were members of that
Congress. Mr. Young was also a member,
and he was the only one paid.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why so?
Mr. NORWOOD. I do not know. There
was a provision for their payment, I believe,
but they have not received their money, and
they are just as much entitled to it as Mr.
Young was. Georgia was then admitted into
the Union; all the other Representatives were
occupying their seats in the House of Repre-
sentatives with Mr. Young, and he was paid
and they were not; and that is the reason why
his name is designated in the bill.
Mr. ALCORN. I wish to state one addi-
tional fact in relation to the justice of this
claim. It is true that these members under
the act of Congress were elected to the Forty-
First Congress. There was a cpntingency upon
which they would not have been admitted to
their seats. The provision of that law of Con-
gress was that the States should go forward
and elect their members to Congress; that
they should also adopt a constitution that
should be acceptable to Congress. If they
had adopted a constitution that was not accept-
able to Congress, there would have been no
claim on the part of these members for pay;
but from the tact that Congress recognized the
constitution submitted by the State as in form
and accepted the State, the election went back,
as a matter of course, to the beginning of the
Forty-First Congress, the Congress to which
the State was authorized to elect. Now I say
that these members had the very same right to
their pay that any other member of Congress
had. Congress provided that the election
should be held, and that if the constitution
submitted by the State was acceptable the
State should be admitted and the members of
Congress should have their seats. The con-
stitution was acceptable to Congress; the
members were admitted to their seats ; and as
a matter of course their election dated back to
the beginning of the Forty-First Congress.
There is no escaping from that conclusion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the committee insert-
ing this paragraph in reference to the pay of
Georgia members.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 22, noes 16.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 only wish to say before
voting on this amendment that I voted under
a misapprehension on the former amendment
involving the same principle.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 15 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Caldwell,
Clayton, Cole, ^Cooper, Corbett., Flanagan, Gold-
thwaite. Hill, Kelly, Lewis, Machen, Norwood, Os-
born, Pool, Ransom, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Stevenson, Thurman, Vickers, West, and
Windom-27.
-NAYS — Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, Chand-
ler, Edmunds, Gilbert, Harlan, Howe, Morrill ot
Vermont, Nye, Pratt, Scott, Sucrman, Trumbull,
Wilson, and Wright—-15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreman,
Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Conkling, Crafjin,
Davis, i'enton, Ferry of Connecticut, l'erry of Mich-
igan, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of Maryland, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin. Hitchcock, Johnston, Lo-
gan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Schurz, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Stock-
ton, Sumner, and Tipton—31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 32, after
line seven hundred and sixty-eight, to insert
the following clause:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives to pay to Fkank Mokey the amount refunded
by him to the contingent fund of the House by res-
olution of the House of Representatives of Decem-
ber 12.1870, being the amount paid him for expenses
as contestant in the Forty-First Congress by resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives of Juno 2,
1870, S3,000 is hereby appropriated.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish my colleague,
who has charge of this bill, would explain upon
what principle money once refunded by the
gentleman named here, F.rank Morey, is now
to be paid back to him. I observe that this ap-
propriation has reference to the compensation
of a member of the House of Representatives
and has been put in by the Senate Committee.
I voted to retain the appropriations made by
the House on page 31, and I did so on the
ground that without inquiring into the abstract
justice of the payment one way or the other ; 1
thought it was too delicate a thing for the Sen-
ate to interfere with the action of the other
House in regard to the payment of its mem-
bers. The amendment which we are now con-
sidering, however, was not put in by the House
of Representatives, but appears in the bill for
the first time since it came into the Senate. I
think we ought to have some explanation of
the provision which looks to paying back to
Mr. Morey an amount which he has once re-
funded the contingent fund of the House under
the order of the House of Representatives.
Mr. WEST. The Senator from California
has addressed his inquiry to the chairman of
the committee, but as the chairman has been
much engaged in other matters, if he will
allow me 1 will reply to the inquiry. The Sen-
ator asks upon what principle money that has
been drawn from the contingent fund of the
House of Representatives and paid back should
be refunded. I will say it is upon the principle
which has been established by the resolution
of the House of January 20, 1873:
"That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the House to the several members of the present
House who established their right to seats in the
House in contested elections,whether as contestants
or contcstees, such sums as were necessarily ex-
pended by such members respectively in prosecuting
their claims to their seats."
That is, the House of Representatives, by
their present ruling, pay each member contest-
ing a seat, and afterward when he is admitted,
they pay him the expenses of his contest, and
they pay him also as amember. This amend-
ment is intended to apply the same principle
to the preceding Congress, and the only reason
it was not adopted in the House of Representa-
tives was that the members concerned were
under the impression that a simple resolution
of the House would apply to the case ; but
when they submitted that question to the
House, the House determined that they had no
jurisdiction over the contingent fund belonging
to a preceding Congress, and they were obliged
to come here at the last hour and get the mat-
ter acted upon by the Senate.' Now ihe
Senator will remember, if the amendment be
adopted it will go back to the House, and if
they do not see proper to adopt the amend-
ment, they have the opportunity to reject it.
But whatever arguments have been applied to
other States in this connection apply with two-
fold force to the State of Louisiana, because
for the very time that this resolution applies
the State of Louisiana was in the Union, and
had been for some eight or nine months.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The upshot of this busi-
ness then is, that this gentleman being a con-
testant and being rejected was paid his con-
testing expenses, amounting to §3,000. He
was afterward elected to the vacancy created
by his being rejected, and then lie took his pay
