nm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
mittee in this case was being read there was
such confusion in the Hall that I confess I
could not hear it; and I doubt if any gentle-
man could hear it. But I have listened atten-.
tively to what the gentleman from California
[Mr. Coghlan] has said; and, judging now
from what he has said and from my very im-
perfect hearing of the report, I am thoroughly
persuaded that this bill ought not to pass. It
appears from the statement of the gentleman
from California [Mr. Coghlan] and from the
report that this claimant has already been
paid $66,066 66, and that is all that the court
awarded to him.
Mr. COGHLAN. Congress by its legis-
lation placed a limit upon the court.
Mr. KERR. I understand that ; but this
was all the Court of Claims awarded to the
claimant in money. That was all they had
authority to award to him; but, under another
provision of the reference of the case to that
court, the court did go on and consider whether,
upon certain vague general rules, there was
anything else due to the claimant than the
$66,666 66. Now, with reference to the de-
termination of the court under these general
rules, we do not know what they are. They
are, not stated in the report; they have not
been stated by the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Coghlan,] except in the very general
language that they are the rules of common
law and equity applying to cases of this kind.
I say we do not understand upon what rules of
law or fact the court undertook to decide that
there was anything else due to the claimant.
Mr. COGHLAN. It depended upon the
evidence.
Mr. KERR. We do not know what the
evidence was, or upon what principle they de-
termined the lights of property in the case.
They are not brought before the House j they
are not quoted iu this report; and I am un-
willing, on the very vague statement of the
Committee in the case of an old claim of this
Sort, based on no actual claim of property, but
based on a suspicious claim of some sort of title
to an old invention, to vote to this man more
than he has got. With reference to one of
these claims the Court of Claims decided that
the patent was not his patent at all, and that
he had no right or title in it as property. This
claim comes before the House with some de-
gree, at least, of suspicion surrounding it, on
account of its age and of the circumstances
under which it has grown up. It is one of
those innumerable claims that it seems to be
the evil fortune of this country never to be rid
of, unless Congress will close the doors against
them when the courts have passed upon them,
and the parties have received all that the
courts have adjudged in their favor. I think
we ought not to pay anything more on account
of this claim. When the last law was passed
submitting this matter to the Court of Claims,
it was expressly provided in the act that the
claimant should receive whatever money-judg-
ment was awarded in his fayor as payment in
full of all demands, and for his title and all
claim of title in the patents. He received the
money, and thereby estopped himself to de-
mand any more.
Mr. COGHLAN. I yield now for a moment
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley.]
Mr.' KELLEY. My engagements in my
own special line of duty have prevented me
from investigating the particular condition of
this claim at the present time ; but there are
facts within my knowledge which I feel it but
just to the claimant that I should lay before
the House.
In 1842 I was a student of law in the ogee
of James Page, esq.; and next to hjs office
was that of Charles Chauncey, one of the
most venerable and distinguished of the law-
yers of Pennsylvania. In his office sat a stu-
dent by the name of William Wheeler Hub?
bell, a young man of high cultqre and of re-
puted liberal fortune. We expected to pome
to the bar about the same time, when sud-
denly he withdrew himself from active duty as
a student; he ceased to appear for examina-
tion, and could talk of nothing else but fuses
and shells.
For seven years he devoted his whole time
and means to the invention and perfection of
the fuses for which be obtained letters-patent,
and the segment shell, his right to a patent
for which is disputed. More than once—I
think I may say nearly a score of times—dur-
ing those seven years I was invited to accom-
pany parties, which embraced officers of the
regular Army, naval officers, and military offi-
cers from different parts of the country, to wit-
ness his experiments with his shells or his
fuses in the condition to which be had then
advanced them.
When he came to the bar—when, having
perfected these instruments of war, he again
applied himself to the study of the law and
came to the bar—I found myself in the pos-
session of a lucrative practice and filling an
important professional office. I know not
what his expenses were. As I said in the
beginning, I know not the details of this claim
as now presented. But it is proper that gen-
tlemen who are considering this matter
should have this testimony of mine as to the
fact that seven of the best years of this man's
life, and, as I believe, all the results of his
estate, were devoted to the perfection of in-
struments of war, which our country used
throughout the late struggle, and to the use
of which its success is largely ascribed by
those who won the grandest of our victories.
Mr. ARCHER. By permission of the gen-
tleman from California, [Mr. Coghlan,] I
would like to address the House for about
five minutes.
Mr. COGHLAN. I yield to the gentleman
for five minutes.
Mr. ARCHER. This bill has been consid-
ered very elaborately by the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and a majority of them agreed
upon the sum of $183,333 33. Being one of
the minority, perhaps the only one, I differed
with the committee, and think that legally
there is nothing due the applicant in this case,
but that equitably the Government of the
United States ought to pay him $33,333 33.
About 1862 he petitioned the Congress of the
United States to pass a law to pay him $100,-
000 for his three patents, saying in that peti-
tion that he was willing to take that sum, pro-
vided it was paid at that session of Congress.
That Congress did not pass such a law; but
one or two years subsequently they did pass a
law upon a petition of his, not giving him the
sum of $100,000, but naming that sum as the
limit of any amount which might be decreed
by judgment of the Court of Claims as Ms due.
Under that law he went before the Court of
Claims, and obtained a judgment for $66,666 66,
which amount he has received. The court con-
strued that he was entitled to two of the three
patents claimed by him ; the other patent the
court thought he had not invented, and was not
entitled to. Consequently they divided the
$100,000, which was the limit named by Con-
gress, and decreed him two thirds of the
amount. It is true the court say that, accord-
ing to the proof, on a fair estimate of the value
of these inventions to the United States, Mr.
Hubbell was entitled to $200,000. But being
limited by the law of Congress to $100,000,
and holding that he was entitled to but two of
the three patents, they gave him two thirds of
that amount. Now, equitably, I think the
claimant was entitled to the full $100,000.
The case was taken from the Court of Claims
to the Supreme Court of the United States
onpe, I know, and I think two or three times.
The Supreme Court maintained the decision of
the court below.
Mr. COGHLAN. It, was taken up by the
United States, not by the claimant.
Mr. ARCHEft. Now, without taking up
niope of the time qf the Hou^e, I will give
notice that when I have the opportunity I will
move to strike out the sum of $100,000, so a-s
to leave the amount appropriated by this bill
only $33,333 33.
Mr. COGHLAN. I desire to say but a few
words in answer to my friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr,] and in reply to one thing to which
he referred, and that is as to the rules and
regulations governing the Court of Claims in
finding the sum due. Those rules are dis-
tinctly laid down in the decision of the court
itself. The court say that " were this an action
for infringement, or a bill to restrict its use
with an account of profits, the rule and meas-
ure of damages are well settled." The gen-
tleman, as a lawyer, knows that they are well
settled. ''The actual loss sustained by the
patentee is to be measured by the actual profits
or benefits received by the infringer." The
court, after laying down the rule of action, goes
on to say that, "the actual value of a reason-
able royalty on the fuses used by the United
States since the date of the claimant's patents
would, according to the opinion of professional
and expert witnesses, measured by the usual
rule, be much greater that is, than the limit
named by Congress, $100,000. Estimated
upon that basis and upon the profits, the actual
loss to the claimant and the real gain to tbe
defendants would be little if at all short of
$200,000."
The gentleman will observe that the court
lays down the rules whereby the measure of
damages is ascertained; and in accordance
with those rules the court, under the resolu-
tion of Congress, estimated the actual damage
of the inventor at $200,000.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerb]
says that this is an old claim. But it will be
observed that at the earliest possible moment—
in 1862, during the war of the rebellion—this
party came to Congress and asked relief. Con-
gress then found what they would find to-day
if they should follow the suggestion of my
friend from Indiana and undertake to bring
all these claims before committees. It was
found that the proofs were so voluminous as
to require too much time of the House or of
any committee for their proper examination.
Hence, Congress did what courts of equity
sometimes do ; it sent the issues to a court of
law to be decided. But in sending those issues
to the Court of Claims to be decided, Congress
allowed the court to give judgment only for a
certain specified sum,, while at the same time
the court was called upon to say how much
was actually due to the claimant.
Mr. KERR. I would like to ask the gentle-
man one question. Is it not true that after
this judgment for $66,000 was rendered in
favor of Hubbell, he assigned in due legal form
all these patents and all his interest in them to
the United States?
Mr. COGHLAN. I think not, sir. So far
as I have ever heard, he never did any such
thing.
Mr. KERR. One other question : did not
the law under which the reference was made
to the Court of Claims require him to make
such an assignment before receiving anything
under the judgment of the court ?
Mr. COGHLAN. I have here the resolu-
tion of Congress. I send it to the Clerk and
ask him to read the latter part of it.
The Clerk read as follows:
" And be it further resolved, That either party may
appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States
within ninety days; and the Court of Claims shall
certify any judgment that may be rendered in favor
of said William Wheeler Hubbell, his heirs or legal
representatives, in the same manner; and the same
when presented to the Secretary of the Treasury
shall have the same effect as now provided by law,
and be paid out of any general appropriation in
relation to the judgmentsof said court or for private
claims: Provided, That thesutn hereby authorized
to be paid shall not exceed 8100,000, which sum the
claimant agrees to accept in lull ot all claims what-
ever, by virtuo of said patents and contract, against
the Government; and the payment of such claim
shall vest the full and absolute right to said patents
in the United gtates."
Mr. COGHLAN. Now, Mr. Speaker 
