1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
Hoar, floorer, Houehton.Kelley, Kellogg.KHeham.
1. import. Lansing. I,owe, Lvuoh, M:\ynard.McCrary,
Miurew. MeJunkin, Mclvoe. Alerriam. Monroe,
M'> 're. M'rev, Leonard Myers, Xe^ley. Orr, Pack-
ard. Packer. Palmer, Peck, Pendleton, Perce. Peters,
P'.ut, Poomd, Porter, Kainey, Ellis H. Koberts,
liusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Sootield. Sessions. Shanks,
S'iel Ion, Sheilabarger, 11. BoartUuau Smith, John
A Smith, Snapp. Sprague, Sr arkwoather, Steven-
son, Stoughlon, Sypher. i itto. AV ashington Town-
send. Turner, 'Iwiehell, i'ynor. Upson. Wakemau,
Valdron. Wallace, Walls, "Wheeler, Willard, Wil-
lnm-= of Indiana. and Jeremiah M. Wilson—99.
NOT VOi'INl!—Messrs. AveriH. Banks. Barry,
Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, Bigby, Biggs, Bird, James
<1. Blair. Buckley, Benjamin i'. Butler, Caldwell,
Campbell, Coburn, Conner, Orebs. Crcely. I>arrall,
l'e Large, Dickey, III 1 iott. Kly, Forker, Garrett,
Colladay. Goodrich, iialdeiuan. llalsey, Hamble-
ton. Hanks-, Hay, Il.ivs, Hill, K'Hinger, Kinsella,
MoXeely. Mitchell, Morphia. Isaac0. Parker, Pot-
ter. Prm lie. Randall, Ldward Y. liice. Ritchie,
llobinson, Koosevelc, Seeley, Shoemaker, Slocum,
Sloss, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, Stowell,
St. John, Sutherland, Thomas, Dwight Townsend,
Yaughau. Voorhees, Walden, Warren, Whiteley,
and John T. Wilson—63.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the House rofused to suspend the rules and
pass the resolution.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to suspend the
rules to pass the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
is hereby requested, if not in liis judgment incom-
patible with the public interest, to communicate to
this llouse such information as he may have rela-
tive to the condition of affairs in Louisiana; and
what, if any, action he has taken with regard thereto.
The resolution was unanimously adopted.
HON. FRANCIS K. SPINNER.
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I ask to put
the following bill upon its passage.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, i must object,
if it gives rise to debate.
Mr. LYNCH. It is a bill to relieve Francis
E. Spinner, Treasurer of the United States,
and to which I think there will be no objection
when read.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How long is
the bill?
Mr. LYNCH. Not very long. It is a bill
to relieve the Treasurer of the United States
on account of certain defalcations and defi-
ciencies which have occurred in the past ten
years in the Treasury Department to the
amount of $61,000. The whole matter has
been examined by a committee of this House,
(Expenditures in the Treasury Department,)
and also by a committee appointed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, of which George W.
Riggs, esq., was chairman; and I presume
there will be no objection on the part of any
member of the House, after having heard the
bill read, to putting it on its passage at this
time. I will state that in the ten years of the
administration of the present Treasurer of the
United States in the disbursement of $50,000, -
000,000 there has been lost but $61,000;
$49,338 17 were lost by the defalcations of
Johnson and Marden, both of whom were
tried and convicted, and are now serving out
their term of sentence in the District jail;
$11,500 were stolen from division of issue, and
the balance is made up from small amounts,
such as the redemption of imperfect issues
redeemed by order of the Secretary of the
Treasury, but not allowed by the First Comp-
troller. This small amount of loss, with the
disbursements of such immense sums of
money, is not only unparalleled in any govern-
mental disbursements of money, but unparal-
leled, I venture to say, in any disbursement
of money by any private individual or finan-
cial institution of the country. And I think
it is due to that officer who has so faith-
fully, honestly, and efficiently administered
his department that, upon the recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury and of
the committee who investigated this matter,
he should be promptly relieved of liabilities
for losses for which he is but ought not to be
held to respond. I hope there will be no
objection to the passage of the bill.
Mr. KERR rose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If gentlemen
' are willing that the bill shall be voted on I do
tint object. But I must object if it is to occa-
sion do hate.
Mr. KERR. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Maine if the bill has ever been referred
to an appropriate committee and the matter
investigated by them ?
Mr. LYNCH. The bill is from the Com-
mittee on Expenditures in the Treasury De-
partment, who have made an examination and
who recommend its passage.
Mr. GARFIELD, ol" Ohio. I decline to
yield further.
Mr. LYNCH. If there is objection to its
present consideration I ask to have the bill
printed and recommitted to the committee,
, with leave to report at any time.
There was no objection and the bill (H. R.
1 No. 3250) was received, read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted to the Committee on Expenditures in
the Treasury Department.
! CORRECTION-.
j Mr. CRITCHER. I rise to a question of
i privilege. I find that the Journal of the
House, and the Globe of the 14th instant, re-
port me as not voting on the bill making an
appropriation of $65,000 for the William and
Mary College. I desire to say that I voted in
the negative.
JULIA A. NUTT.
Mr. PERCE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3251) for the relief of
Julia A. Nutt, widow and executrix of Haller
Nutt, deceased; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Claims, and, with the accompanying petition,
ordered to be printed.
CONVENTION WITH VENEZUELA.
Mr. PACKARD, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, re-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 3252) to enforce the
stipulations of the convention with Venezuela
of April 25, 1866, and the payment of adjudi-
cated claims; which was read a first, and
second time, ordered to be printed, aud re-
committed to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SYSTEM.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported
back the bill (S. No. 742) to amend an act
entitled "An act to regulate the diplomatic
and consular systems of the United States,"
passed August 18, 1856, and for other pur-
, poses; which was ordered to be printed, and
recommitted to the Committee on Foreign
i Affairs.
j| Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
j1 by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
W. C. GOODWIN AND COMPANY.
Mr. WALLACE. I ask that by unanimous
consent the bill (H. R. No. 2931) for the
relief of W. C. Goodwin & Co. be reprinted
for the use of the House.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I ask that by
unanimous consent the 15th and 16th of Jan-
uary be devoted to hearing reports exclusively
from the Committee on Commerce, after the
j hour of half past one o'clock each day.
I The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform
t the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
S that the 15th and 16th of January are already
! assigned to special business,
i Mr. SHELLABARGER. Then I will ask
for the 13t,h and 14th.
The SPEAKER. The 13th is Monday,
when any business can be set aside by a
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I have no objec-
tion to have the 17th and 18th, being Fridaj
and Saturday.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will not ob-
ject to the assignment desired by the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce if he will
except business of the Committee ou Appro-
priations.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I consent to
make that exception.
Mr. MAYNARD. This will leave the morn-
ing hour for private bills ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That is the in-
tention.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
to my colleague [Mr. Shellabarger] that if
I can possibly avoid it I will not interfere with
him on the days assigned for the business of
the Committee on Commerce. I desire the
exception, however, to be made, lest there
may be some matter which may be necessary
for the Committee on Appropriations to bfing
before the House.
Mr. ARCHER. Will this assignment inter-
fere with the Private Calendar ? '
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. HOAR. I understand the application
is for an assignment after the morning hour?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. No, sir. It is
that the business of the committee be heard
at palf past one o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The Chair considers it is
always more desirable to appoint a specific
hour when a special day is assigned for specific
business. If the order says after the morning
hour it gives no assurance, because the busi-
ness of the House may be so precipitated after
the reading of the Journal that there may be
no morning hour.
There being no objection, the order was
made assigning the 17th and 18th of January,
after halt past one o'clock, exclusively to
business of the Committee on Commerce.
Some time subsequently,
The SPEAKER said: By inadvertence the ^
Chair allowed the assignment to be made of
January 17 and 18 for the consideration of
reports from the Committee on Commerce.
The 17th is the third Friday of the month, which
by a rule of the House is devoted exclusively
to the consideration of business reported from
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
If no objection be made the time will be changed
to a week later, the 24th and 26th of January
next.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I would prefer
an earlier time than that, because I may be
required to attend one of the courts at that
time. I would suggest Tuesday and Wednes-
day, the 21st and 22d of January next.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the assignment will be changed to the time
indicated.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
REPORT OP INDIAN COMMISSIONER.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed of the annual report of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, seven thousand copies for the use of
the House of Representatives, and three thousand
copies for the use of the Senate.
CONSULAR, ETC.j APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SARGENT. On behalf of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the rules be so suspended that it
shall be in order, on the consideration of the con-
sular and diplomatic appropriation bill in Commit-
tee of the Whole, to offer and consider an amend-
ment fixing the pay of the United States minister to
Nicaragua, so that the same shall not exceed $10,000.
Mr. Speaker, as the law now stands there
is an old provision under which this minis-
ter receives pay and allowances for travel,
&c., at the rate of $22,500 per annum. By
the combination of some of the small mis-
