1192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
we ought to teach the students at the Military
Academy the Spanish language. But, sir, we
have a greater Indian than we have a Spanish
border. Did any one ever claim that it was
necessary that students should learn the Choc-
taw and Sioux languages because we have
wars with these tribes of Indians? We have
to-day more important dealings with them
than we are ever likely to have with our Span-
ish neighbors. I do not expect we shall
have a war with Mexico, and if we do, wo
shall certainly be able to carry on all our
military operations without the use of the
Spanish language as taught by the Military
Academy at West Point.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] has referred to the fact that during
the war with Mexico none of our officers under-
stood the Spanish language. Very well, sir.
I call the gentleman's attention to the fact
that in the Mexican war we had quite as few
reverses as in the late war with an enemy
whose language was perfectly familiar to us.
Again, we are told that it is not necessary that
military students should study belles-lettres.
It is unquestionably necessary that they should
not be deficient in general information, and
that they should know how to use their own
Now, rhetoric, compositions, and general
literature are euti; ely neglected. Of these
branches of education the student knows no
more when he graduates than he did when he
went to the Academy, unless he picks it up for
himself. It is very clear that a thorough
knowledge af the English language is as im-
portant to a military officer as to other classes
of men outside of the learned professions.
If this proposition is adopted it will give more
time for a study of the French language.
The student will then be able to learn to speak
the French as well as to read and barely trans-
late it. They will also be able to devote some
attention to literature, and when their aca-
demic course is completed they will be better
finished scholars than they are or can be under
the present system.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. But this
very bill provides that they shall spend their
time, not in French-, but in English literature.
Mr. STOUGHTON. Still it will give them
more time to study the French language, and
also enable them to study .English branches-
of education now entirely neglected.
[Here the hammer fell.]
.Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. YOUNG., I renew the amendment.
I am happy to say that I am one of the recip-
ients of the benefits of what I consider one of
the most important branches of study at the
Military Academy, and that is this very branch
of Spanish.
Mr. SARGENT. Can the gentleman give
me half dozen sentences in Spanish ? [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. YOUNG. I cannot now, I admit, be-
cause it is eleven years since I left the insti-
tution, but when I left the institution I could
have spoken Spanish so as to make myself
understood upon our borders.
Mr, STEVENSON. If the gentleman were
to give my friend from California [Mr. Sar-
GEKt] half a dozen sentences in Spanish
could he undertand them ?
Mr. YOUNG. Yes; if I gave the gentle-
man half a dozen sentences could he under-
stand them?
Mr. SARGENT. Unquestionably. I have
lived for twenty-four years on the Pacific
coast, and it was a part of my dutv to learn
the Spanish language.
Mr. YOUNG. Mr. Chairman, I am happy
on this occasion to be able to say that I am
one of those who received the benefits of what
1 deem to be one of the most important
branches of instruction in the national Mili-
tary Academy. I believe, sir, that there is
more in this paragraph than the mere desire
to establish an additional professorship of
English literature. I see in this small piece
of new legislation a covert blow aimed at the
good old professor who presides over this
branch in the Academy, a man who has served
his country for over a quarter of a century, and
with a zeal and fidelity rarely to be found.
My friend from Illinois, [Mr. Marshall,] who
has charge of the bill, says the Secretary of
War recommends this provision. I do not
wonder at it, but I shall be much surprised
and mortified if this House should adopt this
measure, and thus throw out upon the world
this good man who has been so true and faith-
ful in the discharge of his duty. The best
years of his life have been spent in the service
of the Academy, and to discharge him now, old
and weary with service, would be an act of
cruelty of which I believe the Congress of the
Uuited States incapable. So much for that.
The gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
says that cadets do not learn to speak the
Spanish language. Why, sir, the assistant pro-
fessor of Spanish now at the Academy, Lieu-
tenant David S. Denison, is a graduate of the
Academy, and learned all he knows of the lan-
guage at the Academy. And I venture to say
that he can read, write, and speak with correct-
ness the Spanish language. Why, it is of more
actual necessity than French. The Spanish
is the language spoken from Cape Cod to the
Rio Grande. It is the language of Mexico,
and of Cuba, and of all the West India islands.
And our relationship with those countries is
becoming more intimate each year. Gentle-
men claim that the graduates of West Point
are not proficient in English literature. If this
be the case, raise the standard of admission,
or add another year to the course. It was
five years at one time; let it be so again if
found necessary ; but do not deprive the Acad-
emy of one of its most important branches.
The gentlemen calls the attention of the
House to the recommendation of the Board
of Visitors. Well, the board does recommend
the discontinuance of Spanish; but it says
Spanish must be discontinued to make way
for French. This bill says it shall be abol-
ished for English literature. So after all we
are not called upon to sustain the recom-
mendation of the board. The whole of it is
a scheme to strike from the service and throw
out upon the world this good man ; and I hope
it will not prevail. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew the amendment.
It must be borne in mind that the object of
the Military Academy is wholly unlike that of
the ordinary educational institutions of the
country. Their object is to educate young
men for the various pursuits of life. The
object of the Military Academy is to make
soldiers. _ Hence the whole polity of that in-
stitution is directed to that end, and by vari
ous modes thsy sift out those young men who,
in the opinion of the board of instruction, will
not make soldiers, although they may make
good members of Congress, or clergymen, or
lawyers, or be successful in other pursuits of !
life.
We are told that students at this institution
should direct their attention especially to the
study of the French language, because it is
peculiarly the language of military science.
If we are to require them to study a "European
language which best exemplifies the military
art we should not take the French, but the
German language, because at this day, cer-
tainly, that nation, of all the nations of Eu-
rope, represents the highest achievements of
the military art.
I suppose a man may acquire a sufficient
knowledge of the French language, or of any
other, to read it without being able to speak
it. Speaking a language is the result less of
study than of practice. We must not lose
sight of the fact that there are two principal
languages spoken on the American continent,
the English language and the Spanish lan-
The former by the greater number of
people ; the latter over the greater eiftent of
territory. The Spanish is the language in
which America was discovered; it is the lan-
guage in which very many of the great histor-
ical facts of the continent have been enacted
and recorded; it is a language that has been
studied and spoken by high scholarship, the
language of the best literary institutions and
the most renowned universities the world has
known; and it has given expression to much
of the best thought of the human mind. Some-
thing has been said in derogation of the belles-
lettres attainments of our military men. Allu-
sion has been made to the President of the
United States. I undertake to say that that
gentleman has said more things that will live
in the minds and memories of mankind, that
will fly through the mouths of men, than all the
word-painters and phrase-makers of the age.
Gentlemen speak disparagingly of the skill
of our military men in the use of their own
language. Why, sir, have they read the dis-
patches of General Thomas, or of General
Sherman, or of General Scott, grand old man
that he was? A report, with eminent names
attached, has been read deploring "among
the cadets a lack of care and precision in the
use of English." Yet in this very report and
on the same page is found such a solecism as
this: " as there is not time for the cadets to
learn two foreign languages well, French is
vastly the best language for them to study,"
attiibutable probably to hurried and careless
writing. I trust we shall continue to teach
the Spanish language, a language magnificent
in its American history, as well as of great
practical utility.
Mr. DUNNELL. I think it is quite too
common a thing to underrate the value of the
facility to read a language and to overesti-
mate the valus of being able to speak a lan-
guage. I think it isvery much more import-
ant that a man be able to read two modern
languages than that he shall be able to spe.ik
in one only. I would prefer the ability to
read the Spanish and the French languages
than simply to be able to speak the French
language. If I am able to read the Spanish
language I can obtain from it most of value
there is in it; I will be able to read Spanish
books on history, on war and on engineering,
and thereby to obtain the advantage of what of
good there is contained in Spanish literature.
The ability to speak a language merely is of
very much less value than the ability to read it.
Mr. SARGENT. Allow me one moment
are not the best books on Spanish history
written in the English language? And is there
any valuable work on the science of engineering
in the Spanish language.
Mr. BUNNELL. I think there is, though
I am not able to give the title. I tbink the
gentleman is a little too broad in his remark
that there are no books in the Spanish lan-
guage upon engineering.
Mr. SARGENT. Of recent origin.
Mr. DUNNELL. I undertake to say that
the Spanish nation is, in that respect, not very
far behind other nations.
Mr. SARGENT. Very far.
Mr. DUNNELL. The Spanish navy is to-
day well nigh equal to the navy of any other
nation. And the fact which has been adverted
to in this debate that we have the Spanish all
about us is of very great importance. I hope
that the report of the Committee on Appro-
priations in this respect will not be adopted.
I say, let us have whatever of good from the
Spanish we may be able to get. Let us have
all the French we are now obtaining. I un-
derstand that instruction in Spanish is part of
the regular course in the Naval Academy in
Annapolis.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask unanimous con-
sent that all debate on the pending amendment
may now be considered as closed.
Mr. YOUNG. I object.
Mr. MARSHALL. If it continues much
