1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
curds for the last quarter of the present fiscal
year.
He asks also $3,000 for another purpose.
He has adopted a new plan of carrying regis-
tered letters. Instead of sending them from
distributing office to distributing office, to be
overhauled at each point, he sends them in a
ponch, for instance, from New York to Chi-
cago, so that they are not opened from the
time they leave New York till they reach Chi-
cago. Thus, they do not pass through so many
different hands on the postal cars and in the
different offices. For this purpose a new lock,
called a registered lock, has been devised, each
having a key different from any other. For
the purchase of these locks, of which the Post-
master General wants from fifteen hundred to
two thousand, he asks $8,000. The committee
recommend these two items in accordance with
the request of the Postmaster General.
The second general item, which is found on
the second page of the bill, is for the Coast
Survey. The Superintendent of the Coast Sur-
vey has found the appropriation for the current
year for the Atlantic coast insufficient, because
he is compelled to pay a higher rate for labor,
especially in the South, than he had expected.
He wants $20,000 in order to do the work he
had expected to do on the appropriation we
gave last year. The papers and statements
laid before the committee satisfied us that this
additional appropriation ought to be granted.
In the next place, the steamer Bibb, which
the officers of the Coast Survey have used for
their deep sea soundings, has been condemned
as unseaworthy, and she must be replaced by
another steamer, which will cost about $90,-
000. No time is to be lost in setting about
this work; and therefore the committee thought
it best to put the appropriation in thepresent
bill rather than wait till next year. Further-
more, as the in-shore light-draft sailing ves-
sels employed in making the triangulationg
near shore average from thirteen to twenty-
one years old, and several of them are abso-
lutely worn out, the Superintendent wanted
us to give $160,000 to replace a number of
these vessels. The committee propose to cut
down this latter sum to $60,000, with which
four small schooners can be purchased. We
therefore propose to appropriate $150,000 in
all, $90,000 to be used for replacing the con-
. demned steamer, and the remaining $60,000
to build four light-draft schooners.
The next item is for the Census Bureau. It
is found that $12,000 is necessary to finish the
work in that office, the force of which, now
reduced to about four clerks, is rapidly con-
cluding the final work.
No man can study the work of that office
without being proud of what has been achieved
in our census. We now see on our tables one
of the noblest contributions to statistical science
ever made in any country in the first of the
three regular volumes of our census. All the
volumes are now in the hands of the Printer,
or are ready to be sent to him. I think we
may felicitate ourselves on a prompt and satis-
factory conclusion of this work.
The next item is an appropriation to pay a
judgment of the United States district court on
1.n award of prize money to the captors of the
rebel ram Albemarle. Gentlemen of the House
will remember the gallant exploit of Lieutenant
Cushing, who ran his torpedo under the bot-
tom of the rebel ram Albemarle and exploded
it so successfully that she went down in three
or four minutes. That ship was raised, her
machinery taken out, and the value of the hulk,
without her armament, was awarded to the
captors. They appealed to Congress to give
them, not only the value of the hulk, but her
machinery and armament at the time of her
capture. Congress at the last session author-
ized the court to reconsider the case on that
basis. They have so reconsidered it, and
:>;Hde a new award. We now in this bill
merely make an appropriation to carry out
the award of the district court of the United
States for this district.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Do we allow these
captors the value of the vessel at the time she
was sold ?
Mr. GARFIELD, ofOhio. She was appraised,
and the value of the appraisement was awarded
to them.
The next item is for photo-lithographing, or
otherwise producing copies of drawings of cur-
rent and back issues of patents frotn the Patent
Office, $20,000. Under the new law of last
year we could not tell how much it would cost,
but since then it is found to require $20,000
more than was then appropriated.
The last item, and the main item of this
bill, so far as the bulk of appropriation is
concerned, is on the last page, and is an appro-
priation for the District of Columbia.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Before proceed-
ing to that I should like to ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether the publication of the
Patent Office reports has been completed?
Does this fill up the gap which now exists?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This is for that
purpose.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Does this cover
that gap ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes; this is for
the purpose of bringing up back sets of the
Patent Office drawings, so we may have by
this new process of photo-lithography a com-
plete set, of all our patents. The photo-litho-
graphic copies cost but twenty-five cents each,
while the original tracings cost much more.
For example, the tracings of a patent for a
type setting machine cost the Government
$150, so complicated are all of its parts,
but when once done copies by photo-litho-
graphing can be made and sold for twenty-five
cents each, and every copy will be a perfect
reproduction of the original. Even when sold
for twenty-five cents each the Patent Office
itself makes a considerable profit by the sales.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Is this sufficient
for the object specified of completing these
publications?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. How many are
likely to receive the sum here appropriated
as prize money for the capture of the rebel
ram Albemarle?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There were
ten persons on board the torpedo boat at the
time of the capture of the Albemarle ; but two
or three were killed or drowned in attempting
to escape.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Does this go to the
families of those "who were killed as well as
to the survivors?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It goes to the
families of those who were killed as well as to
the survivors.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. It is a very large
sum of money to be divided among ten per-
sons, and especially when we have no inform-
ation as to the price for which the vessel was
sold by the Government.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There are few
brighter pages in the naval history of the
United States than that which records the de-
struction of the Albemarle. She held a posi-
sition which blocked the progress of both our
Army and Navy. The Albemarle was a re-
markably strong vessel and held the mouth of
the river. Our army stood upon one shore
powerless to assail her. None of our vessels
of war in the neighborhood were able to cope
with her, and she held the river and harbor
where she lay in absolute control. Lieu-
tenant Cushing and his little party, at the
imminent peril of their lives, with a frail
launch carrying a torpedo, pushed boldly un-
der the bow of the ram, and plunged the tor-
pedo under her bottom. He held in his own
hand the slender line which was attached to
the fuse, and when he felt the touch of the
torpedo against her bottom he pulled the string
amid the blaze of the enemy's guns, and pro-
duced the explosion that instantly shattered
his launch to pieces and threw himself and his
crew into the river, and in three minutes left
the ram and her armament at the bottom of
the bay.
While Lieutenant Cushing and party were
swimming for life, the enemy opened fireupon
them from the opposite shore and killed some
of the party, but with great skill and courage
and rare good fortune seven escaped. If we
measure the value of service by results the
award made in this case is the cheapest expend-
iture of money that we could possibly make.
And as it is under the award of our courts, I
an sure that no gentleman will oppose the
appropriation.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. There can be no
question as to the distinguished bravery of
these men. But I think it will be generally
conceded that the amount which it is proposed
to appropriate to them is very enormous in-
deed. This is simply an appraisement made
by the officers of the Government. If this
amount of money was produced by a sale of
the vessel and the machinery, I would be in
favor of giving every dollar of what they had
brought in the market to these brave and gal-
lant men and the families of those who lost
their lives. But this is simply, an appraise-
ment, no doubt made at the highest possible
value; and we are asked to give to nine or
ten persons and their families $202,000. If
we had given sums in proportion to this to
every one who did gallant acts in the late war,
why, sir, the Treasury of the United States
would not be able to supply sufficient funds to
meet the demands upon it. For my own part,
I think this amount should be cut down con-
siderably.
I am in favor of giving a very fair propor-
tion of the value of this vessel. But I do not
think the vessel was really worth so much
money as is here called for, and consequently
I think the amount entirely too much to give to
so few persons.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will postpone any further remarks on this
matter until we reach the paragraph in due
order, I shall then have the report of the Sec-
retary of the Navy showing what precisely are
the facts.
Mr. AMBLER. I have not understood that
the prize law applies to cases where the ves-
sel has been destroyed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My colleague
[Mr. Ambler] is mistaken in the fact. The
vessel was not destroyed. The vessel sunk to
the bottom, but the Government raised her
soon afterward and found her good in every
part, except at the point of explosion. They
repaired that, and put the vessel in our Navy,
and she was used as an efficient war ship dur-
ing the remainder of the war. We acquired
the vessel—and she was a valued acquisition—
in consequence of her capture by these men.
In fact they gave us the vessel, and we are
paying them what they would have received
if she had been sold as prize of war. The
courts have decided they were entitled to it as
a prize, and that as the Government had taken
her, we had to pay for her out of our Treasury.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I would ask the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
whether any money has previously been paid
to the captors of this vessel ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. On tLe first
appraisement, which was on her hull, and
without her machinery or armament, they
were paid about $80,000, and under a law
passed at the last session of Congress the
court was authorized to readjust the case ou
the basis of the whole armament of the vessel.
message from THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson, one of its
