1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1193
longer I must ask the committee to rise, in order
to obtain from the House an order to close
debate.
Mr. COBURN. I object to closing debate
at present.
Mr. SARGENT. Then we had better rise
for the purpose of obtaining from the House an
order to close debate.
Mr. COBURN. I believe I have the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. COBURN. The objections that have
been urged in this debate against the contin-
uance of the Spanish professorship in the Mili-
tary Academy at West Point are based upon a
low standard of education at that institution.
The idea has been advanced that the graduates
are not good scholars, and that they enter the
Academy deficient in knowledge of the English
language. If that is the case, it ought not to
be with the present course of studies there,
with the large number of teachers that they
have, and with the present standards for admis-
sion, to which I will call the attention of gen-
tlemen.
A student at West Point for the first year is
required to study algebra, geometry, French
grammar, &c. In mathematics the standard
is at least as high as it is for admission into
the second-rate colleges of the country, bat
not as high as it is in the first-class colleges.
Let me ask the attention of gentlemen for a
moment. In order to enter Harvard Univer-
sity a student must have a knowledge of the
classical languages, Latin and Greek, so as
to be able to pass an examination in Virgil,
Oecsar's Commentaries, Cicero's Orations,
Xenophon's Anabasis, &c., and in mathematics
he must pass an examination in algebra, plain
geometry, trigonometry, &c. A student is
expected to have traveled beyond a common
school course and to have spent from one to
two years in studying mathematics and the
dead languages before he is entitled to admis-
sion to such a college. Why can we not ele-
vate the standard of admission at West Point,?
My idea is that we should not for a moment
consent to regard the Military Academy as
faithfully conducted, under-the present system,
if its students graduate without a good knowl-
edge of the English language. The professors
are unfaithful to their trust if, keeping the
students there four years, and taking them
through the highest range of mathematical and
scientific studies, they are unable to impart to
them the ability to speak and write the English
language correctly. The law does not need
mending for that, but the practice, if this be
so. I do not believe it.
But, as I said at the start, this is the wrong
time and the wrong place to inaugurate a change
of this kind ; for it is no reform ; it is a mere
change, and as gentlemen, not I, would have
it, a change from bad to worse. As a prac-
tical fact, our Army officers need a knowledge
of the Spanish language. If our students at
the Military Academy need to study the lan-
guage in which is written the most valuable
works on military science of the present day,
let us abolish the study of French, and let the
students learn the German language, the
tongue of the great master military Power of
modern Europe ; works much wider in their
range than those upon the mere science of
engineering, upon which the French works
have heretofore been deemed, perhaps, the
most valuable.
The prestige of French military science is
destroyed, and, in point ot fact, was never
founded upon superior merit. Since the days
of Frederick the Great many hold that the
Prussians have held the real advance ou these
subjects.
If we must make a change in the course ot
studies, let us make it rationally and upon due
consideration, if Congress so desires, let us
overhaul this institution, and provide a higher
standard of scholarship for admission, so that
students on entering the Military Academy
may have, like those admitted, for instance, to
Harvart} College, a knowledge of algebra, of
geometry, of trigonometry—a good scientific
foundation—a thorough acquaintance with
English grammar, and some knowledge of
rhetoric. Let the standard be made high, so
that the graduates of the Academy may become
proficicnt scholars in English literature, in
German literature, ajid, if need be, in Spanish,
as well as in the sciences. The knowledge of
this language will be of greater and greater
value as time rolls on. The boy is born that
will live to see the day when the general shall
mount his horse and lead the column, riding
from the Rio Grande to the Isthmus of Pan-
ama, with the flag and the armed men of the
Union behind him ; and that other boy is alive
who will issue general orders in the Spanish
language from Moro Castle to a people there
who will then be citizens of the United States!
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that debate on the pending
paragraph be closed.
There being no objection, it was ordered
that all debate terminate on the pending
paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. As the Chair under-
stands, the amendment to strike out the last
word has been withdrawn, and the question is
upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Cobltkn,] to strike out what will
be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
And the Secretary of War may, in his discretion,
substitute for the professorship of Spanish a profes-
sorship of rhetoric and English literature.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Cobukn, it was agreed to; there
being—-ayes seventy-two, noes not counted.
Mr.SLOCUM. I offertheamendment which
I send to the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Insert after the paragraph last read the following:
That section thirteen of an act entitled "An act
making appropriations lor the support of the Army
for the year ondins Jane 30,1871, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 15,1870, be amended so as to
read as follows:
That the professors of the United States Military
Academy whose services in the Army and at the
Academy exceed twenty-five years shall have the
pay of colonel of engineers; and those whose terms
of like service are less than twenty-five and exceed
fifteen years shall have the pay of lieutenant colonel
of engineers; and all other professors at the Acad-
emy shall have the pay of major of engineers; and
hereafter there shall be allowed and paid to said
professors ten per cent, of their current yearly
pay for each and every term of five years' service:
Provided, That such addition shall not in any case
exceed forty per cent.of said yearly pay; and said
professors are hereby placed upon the same footing
as regards retirement from active service as officers
of the Army. The quartermaster at the Military
Academy shall receive the same pay and allowances
as regimental quartermasters.
Mr. SARGENT. I reserve a point of order
on that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that under a suspension of the rules this
amendment was authorized to be offered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I offer
the following as a substitute for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Slocum.]
Insert after the second paragraph of the bill the
t0I>°ov?de'd, That the professors of theUnited States
Military Academy whose service in the Army and
at the Academy exceeds ten years shall have the
pay and allowances of colonel ot engineers; ana all
other professors shall have the pay and allowances
of lieutenant colonel of engineers ; and hereafter
there shall be allowed and paid to said professors
ten per cent, of their ourrent yearly pay for each
and every term of five years' service: Provided,
That such addition shall in no case exceed forty per
cent, of said yearly pay ; and said professors are
hereby placed upon the same footing as regards
retirement from active service as officers of the
Army.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to a point of
order. I make the point of order that the
amendment is not in order, as it changes
existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] to be germane to the
amendment of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Slocum] which wa3 permitted to be
offered to this bill under a suspension of the
rules. As the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts is germane to that of the
gentleman from New York, the Chair must
decide it is in order.
Mr. SLOCUM. Of course. It is in the
nature of a substitute for my amendment.
Mr. COBURN. I understood it was the
ruling in committee the other day that an
amendment to an amendment, although ger-
mane, if however it proposes to change the
existing law, cannot be entertained, if objec-
tion be made, as an amendment to the amend-
ment. The question was not whether the
amendment to the amendment was germane,
but whether it did or not propose a change of
existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The original amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York [Mr
Slocom] does change existing law, but it
was permitted to be introduced as an amend-
ment to this bill by an order of the House
under a suspension of the rules. That being
the case, an amendment to that amendment,
if germane, is in order.
Mr. COBURN. The rules of the House
were suspended for the only purpose of per-
mitting the amendment of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Slocum] to be offered to this
bill, and not for the purpose of allowing the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] to be considered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The
amendment being here before the committee,
I certainly have the right to move to amend it.
Mr. MOREY. I should like to make a par-
liamentary inquiry.
Mr. SLOCUM. I do not yield any further.
Mr. MOREY. I rise, to a parliamentary
inquiry. When a committee asks permission
of the House ; when they ask the unanimous
consent of the House to have a certain amend-
ment in order and pending when a bill comes
up for consideration in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and when
the House grants that permission to the com-
mittee, I should like to know whether that
allows any member of the House to move as
an amendment something else, and to have
that something else pending and in order,
although it may be contrary to the rules in
changing existing law ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair states as to
this particular case that the amendment of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Slocum] was
permitted by a suspension of the rules to be
considered. It therefore takes its place in the
bill for consideration under tho rules, and an
amendment to it, if germane, is entirely in
order. Now, the amendment of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is cer-
tainly germane to the pending amendment
and is certainly in order.
Mr. SLOCUM. Mr. Chairman, the pay ot
the professors of the Military Academy at West
Point was established by the law of 1870._ At that
time every professor had been thfcVc thirty-five
years, and the bill was drawn simply in refer-
ence to the gentlemen then holding those posi-
tions. Since that time, however, a change has
taken place in the professors at that Academ),
and new professors have taken the places of
the old ones, and under the law of 1870 estab-
lishing their pay they receive only the pay^ of
lieutenant colonel. During the last session
they presented to Congress a memorial set-
ting forth these facts, and asking for a change
of the law, that those who had been there for ten
years should receive the pay of colonel, and
those there less than that time should receive
the pay of lieutenant colonel. Their memo-
rial was sent to the Secretary of War, and was
returned with his approval, and with the rec-
ommendation on his part in favor of the pass-
age of an act providing for that which they
asked.
