1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2153
The Committee on Appropriation is not at all
responsible for the appropriation of $60,000-
000 or any smaller sum for public buildings
that have not been recommended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE. I offer this amendment to be
Inserted after line four hundred and fifty:
_ For the annual salary of the historiographer and
librarian of the Indian department, to be appointed
by the President, 83,000.
For the expenses incidental to the preparation by
the historiographer of an encyclopedia of Indian
affairs on the plan submitted by Dr. Thomas Foster,
of Minnesota, $2,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary.
For the commencement of an ethnological and
historical library and an archological museum of
the Indian race of the United States, to be under
the charge of the historiographer and librarian of
tile Indian department, $2,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) What committee does
this come from?
Mr. RICE. From the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and it is recommended by the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
Mr. COLE. It has not been referred to the
Committee on Appropriations that I know of.
1 do not remember seeing it. If it has been
referred I have not noticed it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Has it been
referred to the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. RICE. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order.
Mr. RICE. It comes from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and was recommended by
the Department of the Interior.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. But besides
that it must be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations. It is not in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On page 20
I move to strike out the proviso in lines four
hundred and eighty-nine, four hundred and
ninety, and four hundred ninety-one, as fol-
lows :
Provided, That no money thus obtained or herein
appropriated shall be used for changing the grade
of the park east of the Capitol.
I merely wish to say to the Senate that this
proviso has no possible connection with the
appropriation to which it is proposed. It is
not proposed in the appropriation to change
the grade; and yet when the time shall arrive
I shall hope to show the Senate, so that they
will reach the conclusion, that the grade ought
to be changed. I have here the original esti-
mate and plan of the first architect of the Cap-
itol showing that the grade ought to be changed.
I have before me the report made by Secretary
of State Jefferson to Washington in 1794,
with a carefully prepared estimate of the tost
of making a change so that the Capitol should
stand on the highest ground here, and that
drainage would go off from all sides of it.
But I do not desire to enter upon that ques-
tion now, but merely to strike out a conclusion
that is sought to be incorporated in this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont striking out the proviso beginning
on line four hundred and eighty-nine of the
bill, as follows:
Provided, That no money thus obtained or herein
appropriated shall bo used for changing the grade
of the park east of the Capitol.
The amendment was agreed to.
impeachment of judge delahay.
A committee of the House of Representa-
tives, consisting of Messrs. Benjamin F. But-
ler of Massachusetts, John A. peters of
Maine, and Clarkson N. Potter of New
York, appeared at the bar of the Senate.
The committee having been announced, ad-
vanced toward the area in front of the Secre-
tary's desk, and
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, said: Mr.
President, in obedience to the order of the
House of Representatives, this committee oL
the House appear at the bar of the Senate of
the United States, and do impeach Mark W.
Delahay, district judge of the United States
district court for the district of Kansas, in the
name of the House of Representatives, and all
the people of the United States, for high crimes
and misdemeanors in office. And we do fur-
ther acquaint the Senate, by the order of the
House, that the House will in due time furnish
particular articles against said Delahay and
make good the same. And this committee is
further charged by the House to demand of
the Senate that they will take order for the
appearance of Mark W. Delahay as such judge
to answer the same.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senate will take
order in the premises, of which due notice
shall be given to the House of Representa-
tives.
The committee of the House then withdrew.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. WEST submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. It. No. 3850; making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1874, having met. after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows :
That the Senaterecedefrom its amendments num-
bered 9,10,12, 20, and 21.
That the House of Representatives recede from its
disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8,14, 15, 16, 17. and 18; and
agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate No. 6, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: strike out
all after the word " post," in line two of said amend-
ment, and insert in lieu thereof tho words " between
the Missouri river and Fort Ellis:" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
amendment No. 13, and agroo to the same with
amendments, as follows: after the word ''war,"
inline eight of said amendment, insert as follows:
" after sixty days'advertisement in newspapers of
general circulation.'' And at the end of said
amendment No. 13 add as follows: " and the con-
tracts made under this act shall provide tor furnish-
ing .and selling all the said headstones, and shall
not in the aggregate exceed the snm hereby appro-
priated." And after the word " contract," in line
seven, add the letter " sand the Senate agree to
tho same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
amendment No. 19, and agree to the same with an
ameudinent, as follows: strike out the last line of
said amendment; and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the Senate recede from the amendment No.
11, and agree to tho same with an amendment as fol-
lows: add after the word "advertisement," inline
nine, page 5 of the bill, the following: "and the
gross proceeds of such sale shall be covered into the
Treasury;" and the House agree to the same.
J. R. WEST.
JOHN A. LOGAN,
M. W. RANSOM,
Managerx on thepart of the Senate.
OLIVER J. DICKEY,
JOHN C0BURN,
FRANK W. PALMER,
Managers on. the part of the Home,
The report was concurred in.
message from tilis house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
R. No. 3498) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department for the
year ending June 30, 1874.
The message also announced that the House
had receded from its third amendment to the
bill (S. No. 245) amendatory of an act author-
izing the construction of a bridge across the
Arkansas river.
The message also announced thatthe House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the following bills:
Afbill (H. R. No. 1130) to provide for the
purchase by the Secretary of War of lands for
the United States in the State of Texas for
the sites of forts and military posts ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2431) granting a pension
to John Davis, corporal of the night-watch on
board the United States ship Octorara;
A bill (H. R. No. 2523) granting a pension
to Henry Rieman;
A bill (H. R. No. 2534) granting a pension
to Cordelia C. Dougherty;
A bill (H. R. No. 3443) for the relief of
Edmund Jussen;
A bill (H. R. No. 3583) making appropria-
tions for the payment of claims reported
allowed by the commissioners of claims under
the act of Congress of March 3, 1871; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3625) to amend an act
entitled ''An act governing the colored schools
of the District of Columbia."
deficiency bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 4051) making appropriations to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for theserviee
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
Mr. RICE. I offer the following amend-
ment by direction of the Committee on Indian
Affairs:
For the annual salary of a historiographer and
librarian of the Indian department, to be appointed
by the President, $3,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Has this
been referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations ?
Mr. RAMSEY. There is no objection to it
by anybody.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection to the reception of the
amendment.
Mr. BOREMAN. Is that in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
inquired of the Senator from Arkansas if it had
been referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations.
Mr. RICE. It has not been.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it is
not in order.
Mr. RICE. Has any point of order been
raised on it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from West Virginia raises the point of
order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have an
amendment to offer which is reported by the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
It is to amend on page 20, after line four hun-
dred and ninety-one. I will say that the Sen-
ate have already passed a bill in relation to an
elevator for the Senate wing of the Capitol,
but the House have not been able and prob-
ably will not be able to reach it on the Speak-
er's table, and I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds to
move to insert in the bill that is before the
Senate. I move that it be inserted after line
four hundred and ninety one:
For an elevator in the Senate wing of the Capitol,
$10,000, to be expended under the direction of tho
Architect of the Capitol Extension.
I will say that this is not only for the con-
venience of Senators who are unable phys-
ically to walk up the stairs of the Capitol, but
it is also for the purpose of carrying fuel into
the upper stories of the Capitol and to save at
least six men who are employed now for that
purpose.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I moves to add the
words "or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary" after the amount.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
objection to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The modi-
fication will be read.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I notice an item of great
importance on page 23 providing for the pay-
ment of the old Cherokee claim.
Mr. CONKLING. Before my friend
touches that, will he let me offer an amend-
ment from the Committee on the Judiciary?
It is on page 7 at the end of line one hundred
and sixty-seven to insert:
To pay the just expenses and emoluments of tha
marshal of the United States for the Territory of
