230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
clerks, informed the House that the Senate had
passed the bill (H. R. No. 1048) supplemental
to and amendatory of an act entitled "An act i
to prescribe the mode of obtaining evidence in
cases of contested elections," approved Feb- ,
ruary 19,1851, with amendments, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I understood the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
to say that the captors of the Albemarle re-
ceived $80,000 previously.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. And we propose to
give them here $202,000 more. That will be
nearly $300,000. The other day we sold some
vessels in the Brooklyn navy-yard for $45,-
000, the construction of which cost, five or
six years ago, some six hundred thousand or
seven hundred thousand dollars. We sold them
for $45,000, and here is an old vessel with old
machinery, brought up from the bottom of the
river, valued at $300,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. A short answer
would be this: that the amount could be col-
lected in the Court of Claims if we appropri-
ated nothing here. But gentlemen should take
into account the fact that this is no ordinary
vessel, but a leviathan, armed with rifled guns
of heavy caliber, and in the most complete con-
dition for war.
Now, she did not long lie at the bottom of
the bay. We raised her in a few weeks and
put her at once into the service, and she did us
great service during the remainder of the war.
She was by no means an ordinary vessel, but
an extraordinary and valuable one. I submit
as a portion of my remarks the report of the
Secretary of the Navy, and also the finding of
the United States district court for this District.
The documents are as follows:
Navy Department,
Washington, December 4,1872.
Sir: The district court of the United States for
the l)istrict of Columbia has in conformity with the
act relating to the capture of the Albemarle,
approved April 1, 1872, reexamined the prize case
of the rebel iron-elad man-of-war Albemarle, and
by a decree rendered July 9,1872, has appraised the
value of the said vessel as the sum of 8282.856 90,
leaving a deficiency due to the captors of 8202,912 90.
The Department having no appropriation out of
which this amount can be paid, I have the honor to
request that the necessary provision for it may bo
made in the deficiency bill.
Very respectfully, GEO. M. ROBESON,
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. James A. Garfield, Chairman Committee on
Ajypropriations, House of Representatives.
In the district court of the United States for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The United States | In prize. j
The rebel ram Albemarle, J ^°'
By consent of parties, it is, this 9th day of July, in
the year 1872, ordered that the report of the board
of appraisers appointed by the decree of this court,
bearing date the 5th day of June, in the year 1872,
which report appraises the said rebel ram Albe-
marle, the prize in the proceedings mentioned, as
of the value of $282,856 90 be, and the game is hereby,
ratified and confirmed.
And it appearing that the sum of 879,944 has here-
tofore been deposited with the Assistant Treasurer
of the United States at Washington for distribution !
to the captors, it is further ordered that the residue,
to wit, $202,912 "JO, be deposited with the Assistant
Treasurer of the United States at Washington city,
subject to the order of this court.
D. C. HUMPHREYS.
A true copy: Justice, &c.
R. J. MEIGS, Clerk, See.
R. J. MEIGS, jr., Assistant.
I now call the attention of the committee to
the main item, the largest in the bill, an ap-
propriation for public works in the District of '
Columbia. I
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the gentleman
passes to that point I wish to call his attention 1
to the item at the foot of page 1 of the bill,
which is in these words :
Post Office Department:
For the manufacture, engraving, and printing of
postal cards for tho service of the quarter ending
June 30,1873, $50,000.
What reason is there for appropriating only
for one quarter of the fiscal year ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This is for the
last quarter of the fiscal year, and it is the
only quarter for which appropriation is asked.
Mr. MAYNARD. Why limit the expend-
iture to that quarter? Why not allow them
for the remaining quarters of the fiscal year?
Mr, GARFIELD, of Ohio. Because they
do not expect to be ready to go on with this
work until the last quarter of the fiscal year.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand that no
appropriation has jet been made for this ser-
vice.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. None. We
did not expect the Department would be ready
to do anything upon this work this fiscal year;
but the Postmaster General says now that he
will be ready at the beginning of the fourth
quarter.
Mr. MAYNARD. He does not then desire
an appropriation anterior to this.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. He does not
ask for anything more than is granted by this
bill.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the very large sum pro-
posed to be appropriated on the third page of
this bill challenges the most careful atten-
tion of the House, as it has challenged the
carqful attention of the Committee on Appro-
priations. When our attention was first called
to this question, the committee felt that the de-
maud was one apparently of an extravagant
nature. Five meetings of the committee have
been held upon this subject. At one of those
meetings, on Saturday week, the committee
spent five or six hours in personally inspect-
ing the work done by the Board of Public
Works, and asking to be shown the worst and
the best of their work.
The Committee on Appropriations do not
come before the House in any sense as the
advocates of any person on the board or of
the board itself, but we come to presoot to the
House the simple facts in the case. In the
first place, it will be remembered that Con-
gress has the absolute, sole control of legis-
lation for the District of Celumbia, and gen-
tlemen ought to remember, in the second
place, that this city has within its corporate
limits sixty-one hundred and twenty acres, and
that fifty-four per cent, of that auiouut is in
streets, avenues, and alleys; that more than
three thousand acres of the total surface of
this city are in streets, avenues, and alleys;
tbat the Government of the United States
owns the fee-simple in all those avenues,
streets, and alleys, and that an opinion of the
Supreme Court of the United States, delivered
by Judge Story in 1820, I think, declared
that the United States can shut up any street,
sell it, or make any other disposal of it that it
pleases ; in other words, that the absolute lee
in the streets, avenues, and alleys of tbe city
is in the Government of the United States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Without the cossent
of the tax-payers residing thereon ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is the
decision, and I must say that I think it rather
an extraordinary one. I sitnply mention, iu
passing, that that was the decree of the court.
I call attention to it only to show the peculiar
relations which the Government of the United
States sustains to the streets of this city.
Furthermore, the United States purchased
and for a long time owned in fee simple nearly
one half of all the remainder of the surface
of this city in lots, squares, and reservations.
A part of these squares and lots the Govern-
ment has sold and received therefor a much
larger sum than the amount which it originally
paid for its whole purchase. The United
States now holds seven hundred and fifty acres
in lots, squares, and reservations in this city,
besides the ownership of the streets which
it has.
The avenues, streets, and alleys of this city
were laid out in 171)1 or 1792, by the United
States for its own use and glory. They were
made wide and magnificent, as you see them
in no other city of the Union, not for the con-
venience of the citizens here, but for the con-
venience and glory of tbe nation. An important
question here confronts us: what share in the
care of those avenues, streets, and alleys,
belongs to the Government of the United
States, and what share belongs to the citizens
resident here? A very large percentage of the
population of this city are Federal people,
who do not belong in Washington, but who
are here solely on the business of the Govern-
ment. The Congress, and all the people that
Congress brings here, the Executive Depart-
ments, and all the clerks and employ6s of the
Executive Departments, and the families which
they bring into the city, are mainly a Federal
population, belonging not to Washington, but
temporarily residing here for the purposes of
the General Government.
Now, consider the ratio of the population of
this city which is Federal in its character, the
size of the streets owned by the United States,
the amount of property owned by the United
States, which I believe is about $60,000,000
out of a total valuation of some $150,000,000,
more than one third of the whole; and from
these elements let us determine what propor-
tion of the expense of caring for these streets
should be borne by the United States.. In the
valuation to wfyich I have just referred of
course the streets are not included. I speak
only of the property exclusive of the streets.
For more than fifty years the behavior of
Congress toward the city of Washington has
been like a whimsical step-mother. The course
of Congress has been capricious, fitful, and
uncertain. For examplej at one time Con-
gress has said to the citizens on Pennsylvania
avenue: take this broad avenue which we laid
out without consulting you, pave it from side
to side and tax yourselves twenty dollars per
front foot to pay for it; at another time Con-
gress has paved that avenue from end to end,
and paid the whole expense out of the national
Treasury.
If gentlemen will read the historical por-
tions of the report of the Board of Public
Works they will see what part the United
States has hitherto borne in the improvement
of this city. I particularly commend to the
attention of gentlemen a report made to the
Senate in 1835 by Senator Southard, which
contains an exhaustive review of the subject
up to that time.
The fact is that a body like this, composed
of members chosen to represent particular
constituencies, have looked upon their duties
to this city as incidental and of no special
interest to the constituency they represent.
We have therefore had all sorts of govern-
ments established over the people of this
District.
In order if possible to put .an end to thia
uncertainty, Congress passed in 1871 an
organic act for a new District government. I
confess to my own surprise when a short time
since I learned that in that organic act Con-
gress had created a Board of Public Works,
and had put in their absolute control the ave-
nues, streets, and alleys of this city, without
limitation or control from any other executive
department of the Government. That seemed
to me too much power to put in the hands of
any one board, but it was not the business of
the Committee on Appropriations to make the
law. We took it as we found it. We found
a Board of Public Works appointed by the
President, with the consent of the Senate, and
clothed with the powers to which I have re-
ferred, that the whole limitation placed upon
their powers was the amount of money with
which they might be intrusted by the District
government, and the amount of general and
special taxation which might be levied upon
the citizens for improvements. We found that
with these, and under these limitations, the
