i m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
The letter of the Secretary of War'and the
memorial of these professorships were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and the
amendment I have presented was what that
committee'agreed upon. It is not what they
asked, nor what was recommended by the Sec-
retary of War, nor indeed what I myself was
willing to agree they should have. What the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
has offered as a substitute is what they asked
for, and what was recommended by the Secre-
tary of War. I present the amendment, how-
ever, in compliance with the vote of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I think the sub-
stitute of the gentleman from Massachusetts
should be adopted. I think when a gentleman
has served in the Military Academy for ten
years as one of these professors, and is fitted
to hold that responsible position, he should
receive the pay of colonel. It is little enough
even then, and it is less than professors of the
same character receive at other collegiate insti-
tutions in the neighborhood. At Columbia
college they receive $5,000, while this will give
them $3,500. It is lower than Congress
intended they should receive.
Mr. MOORE. Are they not, in addition to
their salary, furnished with quarters?
Mr. SLOCUM. They are furnished with
quarters the same as other Army officers.
What they receive is not sufficient to enable
any young man with a family to support him-
self. We know how it is ourselves here in
this city of Washington, where we receive
$5,000 a year, and yet are not able to live on
that sum. West Point is an expensive place,
and justice at our hands requires the passage
of the substitute moved by the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. KERR. I ask the gentleman from New
York the question, what quarters means?
Mr. SLOCUM. It means a house.
Mr. KERR. Are they also furnished with
rations ?
Mr. SLOCUM. No, sir ; that has all been
cut down.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
the attention of the committee while I state
what is the substitute I have offered; and I
think it will require no further argument.
The amendment proposed by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Slocum] is exactly the
same as mine, except that it requires twenty-
five and fifteen years' service in the Army and
in the Academy in order to entitle a professor
to the pay of a lieutenant colonel of engineers.
Prior to 1870 all the professors were paid at
the fixed rate of $2,240 per annum, the rate
of compensation for a colonel of cavalry.
But the law was changed then, and when we
changed the pay of Army officers a change was
made also in regard to the pay of professors,
although there was no discussion upon that
point.
Now, a professor in West Point, however
capable, can get only the pay of his Army
rank. And if he does not happen to get any
Army rank, as chaplains and some others,
then he gets the pay of the lowest grade. The
amendment tfhieh I propose, and which is the
amendment recommended by the Secretary of
War, is that all the professors whose service in
the Army and in the Academy exceeds ten
years shall have the pay and allowances of
colonel of engineers, and all others shall have
the pay and allowances of lieutenant colonel
of engineers, which is about $2,500. They
have no rations; they have quarters allow-
ances. And I say, and 1 desire the attention
of the committee to the fact, that any man fit
to be a professor there ought to have more
than $2,200 a year. And they have no other
source of income. There is an express rule
of the War Department that they cannot even
go out to lecture in vacation. They can do
nothing else, 'i'hey have nothing to bring
np their families upon but this pay. And I
think we should not withhold that increase of
pay until they get too old to have a family, or
until they have had their families brought up
on such pittances as they may have had.
If men are fit to be professors at West
Point they ought to have thi3 sum at least.
If they are not fit, other men ought to be sent
in their places. But I desire to say, so far as
I know them, that they are eminently fit.
They can all of them be taken into the first
universities of this country and receive far
higher pay. They can any of them go into
civil life as engineers and get far higher pay.
And besides, this is by no means a life office,
and therefore it has not the merit of per-
manency. I now send to the desk and desire
to have read the letter of the Secretary of
War, recommending this substitute exactly,
which I have moved in the very words recom-
mended by the Secretary.
The Clerk read as follows:
War Department, April 17,1872.
The Secretary of War has the honor to reply to a
request ot the Committee on Military Affairs of the
House of ^Representatives for his views upon the sub-
ject of a memorial from certain professors of the
Military Academy, asking legislation to increase
their salaries and to give them the benefit of the
longevity allowance and retirement laws, by report-
ing that, in his belief, these gentlemen are entitled
to the relief prayed for, and that the substitute sug-
gested in their memorial for the existing laws on the
subject of their pay and allowances would seem to
be a proper basis for legislative action.
It will be observed that, prior to the act of July
15,1870, all the professors of the Military Academy
had an equal and fixed salary, namely, $2,240 per
annum, a rate of compensation assimilated to that
of colonel of cavalry, and that, being commissioned
officers of the Army, those who had served the re-
quisite period or periods of five years, not necessarily
continuously, received also the longevity rations.
The new pay law of July 16, 1870, now diserim-
inatesbetween the professors according to length of
service in the Army and at the Academy, giving the
salaries of colonel to those whose service exceeds
thirty-five years; of lieutenant colonel to those
whose service is less than thirty-five and more than
twenty-five years; and of major to all other pro-
fessors.
Thus far in the law continuous service is not made
a condition-precedent.
But the clause " hereafter there shall be allowed
and paid to said professors ten per cent, of their
current yearly pay for each and every term of five
years' continuous service" is not in harmony with
the law of March 2, 1867, (14 Statutes, pp. 434, 435,)
which permits officers to count all their time passed
in actual service, (regular and volunteer.) whether
continuously or at different periods, and discrimin-
ates in favor of some as against others whose ser-
vices are equally meritorious.
It is therefore believed that a substitute of the
nature of that proposed would only be reasonable
and just and expedient, as it would be in harmony
with all the decisions in reference to longevity
rations, and with the first section of the act of March
2,1867.
The memorial is herewith returned.
WM. W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
there may now be a vote on the substitute.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Massachusetts. I un-
derstand him to say that the present pay of
the professors is about $2,200 a year and
quarters.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Twenty-
two hundred and forty dollars exactly. But
that only applies to the higher grades.
Mr. POTTER. How much will it be by
this amendment?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The
highest under this will be $3,000.
. Mr. POTTER. Well, even that is a very
insignificant compensation for men competent
to fill these offices, and I hope the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts will
prevail.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to call the attention
of the House to a single point, and it is this :
that by law the salary of the professor of
tactics at West Point is that of a lieutenant
colonel of engineers. He may be only a cap-
tain or lieutenant, but as professor he receives
the pay of lieutenant colonel of engineers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It used
to be so, but is not so now.
Mr. MORGAN. I am informed that it is
so now, and if the gentleman will allow me to
proceed he will find that I concur with him on
this question. All we ask is that the other
professors, the professor of engineering, the
professor of philosophy, and others, shall be
placed in the same grade and receive the same
salary which is given to the professor of tac-
tics. The amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts is just and I hope it will pre-
vail.
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to say that these
amendments were not considered by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. The amendment
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Slo-
cum] has the approbation of the Committee
on Military Affairs, and the substitute of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bother]
has the approbation of the Secretary of War.
When it was first presented, I was inclined to
think that the amendment of the gentleman
from New York ought to be adopted, but after
this discussion, I am of the opinion that the
substitute of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts ought to prevail.
Mr. COBURN. I will say a word in explan-
ation. At present the pay of inspectors at
the Military Academy is $3,500; the pay of
Superintendent is $3,500; the pay of command-
ant of cadets is $3,000; the pay of professor of
more than thirty-five years' service is $3,500;
the pay of professor of less than thirty-five
and more than twenty-five years' service is
$3,000; the pay of professor of less than
twenty-five years' service is $2,500; the pay of
assistant professor is $2,000; and the pay of
acting assistant professor is the pay of his
grade in the Army. And the professors are
to have in addition ten per cent, of their cur-
rent yearly pay for each term of five years'
continuous service.
Now, I do not know the length of service
of the officers on duty at the Academy; but if
the bill of the Committee on Military Affairs
passes they can have no reason to complain.
This bill or amendment is as follows:
That the professor of the United States Mili-
tary Academy whose services in the Army and at
the Academy exceed twenty-five years shall have
the pay of colonel of engineers; and those whose
terms of like service are less than twenty-five and
exceed fifteen years shall have the pay of lieutenant
colonel of engineers; and all other professors at the
Academy shall have the pay of major of engineers;
and hereafter there shall be allowed and paid to
said professors ten per cent, of their current yearly
pay lor each and every term of five years' service:
Provided, That such addition shall not in any ease
exceed forty per cent, of said yearly pay; and said
professors are hereby placed upon the same footing
as regards retirement from active service as officers
of the Army. The quartermaster at the Military
Academy shall receive the same pay and allowances
as regimental quartermasters.
Thus, after twenty-five years' service, the
professor, though a major, gets colonel's pay
and per cents, and after fifteen years a lieu-
tenant colonel's pay and per cents; in the
one case $3,900, in the other $4,900 as pay
and percentages. This is too high regularly,
and only attaches to those of long service.
Now I think this is as far as we ought to go.
Thirty-five hundred dollars and the per cents
are enough for any of these professors, how-
ever old in service or meritorious, for all ordin-
ary services. And when I say this I say that
I hold in the highest esteem this Academy in
every _ respect, and I am not hostile in the
opposition I make to this amendment; but we
considered in committee that we were doing
very well by these professors in allowing a
colonel's pay after a service of twenty-five
years, and a lieutenant colonel's pay after a
service of fifteen years, and an increase of ten
per cent, on their entire pay for every five
years of service. Why, sir, what is the pay of
a lieutenant colonel? Three thousand dollars
a year and ten per cent, for every five years'
service.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does
not every officer of the Army get that ten per
cent. ?
Mr. COBURN. No, sir; not according to
the pay of a grade above his own as these offi-
cers will do at the Academy where rank and
pay do not ruu together.
