2154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Utah, incurred and earned in the service of process
and performing other official duties pursuant to the
decision of the supreme court of said Territory
that it was the duty of said marshal #to serve said
frocoss of the district courts of said Territory,
20,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary: Pro-
vided, That the accounts of said marshal shall be
settled by the same officer and upon the same prin-
ciples required by law in respect to his accounts as
marshal of said court when exercising jurisdiction
as circuit and district courts of the United States.
Mr. BAYARD. May I ask whence that
amendment proceeds?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. From the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BAYARD. Is that reported from the
committee?
Mr. CONKLING. No doubt ofit. Itwas
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary
without any division, and I think without any
doubt as to its justice.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not question-the
report of the Judiciary Committee in matters
of that kind.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out
from line live hundred and thirty-eight to line
five hundred and sixty-seven. That clause is
au appropriation of $1,650,600 for what is
known as the old Cherokee claim, which has
been pending in Congress time out of mind.
I ought to say a few words in regard to this,
although I suppose Senators understand it.
Why is it that we are called upon on the last
day of the session to vote in an appropriation
bill a claim amounting to over $1,600,000 that
has been disputed and contested for twenty
years in both Houses of Congress? During
the war and before the war and since the war
this claim has been pressed in various forms
upon us. It has always been rejected ; it has
never been passed; and now in the last days
of the session it comes to us in a deficiency
bill, passed in the expiring hours of the present
Congress, appropriating $1,650,600 of the
public money. The mere statement of the
fact, without going into the merits, ought to
induce the Senate to strike it out, and if there
is a claim of this kind let it come up when it
can be considered and debated.
The facts involved in this claim are historical.
It would be necessary to speak by the hour to
state them all. It has been discussed by the
hour and by the day. Now we are asked to
appropriate $1,650,600 of the public money at
the last moment on this bill, and it scarcely
attracted the attention of the other House.
There are in this bill also some other items
which the House have put on for deficiencies
for Indians, all of them old claims except
probably ยง100,000, amounting to ยง2,896,937.
To that the Senate committee has added claims,
including the Montana war claim, amounting
to $1,002,288, among the rest the old claim of
the Creek orphans, the youngest of whom must
be now about seventy years of age, judging
from the time that claim has been pending.
Here are appropriations of over three millions
for matters that ought not to be put upon an
appropriation bill at all. 1 do not wish to weary
the Senate m regard to this matter, but I think
the mere statement of these facts, the incon-
gruity of the thing, ought to induce the Senate
to strike them out. They are legislative pro-
visions in their character; they are disputed
and controverted claims that have existed, all
of them, for twenty years. I hope therefore the
Senate will strike out these items and let them
stand to abide the future action of Congress.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand the Senator
from Ohio to say that the provisions of these
vast appropriations have never been discussed
before the Senate and never have been argued.
Mr. SHERMAN. They have been argued
over and over again in separate bills, but never
put on an appropriation bill.
Mr. BAYARD. Now they are put together
and strung in this bill at this hour of the ses-
sion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; always rejected
heretofore, or they would not be here now.
The mere statement of the fact ought to induce,
in my judgment, the adoption of an amend-
ment striking out all these Indian provisions.
Mr. COLE. This portion of the billl that
is moved to be stricken out is a part of the
bill that came to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives. This is not a proposition sprung
here ; it is in the bill as it came here from the
House of Representatives.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator will under-
stand me, I did not say that he sprung the
measure.
Mr. COLE. That was the very language
used by the Senator.
Mr. BAYARD. I did use that language in
its exact practical sense. I mean to say that
this is a complicated measure that has not
received that clear and distinct attention of
the Senate which would be bestowed on a
discussion which would warrant the passage
of a bill for such an amount, and yet it is now
thrust upon us in this appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. This is a proposition, as I un-
derstand it, and as the bill itself will show, to
transfer from the funds of one Indian tribe to
those of another a sum derived from the sale
of their lands, and is in no sense in the world
an appropriation. I know it is urged here
loosely by the Senator from Ohio that it is an
appropriation. If he will observe the lan-
guage he will find that "the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized to draw from the
Treasury, by requisition in due form, the
amount, so transferred, and invest the same in
United States registered stocks, in accordance
with the provisions of the twenty-third article
of the Cherokee treaty'' of,a certain date.
That is what it is.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is, the money is to
be drawn from the general Treasury of the
United States collected from taxes, and in-
vested for the benefit of these people.
Mr. COLE. I do hope Senators will take
sufficient notice of the bill to be prepared not
to make unfounded statements. It is taking
money which is to the credit of one tribe and
putting it to the credit of another, and directs
that the money shall be invested for the ben-
efit of the party entitled to it. The fund, as I
understand, arose from the sale of land under
a treaty, and that is all there is. The Senator
says it has been debated in the Senate for weeks.
Perhapsit has been. I do not know but thatit
has been at some former time. I cannot tell the
history of it. I notice that it is here, and that
it came here from the House, and it is its par-
ticular character that I want understood. I
do not desire that it shall be misrepresented in
the manner that it has been by the Senator,
and it ought not to be so misrepresented, be-
cause on the very face of the clause it is
apparent what it is.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to the Sena-
tor from Ohio undertaking to state that this
Creek fund and this Chickasaw claim are old
matters that have been rejected again and
again. The Government of the United States
paid the interest on that Creek claim and on
that Chickasaw claim up to the rebellion and
since the rebellion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is not speak-
ing about this matter ; I was referring to the
Cherokee claim.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not know anything
about that.
Mr. SHERMAN. The other is of a dif-
ferent character.
Mr. HARLAN. I know thatthe honorable
Senator from Ohio would not misrepresent the
facts if he understood them. I had not no-
ticed this clause in the appropriation bill until
the honorable Senator called attention to it,
but the facts in the case are these : The Osage
Indians, under a law passed by Congress,
agreed to the sale of their lands in the State
of Kansas. The money received from the sale
of those lands has gone into the Treasury of
the United States. It belongs to the Osage
Indians. The same law provides that they
might purchase a tract of land in the Indian
Territory from the Cherokee Indians. That
contract has been made. The Osage Indians
are now living on the lands bought from the
Cherokees, in the Indian Territory, lying east
of the Arkansas river and south of the south-
ern border of Kansas; and this provision is to
enable the Department to take money belong-
ing to the Osage Indians arising from the pro-
ceeds of the sales of their lands in Kansas and
pay it over to the Cherokee Indians for the
lands the Osages have bought of the Chero-
kees ; and also to enable the money thus paid
to the Cherokees to be invested in Govern-
ment funds to be held for the Cherokee In-
dians by the United States.
If I understand the clause, that is all there
is in it, and every provision is in pursuance of
previous provisions of law. Congress author-
ized the sale of the Osage lands in Kansas,
authorized the purchase of other lauds from
the Cherokee Indians, authorized payment to
be made to the Cherokee Indians out of the
proceeds of these sales. Now, if there is any-
thing else in the provision, 1 have not seen it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me see if I under-
stand the Senator. Is not this the same claim
founded upon an award said to have been made
by the Senate of the United States?
Mr. HARLAN. Oh, no; that refers to the
Choctaw Indians. This is an entirely different
matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. I confess that I supposed
it was the same old claim, because I saw others
of a similar character coming up. I do not
know anything about the disposition of the
Osage lands. I have no information about it.
I thought I recognized in this the old Cherokee
claim, founded on an alleged award of the
Senate made at midnight in 1855 or 1856.
Mr. HARLAN. No, it is not that at all.
These Osage lands have been sold by the
ordinary machinery of the General Land Office,
and of course have been reported and covered
into the Treasury just as other moneys have
been covered in. They belong to the Osage
Indians ; and to enable them to pay the Chero-
kees for the lands they have bought of the
Cherokees it is necessary to make such a
provision of law as this.
Mr. CAMERON. I think this is a bad time
to dispose of these millions of dollars for
Indian claims. It takes a great expert, one
much wiser than I am, to understand what is
right and what is not right in regard to such
matters; but this much I know, that at the
last hour of the session almost we are ex-
pected to vote a million and a half or two
million dollars for a ciaitn which hardly any-
body understands. I think the best, way to
dispose of it is to lay it on the table, and I
move to lay the question on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania would retain
the provision in the bill. The pending amend-
ment is to strike out the provision.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I will not make
the motion. I want to get clear ofit. There
are half a dozen little claims under the observ-
ation of my immediate committee that I
should like to have passed upon. There is
one,, the claim of a poor woman who saved
half a million dollars in the town of Cham-
bersburg when the enemy were there. The
committee of the House reported and the
House of Representatives h^ve passed a bill
to give her ยง600 and the Military Committee
of this House have agreed to it. Now I can-
not reach that bill; and j7et here we are going
to vote on this bill for a doubtful claim of a
million and a half dollars. 1 wish the Pres-
ident would tell me what sort of motion L
shall make to get clear of this. I should like
to have a little time to understand this, and
therefore I shall vote for this moiiou to strike
it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to strike out the clause.
