1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
board had performed an enormous amount of
work in the way of improving the streets and
avenues 6f the city.
The committee have examined with care the
report of the Board of Public Works, a copy
of which I hold in my hand. We had the mem-
bers of that board before us. We also invited
the Committee for the District of Columbia to
meet with us to make any criticisms or sug-
gestions, of which opportunity that committee
treely availed itself. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Roosevelt] was present and
confronted the board with searching and
thorough criticisms and comments, to which and
to the replies the committee listened. We
have done all we could to ascertain, first,
whether the Board of Public Works have gone
beyond the financial limit that the law placed
upon them ; second, bow much they have ex-
pended ; third, how wisely, economically, and
honestly the work has been done; and finally,
what share of the expense the United States
ought to bear.
l'hese are the topics which the Committee
on Appropriations have examined, as well as
they have been able, during five sessions. The
committee have come to the conclusion to
recommend an appropriation in gross cover-
nig the sums set down in detail on pages 47
to 51 of the report of the Board of Public
Works. Gentlemen will find there a detailed
statement of the number of linear feet of curb-
ing, cubical feet of grading, square yards of
pavement, &c., with the rate and total cost
of each. The committee have come to the
conclusion that it is their duty to ask the
House to appropriate this sum total as the
proper share that the United States ought to
pay for the work thus done.
We do not pretend4o have laid down a rule
which ought to govern the relations of the
United States to the city ; that is too difficult a
problem to solve in the short time we have been
able to give to the subject; but we have said
that wherever the Board of Public Works has
done paving, curbing, and grading opposite
public ground of the United States, the Gov-
ernment, when it owns the property on both
sides, ought to pay the whole expense; and
wherever the United States owns on one side
and private citizens own on the other, the
Government should put itself in the place of
the city government rather than in the place
of the individual property-holder. We were
at first in doubt which of these two plans we
ought to follow—whether we should say that
the United States should stand in the place of
the private owner or in the place of the city
authorities. But if the United States should
elect to stand in the place of the private owner,
its property ought to be taxed everywhere
throughout the city as private property is
taxed ; and if we would pass a law by which
the United States should pay what would be
its relative share of tax on a full appraisement
of the property of the District, that might be
more equitable than any other method. But
the Government has not paid taxes here, nor
acknowledged its obligations to do so. If
such a tax were levied the United States would
pay more than one third of the entire cost of
the city government. The committee thought
it best, therefore, in granting this aid for the
improvement of the city, to put the United
States rather in the place of the city government
than in that of a private .individual. Under
existing laws the District government pays two
thirds of the cost of improving the streets, and
divides the remaining one third among the
property holders on the opposite sides.
Mr. W. R. ROBERT8. Does the gentleman
mean to say that the Government has not
treated this District very liberally?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have said
that hitherto the Congress of the United States
has behaved very capriciously in this matter,
sometimes giving liberally, sometimes not giv-
ing at all. There has been no regular plan, no
steady permanent policy on the part of the
Government. Sometimes Congress has been
generous, sometimes the reverse.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Did not Congress
at the last session make an appropriation for a
purpose similar to that now under considera-
tion?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Congress at
the last session made an appropriation for this
District for two purposes. One was for filling
the canal, and when that was done we took
the land thus made and reclaimed as the prop-
erty of the United States. The land thus
obtained is worth many times what it cost us to
fill the canal. The other item in last year's
appropriation was for the same kind of work
as that for which we are now proposing to
pay—and we paid for it on the basis I have
just suggested—but the pending appropriation
is for work that has been done since we last
appropriated, and for work done along and
upon the public grounds.
One word more: in order to protect the
United States in its expenditure of money,
the committee have put the appropriation in
this form :
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay
the expenditures made by the Board of Public
Works of the District of Columbia for paving road-
way and curbing and paving sidewalks, grading,
sewerage, and otherimproveraents upon and adjoin-
ing the property of the United States in the District
of Columbia, $1,241,920 92, or so much thereof as
may be necessary: Provided, That all payments
under this appropriation shall be made only upon
vouchers approved by the officer in charge of the
public buildings and grounds of the District, after
full examination and measurement of the said
improvements.
Now, if there be anything which any gen- j
tleman in this House can advise for the more
perfect protection of the Treasury, for the safe 1
and honest payment just where it belongs, and
nowhere else, of this sum, I should be glad to
put on any such safeguards and limitations.
4Here the hammer fell.]
'he CHAIRMA"N. The time for general
debate has expired : and the bill will now be
read by paragraph for amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
That the following sums, or bo much thereof as
may be necessary, be, and the same are hereby, ap-
propriated for the service of the year ending June
30, 1873, for the purposes hereinafter expressed,
namely:
| Post Office Department:
For the manufacture, engraving, and printing of
postal cards for the service of the quarter ending
June 30,1873, $50,000.
For reffistry-looks, to be used on through-mail
routes for pouches containing registered letters,
$3,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not this the first read- '
ing of the bill for information ? !
The CHAIRMAN. The first reading of the
bill was dispensed with, and the bill is now
being read by paragraph for amendment. |
The Clerk read as follows: j
Rebel ram Albemarle: j
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay the
captors of the rebel ram Albemarle in accordance [
with the decree of the district court of the United
States for the District of Columbia, $202,912 90.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] whether
there is any possibility of an amendment being
offered to this bill whereby this very large
amount can be reduced? In other words, I
wish to ask him whether this iB such a judg-
ment of a United States court that we are
compelled to make the appropriation?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. A specific sum
was awarded by the court, and I do not be-
lieve it is within our power to cut it down. If
we did cut it down it would come in again as
a deficiency, and we would finally have to
appropriate it.
The Clerk read as follows :
Patent Office:
For photo-lithographing or otherwise producing
copies of drawings of current and back issues of
patents from the Patent Office, $20,000.
Mr. HOAR. I move the following amend-
ment:
In line thirty-six, after the word "office," insert
" and for reproducing back numbers of the Patent
Gazette."
Mr. Chairman, this is a very trifling amend-
ment, which will not require any addition to
the appropriation of $20,000. Congress last
year authorized the distribution of the Patent
Office Gazette to eight public libraries in each
district. That is an exceedingly beneficial aud
popular arrangement. The Gazette had been
published six months before that authority was
given, so the copies of that Gazette for that
previous six months are not in the libraries to
which it has since been distributed. In order
1 to enable the reproduction of the Gazette for
that six months and complete the sets in the
public libraries this amendment is offered. In
anticipation of such arrangement the Commis-
sioner of Patents has preserved all the draw-
ings, heads, plates, &c., so that this will not
entail any great expense, probably not more
than $200.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not know
that I have any objection to it if it be true that
we have the plates on hand.
Mr. HOAR. The Chief Clerk informs me
they have the plates and everything else on
hand.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
District of Columbia:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay the
expenditures made by the Board of Public Work.'
of the District of Columbia for paving roadway,
and curbing and paving sidewalks, grading, sewer
age, and other improvements upon and adjoinin':
the property of the United States in the District oi
Columbia, $1,241,920 92, or so much thereof as may
be nocessary : Provided, That all payments under
this appropriation shall be made only upon vouch-
ers approved by the officer in charge of the public
buildings and grounds of the District, after full
examination and measurement of the said improve-
ments.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise to a
question of order, that there is no law author-
izing this appropriation of money, and that it
is not the continuation of any work author-
ized by Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the Clerk
to read the following provision of the law.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Sec. 37. And be it further enacted. That there shall
be in the District of Columbia a Board of Public
Works, to consist ofthe Governor, who shall be presi-
dent of said board; four persons to be appointed by
the President of the United States, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, one of whom shall
bo a civil engineer and the others citizens and resi-
dents of the District, having the qualifications of an
elector therein; one of said board shall be a citizen
and resident of Georgetown, and one of said board
shall be a citizen and resident of the county outside
of the cities of Washington and Georgetown. They
shall hold office for the term of four years unless
sooner removed by the President of the United
States. The Board of Public Works shall have entire
control of and make all regulations which they shall
deem necessary for keeping in repair the streets,
avenues, alleys, and sewers of the city and all other
works which may be intrusted to their charge by the
Legislative Assembly or Congress. They shall dis-
burse upon their warrant all moneys appropriated
by the United States or the District of Columbia or
collected from property-holders, in pursuance oflaw,
for the improvement of streets, avenues, alleys, and
sewers and roads and bridges, and shall assess, in
such manner as shall be prescribed by law,upon the
property adjoining and to be specially benefited by
the improvements authorized by law and made by
them, a reasonable proportion of the cost of the im-
provement, not exceeding one third of such cost,
which sum shall be collected as all other taxes arc
collected."
Mr. HOLMAN. That merely has reference
to the municipal corporation of the District of
Columbia, and to the powers to be exercised
by its officers in reference to the city. But it
has nothing at all to do with the appropriation
of money out of the public Treasury.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. FARNS WORTH". Do I correctly un-
derstand the Chairman to hold that the law
which has been read makes the Government
of the United States responsible for every-
thing this board may do?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If that makes us
responsible for the sum here appropriated, it
makes us responsible for any indebtedness
they may incur.
