1196
TBS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
W Hazelton, Hoar, Houghton, Killinger, Maynard,
MeKee, Merriam, Monroe, Morey, Potter, Randall,
Ellis II. Iloberts, Sargent, Sawyer, Soofield. Shanks,
Spcer, Sprague, Stevens, Storm, Taffe, and Williams
of India na—-36.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arthur, Averill,
Barber, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck, Bell.
Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Braxton, Bright, Buckley,
Buffinton, Bunnell, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Cobb, Coghlan, Con-
ger, Conner, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crocker,
Crossland, Darrall, Davis, Dawes, Dodds, Donnan.
Dox, DuBose, Duell, Duke, Eames, Eldredge. Ely,
Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Giddings, (Jolladay,
Qtiffith, Haldeman, Hamlley, Hanks, Ilarmer, Har-
per, John T. Harris, John B. Hawley, J"seP'i '}•
Hawley, Hay, Hays, John W. Hazelton, Hereford,
Herndon, Hibbard, Hooper. Kelley, Kellogg, Ken-
dall, Kerr, Ketcham, King, Lamison, Lansing, Leach,
Lewis, Lowe, Lynch, Maelntyre, Hanson, Marshall,
McClelland,McCormick.McGrew.MeHenry.McJun-
kin, McKirmey, Merrick. Moore, Morgan, Leonard
Myers. Silas L. Niblaek, William L. Nib^ck Orr,
llosca W. Parker. Isaac C.Parker. Pendleton, P ott,
Prindlo, Rainey, Read, William 11. Roberts. Robin-
son, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Roosevelt, Ses-
sions, Shellabarger, Sberwood, Shoemaker, Slater,
II..Boardman Smith, John A.Smith, Snyder, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stoughton, btowell, bt. John,
Swann, Sypher, Terry, Thomas. Dwight. Townsend,
Washington Townsend, Turner, Twichell, Tyner.
Fpson,Voorhees.Wakeman, Walden, Waldron.Wal-
lace, Warren, Wells. Wheelor, Whiteloy, John T.
Wilson. Wood, and Young—137.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Ames, Banks, Bar-
urceiy, JiiUOLt, I' iXl w«ll, JMI1 , irnuci
ter, Garrett, Getz, Goodrich, Hambleton, Hancock,
Havens, Iiiil,.Holman,.KinscIla, Lamport, MeCrary,
McSfcely. Benjamin P. Meyers, Mitchell. Morpliis,
Negley, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Peck, Perce,
P^rry, Peters, Poland-. Porter. Price, Edward Y.
Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Rusk, Seoley, Sheldon,
Shober.Slocum.Sloss, Worthingtori C. Smith, Snapp,
Sutherland, Tuthill. Van Tramp, Vaughan, Wad-
doll, WhitthQrno, WilWrd, Williams of Ifew York,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Winchester—67.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote
ordering the bill to be engrossed.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House take
a recess for twenty minutes; and on that I call
1'or the yeas and nays.
Mr. BING-HAM. Oh no. Let' us have
tellers first.
Mr. DICKEY. Very well.
Mr. FABNSWORTH. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. Will not this be the first
thing in order to-morrow morning if we ad-
joftrn now 1
The SPEAKER. It will.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DICKEY. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee ou Appropri-
ations a bill (H, R. No. 3850) making appro-
priations for the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1874f and that it be made the
special order for to-morrow morning, and from
day to day till disposed of.
There was no objection ; and the bill was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
ordered to be printed, and made the special
order for to morrow, and from day to day until
disposed of, to the exclusion of all other
orders.
Mr. DICKEY. I do that so as to prevent
intervening orders, and not that I propose to
call it up for consideration to morrow. I do
not propose to call it up for consideration
until next week.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I reserve all
points of order.
Mr. COX. Now, Mr. Speaker, I should
like to have that bill read.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. COX. I understand the engrossed Mil-
itary Academy bill is now here, and I with-
draw my call for the reading of the Ariny
appropriation bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my
motion to adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And I with-
draw the demand for the yeas and nays.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the Military Academy appropriation bill.
Mr. MOREY. Has the billbeen engrossed?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. MOREY. I do not ask for its reading.
The bill was then read the third time, and
^Mr.^MARSHALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENGROSSED BILLS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to call
the attention of the House to a matter of some
attention, although this is a rapid way in
which to amend the rules of the House. In
its rules the House has a Committee on En-
rolled Bills, but does not have a committee on
engrossed bills. The mistakes which get into
the .legislation more frequently occur, much
more frequently, indeed, in the engrossment
than in the enrollment of bills, in the incor-
poration of amendments. It is the judgment
of the Chair that very great care and very
great advantage would be insured by having a
committee ou engrossed bills.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I should
like to say that in the Indian appropriation
bill a large portion of the amendments sent to
us from the Senate were to correct mistakes
made in the engrossment of the bill. _
The SPEAKER, It is the experience of
the Chair thaJt nine out of ten of the errors
occur in the engrossment rather than in the
enrollment of bills.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The executive,
legislative, and judicial appropriation bill has
been returned from the Senate with ninety-six
amendments, and I believe I am safe in say-
ing that nearly forty of them are errors of
engrossment.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the Chair appointing a Committee on En-
grossed Bills 1
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest that be left to
the Committee on Rules, which has leave to
report at any time.
.Mr. COX. Oh, no; let it go through now.
The SPEAKER. There is a corresponding
committee in the Senate, where the necessity
for it grew up and was apparent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As a member
of the Committee on Rules, I ask unanimous
consent, to present a resolution to provide for
the appointment of a standing Committee on
the Engrossed Bills, consisting of five mem-
bers, to be appointed by the Speaker.
Mr. RANDALL. I object. Let it come
before us in writing in the regular way, so we
may all understand exactly what we are
doing.
VOLUNTEER NAVAL OFFICERS
Mr. HAYS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back the amendment of the
Senate to a bill (H. R. No. 2053) authorizing
the nomination and appointment to the retired
list of the Navy of certain volunteers on the
active list of the Navy, who are disabled in
consequence of wounds received during the
late' war, and movod that the amendment be
non-concurred in, and that a committee of
conference be asked on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses.
NORTHERN CENTRAL RAILWAY.
Mr. AVERILL, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, reported
back the bill (H. R. No. 3237) grantinga char-
ter to the Northern Central Railway Company
in Minnesota, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute; which was ordered to
be printed and recommitted to the same com-
mittee.
O T. BROWN AND J. J. S. HASSLER.
Mr. AVERILL also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 38-51) to authorize
the accounting officers of the Treasury to set-
tle the accounts of Charles T. Brown and J.
J. S. Hassler, late agents for the Chippewa
Indians in Minnesota, on the ground of equity
and justice; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
SALARIES.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am in-
structed by the Committee on the Judiciary to
submit a bill on the subject of salaries in the
executive, judicial, and legislative depart-
ments of the Government, accompanied by a
report in writing, and move that the bill and
report be printed and recommitted. I aesire
to say that the report is not drawn by myself,
but I present it by order of the committee, and
I concur in its statements.
There was no objection; and the bill (H. R.
No. 3852) to amend the salaries of the execu-
tive, judicial, and legislative departments of
the Government was received, read a first and
second time, and recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
recommitted 5 and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COWAN AND DICKINSON.
Mr. MAYNARD.' The Senate have asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (S. No. 96) for the
relief of Cowan & Dickinson, of Knoxville,
Tennessee. I move that the House agree to
the request of the Senate for a committee of
conference.
The motion was agreed to.
ELECTIONS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce, for present consideration, a bill
fixing the time for the election of Represent-
atives from the State of California to the
Forty-Fourth Congress.
The bill was read.
Mr. HANKS. I object ; and move that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at tour o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. BECK, of Kentucky: The petition
of Letitia J. Garrard, of Frankford, Kentucky,
praying for a pension.
By Mr. BURCHARD : The petitions of E.
L. Otis, D. W. Scott & Co., and Jonathan
Stewart, citizens of Illinois, against requiring
newspapers to be printed wholly in the county
to circulate free of postage.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of Grace
B. Peck, widow of Captain Elisha Peck, for
relief.
Also, the petition of John M. Knox, for an
extension of patent.
By Mr. KETCHUM: The petition of Charles
E. H. Holmes, late sergeant company E sixth
regiment Maryland volunteers, for relief.
By Mr. LAMPORT: The petition oflawyers
and members of the bar of the county of On-
tario, State of New York, in relation to fixing
salary of circuit and district judges of the
United States court in and for the State of
New York.
Also, the petition of William Popple and
others, for pension.
By Mr. MANSON: The petition of Jere-
miah Keeney, publisher of the Crawfordsville
Star, in the city of Crawfordsville, Indiana,
asking that a bill now before Congress, to
amend the postal laws, may be amended by
striking out of the second section of the bill
the words "and wholly printed and.1''
By Mr. PORTER: The'petition of George
Catlin, with accompanying testimonials, re-
questing the attention of Congress to six
hundred oil paintings, with twenty thousand
