2166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
United States and the Cherokees provides
that the money they derive from the sale of
their lands shall be invested in Government
bonds.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Iowa in a few words, to
what extent does the provision change the
existing law ?
Mr. HARLAN. I think in no particular.
It merely provides for the enforcement of
existing law.
Mr. CASSERLY. Unless the reference to
the twenty-third article of the Cherokee treaty
of July 19, I860, does it there is nothing in
this provision of the bill which'regulates the
application of the new investment at all.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It must be invested in
stocks
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Rhode
Island says that it provides for an investment
in stocks. That is perfectly plain. But what
is to be done with the proceeds of the invest-
ments?
Mr. HARLAN. The stocks will be held by
the Government, the interest collected as it
falls due and paid over to the Cherokees, just
as other annuities are paid over to them.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is no provision
of that kind in terms in this section. Where
does the Senator get it from ?
Mr. HARLAN. I think it is in the treaty.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is exactly the ques-
tion I want to be informed upon. It seems to
me that this is all in the dark; and whether
we consider the amount of money involved or
the interests of these people who are entirely
in our hands and under our disposition, it is
very objectionable to me, if I may be allowed
to say that to my colleague, to bring any such
provision as this on the deficiency bill within
the last twenty-four hours of the session. I
am very glad to be reminded by the Senator
from Rhode Island that it came here from the
House, but the committee of the Senate could
have stricken it out.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The same discussion would
have come up.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am very glad to ex-
onerate the committee, of which my colleague
is chairman, to that extent at any rate. It is
extremely objectionable in the interests of
wise and considerate legislation, either in
regard to the money of the United States or
the interests of these people who are our wards
in every sense, that we should be compelled
in the last twenty-four hours of a session like
this to pass upon a provision which leaves the
important subject of the use of the proceeds
of the investment entirely in the dark and
indefinite, so that there is no Senator here,
however well informed, that is able to tell us
with reasonable certainty what is to become of
the proceeds of the new investment proposed.
Mr. HARLAN. The closing paragraph of
this provision is as follows:
That nothing herein contained shall bo construed
as in any manner changing the provisions of section
four of the act entitled "An act making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of tho
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipu-
lations with various Indian tribes for the year ending
Juno 30, 1874, and for other purposes.
So that it is plain that it changes no provis-
ion of law whatever, but is intended merely
to carry into effect existing laws :
Mr. SCOTT. I think the question of the
Senator from California is answered bya refer-
ence to the section of the act referred to, sec-
tion twelve of the act of 1870, which provides:
" And the United States, in consideration of the
relinquishment by said Indians of their lands in
Kansas, shall pay annually interest on the amount
of money received as proceeds of salo of said lands,
at the rate of five per cent., to be expended by the
President for the benefit of said Indians, in such
manner as he may deem proper. And for this pur-
pose an accurate account shall be kept by the Secre-
tary of the Interior of the money received us pro-
ceeds of sale, and the aggregate amount received
prior to the 1st day of November of each year shall
be the amount upon which the payment of interest
shall be based. The proceeds of sale of said land
shall be carried to the credit of said Indians on the
books of the Treasury, and shall bear interest at the
rate of five per cent, per annum."
That is the provision referred to, and an-
swers the question of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. TflUIiMAN. Now, I wish to see
whether I am mistaken about this business.
If I am I shall be very happy to be corrected.
By the twelfth section of the act of July 15,
1870, it was provided:
"That whenevor the Great and Little Osage
Indians shall agree thereto, in such manner as the
President shall prescribe, it shall be the duty of the
President to remove said Indians from the State of
Kansas to lands provided or to be provided for them
for a permanent home in the Indian territory, to
consist of a tract of land in compact form equal in
quantity to one hundred and sixty acres for each
member of said tribe, or such part thereof as said
Indians may desire, to be paid for out of the pro-
ceeds of the sales of their lands in the State of
Kansas, the price per acre for such lands to be pro-
cured in the Indian territory not to exceed the
price paid or to be paid by the United States for the
same."
That is the clause under which this legisla-
tion is proposed. That is to say, the Presi-
dent was authorized in a certain contingency
to remove the Great and Little Osages from
Kansas into the.Indiah territory, and to set
apart to them land there in the ratio of one
hundred and sixty acres per capita, to be
paid for out of the proceeds of the sales of
the Osage lands in the State of Kansas, "the
price per acre for such lands to be procured
in the Indian territory not to exceed the price
paid or to be paid by the United States for the
same." Then comes the act of June5, 1872,
which simply recites:
" Whereas, by the treaty of 1866 between the
United States and the Cherokee nation of Indians,
said nation ceded to the United States all its lands
west of the ninty-sixth meridian west longitude, for
the settlement of friendly Indians thereon; and
whereas, by act of Congress approved July 15,
1870
Which is the act I have just read from—
"the President was authorized and directed to
remove the Great and Little Osage Indians to a
location in the Cherokee country west of the ninety-
sixth meridian, to be designated for them by the
United States authorities; and whereas it was pro-
vided by the same act of Congress that the lands of
the Osages in Kansas should be sold by the United
States, and so much of the proceeds thereof as were
necessary should be appropriated for the payment
to the Cherokees for the lands set apart for tho said
Osages west of the ninety-sixth meridian; and
whereas, under the provisions of the above-men-
tioned treaty and act of Congress and concurrent
action of the authorities of the United States and
the Cherokee nation, the said Osages were removed
from their former homes in the State of Kansas to a
reservation set apart for them in the Indian Terri-
tory, at the time of the removal supposed to be west
of the said ninety-sixth meridian, and bounded on
the east thereby, and upon which said Osages have
made substantial and valuable improvements; and
whereas by a recent survey and establishment of the
nixety-sixth meridian it appears that the most
valuablo portion of said Osage reservation, and upon
which all their improvements are situated, lies east
of the said meridian; and whereas it therefore be-
came necessary to select other lands in lieu of those
found to be east of the established ninety-sixth
meridian for said Osage Indians; and whereas a
tract has accordingly been selected, lying between
the western boundaryofthe reservations heretofore
set apart for said Indians and the main channel of
the Arkansas river, with the south line of the State
of Kansas for a northern boundary, and the north
lino of the Creek country and the main channel of
the Arkansas river for a southern and western
boundary ; and whereas the act of Congress ap-
proved July 15,1870, restricts the said reservation
for said Osage Indians to ' a tract of land in com-
pact form, equal in quantity to one hundred and
sixty acres for each member of said tribeand
whereas ina letter of the Cherokee delegation, ad-
dressed to the Secretary of the Interior on the 8th
day of April, 1872. on behalf of the Cherokee nation,
containing their .approval of and assent to the prop-
osition to provide for the settlement of the Osage
and Kaw Indians on that portion of tho Cherokee
country lying west_ of the ninety-sixth degreo west
longitude, south of Kansas, east and north of the
Arkansas river; Therefore,
"lie it enacted," &c.
And then the act goes on to make a reser-
vation for these Osage and Kaw Indians.
Now what does this bill provide? It pro-
vides to pay to the Cherokees $1,650,000 for
the lands granted by the Cherokee nation for
homes for the Osages, without, so far as I have j
heard, one particle of evidence that the Gov-
ernment of the United States has ever agreed
to give any such price for those lands, and
with the fact staring you in the face that you
have provided a different reservation for them
than that which was comtemplated in this first
act.
Now this money is to be paid out of the
money belonging to the Osages. The Osages
are given no word of assent or dissent to this
proposition so far as I can see.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor has spoken five minutes.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir; and that only
shows how utterly improper it is to consider
such a bill as this under a five-minutes rule.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. MePHEitsON, its Clerk, announced
that the House had disagreed, to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
1243) to restore to the pension-roll Nancy
Cloud, widow of William Cloud, a revolu-
tionary soldier, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. John T. Harris of
Virginia, Mr. Charles W. Willard of Ver-
mont, and Mr. Clinton L. Cobb of North
Carolina, managers at the same on its part.
The' message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 4057) to amend an
act entitled "An act to reduce duties on im-
ports, and to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes," approved June 6, 1872, and
for other purposes, asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Horatio C. Borchard
of Illinois, Mr. Ellis H. Roberts of New
York, and Mr. James B. Beck of Kentucky,
managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendment 'of tire
Senate to the amendment of the House to the
bill (S. No. 522) to provide for the sale of the
lands of the United States containing coal.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 3850) mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June 30, 1874.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the following bills and joint resolu-
tions:
A bill (H. R. No. 3-470) to amend an act
entitled "An act granting the right of way to
the Walla-Walla and Columbia River Railroad
Company, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, 1869;
A bill (H. R. No. 3954) to relieve William
Smith, of Fauquier county, Virginia, of his
political disabilities;
A bill (H. R. No. 1271) to amend an act
entitled "An act granting a pension to Phebe
Sofield, widow of Lewis Sofield ;"
A bill (H. R. No. 2555) granting increase
of pension to Roberts. Dumont;
A bill (H. R. No. 2767) granting a pension
to Ardella D. Warfield and Lindsley N. War-
field ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2874) to restore Absalom
Kirby as second assistant engineer in the
Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 3G22) supplemental to an
act entitled "An act granting the right of way
through the public lands for the construction
of a railroad from Salt Lake to Portland,
Oregon," approved April 12, 1872 ;
A bill (H. It. No. 3611) to remove the legal
disabilities of Shelton F. Leake, of Albemarle
county, Virginia;
A bill (H. R. No. 2138) granting a pension
to Zenas Bradley, of Allegany county, New
York;
