232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
Mr. AMBLER. If I may be allowed to
make a suggestion, I would say that the act
authorizes them, not to create any indebted-
ness, but to expend money already appropri-
ated.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Nothing else.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I only claim
that what they have done is under the author-
ity of law. The gentleman asked under what
law these people had done anything, and
under what law the appropriation could be
moved here in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FARNSWORTH rose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state
that there is no amendment pending before
the committee. The discussion therefore is
not in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. For the purpose of
making it in order, I move to strike out the
paragraph. I have no idea that the motion
will be of any avail, for I suppose this thing
is already cooked, and that my constituents,
as well as the constituents of every other gen-
tleman here, are to be taxed for the improve-
ments of the District of Columbia. I was here
when that organic act was passed. But I had
no idea at that time and never contemplated
that any Board of Public Works, or Board of
Health, or any other authority of this District,
was to be authorized by the act to incur obli-
gations which my constituents would be called
upon to pay.
I understand the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] to base the action of the
Committee on Appropriations on the facts he
has stated, among others that a very large
portion of the area of the city of Washington
consists of public streets and parks. But
those public streets and parks are for the ben-
efit of the persons living here. Another point
is that a large proportion of the inhabit-
ants of the District of Columbia are Federal
officers. But every Federal officer who comes
here, and is ah inhabitant of the District, pays
for these improvements in the enhanced rent
which he is charged. Every man who rents a
house, takes board, or purchases property in
the District of Columbia pays the additional
value that is put upon property by reason of
these improvements. Improvements made in
front of a man's dwelling make his property so
much the more valuable. Improvements made
around the public grounds in the city of
Washington, the parks and squares of which
have been set apart for the benefit of the citi-
zens of this city, make private property more
valuable. They make it very attractive about
these public parks, where Federal officers and
citizens and members of Congress purchase
their lots and erect their residences. They
are very attractive spots.
And now, for the purpose of making those
places attractive, it i3 proposed to tax the
people thousands of miles away to pay for
those improvements. The people of my State
are not taxed to make improvements at the
State seat of government. The State owns
the capitol. The State owns other public
buildings. There are squares and improve-
ments there, but they are made by the citizens
ot Springfield, and the citizens of my district
are not called on to contribute for their benefit.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Will the gentleman
allow me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have not time in
five minutes to yield to the gentleman. I ask,
then, why should the people of the State of
Illinois be called upon to contribute for im-
provements in the city of Washington to make
the place pleasant and agreeable for the citi-
zens here. I say it was never contemplated
that this should be done.
I understand that the people who own prop-
erty are taxed one third, and there is a general
impression that that one third tax levied on
the owner of the lot is generally sufficient to
make all the improvements made in front of
the lot. I do not know. The gentleman from
Ohio, the chairman of the Committee 011
Appropriations, I believe owns a lot. He can
tell the committee better about that than I can,
for I own 110 property. He can tell us whether
he is taxed for improvements in front of his
property to the value of those improvements.
That I understand is the general report as
regards the amount of tax paid by the people
who own property.
But the Board of Public Works now come
here and make their own figures, and ask us
to tax the people of the United States, not
only for what is around the Capitol here and
around the public parks, but for the improve-
ments that have been made on the public
squares and reservations, which have been un-
dertaken in order to make the city airy and
beauteous and attractive ; the reservations on
the avenues which are improved, the streets
made beautiful, the pavements and sidewalks
made easy, thus making the property sur-
rounding the places more valuable and more
attractive. And we are called upon to pay the
fiddler. We are then not only to give the city
of Washington these reservations, these beau-
tiful public grounds, these wide avenues, from
the public domain, but we are afterward to be
taxed because we do give them this property.
Very well, let us give away these reservations
as a donation and make the persons who re-
ceive them responsible for the improvements.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is one
point, only that I desire to make in response
to the gentleman from Illinois in addition to
what has already been said. The gentleman
says that these reservations are hereto beautify
the city and for the comfort and convenience
of its inhabitants. I answer him that these
reservations are no more the property of the
city than the Hall where we stand is the
property of the city. They are wholly the
property of the United States, and are held
wholly under national control. The United
States locks them up at night; it may lock
them up at noon; it may build blocks of
buildings upon them; it sometimes does; it
may sell them whenever it pleases. During
the last Congress a proposition was made to
take Judiciary square and sell half of it to
private parties, and use the proceeds of the
sale to build a State Department on the other
half. Every one of these public squares may
be sold to private parties ; they are the exclu-
sive property of the United States, and if
some individual citizens are permitted to
enjoy them for the time being, while the
United States chooses to own them, are you
going to tax exclusively the citizens of the
city for their care and preservation ? This
property is owned by all the citizens of the
United States, but not by the few citizens that
happen to live here.
As I have said, we lock them up just as we
lock up the Treasury Department, the Capi-
tol, or any other public property. It is of no
special interest to my constituents what may
be done in this city excepting as my constitu-
ents have a pride in the capital of their
nation. I believe that every good citizen will
look with gratification and pride upon the
improvements which have recently been made
in this city. I do not speak the language of
unqualified approval. Some of the work done
by the board seems to me to have been unwise.
I am inclined to think they have undertaken
too much at one time. I have heard many com-
plaints, some of them doubtless well founded,
that the board, in its eagerness to make im-
provements, has sometimes been overbearing
and possibly arrogant in its treatment of citi-
zens ; but no man, whatever he may think on
these points, can deny that the board has
greatly improved the streets and avenues of
this city; and, considering the amount and
quality of the work done and the price paid
K>r it, I think it must be acknowledged that
it has been economically and well done. I
doubt if so much work has been done for any
city in the Union at so low a pric. I
Now, Mr. Chairman, the special assessments
of which the gentleman from Illinois speaks
have in some cases been heavy; I have felt
them myself in their application to the little
lot which I occupy ; but I have no doubt those
assessments ultimately come back to property-
holders in the increased valuation of their
property. These special assessments, how-
ever, are paid by the persons owning the
property where the improvements are made ;
we are asked to appropriate nothing on that
score.
I would not, sir, for a moment think of giv-
ing away these public squares and reservations.
Who will dare to say that the nation will
not within the next fifty years, in this growing
capital, need even more than the seven hun-
dred and fifty acres which it now holds? Our
legislation should have reference to the future
that awaits us, and not merely to the present
hour. I should look with alarm upon any
proposition to sell or give away our reserva-
tions in this city.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my
amendment to enable it to be renewed by some
other gentleman who desires to take part in
the debate.
Mr. SWANN. I renew the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois. As one of the
Democratic members on the Committee on
Appropriations I desire to say a few words
on this subject. That committee has examined
very carefully this whole matter relating to
public works in the District of Columbia and
the appropriations proposed to be made there-
for. The fact seems to be lost sight of that
this is the capital of the nation, that we came
here at a very early period in the history of the
country, as far back as the time of Washington,
and made terms with the people of the District
by which a very large donation of territory was
made to the United Slates on condition thai
the capital should be established upon this site.
Now, sir, even at that early time that dona-
tion amounted in value to a considerable sum
in money; these lots, squares, and reserva-
tions which were ceded to the Government
might then have been put up and sold for
quite a large sum for city purposes merely.
And the fact is apparent uow to every one, and
I state it here in my place, without the fear
of contradiction, that if the land thus donated
to the nation for its capital should be offered
for sale to-morrow, at the ordinary rates pre-
vailing in this market, the Government would
realize more than $30,000,000 in hard mouey.
We are only asked, by this appropriation, to
do what is just and equitable to the people of
this city, in'sharing the cost of improvements
which inure directly to the nation's benefit
and to that of all the States represented upon
this floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the capital had
never been located here, what would that prop-
erty be now worth ?
Mr. SWANN. I do not consider that a fair
question at all. We are arguing this question
now as one of equity and fair dealing between
the citizens of this District and the Govern-
ment of the United States. I state the fact
that the Government has been the recipient of
property ceded to her by this District of more
than $30,000,000 in value. I have not the
figures to give in detail to the members of this
committee, but I make that statement on my
own responsibility.
Now, the question arises whether or not in
the location of the capital here it was intended
that the whole onus of the improvements
which were then and have been since projected
was to be thrown upon the people of this Dis-
trict. I think not. I say that these people
were not at the very outset, and are not now,
able to incur the very heavy onus which would
thus have been thrown upon them. It was
unreasonable to expect it. The simple ques-
tion for our consideration here is whether or
not wti are to leave the improvement of this
