1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
city of Washington to private individuals, who I
are clearly unable to meet that responsibility,
or whether we are to assist in the work of
improving this city, at least so far as relates to
the Government property, as becomes the
capital of a great nation.
When this subject came before the Commit-
tee on Appropriations I made np my mind
that within the limit of the large amount repre-
sented by the property which was cedea by
the District of Columbia to the national Gov-
ernment I would sanction such appropria-
tion as might be necessary to embellish this
capital in such a manner as would give charac-
ter and dignity to the capital of the United
States.
The Government of the United States is
largely the gainer by the donations which
have been made to her by this District. If
the capital had been located in any other sec-
tion ot the country she would have been com-
pelled to incur the same expense ; she would
liave been compelled *o have projected and car-
ried out nearly all the improvements which
have beeu found Necessary in this District.
What the city of Washington asks now is
that the Government of the United States shall
be put upon something like the same footing
with private individuals, who have already
largely contributed toward the embellishment
of this capital. I am partially a property-
holder here. I have heard a great deal of the
manner in which the citizens of this District
have been taxed and outraged by the Board
of Public Works. Now, without going into
this subject in detail, I state as a fact derived
from a careful examination of the whole sub-
ject, that wherever these improvements have
been made they have been in the main an
actual benefit to the property affected by them
to an extent that can hardly be estimated
fairly except by those who have gone into a
careful examination of the subject. I will
state that in my own case, having a temporary
residence here, notwithstanding all the clamor
that has been made about the improvements
projected by the Board of Public Works, the
whole tax imposed upon a lot of twenty-five
feet front, in one of the most prosperous por-
tions of the city, has not exceeded $170, and
has been more than returned by the increased
value of the property.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. When I first came here
the capital of the United States was a very
different affair from what it is now. There
were many persons in this city and out of it
of enlarged patriotism who were desirous of
seeing this city made worthy the great nation
of which it is the capital, and to have improved
streets, which were then ungraded, unpaved,
unlighted, dark, disagreeable, and in every way
unworthy the streets of the capital of any
nation. Propositions were brought forward in
this House from time to time, but they were con-
stantly met with the objection that the property-
owners would do nothing for its improvement.
It will be time enough for the Government to
do something when those who own the prop-
erty set to work themselves to improve their
own streets. Thus it was assumed to be the
business of the property-owners of the city of
Washington to improve this city and make it
worthy of the nation of which it is the capital.
Hence very little was done toward im-
proving the city. Frequently we had earnest
debates whether there should be an appropri-
ation for lighting Pennsylvania avenue and
the Mall at night. As for lighting the streets,
at that time it was not thought of. ' The first
winter I was here we had occasion to take
action in this House looking to the personal
protection of the citizen as he walked through
the streets at night, so many personal assaults
were made, and in some instances the lives of
citizens taken. j
Now we meet the question in a new shape.
The property-holders have taken hold of this
matter with great energy, great enterprise, and
great success. They have improved the city
in a manner to gratify, I am sure, every one
who delights in seeing this capital what it
should be; and the question now is whether
we shall bear that portion of the expense
which accrues directly and immediately to the
property that in the narrowest and most tech-
nical sense is owned by the nation ; not rising
to the high position that this scheme of im-
provements is for the benefit of the nation at
large quite as much as for the benefit of the
boarding-house keepers, the saloon keepers,
the livery-stable keepers, and others who
-carry on business here for the convenience of
those who make it their home.
Something has been said here about the
ownership of property. I am sorry to say
that I own no property in this city, and very
little anywhere. I mean I own none here in
the sense of having a title personal to myself.
There is a larger sense in which, as a citizen
of this country, I claim to be a part owner of
all the property here. When my constituents
visit this capital, as they sometimes do, it is
with no small pleasure that I go round with
them, showing them the improvements which
have been made and observing the increased
pride which they feel in the nation in conse-
quence of these improvements. And I have
yet to learn the first instance of any citizen,
however humble or however high his position
at home, who has expressed any unwillingness
to pay his portion of any outlay necessary for
the making of these improvements. I venture
to say that if we could poll the voters and the
property owners of the United States, instead
of limiting, themselves to the appropriation
here proposed, they would say that we should
continue to make appropriations out of the
resources of the country until we shall make
Washington, the capital of the country, what
it ought to be in the estimation of generous
and noble minds—what they would wish to see
it when they have occasion to come here.
I trust that these narrow ideas, this spirit
of small economy, that saves at the spiggot
while gallons are escaping elsewhere, will be
abandoned, and that we shall deal with the
capital of the nation in a larger, more gener-
ous, and more truly economical spirit than we
have done hitherto.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
committee now rise and report the bill to the
House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is an amend-
ment pending; is there not?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I thought it
had been withdrawn. Let us have the ques-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] is recognized.
Mr. WOOD. I do not desire to detain the
Committee of the Whole if the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations wishes to
rise.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Go on.
Mr. WOOD. I wish to say but a very few
words. If this were a proposition to make a
general appropriation for the District of Co-
lumbia, I should regard it as a question calling
for serious discussion. But being simply a
question whether we shall appropriate money
to pay the cost of improvements immediately
opposite to Government property, it strikes
me as a very different question from what
many gentlemen conceive it to be. It is a
well-established rule in every city of the
Union that the property improved shall pay
the expense of the improvement. Upon that
principle, when we took the Central park in
New York and improved it, the contiguous
property was assessed for a portion of that
improvement, while a portion of the cost fell
upon the city at large. I own property in the
District of Columbia, which is assessed for
the improvements opposite to it and in its
vicinity: and I can see no reason why Gov-
ernment property should not be assessed in
the same manner. This is simply a proposi-
tion to appropriate money to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior to reimburse the authorities of the
District for what they have already expended
in the improvement of Government property.
Therefore, I shall certainly vote in favor of
the appropriation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, rose.
Mr. BURCHARD. 1 desire to move an
amendment on which I propose to say a few
words.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. After the gen-
tleman's remarks I shall move that the com-
mittee rise and close debate.
Mr. MORGAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to have a vote on the bill to-night?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes, sir; I de-
sire to have the matter disposed of this even-
ing.
Mr. MORGAN. I have an amendment I
desire to offer. I shall vote for the bill if we
have a fair opportunity to amend it.
Mr. BURCHARD. I move to strike out
" $1,241,920 92," and in lieu thereof to insert
"$800,000;" and I do it, Mr. Chairman, for
the purpose of calling attention to the amount
of this appropriation and the principle upon
which I understand the proportionate cost for
improvements to be assessed to the Govern-
ment is ascertained. If the estimate were
made upon the principle applied in the case
of paving Pennsylvania avenue, I would see no
objection ; that was that the Government should
pay one half of the cost for the paving or im-
proving opposite its property. In that case it
was to pay for the improvement up to the prop-
erty used by the Washington and Georgetown
railroad. The paving at the intersection of
streets by the act passed July 8, 1870, was to
be paid for by the city. Now, as I understand
this report of the Board of Public Works, the
cost of the improvements at the intersection
of the streets, at least of some of them in this
report, is charged to the United States. There
are several of those items.
I understand the chairman of the committee
who reported this bill to say that five sixths of
the cost opposite to public reservations are
charged to the United States. It seems tome
if an exact estimate were made one half of
the cost of the improvements opposite to Gov-
ernment property would not exceed seven hun
dred and fifty or eight hundred thousand dol-
lars. It is fair and right that the Government
of the United States should pay for improve-
ment opposite its own property, and is con-
sistent with the law passed by Congress and
the rule there recognized as the measure of
governmental liability.
The committee will recollect there was a
long discussion before the House on the pas-
sage of the bill originally reported by the Dis-
trict Committee, and that principle was finally
adopted of assessing upon Government property
one half of the cost of the improvement abutting
thereon as one the Government ought to ac-
knowledge. And it will be recollected, after
the passage of that act authorizing the pave-
ment of Pennsylvania avenue, the act creating
a District government and creating a Board
of Public Works was passed, which in no way
interfered with or repealed the principle laid
down in the bill authorizing the paving of
Pennsylvania avenue. Now, I do not under-
stand from the chairman of the committee that
the estimate and appropriation embraced in
this bill has been ascertained by assessing to
the Government the one half of the cost of
improvements opposite public property.
The chairman of the Appropriation Com-
mittee admits that the Government is charged
with five sixths of the cost. Here in the sec-
ond item is " for Pennsylvania avenue, at the
intersection of First, Second, and Third streets,
$27,000." The fifth item is " for intersection
of Pennsylvania avenue ai E street east and
