1198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
ine whether he was the real inventor of his
patents, and the amount of just compensation
due him, lasted for seven years. By a joint
resolution approved June 3,1864, it was recited
by way of preamble that—
"William Wheeler Hubbell claims compensation
for the use of his patent lor the thunderbolt shell
and fuse, which he claims were patented by him
and have been used by the Government under a
verbal contract, as be alleges, between him and the
late George Bomford, colonel of ordnance of the
United States, and for the use of his patent percus-
sion apparatus for exploding shells, and said letters
patent are dated January 22,1856, reissued January
19, 1858, for fourteen years for the shell; January
7, 1862. for seventeen years for the fuse; and Jan-
uary 24,1860, for fourteen years for the percussion
device; nnd whereas, the testimony in support of
said claim, submitted with said patents, and espe-
cially with regard to the validity of the same and
the verbal contract aforesaid, i3 very voluminous
and the shells and fuses in the service, which saAl
Hubbell claims are made and used in great num-
bers by the Government, and thi3 committee feel
that they have neither the time nor the means for
procuring witnesses and giving the case the careful
legal investigation which its importance demands."
The resolution of the House provided that
the claim of William Wheeler Hubbell should
be referred to the Court of Claims to investi-
gate and determine—
"1. Is William Wheeler Hubbell the original
inventor of the shell and fuse aforesaid, and has he
a legal right to compensation for the same; and
"2. What amount of compensation is he entitled
to receive for the use of his patents, as claimed, up
to the time of adjudication, and for a full and entire
transfer of his patents to the UnitecTStates."
After a long and protracted trial the court
answered these inquiries, and I quote from
their opinion:
"1. That Hubbell is not the first and original in-
ventor of the fiat-based reenlorced shell, as claimed
by him in his patent, dated January 22,1866, and re-
issued January 19,1858. Nor will said device and
Invention accomplish the objects and purposes des-
ignated in said pa tents. And the use of the shell in
question by the United States was no injury to the
claimant, or any infringement of his patents.
'*2. W«lurther find that Hubbell was thefirstand
original inventor of the time and impact fuse, as
claimed by him in his patent of January 7, 1862.
And that such fuse has been largely and extensively
used by the United States, in violation of his rights
as patentee. And that he is justly and equitably
entitled to compensation therefor, under the joint
resolution ot Congress before recited.
"3. Wc further find that Hubbell, the claimant, is
the first and original inventor of the percussion
fuse, as claimed in his patent of January 24,1860.
It is proved that theseluses have been used in great
numbers by the United States in derogation of claim-
ant a rights secured by his patents."
la another portion of the opinion of the
court it is stated—
. " That these inventions have been and are of great
importance to the Government is apparent. Several
millions of these fuses were used during the war of
the rebellion."
I beg now to read the portion of the opinion
which bears upon that question. It ia to be
found upon page 24 of the pamphlet copy of
the opinion of the court. After alluding to
the grade of proof that the question admitted
of, inasmuch as the invention was one which
could only be used by the Government, the
court observes:
"The only remaining question is the amount of
that compensation. Were this an action for in-
fringement, or a bill to restiain its use with an
account ot profits, the rule and measure of damages
are well settled.
"The actual loss sustained by the patentee is to be
measured by the actual profits or benefits received
by the infringer. And where this cannot be ascer-
tained with exact and absolute certainty, it is, as in
other cases, to be arrived at as nearly and approx-
imately as the nature of the case will permit."
The court say farther:
rlaimpd '''fw'V0" fi?br?e?,S i_the. t!ll'ee Patents as
fim ? a   ? s'le" having failed, we are
amount for the other two
inventions. Or, in other words, we have no power
to award any sum beyond the two thirds of one
hundred thousand dollars. The actual value of a
reasonable royalty on the fuses used by the United
fetates since the date of the claimant's patents
would, according to the opinion of professional and
expert witnesses, measured by the usual rule be
much greater. Estimated upon that basis and upon
the proofs, the actual loss to the claimant and the
real gam to the defendants would be little, if at ail
short of two hundred thousand dollars. JButweave
precluded from using this measure of damage for
any other purpose than to ascertain the extent of
his just and equitable right to compensation, within
the rule and amount presciibed for us by Congress."
Here, then, is a judicial fiuding determin-
ing that the claimant, if permitted to recover
what is justly, equitably due him, is entitled
to $200,000. It is difficult for a legislative
body to determine a question of feet depend-
ing on the credibility of witnesses- but that dif-
ficulty is removed when they are able to resort
to a judicial determination of the question.
This question has been decided by a court
of competent jurisdiction, which proceeded to
examine it deliberately and carefully, assisted
by the ablest forensic talent of the country. I
feel the utmost confidence in relying on the
judgment at which they arrived. The claim-
ant has received only $66,666 66 of the
amount they found due him, and this bill pro-
poses to pay him the remainder. What are
the objections to allowing him the residue of
the sum which the court found to be justly and
equitably due to him ?
It has been suggested that there was in that
joint resolution a limitation to $100,000;
that the Court of Claims was restricted to that
sum in determining the amount of a just com-
pensation. There was such a limitation ; but
it is in another portion of the resolution, and
only restricted the court as to the amount
which it was at liberty to pay of the sum
which it found to be justly and equitably due.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask the gentleman whether he understands
that the rule of damages adopted by the Court
of Claims in this case was the amount of
benefit which the United States derived from
the use of these shells, and not the worth of
the Datent, to the patentee ?
Mr. SUTHERLAND. The court, in de-
livering the opinion, recognized and stated this
rule:
" That the actual loss sustained by the patentee
is to be measured by the actual profits or benefits
received by the invention."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The
benefit received by the United States?
Mr. SUTHERLAND. What I have just read
is a quotation from the opinion of the court.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow
me to make a suggestion which I would be
glad to have the gentleman consider in his
argument. I cannot concede the correctness
of that rule at all, because I do not know but
that the use of these patent shells saved the
country in the war ; and I cannot agree to give
this patentee as compensation the whole
United States. Let me put to the gentleman
a correlative case. Suppose that I have in
my house a patent safe in which I put valu-
ables to the amount of millions of dollars.
Suppose that safe is the only one saved in a
great conflagration. Now, can I be obliged to
pay that patentee according to the value of the
property saved by the use of his invention?
Does the gentleman think such a rule is a
sound one?
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I suppose the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, as a lawyer, must
know in such a case the remote benefits are
not taken into consideration, but only those
which are immediate and direct.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. But in
the case supposed I, by the use of the inven-
tion, save iny property. That is an immediate
benefit.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. If a person holds a
note for $100 upon which there is a failure to
pay, it may be that by the delay in receiving
the money the party to whom it is due loses
the opportunity to make some investment by
which he might realize four times t-he amount
of the note ; in such a case the damage is as
direct as would be the benefit in the case sup-
posed by the gentleman.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That may
be ; and it illustrates the objection to the rule.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. But in such cases
the party is never permitted to recover more
than the amount of the note, with reasonable
costs, &c.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I agree
that that is the rule.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I am not here to
criticise the rule of law ; but I think it will be
generally conceded that such is the rule. But
the court observes in respect to this claim that
" where this cannot be ascertained with exact
certainty, it is, as in other cases, to be arrived
at as nearly and effectually as the nature of the
case will permit." In this case the amount
was ascertained from the best testimony that
could be obtained. The court having thus
ascertained the amount due, I think it ought
to be conceded that the judgment of the court
is better than any judgment that any committee
of Congress could form upon the subject.
It may be observed also that in the pre-
amble to this resolution the committee ab-
stained from any decision of the question,
because they had not time to investigate the
facts. This resolution was passed by Con-
gress in ignorance of the merits of the claim.
The case was turned over to the Court of
Claims because that court would have more
leisure and facilities for a thorough examin-
ation of the ease than was possible before a
committee of Congress. Therefore any limita-
tion which that resolution may have imposed
in respect to the amount was a restriction im-
posed by Congress while in entire ignorance
of the merits of the claim. It having now been
ascertained what the party is equitably and
justly entitled to receive, it certainly would
be unworthy of the United States to insist
upon such a restriction in order to avoid the
payment of a just and equitable obligation.
Mr. COGHLAN. I yield to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] for five minutes.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, yesterday when
I had no opportunity to read the report, or
the act of Congress under which this claim
was referred to the Court of Claims, or the
judgment of that court, I opposed on very
general grounds the enactment of this bill.
Since then I have with some care examined
these several matters, and I am still persuaded
the claim ought not to pass. I have had a
brief interview with the ciaimant himself, and
by his request I have read another paper per-
taiuiug to his claim. I want to say after all
this I am very clear in my conviction this bill
ought not to pass ; and I base my objection
now on the law of Congress which was indi-
cated and to which the gentleman who last
addressed the House referred, and under which
the Court of Claims acted.
I wish again to read to the House the con-
cluding part of that law, because it is on this, in
my judgment, the action of the House ought to
turn. It is this, " provided that the sum hereby
authorized to be paid shall not exceed §100.000,
which sum "—whatever it may be, $100,000
or less—"which sum the claimant agrees to
receive in full of all claims whatever by virtue
of said patents and contract against the Gov-
ernment, and the payment of said claimant
shall vest the full and absolute title to said
patents in the United States." This action
of the Court of Claims was had. They re-
duced the award to the claimant, Mr. Hub-
bell, to less than $100,000, to wit, $66,666 66f ;
and by the very express terms of this law, Mr.
Hubbell bound himself to accept, whatever
that award should be as a final, full, and com-
plete payment for all his title either m Ins con
tract with the Government or in the patents
themselves. After the award of that court was
made. Mr. Hubbell did, in fact, receive that
money.
He did not, however, as I suggested yester-
day, execute a formal article of assignment to
the Government of the United States of his
title in these patents, because the law did not
so require him to do. The law by its express
terms provided that the acceptance of pay-
ment by the claimant should vest in Wal
effect his title in the United States, and his
acceptance of that money made tins complete
under the law. After that acceptance, no
titled remained in him.
Now he comes here and asks us to give him
