234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
west, $29,000;'' and so 011 through the report
of the Board of Public Works. L'he greater
part, certainly more than one half, aeetns to
be for intersection of the streets and where
tlie Government owns only on 011a side of
the street.
[Here the hammer fell.]
5fr. NI BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I am one
of those who, with much hesitation, voted to
inaugurate in the first instance this District
government. I felt the time had arrived when
the affairs of this District had assumed an
importance which made it impracticable for
the Congress of the United States to give
proper attention in the matter of local legisla-
tion. When the new government was organ-
ized under the organic law which Congress
provided for it, I was deeply disappointed at
the manner in which that organization was
made, and I submitted Home remarks in the
House soon afterward, expressing my views
very freely on that question. I have never
had occasion to retract anything I said in the
way of criticism of the manner in which that
new government was organized and launched
on the people of this District; and when the
system of improvements was first commenced
here under this Board of Public Works, I had
a very general impression tbey were transcend-
ing their duties. In the first place they had
inaugurated a system too gigantic entirely in
its extent, and had displayed recklessness in
the expenditure of money placed at their dis-
posal by the territorial Legislature of the Dis-
trict. And for one, during the whole of last ses-
sion of Congress I felt ill at ease about many of
the improvements which I saw going forward
around me in the District, and my sympathies,
so far as I had any, were with the citizens of
this District who were attempting to enjoin the
action of this Board of Public Works in their
efforts to carryforward the system of improve-
ments commenced by them.
I came back to the city of Washington this
winter to attend the present session of Con-
gress in no very amiable mood in regard to
much that had been done during the recess of
Congress; and I went so far, I believe, as to
avow my purpose to go after these gentlemen,
some of them at least, if I found any oppor-
tunity to do so, believingthey had greatly trans-
cended the duties imposed upon them, and
that they had been reckless in the system they
had inaugurated, having made streets, for in-
stance, which are not yet sufficiently settled,
which have not sufficient population to justify
the improvements undertaken. But as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Appropriations I was
called upon to investigate this question to some
extent, and in the first place to hearthe state-
ment of these gentlemen in regard to the sys-
tem they had adopted for the improvement of
the District. Well, I confess, when I came to
hear their statements, there were more evi-
dences of some system and order in this thing
than I had been aware of, and to some extent
they put a different appearance on what had
seemed open to objection.
I still adhere, however, to the position I
took at the outset, and that is, that the system
is too comprehensive for the time they allowed
themselves in which to make these improve-
ments ; that, while these improvements are
all well enough, there was no immediate exi-
gency for some which have been made. As to
the character of the improvements, I do not
intend to go into that question, because I have
had no opportunity of investigating it further
than to say that the opinion of gentlemen who
ought to be informed on those questions is
more favorable to the permanent nature of
these improvements than I had at first antici-
pated. And I have come, sir, after much re-
flection, to this conclusion in regard to the
matter, that, whether these improvements are
for the best or not, whether the system is wisely
conceived or not, whether it has been car-
ried forward in the best possible manner or
not, yet Congress has stood by for a whole
year and seen this work going on, the property
; of the Government improved along with the
property of individuals, and has entered no
protest against it, but has implicitly permitted
it to be done ; and that therefore 
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. NIBLACK. Certainly.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. What authority could
the Congress have exercised to stop these
works ?
Mr. NIBLACK. Congress could have passed
an act suspending these works and legislating
these men out of office. It could have stopped •
the whole thing if it had seen proper to inter-
fere. We conferred upon the Board of Public
Works very large powers under the organic
law of the District. We turned them loose,
so to speak, with plenary powers in regard to
the property of the people of the District, as
well as the property of the"Government itself;
and I find on further investigation of the ques-
tion that the law is a little different from what
I had anticipated. I find that these streets
and parks and reservations do not belong to
the city of Washington, as I had supposed,
but that under a decision of the Supreme
Court, pronounced by Judge Story some
forty or fifty years ago—I cannot just now give
the precise year—these reservations and all
the public property belong absolutely to the
Government of the United States, and that
it was competent for the Government of the
United States to sell these reservations, con-
vert them into private lots, and do as they
i please with them.
I have come, therefore, to this conclusion,
placing it simply on the ground stated by my
friend from New York, [Mr. Wood,] that as
we are called upon simply to appropriate what
seems our proportion for the improvement of
the property of the United States in the Dis-
trict, which we have allowed to go on under
our own eyes, making no protest about it;
that, treating the Government therefore as a
property-holder, we ought to appropriate this
amount of money without going into criticisms
on matters of detail.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Fakns-
worth] makes the point that we are required
to take this at the measurement of the Board
of Public Works ; but if gentlemen will exam-
ine the language of the bill they will see that
it requires a remeasurement by the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings and Grounds, and
that he must certify to the correctness of all
vouchers on which the payment is to be made.
I therefore yield very willingly my opposition
to the extent of the sum of money here appro-
priated. But, as a fair-minded man—as I
always try to be in my action here—I must
say that all the serious objections which once,
existed in my mind have been so far removed
that I could not offer justly any further oppo-
sition to this appropriation, and therefore, if
called upon to vote at all in regard to this
particular item, I shall feel compelled to vote
for it.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, obtained the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order upon the pending amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And I object
to any further withdrawal of the amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
80 the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that th« Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
3131) making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service
ot the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
enrolled bill siqned.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and fouud truly en-
rolled a bill of the following title, when the
Speaker signed the same :
A bill (II. Ii. No. 3123) to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to transport in a Gov-
ernment vessel, free of duty, a monument de-
signed by Admiral Porter to be erected in the
grounds of the Naval Academy at Annapolis
in memory of the officers, seamen, and ma-
rines of the Navy who fell in defense of the
Union.
deficiency appropriation hill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the rules bfe so suspended that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
deficiency appropriation bill now pending
therein, and that the same be passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
(at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Hon. William T. Davis, Isaac Brewster, and 220
others, citizens of Plymouth, Massachusetts,
asking an appropriation for the removal of
mud flats and shoals that now obstruct the
navigation of the harbor of Plymouth.
By Mr. CHIPMAN : The memorial of the
; Columbia Turnpike Company.
i By Mr. COX: The memorial of F. A. P.
Barnard, president of the American Institute
of New York city, and of the trustees, board
of managers, committee on finance, and other
committees, andttlso members of the institute,
for an appropriation to enable inventors, me-
chanics, manufacturers, agriculturists, and
producers generally ofthe United States to enter
! the exposition at Vienna in 1873 on terras of
equal advantage with those of other nations.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio: The petition of
Jonathan Witter, for arrearages of pension.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio : The petition
of Martin Douglas and Robert Martin Doug-
las, of Rockingham county, North Carolina,
for compensation for their private cotton and
other property taken and used by a portion of
the Army ofthe United States.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia: The petition
of John R. Hathaway, of Norfolk, Virginia,
praying compensation for use of his printing
office and damage thereto by United States
authorities during the war.
By Mr. HIBBARD: The petition of Daniel
Marcy and 74 others, for the construction of
a breakwater from Gerrish's Island to Wood
Island, in the harbor of Portsmouth, New
Hampshire.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
memorial of the Massachusetts Charitable
Mechanics' Association, in aid of an appropri-
ation by Congress for the encouragement of
exhibition of American inventions and manu-
factures at the ensuing exposition of Vienna.
By Mr. KENDALL : A memorial of brew-
ers and manufacturers of malt liquors of the
State of Nevada.
By Mr. KETCHAM: Two petitions of
merchants of Poughkeepsie, New York, for
the removal of taxes on State and national
banking institutions.
_By Mr. LAMPORT: The petition of Jere-
miah Wright, for back pension.
By Mr. LANSING : The petition of H. H.
Bovey, to be placed on the invalid pension
list.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The memorial of
