1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2159
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It has been
amended, so that it must go before a commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. That amendment does
not open the whole clause. I should like to
have this amendment adopted. If it be
adopted, then it will go to a committee of con-
ference, and if there is any difficulty they can
arrange the language.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question again.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, there is
another reason for some caution in adopting
the present amendment, which I discover by
reference to the twenty-third article of the
Cherokee treaty. It is referred to here as
regulating the subject of the investment. Un-
der that article, not only is the interest accru-
ing upon the investment of the money paid
over to the Cherokee nation in specified pro-
portions for as many different purposes, but
upon the requisition of the authorities of the
Cherokee nation the Secretary of the Interior,
■with the approval of the President, is author-
ized to break in upon their principal to the
amount of $150,000 at a time. That being
so, it seems to me that we require unusual
caution in dealing with this amendment at
this moment. While I acquit the committee
of the Senate of any shadow of blame in ref-
erence to the criticism which I made a while
ago, I still think it would have been better had
the committee rejected this proposition, so
that the bill would stand in the Senate, so far
as the committee could do so, divested of the
feature which placed an undue responsibility
upon everybody here who desires to vote in-
telligently ; and lam sure everybody here de-
sires to to vote. The whole of this Indian
subject is so difficult and so little known to
the most of us that I think it lies upon any
committee or any Senator who asks us to deal
with so much property belonging to the
Indians to make the provisions of law pre-
sented to us for consideration so plain and so
clear that there can be neither difficulty nor
doubt about it. Certainly the provision we
are now discussing is not free from difficulty
or from doubt. On the contrary it suggests
difficulty and doubt the more we study it.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Iowa,
in answer to the objection of my colleague to
investing this money in five per cents, says
we are not bound to do that by the treaty of
1866 with the Cherokees. I submit to that
Senator that he is in error.
Mr. OOLE. I must insist upon the rule.
The Senator has spoken five minutes.
Mr. THURMAN. This is a new amend-
ment.
Mr. COLE. I think it is the same amend-
ment. I really do not like to interfere with
my friend, but I feel compelled to do so.
Mr. THURMAN. No, sir; it is another
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thepresent
occupant has been in the chair but a short time,
Mr. THURMAN. I know perfectly well
■what I am about.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is a ques-
tion between the two Senators. The Senator
from Ohio has the floor, and will retain it.
Mr. THURMAN. I spoke on another
amendment five minutes and more, but this is.
a new amendment.
The Senator from Iowa says we are bound
to invest this money in the stocks ot the
United States. I submit to him that he is in
error. The article of the treaty to which lie
now refers is the twenty-third article of the
treaty of 1806, which provides that
"All funds now duo the nation "—
that is, the Cherokee nation—
"or that may hereafter accruc from tho salu of their
landi by the United States, as hereinbeforo pro-
vided for, shall be invested in United States regis-
tered stocks at tiieir eurrentvaluo."
That is, all funds now due the Cherokee na-
tion by the United States, and all funds that
may accrue from the sale of their lands by
the United States, as hereinbefore provided,
are to be invested in stocks.
Mr. HARLAN. What lands are referred to ?
Mr. THURMAN. That is exactly what I
am going to show. Evidently this fund that
we are now speaking of is not a fund that was
then due to the Cherokee nation. Nobody
pretends that. Then was it a fund which
accrued from the sale of their lands by the
United States as hereinbefore provided for?
No, sir; the lands referred to in that clause
are thus spoken of in article seventeen of the
treaty, to wit:
"Tho Cherokee nation hereby cedes, in trust to the
United States, the tract of land in the State of Kan-
sas which was sold to the Cherokees by the United
States, under the provisions of the second article of
the treaty of 1835; and also that strip of land ceded to
the nation by the fourth article of said treaty which
is includod in the State of Kansas, and the Chero-
kees consent that said lands may be included in the
limits and jurisdiction of the said State."
And then goes on to provide that they shall
be surveyed and sold by the United States as
public lands of the United States. Those are
the lands that are referred to, and not at all
these lands in the Indian territory which are
to be occupied by the Osages, and those are
not to be sold by the' United States at all.
On the contrary, they are provided for in the
fifteenth article of the treaty, and are to be
sold by the Cherokees themselves to the tribe
settling in that Indian territory, and at such
price as the two Indian nations may agree
upon. That is the concluding paragraph of
article fifteen, in these words:
"And should any such tribe, thus settling in said
country, decide to preserve their tribal organiza-
tions, and to maintain their tribal laws, customs,
and usages, not inconsistent with tho constitution
and laws of the Cherokee nation, they shall have a
district of country set off for their use by metes and
bounds equal to one hundredand sixty acres, if they
should so decide, for each man, woman, and child
of said tribe, and shall pay for the same into tho
national fund such price as may be agreed on by
them and tho Cherokee nation"—
that is, as may be agreed on between the
two Indian nations—
"subject to the approval of the President of the
United States, and in ease of disagreement the prioe
to be fixed by the President."
The amount that is to be paid to these
Cherokees is a price to be fixed by the Osages
and Cherokees, and if they cannot agree, then
it is to be fixed by the President. Now, I
desire to see the evidence that they have
agreed upon that price, or that failing to agree
upon it, the President has fixed it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
ask the Senator a question? We desire to
transfer so much money from the Osage fund
as will enable us to pay for lands taken from the
Cherokees. The only question now is, when
we have taken that money from the Osage
fund, what shall we do with it? The Indians
say, we want you to invest it in bonds drawing
five per cent.
Mr. THURMAN. When did the Indians
say it, and bow ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Before the
committee. The Indians are here, and were
before the committee, and although they do
not know everything, they know enough to
know that if money is in the Treasury of the
United States and is not invested bearing in-
terest, no interest will follow. Now, the ques-
tion is as to the disposition of the money of
the Osages to be paid to the Cherokees. The
Senator from Ohio, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, [Mr. Sherman,] says, let
it be transferred from the five per cent. Osage
fund to the credit of the Cherokees on the
books of the Department. What will be the
result of that ? They will ha,ve so much credit
in the Treasury but not drawing any interest.
The Cherokees come in and say let it be in-
vested in five per cent, bonds. _ If that is
stricken out, I suggest whether it is not fair to
say that when the transfer is made on the
books of the Treasury to the account of the
Cherokees it shall bear interest at five per
eent. On the supposition that the proposition
of the Senator from Ohio nearest me [Mr.
Sherman] may prevail, I move to amend in
line five hundred and fifty-seven by inserting
after the word "Indians" the words "and
the same shall bear a rate of five per eent. in-
terest," the effect of which will be, if you
transfer this amount from a five per cent, fund,
that it shall bear the same interest when it is
credited to the Cherokees.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now I have
no objection to the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio to strike out the clause to which he
has referred.
Mr. HARLAN. Nor have I.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I will
move, for the Senator from Ohio, to strike out
after the word "Interior," inline five hundred
and fifty-six, down to and including the word
"six," in line five hundred and sixty. I should
like to have the clause reported.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed
to be stricken out, as follows :
And the Secretary of the Interior is hereby au-
thorized to draw from the Treasury, by requisition
in due form, the amount so transferred, and in-
vest the same in United States registered stocks, in
accordance with the provisions of the twonty-tliird
article of the Cherokee treaty of July 19,1866.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to strike out this clause.
Mr. THURMAN. Then the amendment
just spoken of by my colleague, to strike out
four or five lines, is adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is the same
amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. Then there remains a
motion back of that to strike out the whole
clause.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is in con-
formity with his suggestion.
Mr. THURMAN. I understand that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The question
has not yet been taken on striking out these
lines.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands this to be a similar proposition to
that of the Senator from Ohio:
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is identical.
Having made the amendment I have just
above, I am willing that this clause should go
out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. Now the question is on
the motion submitted by my colleague to strike
out from line five hundred and thirty-nine to
line five hundred and sixty-seven, both inclu-
sive ; that is, to strike out this whole provision.
Mr. COLE. I hope that may not be done.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope it may.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] to strike out the whole
clause, from line five hundred and thirty-nine
to line five hundred and sixty-seven, inclusive,
relating to the Osage Indian lands.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. The statement of the Sen-
ator from Maine, in my opinion, puts an en-
tirely now phase on this matter, and I^im just
advised by a gentleman, who I think under-
stands Indian affairs as well as anybody in
Congress, that this appropriation is necessary
to carry out an existing arrangement. The
Indians gave up their old homes, and the land
has been sold and the money put into the
Treasury. They gave up their old homes upon
the condition that they should buy new ones.
They have bought new homes, and this money
is to pay for their new homes. They gave up
their old homes, and they have left them.
They have gone to their new homes, but they
have not paid for them, and this is simply to
