1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
Eii/.a Jones, of Oldtown, Claiborne county,
Tennessee, setting forth the immense frauds
practiced upon the Government in the drawing
of pensions, nnd suggesting remedies whereby
millions of dollars might be saved to the Gov-
ernment.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of
Findiey Patterson, of Washington county,
Pennsylvania, praying compensation, &c., for
the erection of the capitol buildings at
Lccompton, Kansas.
Bv Mr. McJUNKIN: The petition of Mary
Sproul, dependent mother of George Sproul,
late a private in company F, sixty-first regi-
ment Pennsylvania Tolunteers, for arrears of
pension.
Also, the petition of Aaron B. Hughy, late
a musician in company E, one hundred and 1
third regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, for I
pension.
Also, the petition of citizens of the counties
of Armstrong and Bntler, in the State of Penn-
sylvania, for the establishment by law of a
daily mail or post route from Brady's Bend, in
Armstrong county, via Kearns City and Pe-
trolia, to Fairview, in Butler county.
Also, the petition of Martha Gallaher,
widow of William A. Gallaher, late a private
in company G, one hundred and thirty-fourth
regiment of Pennsylvania volunteers.
Also, the memorial of Mrs. Amanda L.
Mallowny, a granddaughter and heir-at-law
of John F. Mallowny, deceased, for redress for
injuries inflicted upon the commerce of the
United States by public and private bound
vessels of France between the years 1793 and
1801.
By Mr. McKEE: The petition of Mrs. C.
A. Buck, of Mississippi, for a pension.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of Samuel
Garner, late private of company A, first Geor-
gia infantry volunteers, praying recognition of
service. &c.
By Mr. SARGENT : The petition of E. B.
Bishop, of San Francisco, in relation to his
machine for deepening harbors and river
ch&n n6is 
By Mr. SLOSS: The petition of Joab Bag-
ley," of Jefferson county, Alabama, praying
that his title to southwest quarter of southwest
quarter, and south half of northeast quarter of
section six, township eighteen, range two west,
in land district of Tuscaloosa, Alabama, be
confirmed.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Mary E. G. Davi-
son, for the payment of claims arising from
French spoliation on American commerce.
By Mr. SWANN: The memorial of
Elizabeth R. B. Hoffman and Ellen M. Poult-
ney, daughter of the late Richard Cynsor, of
Baltimore, Maryland, askingrelieffrom French
spoliations.
post route bill.
The following was introduced and referred
under the rule:
By Mr. CROSSLAND: A bill to establish
a post route from Smithland station, Living-
ston county, Kentucky, to the town of Smith-
land.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 17, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
Hon. John P. Stockton, from the State of
New Jersey, and Hon. James W. Nye, from the
State of Nevada, appeared in their seats to-
day.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
committee service.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Morrii.l, of Maine, and Mr. Osborn to fill the
vacancies in the Committee on Military Affairs
occasioned by the resignation of Mr. Wilson
and Mr. Ames, who had been excused from
service on the committee.
committee on transportation routes.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed as the
select Committee on Transportation Routes to
the Seaboard, under the resolution adopted
yesterday, Mr. Windom, chairman, Mr. Sher-
man, Mr. Conklixs, Mr. Ames, Mr. Lewis, !
Mr. Casserly, and Mr. Norwood.
house dill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 3005) for the extension
of time to the Winona and St. Peter Railroad
Company for the completion of its road was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. i
battles of the rebellion. |
1 The joint resolution (H. R. No. 169) ex-
1 pressing the sentiment of Congress in regard
to the removal of the names of battles oi the
rebellion from the Army Register and regi- '
mental colors was read the first time by its
title. i
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the second reading 1
be at length.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be read in full the second time.
The joint resolution was read the second
time at length, as follows :
Whereas the national unity cannot fail to be
strengthened by the remembrance of the services of
those who fought the battles of the Union in the
late war of the rebellion: Therefore,
Be i< resolved by the Senate and Houte of Represent-
atives in Congress assembled, As the expression of the
sentiment of Congress, that no measures be taken
toward removing from the Army Register or the
regimental colors of the United States the names of
the battles of the rebellion. [
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I hope
th is resolution will be put on its passage at
the present time.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont asks unanimous consent for
the consideration of this joint resolution at the
present time. Is there objection?
Mr. SUMNER. I object.
| The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts objects.
Mr. WILSON. It had better go to a com-
mittee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will never go to a
committee unless on the yeas and nays. If
we have to refer a matter of this kind to a com-
mittee to ascertain what our sentiments are,
we had better take a little instruction. If the
Senator objects to its present consideration,
that is another matter.
, Mr. WILSON. I do not object.
| The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
| from Massachusetts does not object to the
! present consideration of the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. I do object.
!j Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I give notice that
1 I shall ask the Senate to take it up to-morrow,
j The VICE PRESIDENT. This resolution
! will lie on the table, as it cannot have its third
reading on this day if objected to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Eliza
Herzberger, widow of Frederick Herzberger,
a chaplain of the fifty-eighth regiment New
York volunteers, praying to be allowed arrears
of pension ; which was referred to the Com-
j mittee on Pensions.
| He also presented the petition of Elizabeth
! O'Neil, praying for arrears and increase of
pension ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. WRIGHT. I present a petition from
the Governor of my State, in connection with
the trustees of the Iowa Agricultural College
and Farm, in favor of the bill now pending for
additional aid to agricultural colleges. As
these gentlemen are connected with this insti-
tution, and are eminently fit and qualified to
speak on the subject, I commend what they
say to the consideration of Senators when the
bill comes up for action. The bill is now
pending, I believe, before the Senate. I
therefore move that the petition lie on the
table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There wasa peti-
tion on this subject referred to the Committee
on Education and Labor yesterday, on the
ground that it might possibly report something
additional.
Mr. WRIGHT. Very well, letthis have that
r^fpi'pnpp thpn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition,
will be referred to the Committee on Educa-
tion and Labor.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of mem-
bers of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Bounty Land
Association of Germantown, Philadelphia,
praying for the passage of House bill, known
as the Holman amendment, to enable honor-
ably discharged soldiers and sailors, their
widows and orphan children, to acquire home-
steads #n the public lands o f the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I am requested
to present the memorial of commissioners,
five from each of the States of Pennsylvania,
West Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky, Illi-
nois, and Tennessee, appointed by the respect-
ive Governors of those States ; and they pre-
sent this memorial for the improvement of
the Ohio river and its tributaries. I was
requested to ask the reading of this memorial
and its publication, but I think it is too long
to ask its reading, and I observe ithas already
been published in the Globe,- having been
presented in the House of Representatives
yesterday. But I ask the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
instead of reading the whole memorial, to a
very brief summary of the reasons they urge
for granting the prayer of this memorial. They
refer to various plans which have been sug-
gested for the improvement of the Ohio river—
I will not take up time in referring to them—
and close with asking an appropriation of
$2,000,000 to defray expenses of surveys
which they suggest and the preliminary work
upon the improvement of the Ohio river, and
as reasons for granting this prayer they state :
"Not only, then, is the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the Ohio river asked by one fifth of the States
of the nation, but it is asked by one third of the
whole population, who have heretofore paid thirty-
five per cent, of the whole internal taxation of the
nation, and borne a corresponding share in tho
liquidation of the national debt, and must by infer-
ence continue to do so until it is all paid. It is asked
by those who raise forty per cent, of the farm pro-
ducts of the country, own forty percent, of the land
in farms in the nation, forty percent, of the live
stock, and thirty-six per cent, of the capital in farm
implements and machinery in the United States.
I5y the statistics hero presented it appears also that
seven other States, containing seventeen per cunt,
more of the whole population of the nation, who
produce twenty per cent, of tho farm products of tho
country, contain ten per cent, of the farming lands,
twenty per cent, of the live stock, twenty per cent,
of the farm machinery, are directly interested in tho
.request of the States whose commissioners we are,
that the improvement of the navigation of the Ohio
shall be taken up as a work of the first national
magnitude and importance."
In connection, Mr. President, with the ques-
tion of cheap transportation suggested by the
President's message, as this is an improvement
about the constitutional power to make which
there is no doubt, I ask the early attention of
the Committee on Commerce to this memorial.
I move its reference to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT presented additional papers in
relation to the petition of Rebecca A. Marcher,
praying for an extension of the patent for an
improvement in machinery used for enamel-
ing moldings, &c.; which w«re referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Hon Wm. E. Dodge, and others, of the Nation-
al Temperance Society of New York, praying
for the prohibition of the manufacture, import-
ation and sale of all intoxicating liquors to be
used as a beverage in the Territories of the
United States and in the District of Colutn-
