236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
bia; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented the petition of Rev. H.
Ward, Grand Worthy Chief of the Order of
Good Templars, and D. W. Hooker, Grand i
Worthy Secretary, representing seventy thou- 1
sand members in the State of New York, pray-
ing for the prohibition of the manufacture,
importation, and sale of all intoxicating
liquors to be used as a beverage in the Terri-
tories of the United States and in the District
of Columbia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Clara T.
Pomeroy and Harriet W. Johnson, by Charles
S. Pomeroy, attorney, only surviving heirs of
John Kirk, original claimant, praying to be
indemnified for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the year 1801 ; which was or-
dered to He on the table.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, pre^fented
the petition of Robert Carter Smith, grandson
and heir and for the coheirs of Samuel Smith,
deceased, and others, praying to be indemni-
fied for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the year 1801; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Maria P.
Handy, granddaughter and heir and for the
coheirs of Andrew Ellieott, deceased, and
Mary Ann Handy, daughter and heir and for
the coheirs of Thomas Poultney, deceased,
praying to be indemnified for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the year 1801 ;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of Asa Rowe, a soldier of the war of
1812, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. AMES presented the memorial of Army
officers requesting that the preemption laws
be so modified that officers and men of the
Army and Navy who served as soldiers or
sailors for the Union during the war may
obtain lands ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of Judge
James D. Halyburton, a citizen of Virginia,
praying for the removal of his political disa-
bilities; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Jane
T. Simpson, of Petersburg, Virginia, grand-
child and heir and for the coheirs of Edward
Dunant, deceased, praying to be indemnified
for spoliations committed by the French prior
to the year 1801; which was ordered to he on
the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of
John Hitz on behalf of the heirs of H. Mes-
soniere, and the petition of Sarah E. Nice and
others, praying to be indemnified for spolia-
tions committed by the French prior to the
ypar 1801; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Potter county, Pennsylvania, praying the estab-
lishment of a post route from Forest House
to North Wharton; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HARLAN presented a letter from the
acting Secretary of the Interior, addressed to
the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs of the Senate, in relation to the re-
quest of the Cherokee nation for a different
application of the funds due or that may
accrue to that nation from the sale of certain
lands; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FENTON presented an additionalpaper
in relation to the claim of William H. De
' Groot, praying the passage of a resolution
authorizing the Court of Claims to take juris-
diction of his claim; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PATTERSON presented the" report of
the board on the improvement of the harbors
of Washington and Georgetown, District of
Columbia ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
recommending a reduction of the limits of
the military reservation of Fort Fetterman,
Wyoming Territory; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
ADMISSION TO THE FLOOR.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the privilege
of the floor be granted to the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs for the purpose of consulta-
tion on Indian matters. The Indian appro-
priation bill is now before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Iowa asks that the Commissioner of Indiau
Affairs may be authorized to be admitted to
the floor of the Senate until the Indian appro-
priation bill now under consideration by the
appropriate committee may be disposed of.
Is there objection? The Chair hears none,
and it is so ordered.
RKPORT3 OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R- No. 2797) providing for the pay-
ment to the Government of Japan, from the
indemnity fund, the sum due on account of
rents for lands and buildings occupied by the
diplomatic and consular representatives of the
United States to Japan, and for other pur-
poses, reported it with an amendment. *
Mr. CAMERON. The same committee, to
whom was referred a communication from the
Secretary of State in answer to a call of the
Senate of the 5tli instant, regarding the Afri-
can slave trade, have directed me to return it
to the Senate, and I ask to have the communi-
cation read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the Senate of the United States :
In answer to the resolution of the Senate of the
5th instant, I transmit herewith a report from the
Secretary of State.
U. S. GRANT.
Washington, December 9,1872.
To the President:
The Secretary of State, to whom has been referred
the resolution of the Senate of the 5th instant, re-
questing the President to communicate to that body,
if in his opinion not inconsistent with the public
interest, any information he may have in regard to
the existence of the slave trade upon the coast of
Africa, and what action has been taken by the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain or other countries, if any,
for its suppression," has the honor to inform the
President that the correspondence relating to the
subject was submitted to Congress witb the annual
message of the President at this session.
Respectfully submitted :
HAMILTON FISH.
Department of State,
Washington, December 9,1872,
The VICE PRESIDENT. What action
does the Senator desire ?
Mr. CAMERON. Let it lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
Mr. WINDOM. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2989) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1874, and for
other puiyoses, to report it back with amend-
ments. 1 move that the bill be made the
special order for Thursday next at one
o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think we ought
to make special orders at this period of the
session. The Senator can accomplish his
object by giving notice that he will call up the
bill at a certain time.
Mr. WINDOM. Then I withdraw the mo-
tion, and give notice that I will call up this bill
at one o'clock on the day after to morrow,
and if the Seriate will give it their uttentiou I
have no doubt we can pass it before the holi-
day recess.
.TAMES C COOKE'S PATENT.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The Com-
mittee on Patents liave instructed me to report
back two House bills, which are almost iden-
tical in their details, and to ask the present con-
sideration of the bills. They propose to give
authority to the Commissioner of Patents to
hear an application for an extension where in
both instances the patentee is near the expira-
tion of his first term of fourteen years and the
petitioners by inevitable accident failed to
make their application so as to leave time
enough to give the ninety days' notice—a mere
technical defect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was the inevitable
accident ?
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. In one of
the cases there were two patents, and by mis-
take the wrong patent was examined for the
purpose of getting at the date upon which to
make the application for an extension and the
wrong date was given, a few days difference
being between them, so that there is not time
enough to give the ninety days' notice which
the law requires.
In the other case the applications and fees
were sent to a solicitor in Washington, the
inventor doing everything incumbent, upon him,
and the solicitor, by mere oversight, also failed
to give the notice within a few days of the
time required by law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What are the patents in
each case?
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. One is a
machine for making crackers and the other
for manufacturing webbing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut reports back two House bills
authorizing an application for an extension of
patents, and asks for their present, considera-
tion. They will be reported, after which they
: will be subject to objection.
I The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. R. No.
2997) for the relief of James C. Cooke. It
authorizes the Commissioner of Patents to hear
the application of James C. Cooke for an
extension of the patent heretofore granted
him on the 4th of January, 1859, for an im-
Erovement in manufacturing webbing, num-
ered 22528, and to grant the extension of
the patent for seven years from and after the
, 4th of January, 1873, in the same manner and
' to the same effect as if Cooke bad applied for
the extension ninety days before the expira-
tion of the patent.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JOSEPH FOX'S PATENT.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The other
bill is a bill for the relief of Joseph Fox.
j By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
! Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 3133) to enable
Joseph Fox to make application to the Cotn-
' missioner of Patents for the extension of let-
ters-patent for machine for making crackers.
It proposes to grant leave to Joseph Fox, of
Lansingburg, in the county of Rensselaer,
New York, to make application to the Com-
missioner of Patents for an extension of the
letters-patent granted to him for a machine
for making crackers under date of February
1, 1859, for the term of seven years from and
after the expiration of the original term of
fourteen years for which the letters-patent are
granted; such application to be made in
the same manner and to have the same effect
as if it had been filed not less than ninety
days before the expiration of the original term
of the patent. And upon such application so
filed the Commissioner of Patents is to con-
sider and determine it in tile same manner and
