2160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
enable their new homes to be paid for out of
their own money. There ought to be no tech-
nicalities about this. The transaction ought
to be carried out in good faith, and carried
out promptly.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 27; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Conk-
ling. Davis, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock, Lewis,
Osborn. Ransom, Robertson, Sherman. Thurman,
Tipton, and Wright—18.
NAYS —Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Caldwell,
Carpenter, Clayton, Cole, Cooper, Corbett, Cragin,
Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Howe, Ma-
ohen, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norwood, Ram-
sey, Rice, Sawyer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stewart,
West, Wilson, and Windom—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Aleorn, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Cameron, Chandler, Edmunds, Fenton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Goldthwaite,
Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Saulsbury, Scliurz.
Scott, Spencer, Stockton, Sumner, Trumbull, and
Vickers—28.
So the amendment was rejeQted.
Mr. ALCORN. I desire to submit a report
from a committee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will receive it, if there be no objection.
GEORGE R. WILSON.
Mr. ALCORN submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses to the bill (S. No. 1108) for
the relief of George K. Wilson having met, after free
and full conference, have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend, as follows:
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the House to this bill, and agree
to the same.
J. L. ALCORN,
A. H. CRAGIN,
Mawwerft on the part of the Senate.
STEVENSON ARCHER,
HENRY H. STARKWEATHER,
J. M. COGHLAN,
Managers on the part of (lie Mouse.
The report was concurred in.
PAT OF CONTESTANTS FROM LOUISIANA.
Mr. WEST. I offer the following resolu-
tion, which is the nature of a privileged ques-
tion :
Resolved, That the Secretary of tho Senate be, and
he is hereby, directed to pay to John Ray and W. L.
McMillen, each full compensation as Senator for
the unexpired term for which they were elected as
shown by their respective credentials, until the 4th
of March, 1873; and also mileage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the present consideration of the
resolution ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to be referred
to the Committee on Contingent Expenses, or
the Committee on Privileges and Elections.
Mr. WEST. I ask the Senator if that is
the usual course ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Such a resolution is al-
ways referred to a committee. I shall vote
for it with pleasure if the committee report in
favor of it. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BTLL
Mr. COLE submitted the following report:
The committee of conference of the two Houses on
their disagreeing votes upon the bill of the House (II.
R. No. 3498) entitled "An act making appropriations
lor the service of the Post Office Department for the
year ending June SO, 1874, respectfully report that
having met, after full and free conference thereon,
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, that
the House of Representatives recede from their dis-
agreements to the amendments of the Senate num-
bered 1, 2, 4, 6, 7, 8, and 10, and agree to tho same.
Ihat the Senate recede irom its amendments num-
bered 3 and 9. That the House of Representatives
recede from its disagreement to the amendment of
the Senate No. 5, with an amendment as follows:
Vr* pa£e 5, strike out all after the words " to
wit, down to the word "that," in line six, and
agree to the same.
C. COLE,
JAMES K. KELLY,
ALJJX. RAMSEY,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
F. W. PALMER,
A. A. SARGENT,
J. F. FARNSWORTH,
Manager* on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate, as Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 4051) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June SO, 1873, and for other purposes.
Mr. RICE. I offer the following amend-
ment :
For the annual salary of a historiographer and
librarian of the Indian department, to be appointed
by the Secretary of the Interior, $2,500.
Mr. ROBERTSON. If I mistake not, that
amendment was voted down once.
Mr. RICE. _ Since that time the Committee
on Appropriations have agreed to the amend-
ment as well as the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and the amendment is changed from
what it was before when it was ruled out of
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. What committee reported
the amendment?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ra,ise a point of
order on that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will state his point of order.
Mr. ROBERTSON. My point of order is
that it is not germane to the bill under consid-
ation.
Mr. RICE. Iproposeittocome in after line
four hundred and fifty, after the appropriations
for the Interior Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropri-
ation in line four hundred and fifty is for the
building of a penitentiary in Wyoming Terri-
tory, and this amendment is for the annual
salary of a librarian of the Indian department,
to be appointed by the Secretary of tho In-
terior.
Mr. RICE. It is to come in under the head
of the Interior Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is not in order, under the rule. It does not
directly relate to an appropriation contained
in the bill.
Mr. WINDOM. Are there any amend-
ments pending ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
; not at this time.
Mr. SAWYER. I am authorized to offer
two or three amendments from the Committee
on Appropriations.' After line one hundred
and fifty-five I move to insert:
For deficiency in the appropriations for tho legis-
lative expenses of the Territory of Montana for the
three fiscal years preceding July 1, 1809, $3,048 75, or
so much thereof as the proper accounting officers
shall find necessary to pay valid acoounts.
This is recommended by the Secretary of
the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I have another amend-
ment to offer from the Committee on Appro-
priations. After line five hundred and thirty
1 move to insert the following :
To enable tho Commissioner of Education to em-
ploy the lollowing additional foreo for the year end-
ing June 30,1874, to wit: one clerk, class four, &1 800;
two clerks, class_one, §2,400; two copyists, 81,800;
one watchman, $720; and one laborer, $720; in all,
®7,740.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I raise a point of
order on that amendment, inasmuch as it
creates new olBces.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina makes a point of order
on the amendment. The Chair does not see
any part of the bill to which if, directly relates.
Legislative provisions must directly relate to
some appropriation contained m the bill. The
Chair observes in the bill an appropriation for
temporary clerks for the Commissioner of
Pensions, but none for the Commissioner of
Education.
Mr. SAWYER. There are appropriations
for the Interior Department.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That isvery true;
but because there are appropriations in the
bill for the Department of the Interior, that
would not authorize the extension of the Land
Office or the Indian Bureau. The amendment
must, directly relate to some appropriation in
the bill.
Mr. SAWYER. .1 trust my colleague will
not make the point of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is an
amendment to provide for the clerical force of
the Commissioner of Education and the Sen-
ator from South Carolina appeals to his col-
league to withdraw the point of order.
Mr. SAWYER. The appropriation is vory
necessary. It is recommended by the Secre-
tary of the Interior and the Commissioner of
Education.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I withdraw the point.
Mr. TIPTON. I renew the point of order.
Mr. SAWYER. I will not press the amend-
ment. I send another amendment to the
Chair to which I hope a similar abjection will
not be made. It is to insert after line three
hundred and forty-three the following:
Provided, That the clause in House bill No. —,
approved May 18, 1872,^ " to enable the Secretary
of War to pay for additional clerical services here-
tofore employed by him in the investigation and set-
tlement of aecounts tor captured and. abandoned
property $1,000," be, and the same is hereby, so
amended as to read "to enable the Secretary of
War to pay W. H. Shirley," &c.
I will say in reference to this amendment
that there is a mistake in the law which au-
thorized the payment for this service, and the
Secretary of War has written a letter request-
ing that it may be amended in that particular.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WEST. I offer an amendment from
the Committee on Appropriations, to insert
after line three hundred and forty three the
following:
And the Commissioner of Public Buildings and
Grounds shall have the rank, pay, and emoluments
of a colonel.
I will simply say in regard to this officer
that he performs the functions of Secretary of
the President, Commissioner of Public Build-
ings and Grounds, and commissioner of the
Washington Aqueduct, for the very trifling
compensation of $2,500 a year. This amend-
ment does not increase the appropriation, but
will increase the gentleman's pay out of the
Army bill to $3,500 a year. That is all that
the amendment contemplates.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. There was an amendment
passed over on page 26 which I should like to
have acted upon now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California calls up an amendment which
was passed over in the reading of the bill. It
will now be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment,
which was to insert after line six hundred and
thirty-six the following
That the sum of $297,890 25 is hereby appropriated,
out of any money not otherwise appropriated, to
pay arrears of interest found due the Chickasaws
under estimate of the Department of the Interior
under the Chickasaw treaties of 1832.
Mr. CONKLING. From what committee
does this amendment come?
The VICE PRESIDENT. From the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. It is reported by
them and printed in the bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will state to the
Senator from New York that this is an estimate
by the Department of a debt that is due under
the treaty of 1832; and its payment is recom-
mended. I here is a letter in the report from
the Attorney General on the subject. It has
been estimated for by the Interior Department,
and fully examined both by the Committee on
Indian Affairs and the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
before we hear that letter read whether the
Senator from Kentucky approves of putting
such things on the deficiency bill, and partic-
ularly in a session where the bill comes to
be acted upon on the very last day of the ses-
sion '!
Mr. STEVENSON. I regard this as legit-
