1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2161
imately a deficiency. This sum of money is
reported to be due under a treaty stipulation
for interest to Chickasaws, It was referred
to the Department of Justice, and the opinion
of the Attorney General obtained upon it.
I his amendment is to apply the money to pay
this debt which has been due for several
years. If this is not a deficiency, I do not
know what is. There have been already
put in this bill appropriations to erect new
buildings for which t&ere are no estimates
whatever, and if that has been decided to be
legitimate a fortiori, it seems to me that the
money required under information from one
of the Departments of the Government to pay
this debt is still more strongly so.
Mr. CONKLING obtained the floor.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the Sen-
ator give way to enable me to make a report ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
KANSAS SENATORIAL ELECTION.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
the select committee appointed to investigate
charges of bribery made against the Senator
from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy,] have instructed
me to report back the testimony that they have
taken, with the briefa of counsel, and to ask
that they may be printed, and also to make a
report in writing. As this report calls for no
action by the Senate, I will simply state its
conclusion. In reference to some ten or
twelve specific charges of bribery, the report
is that—
The committee are unanimously of the opinion
that even if the foregoing transactions were made
out as cases of bribery, there is no sufficient evidence
to connect Senator Pomeroy with any of them. Mr.
William Simpson, a member of the Legislature from
the neutral lands of Kansas, testifies that he went to
Senator Pomeroy's rooms on the 28th of January, as
the election was to occur an the 29th and 30th of
January, to inquire about the bill in Congress for
the relief of the settlers on those lands, and that
Senator Pomeroy told him that if ho would vote
for him he would pay the expenses of Mr. Laugh-
lin, the agent of those settlers at "Washington,
and who was supported by the voluntary contribu-
tions of those settlers; that the number of settlers
about twenty-five thousand, and that Mr. Laugh-
lin's compensation is small. On this charge there is
some difference of opinion in the committee; the
majority of the committee holding that it the charge
was uncontradicted and unexplained, while it would
unquestionably present the case of an improper ap-
peal to "motive," it is at least que.-tionabio whether
it would be the crime of attempting to bribe—not
because of the small distributive amount of Mr.
Simpson's contribution, but because he was under
no obligation to pay anything. If the sum Mr.
Simpson was to pay was a tax, the case would be
different. Eut Seuator Pomeroy opposes his evidence
to that of Mr. Simpson, and testifies that Mr. Simp-
son told him how little money Mr. Laughiin, the
agent, had, and that he had so written him, and that
he had no means to continue at Washington save by
voluntary contribution, and that he, Pomeroy, told
Simpson he was a friend of the settlers and would
in any event contribute to his support, and that
when he reached Washington he did accordingly
give Mr. Laughlin fifty dollars; and Mr. Pomeroy
then adds in his testimony, "And hence it is certain
that my contribution had no relation to any man's
vote."
A majority of the committee are of opinion that
under this state of facts, and under the evidence,
this charge of bribery is not affirmatively sustained.
In reference to the main charge made by
Mr. York against Mr. Pomeroy the report sets
out and considers the evidence and then in
conclusion says:
"The committee, some of whom were absent on
other duty from time to time as the evidence was
being taken, did not receive the printed testimony
until the morning of Saturday, the 1st instant, and
have given the evidence such examination as in
the pressor business they have been able, which has
been by no means as thorough as was desirable.
"The committee bearing in mind, while exam-
ining the evidence, that the whole transaction,
whatever view be taken of it, is the result of a con-
certed plot to defeat Mr. Pomeroy. and remember-
ing that the burden of proof is on the party making
the accusation, having come to the conclusion that
Mr. York has not sustained his charge by sufficient
proof, contradicted as it. is by the evidence of Mr.
Page and Mr. Pomkroy."
Mr. VICKERS. By a process of reason-
ing somewhat different from the majority I
have come to the same conclusion substan-
tially. I have not been able from the consid-
eration I have given to this subject to satisfy
my mind beyond a reasonable doubt that Sen- ,
42J> Com. 3D SESS.—No. 136.
ator Pomeroy is guilty of any of the charges
imputed to him. I submit my views in writing
on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be
printed with the majority report.
_ Mr. THURMAN. I desire to submit my
views, and as the substance of the views pre-
sented by others has been stated, I desire to
state the substance of my views. In fact, they
are so brief that I cannot state them perhaps
in fewer words than I can by reading them:
I cannot agree with the report of the majority
of the committee. I think that the testimony proves
a corrupt offer by Mr. Pomeroy to Senator Simpson
of the Kansas Legislature, to obtain the vote of the
latter.
I also believe that the testimony convicts Mr.
Pomeroy of having attempted to bribe Senator
York, of that Legislature, to vote for him; that
Pomeroy delivered, to York $7,000 is not denied.
Ihe only material issue between them is, for what
purpose was the money delivered? York says that
it was a bribe for his vote. Pomeroy says that it
was handed to York to carry it to one Page, whom
Pomeroy had promised to assist in starting a
national bank. In my judgment, the statements of
Mr. Pomeroy on this subject are contradictory, are
inconsistent with Page's statements; are so opposed
to the usual circumstances attending a business
transaction, and are so improbable, especially in
view of the circumstances attending the senatorial
election, that reliance cannot be placed-upon them.
Perceiving no good to result from an elaborate
statement of the testimony, and reasons that bring
me to these conclusions, I refrain making such state-
ment. Were there time for the Senate to consider
the subject fully, I should feel it my duty to give at
large the reasons for my convictions. But this is
the last day of the session and of Mr. Pomeroy's
senatorial term. Before the reports can bo printed,
much le?s considered, the session will be at an end.
I therefore say no more than to repeat the conclu-
sions to which my mind has, reluctantly and pain-
fully, been brought.
I ask that my views may be printed with the
reDOrt of the majority.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report of
the majority and the views also of the two
Senators last occupying the floor will be
printed, and the report laid on the table.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 4051) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes,
the pending question being on the amendment
of the Committee on Appropriations to insert
on page 26, after line six hundred and thirty-
six, the following:
That the sum of $297,890 25 is hereby appropriated
out, of any money not otherwise appropriated, to
pay arrears of interest found due the Chickasaws
under estimate of the Department of the Interior
under the Chickasaw treaties of 1832.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope we shall not
agree to this amendment. Whenever it hap-
pens, by accident or design, that a deficiency
bill or any other great appropriation bill is
left to the very last day to be first considered
in either House, I submit to the Senate that
we ought not, except upon some emergency
unanswerable in any other way, to put upon
that bill that which does not necessarily be-
long to it. Now, how can it be said that any
of these Indian provisions fail within that idea ?
How can it be said by the Senator from Ken-
tucky that this matter may not and ought not
properly to be considered at the next session
of Congress when there is time to do it? How
can he say that there is any overruling neces-
sity applicable to a point of time which
must be listened to now or not at all? If
this were the time to consider these pro-
visions, there are two of them at least
which I should contest upon the merits, and
I should deny that any Senator is author-
ized to say that we know this ought to be paid
at, some time, and it is only a question whether
we shall do it in the section in which it stands
or upon some other bill. But I will not at this
time proceed to that branch of the subject. I
make my objection to it upon the ground that
it does not belong here, and that we ought to
unite and sustain each other in keeping the
bill free from every excrescence and leaving
to another time matters which ought to be
separately and deliberately considered.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have nothing to say
in reply to the Senator from New York as to
the policy or impolicy of putting claims of this
sort upon deficiency bills. Usage has estab-
lished that as law. It has already been done
in this bill. It has already been done on a
distinctvoteby yeas and nays, and decided to
be legitimate so far as the Indians go.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand that to be
a very different question in its nature.
Mr. STEVENSON. Well, there are various
other provisions in this bill. Let me say to
the_ honorable Senator from New York that
while I have not a right to speak, for the
Senate, I have a right to speak for myself and
my brethren of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, who have investigated this claim.
The Senator thinks no Senator ought to say
this is a just claim. Let me read what the
acting Secretary of the Interior says about it:
Department .qf the Interior,
Washington, D. C„ April 13, 1872.
Sir : I have the honor to submit herewith an esti-
mate of appropriation required to pay the Chicka-
saw nation of Indians the balance remaining due
and unpaid on certain Arkansas and Tennossee
State bonds held in trust by this Department for the
benefit of^sakl Indians, amounting m all to the sum
The accompanying copies of the report of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and other papers,
it is believed, furnish full information upon the
subject.
By the tenth article of tho treaty concluded April
28,1866, with the Choetaws and Chickasaws, (Stats,
at Large, vol. 14, p. 769,) it appears that the United
State3 reaffirmed " all obligations arising out of
treaty stipulations or acts of legislation, with regard
to tho Choctaw and Chickasaw nations, entered mto
prior to the late rebellion." * * * *
In my opinion the provisions of the above article
cover this case, and f therefore respectfully request
the favorable action of Congress upon the estimate.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
B. E. COWEN,
Acting Secretary.
Hon. James G-. Blaine,
Speaker of tile House of Representatives.
This claim originates out of a solemn treaty
which the United States have recognized
again and again. They paid this interest
promptly both before and since the war, and
this amount is actually due these Indians for
interest during the period that the rebellion
was in existence. I know that it is very fash-
ionable, and it is becoming every day more
and more so, to say, " Oh, that is an Indian
claim; turn it out of Congress." Sir, I do
not wonder that the Indian complains of the
iujustice that he considers this country day by
day inflicts upon him. Here we have, first,
the recommendation of the Department; sec-
ond, the opinion of the Attorney General;
third, the full investigation of the Committee
on Indian Affairs, all agreeing that this is a
just claim for interest under treaty stipula-
tions, by which the Government got the lands
of these Indians and sold them, and put the
proceeds in the Treasury. When they come
day by day knocking at our doors and ask us
to pay simply what every department of the
Government says is due them, I will lose no
opportunity upon any bill I can get to do these
men justice. I do not know them. I have
no other interest in them than that I believe
they are unfortunate and do not have that
spirit of justice extended to them that should
be ; and 1 say in behalf of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, every one of whom investigated
this claim, and in behalf of the Committee on
Appropriations, that this is a just claim, and I
hope the Senate, if they neglect every other,
will not turn a deaf ear to this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is ou agreeing to the amendment reported by
the Committee on Appropriations.
The question being put, thers were on a
division—ayes 18, noes 23.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let us have the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senate is willing
to hear me for two minutes, 1 should like to
