1202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
granted to Mr. Snyder for two weeks, includ-
ing Monday.
LEAVE TO PRINT.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
to Mr. MacIntyre to print in tbe Globe some
remarks on the several propositions pending
before the House in regard to refunding the
cotton tax. [See Appendix.]
order of business.
The SPEAKER, by special order of the
House, the Committee of Claims is entitled to
the floor.
southern claims.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported back with amend-
ments, and with the recommendation that it do
pass, the bill (H. R. No. 3583) making appro-
priations for the payment of claims reported
allowed by the commissioners of claims, under
the act of Congress of March 3, 1871.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I will ask that
the reading of the bill be dispensed with, as it
is a simple statement of the amount due to
various persons.
There being no objection, the reading of the
bill was dispensed with; and tbe amendments
reported by the committee were agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill as
amended to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I will state sim-
ply that this bill contains the entire work of
the Southern claims commission. The total
number of claims reported by the commis-
sioners of claims in their last report is 2,209,
of which 1,061 have been allowed in whole or
in part, and 1,148 have been wholly rejected.
Since the report was transmitted to the
House of Representatives, eight cases reported
allowed in whole or in part have been returned
to tbe commissioners, at their request, for re-
examination.
Of the eases reported at the last session
some five, I think, were suspended on the sup-
position that some further evidence might be
obtained in regard to them which perhaps
might satisfy some scruples that the com-
mittee had in regard to them. We have be-
come satisfied, and they have been inserted
in this bill. The bill, therefore, contains pre-
cisely the work of the commission. We have
neither increased nor reduced any of these
amounts. A good many of the cases we have
examined at considerable length, thinking at
first that we ought to do so, but on a careful
examination we found that we could not im-
prove the work of the commission.
Some of the cases are peculiarly hard. I
recollect' a single case in which the property
taken and destroyed on the plantation of loyal
persons in Mississippi was worth $450,000,
and all the commission could allow was
$56,000. We looked into that case with a
very great desire to have done something bet-
ter if we could, but upon a full examination
we found that it would be impossible without
unsettling the rules on which all the examin-
ations have been made. The total'amount of all
the cases reported in the bill is $853,609 17.
I presume there will be no objection to the bill,
and I ask for a vote upon it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table,
I he latter motion was agreed to.
henry ii. stafford.
Mr. BL AIR, of Michigan, also, from the same
committee, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No.
2824) for the relief of Henry H. Stafford, late
receiver of public moneys at Marquette,
Michigan.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that the Sec-
retary of the Interior, and the Secretary of the
Treasury, and the proper accounting officers in
their Departments, in settling the accounts of
Henry H. Stafford, late receiver of public
moneys for the district of lands subject to sale
at Marquette, Michigan, shall allow'and credit
to Henry H. Stafford $1,867 13, which sum
had been received in payment for Govern-
ment lands, and deposited in the Government
safe in the Marquette land office by Henry H.
Stafford, then receiver, and which sum was
destroyed by fire in the burning of the land
office and Government safe on the night of
the 11th of June, 1868.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
' The latter motion was agreed to.
gb0r.ge f. cutter.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, Senate bill No. 171, for
the relief of paymaster George P. Cutter.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill authorizes the accounting officers
of the Treasury to credit George F. Cutter,
paymaster in the United States Navy, with
$254 in coin, now checked against him on the
books 'of that Department, being the amount
stolen from the funds of the United States on
board the ship Piscataqua, in the harbor of
Yokohama, Japan, in September, 1868.
Mr. BUCKLEY. The papers accompany-
ing the bill have been mislaid in transmission
between the two Houses. A similar bill, how-
ever, passed this House at a former session.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
horace tyler.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with an amendment,
and a recommendation that the same do pass,
Senate bill No. 686, for the relief of Horace
Tyler.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Horace Tyler, of New Orleans,
Louisiana, $40,410 42, in full satisfaction for
all work done by him or by his authority on
the bar at the mouth of the Southwest Pass
of the mouth of the Mississippi river, and for
all claims under and by virtue of a contract
entered into between him and brevet Lieuten-
ant Colonel M. D. McAlester, of the date of
5th November, 1868.
The amendment was to strike out "$46,-
410 42" and to insert "$23,566 63."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be read
a third time ; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. BOCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by wiiich the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the able.
The latter motion was agreed to.
wakkisn and moore.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, Senate bill No. 198, for
the relief of Warren & Moore.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill requires the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Warren & Moore, of Nashville,
Tennessee, $293 58, in full compensation for
14,679 feet of lumber purchased from tliem
by Lieutenant Drake, eleventh Michigan vol-
unteers, acting assistant quartermaster of the
twenty-ninth brigade, army of the Ohio, in the
year 1862, for the purpose of constructing
defenses near the wall about the old hospital,
No. 10, Nashville.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRANCIS A. GIBBONS.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, Senate bill No. 873,
for the relief of Francis a Gibbons.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Francis A Gibbons $20,000, in
full satisfaction and discharge of his claim for
additional compensation for the construction
of a building for the use of the Agricultural
Department; and appropriates said sum out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I raise
the point of order that this bill makes an ap-
propriation, and must receive its first consid-
eration in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes.)
The Chair sustains the point of order. The
bill will be referred to the Committee of the
Whole, and placed on the Private Calendar.
john b. chapman.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported baek, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, Senate bill No. 1022,
relating to the claim of John B. Chapman.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill requires the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs to investigate the claim of John B.
Chapman against the Osage nation of Indians,
and report what, if anything, is justly due said
claimant from the Indians or the Government.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to. «
.7 AND C. M. DAILEY.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it pass, a bill (S. No. 868) for the relief
of J. & C. M. Dailey.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay Messrs.
J. & C. M. Dailey, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $1,250
in full for food furnished the Sioux Indians
in the year 1862, upon the application and re-
quest of Mahlon Wilkinson, an Indian agent.
Mr. KERR. I would like to hear some ex-
planation of this bill from the gentleman who
has it in charge.
Mr. BUCKLEY. There is a report accom-
panying this bill. It can be read if the gentle-
man so desires.
Mr. KERR. Perhaps the gentleman can
state the matter in less time than the reading
of the report would occupy.
Mr. BUCKLEY. The amount proposed to
be appropriated by the bill is for the feeding
