2164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
fifty cents and the postage goes into the Treas-
ury of the United United States for the book.
That is all there is about it. The man who
purchases the book pays the postage, and for
convenience sake, in order that it may be pre-
paid, that the Commissioner of Agriculture
may prepay it instead of having it paid at the
other end, he sendss sufficient money for the
book including the postage, and the Commis-
sioner puts the postage stamp on it. That is
all there is to that. I hope my friend from
Minnesota will not be discouraged in well-
doing so soon, and that he will live to see that
he is deserving of great credit as a reformer
in having abolished this abuse, the franking
privilege.
Mr. WTNDOM. I would take great cour-
age indeed from the assurances of my honor-
able friend from Illinois, if the figures did not
stare me in the face. So far as this question of
printing the agricultural report is concerned,
1 think I was mistaken in my statement.
Hence, 1 will not discuss that. But if you
take the two appropriation bills together, you
will find that you reduce one of them $1,500,-
000, and increase the other $1,805,000 on ac-
count of the repeal of the franking privilege.
I cannot see where the economy comes in. As
my friend from Vermont [Mr. Morkill] sug-
gests, so far as the Government is concerned,
like the boy who was paid a cent to do without
his supper and then compelled to give it back
in the morning, it was all against the boy.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. T want to throw one handful
of dirt into that grave where my friend's hopes
are deposited. [Laughter.] I think he has
wet the earth more than he need to. All the
eccentricity he has disclosed in our accounts
is simply this : that the head of the Post Office
Department estimated less revenue from post-
age than he estimated for the expenditures
for stamps; but if he made a mistake, it will
be corrected when the year is ended. Every
one of these stamps which your Departments
buy for three cents, if they do not use them,
will still remain. They will not expend three
cents unless they want three cents for the
stamp, and if they expend three cents for the
stamp and use it. as the Senator from Illinois
has said, it goes right back to the Treasury.
There is not a dollar lost to the Government
on this account.
Mr. (JOLG. I hope we may now have the
bill reported to the Senate, and get through
with it before we take the recess. At five
o'clock we shall have to take a recess until
seven, and after that the legislative bill will
come up, which involves some pretty important
propositions, and also some other matters.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The pending question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. -Harlan.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLE. Now let the bill be reported.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
is on concuriing in the amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. I d esire a separate vote
on the items on rjages 20 and 27.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the Senator from Vermont
reserved all the amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; that is the
safest way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
first amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the first amendment
made as in Committee o 1 the Whole, which
was on page 1. after line eight, to insert the
following clause :
Senate:
JTorcIerko to committees, pages. <fcc., for the fiscal
yaar ending June 30,1872, $804; for compensation and
mileage, £7,000; for folding documents and mate-
rials, $4,500, and for furniture and repairs, $6,000 ;
in all, $17,500.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 2, line twenty-eight,
after the word " Madrid" to strike out the word
"in," and in lines twenty-nine and thirty to
strike out "$25,000" andinsert "notexceeding
$1,500;" so that the clause will read:
For additional compensation to the consuls of the
United States at Havre and La Rochelle, for extra-
ordinary services during the late war in Europe, to
be paid from tbe unexpended balance remaining to
the credit of the appropriation for diplomatic and
consuiarwar expenses in London, Pans, Beiiin, and
Madrid, such sums as the Secretary of State may
allow, with the approval of the President, not
exceeding $1,500.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. COLE. I ask unanimous consent to
extend the time for taking a recess from ten to
fifteen minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
The nextamendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 4, line ninety-one,
to increase the appropriation for incidental and
contingent expenses for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1873, for the assay office at New
York from $6,000 to $13,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Chief Clebk. The next amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole was on
page 7, after line one hundred and sixty-seven,
to insert:
To pay just expenses and emoluments of the mar-
shal of the United States for the Territory of Utah
incurred and earned in the service of process and
performing the official duties 
Mr. EDMUNDS. That amendment is right,
and I do not care to have it read, unless some-
body else does.
Mr. COLE. Let it be read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. All right.
Mr. COLE. The Senator insists on every-
thing being read, and we might as well go
through with them all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; I am quite
ready to oblige the Senator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the reading of the
amendment will be omitted.
Mr. DAVIS. It occurs to me that there
was a special bill passed on that subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is another bill en-
tirely, years and years ago.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 7, after line one
hundred and fifty-four, to insert:
For deficiency in the appropriations for the legis-
lative expenses of tho Territory of Montana for tile
three fiscal years preceding July 1,1869, $3,048 75, or
so much thereof as tho proper accounting officers
shall find necessary to pay valid accounts.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to know, before
we vote upon it, what committee reported that
amendment. I have it confounded with an-
other amendment.
Mr. COLE. It was proposed by my col-
league upon the Committee on Appropriations,
[Mr. Sawyer.]
Mr. SAWYER. All I can say about it is
that the Secretary of the Treasury stated in a
letter that there was such a deficit, and sub-
mitted the form of amendment which I pre-
sented and requested an appropriation therefor.
Mr. CONKLING. This is the precise
amendment that he sent?
Mr. SAWYER. It is precisely the same.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 wish to ask the Sen-
ator from South Carolina if we did not have
the same matter before us last year, and if we
did not provide for it ail then except some
provision that was not warranted by law, and
which the Territory ought to pay itself?
Mr. SAWYER. 1 have no recollection of
it at all; but I inferred that the Secretary of
the Treasury knew what he was writing about
when he sent that letter.
The amendment was non-concurred in—
ayes thirteen, noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour
of five o'clock having arrived, the Senate takes
a recess until seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock
p' m' message mtom til® house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report
of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(H. R. No. 2991) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1874, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 1203) cre-
ating a commission to adjust the compensation
of the several claimants for damages for rebel
cruisers, to be discharged out of the indemnity
fund awarded by the tribunal of arbitration at
Geneva to be paid by Great Britain to the
United States.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 2797) providing for
the payment to the Government of Japan, from
the indemnity fund, the sum due on account
of rents for lands and buildings occupied by
the diplomatic and consular representatives
of the United States to Japan, and for other
purposes, asked a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Nathaniel P. Banks of Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. Leonard Myers of Pennsyl-
vania, and Mr. Samuel S. Cos of New York,
managers at the same on its part.
joseph h. haywood.
Mr. PRATT submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. It. 2009) tor
the relief of Joseph L. Haywood and others, having
met, alter full and tree conference have agreed to
recommend to their respective Houses as foil ows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and concur in an
amendment substituting "twenty" for "thirty;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their second amend-
ment.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the third amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same.
D. D. PRATT.
W. B. MACHEN,
T. 0. HOWE,
Managers on the. part of the Senate.
II. BOARDMAN SMITH,
OJ1AS. FOSTER,
JOHN T. HARMS,
Manager* on the part oj the Jlouse.
The report was concurred in.
iients due japanese government.
The Senate proceeded to consider itsamend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 2797) providing
for the payment to the Government of Japan,
from the indemnity fund, the sum due on
account of rents for lands and buildings occu-
pied by the diplomatic and consular repre-
sentatives of the United Slates to Japan, and
for other purposes, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. SCHURZ, it was
Remlved, That the Senate m.-'ist upon their amend-
ment to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
ltcpresentarives, and asreeto the conference a^ked
by tne House on tho disagreeing votes of the two
Houses tiieieon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
Mr. Sciiujtz, Mr. Hamlin*, and Mr. Stewart
were appointed the committee of conference
on the part of the Senate.
