240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dcccmber 17,
arraign the course of the American Govern-
ment at its foundation ; that they are based
upon theallegation that we violated our treaties
with France; that they arraign the conduct of
all the early officers of the Government. If
they are just claims they ought to be paid even
if their payment compels us to change the
popular view of the whole history of the first
ten years of the American Government.
The claims are pressed upon us with a per-
tinacity unparalleled. From the daily papers
I cut recently an advertisement signed by James
H. Causten, who represents that he has been
for forty-nine years at the head of an organized
agency in this city to prosecute these claims.
He invites the citizens of the United States
who are interested in them or who are the
descendants of any claimants for these spolia-
tions, to send their petitions to Congress. He
says that this organization has been maintained
here year aftervear. It was founded in the city
of Washington before either House of Congress
recognized any equity in these claims, before
any committee of either House had reported in
favor of them, after committees had reported
against them, and has been kept up for forty-
nine years. I will read, merely to show the
character and nature of this claim and how per-
sistent and how enterprising has been its prose-
cution, a part of this public advertisement whi h
is laid upon your table in every one of the daily
papers in this city. It is dated—
"Agkncyof French Spoliation Claims,
Office No. 1246 F Street,
Washington, D. C., November 5,1872.
"This institution was established forty-nine years
ago. with tbe undersigned as agent and protector
of the original claimants, all of whom are long since
dead, a* also their second generation—their third
generation are now living, but death and other
casualties have rendered my record so far useless
as to who and where they are to be found."
Then he gives notice to all these legal rep-
resentatives who have not sent their petitions
into the Halls of Congress to segd them now
and soon and urgently. He then goes on :
" The delays of action on this case, occasioned by
the late rebellion, impeachment of President John-
son, and the excitement just terminated in the pres-
idential election, afford a free access to the attention
of Congress: but, above all, the near approach of
Congress, its short session, and much to be done by
interested parties, point to the indispensable neces-
sity for instant preparation by the claimants.
" Printed blank memorials will be furnished by the
undersigned free of cost; also, a printed pamphlet
history and proceedings on the claims by both Gov-
ernments and by CongTess(ata trifling cost of print-
ing) will be furnished those who desire it and shall
so advise me by letter."
Mr. President, here is a claim, stated by the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions at $20,000,000, which these people are
offering to compound now, after seventy-two
years, at five millions, pressed upon ns year
after year, after a lapse of seventy-two years,
by an organized agency, which has been in
this city for forty-nine years, and now adver-
tises to the people interested to send forward
their petitions in order to press Congress at
this session to pass the French spoliation bill.
All these are considerations which ought
not to prevent us from paying this obligation
if it is just and honest. If it is right in law
and in equity that the United States should
pay this claim, I do not object to the means
by which it is urged upon Congress, nor to
the long lapse of time. But, sir, this lapse of
time and the means necessary to enforce this
claim are circumstances which demand of
Congress a strict scrutiny into all tbe facts
alleged, that we may see whether or not the
founders of this Government, with George
Washington at the head, did injustice to these
claimants, our own citizens, and whether all
those who have preceded us in this position
have so far been neglectful of their duty that
they have refused to pay a just and honest
claim so long. That is the question.
Now, sir, what is the basis of this French
spoliation claim? As stated by Mr. Webster
in the celebrated debate of 1834-35, it is
founded upon three assumptions. I will read
from the opening remarks of Mr. Webster at
the beginning of the debate, December 17,
1834, and I may here remark that this debate
is the most complete, in my judgment, the
most thorough and exhaustive of the many
debates on this subject in Congress, although
it was followed by many very able speeches.
Mr. Webster said :
" This bill supposed two or throe leading propo-
sitions to be true.
" It supposed, in the first place, that illegal seiz-
ures, detentions, captures, condemnations, and con-
fiscations were made of the vessels and property
of the citizens of the United States before the 30th
of September. 1800.
" It supposed, in the second place, that these acts
of wrong wero committed by suoh orders and under
such circumstances as that the sufferers had a just
right and claim for indemnity from the hands of the
Government of France."
Here at the very ontset I admit that these
two propositions are true; that according to
my judgment the acts of France in capturing
onr vessels did make a just and fair claim
against the French Government, and that we
were justified in doing all that we could, short
of actual war, to enforce the claims. But it
must be conceded also that all the time the
French Government insisted that these cap-
tures and detentions were caused by our vio-
lation of our treaties with them. The claims
of the two Governments were carried almost
to open and general war, the French insist-
ing that these captures and detentions were
lawful acts of reprisal on the United States
for her disregard, or alleged disregard, of the
treaties with France, and that there was no
obligation on the part of France, because of
this lawful act of reprisal, to pay to these
claimants any money indemnity, bat that it
was a controversy between the two nations;
the United States, on the other hand, assuming
that under the circumstances it had a right to
issue its proclamation of neutrality, and pur-
sue the course of events which I will allude to
presently. Then Mr. Webster states the third
proposition.
"Going oil these two propositions, the bill assumed
dne other, and that was. that all such claims on
France as came within a prescribed period, or down
to a prescribed period, had been annulled by the
United States, and that this gave them a right to
claim indemnity from this Government."—Con-
gressional Debates, vol. xi. Part I, page 16.
Here is the gist of the whole matter: did
the United States annul these obligations by
assuming them under such circumstances as
would make a liability on the part of the
United States to pay our citizens for these
depredations? I say that by a careful exam
ination of all the facts of this history, the
chief of which I will now bring before you,
it appears that neither by the law of war nor
by international law, nor by justice or right,
did the United States ever assume or incur
any obligation to pay these debts to our citi-
zens. There was never the slightest thing
done in the ten years during which they arose
which gave a legal or an equitable claim on
the part of these citizens as against the Uni-
ted States; but, on the contrary, the United
States pressed these claims, insisted upon
them, demanded them, urged them, pressed
them even to the point of war, went far beyond
the duty of the United States in favor of its
citizens as against a foreign nation, and dis-
charged all the obligations which by any rule
of morals, duty, or law, is imposed upon any
nation in behalf of its citizens against foreign
nations.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him one question for information ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. The question is whether I
understand the Senator to deny that the Uni-
ted States under the convention of 1800 with
France did relinquish, did surrender, did put
itself in an attitude which forbade from that
time this Government seeking compensation
for these claims ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the very point
I intend to answer after a while. My friend
would compel me to anticipate the train of my
argument.
Mr. HOWE. I do not wish that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say, in answer to the
Senator, that the United States abandoned
the further prosecution of these claims, be-
cause to press them further than it did, as I
will show you, would have involved us in the
general maelstrom of war; and we were not
bound to go so far. But that we ever assumed
them under such circumstances or facts as
would raise an obligation either in law or
equity against the United States to pay them,
I deny utterly.
Mr. HOWE. I put the question I did to
the Senator for this reason : I understood
him to insist that the United States did not
in 1800 or at any other time assume to pay
these claims. I do not understand that she
did, nor that anybody asserts that she did;
but I do understand it to be charged on the
other side—I do not make the assertion—that
the United States, while we did not agree to
pay these claims to our citizens, did agree,
and for an equivalent, not to ask their pay-
ment of France.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the very gist of
the controversy to which I will come presently,
and I will then answer the Senator in full. I
mean to give the events in the order of their
occurrence.
Mr. President, having thus stated the general
view of this case as made by Mr. Webster and
the general impression that the facts have
made on my own mind, let us very briefly pur-
sue the historical events, which 1 can only do
by referring to some of the leading incidents
of the controversy; and the first and the ground-
work of the whole are the treaties with France
made during the revolutionary war, in 1778.
The treaty of alliance is the first in order,
and all that has been said by my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] who opened the
argument here, and all that has been said by
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] in his report is true, that this
treaty with France was the life blood of our
country at the time it was made, without which
we might have struggled through a long, weari-
some war and perhaps have failed to attaiu
our independence, but with which we were
enabled in a short time to establish this nation.
The eleventh and twelfth articles of the
treaty of alliance contain two guarantees.
The eleventh article contained mutual guar-
antees, one by France of "the liberty, sover-
eignty, and independence" of the people of
the United States, " absolute aud unlimited as
well in matters of government as commerce,"
and a guarantee by the United States to France
of "the present possessions of the crown
of France in America," with the additions or
conquests they might obtain during the war.
The effect of the two articles, eleven and
twelve, was a mutual guaranty, by which France
guarantied to us our liberty and independence
and we guarantied to France her West India
possessions. That is not the precise language;
but that was the definite meaning of the arti-
cles.
The treaty of commerce entered into be-
tween the two nations on the same day contains
four articles which become material to this
controversy. Articles seventeen and twenty-
two were made for the benefit of France.
They provide that prize of war may be carried
into the ports of either party, and that no
shelter shall be given by either party to the cap-
tors of prizes from the other party; that is,
that the ports of the United States should be
free for France to bring in her seizures of ves-
sels of foreign nations with whom she was at
war, and that we should not give the corre-
sponding benefit to any other nation. The
twenty-second article provides that foreign
privateers shall not be allowed to fit out or sell
their prizes in the ports of either party, but
that the privateers ot either party may use the
ports of the other to fit out and equip private
armed ships and vessels of war. These two
provisions were made in the interest of France.
