1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
The tweuty-third and twenty-fourth articles
were made in the interest of the United States.
The twenty-third article provides for liberty
for either party to trade with a nation at war
with the other. That is, while the United
States gave to France these important advan-
tages of the use of our ports to her privateers
and her captures, yet we were to be at liberty
to trade with nations with whom she was at
war, and free ships should carry free goods.
In other words, to apply it to the events that
followed, if a war should occur between France
and Great Britain, while we were bound to
receive in our ports French privateers and
French captured vessels we had also a corre-
sponding right to trade with England and under
our flag to carry even articles whichby the law
of war were contraband of war into the ports
of England.
The twenty-fourth article proceeds to define
what shall be considered contraband of war,
and changes the whole rule of international
law, makes it much more liberal to the United
States, so that the effect of 'this treaty of com-
merce, while it gave to France certain facili-
ties of entering our ports with vessels seized
from her enemies, and gave her privateers the
right to equip and man in our ports, yet also
gave us the right to trade with her enemies, to
carry to her enemies goods that by the law of
nations were contraband of war, to enter the
ports of her enemies, and gave us privileges
of vast importance.
In a moment you will see, Mr. President,
what was the bearing of these treaties on the
controversy which soon sprang up. These
were mutual concessions, some for the benefit
of the United States and some for the benefit
of France. The honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts in his report treats the whole thing
as if the treaty of commerce was all on one
side, as if there were no provisions in that
treaty that bore hardly upon France ; and yet
it will turn out immediately that at the very
time this treaty was first put in force, at the
very breaking out of the war, France was the
first to violate the stipulations of the treaty,
to violate the only stipulations in the treaty
made in our favor, and her persistent violation
was made one of the grounds upon which
General Washington based the proclamation
of neutrality and virtually suspended, for the
time at least, the two articles which were made
in favor of France.
Mr. President, this leads us to the next im-
portant and the most important step in our
history in connection with foreign affairs. In
1793 France and England were involved in
war. France was at war with nearly all the
nations of Europe. She had beheaded her
king; she had proclaimed war against despots
and tyrants in any form. The sympathy of
the American people generally went with
France. But the question came up before the
Cabinet of George Washington, what should
be done? Shall we involve this little nation
of ours in its infancy, without troops, without
arms, without vessels or means of warfare, in
the maelstrom of European politics? Shall
we take sides with France against England?
It appeared at once that if we observed faith-
fully articles seventeen and twenty-two of our
treaty of commerce with France we took sides
with France, and of course involved ourselves
in a war with England; we became a party to
the war; and the question then arose in the
Cabinet of Washington whether the war which
was then waging in Europe was one of those
wars that were provided for by the treaty of
commerce; whether the occasion for the clauses
of guarantee in the treaty of alliance had arisen,
and whether we were bound to guaranty to
France her West India islands; whether we
were bound to let French privateers and
French vessels of war come into our ports to
reman, to arm, and to equip, and thus make
war against England and all the other nations
of Europe.
This question came before the Cabinet of
42d Cono. 3d Sess.—No. 16.
Washington. It was a question of life or
death. If General Washiugton had decided
the question as the French desired him to do,
our commerce would have been swept from
the ocean ; we should have at once been in-
, volved in a war with Great Britain. With her
enormous naval power, developed soon after
in the controversy, she might have seized all
our ports, closed our country as a sealed book.
She could easily have done it. Under the
circumstances which surrounded him, General
Washington addressed certain inquiries to the
members of his Cabinet, and I have them here,
, but I will not take time to read them. Sen-
ators who desire to look at them may find
! them in Sparks' Life of Washington. Vari-
ous inquiries were submitted by General Wash-
ington to the members of his Cabinet, and the
very mode in which the inquiries are put shows
the anxiety of Washington, the critical state
of our affairs; and these questions are given in
full, together with the elaborate answers of
the members of the Cabinet. The result was
that the members of the Cabinet differed some-
what on minor matters ; but upon the main
question that it was the duty and the right of
the United States to maintain neutrality be-
tween Great Britain and France, they were all
agreed.
Mr. President, upon the opinion of his Cab-
inet, General Washington issued the procla-
mation of neutrality. What was that ? The
language is simple and brief. It simply de-
clared that in the condition of affairs then ex-
isting in Europe, in the state of war between
France and the Powers of Europe, the United
States would remain in a state of honorable neu-
trality, treating all the contestants by the same
rules and principles and observing with sincer-
ity and good faith a friendly and impartial con-
duct toward all the belligerents. That was
the proclamation of neutrality. Now, sir,
what followed? The proclamation of neu-
trality was communicated to both Houses of
Congress. According to the forms that then
existed, the Senate by a formal address ap-
proved the proclamation of neutrality and
indorsed and approved the conduct of Wash-
ington in issuing it. The House of Represent-
atives, with equal strength, also approved and
indorsed the proclamation of neutrality, and it
was at once adopted by all the people of the
United States, as the policy of the Govern-
ment. Jefferson was then Secretary of State,
Hamilton was Secretary of the Treasury. The
incipient divisions whigh soon followed in our
own political contests had aleady appeared;
but all citizes and all parties felt that it was
the right of the United States to maintain
neutrality ; that, if nothing else justified it,
the law of necessity justified it; and the whole
people of the United States, however much
they were divided in sympathy in the contro-
versy between France and Great Britain, felt
that neutrality was the safety and policy of the
United States, and it was adopted.
That policy was adopted not only with the
assent ot the two Houses of Congress, but it
was sanctioned by the judiciary. This par-
ticular proclamation of neutrality and the acts
subsequent thereto were brought before the
Supreme Court of the United States in a case
to be found in 7 Cranch. The Supreme Court,
Chief Justice Marshall delivering the opinion,
stated that the action ot General Washington,
thus approved by Congress, and supplemented
as it was afterward by an act of Congress, was
the established policy of the country, and
whether it violated the treaty or not, it was
the law of the land so far as the people of the
United States were concerned; that Congress
was the political power of the country ana had
to make the laws to govern the conduct of the
people of the United States, and it was for
Congress, the political power, to judge whether
or not this policy was consistent with the
French treaty, and the people of the United
States were bound to obey the decision of
Congress.
Now, mark it, not only was this a policy
adopted by every branch of the Government,
but it was concurred in by the very claimants
themselves. It was for the interest of the
claimants. There was not one single person
whose heirs or descendants or representatives
petition here, but demanded this policy of
neutrality; not one of them but was interested
in this policy. Without this policy of neutral-
ity there would have been no ships to be cap-
tured, no vessels to be detained. Our ships
and vessels would have been swept from the
ocean as with the besoin of destruction. It
was a policy in which the East was especially
interested. The very States from whence
these claims come demanded by universal
voice the policy of neutrality. It was the pol-
icy of the country, the policy of safety. It was
absolutely necessary to our national existence,
and there was no man to question it. But
now, after these men are in their graves, after
a period of seventy-two years, we are told on
; the floor of the Senate by the most eminent
members of the Senate that the conduct of the
United States violated the treaty with France,
and that is made the basis of an application to
us to pay for all the depredations committed
, by France on our commerce.
! Now, sir, the legal effect, according to the
i decision of the Supreme Court, was that if
this proclamation of neutrality was inconsistent
with the seventeenth and twenty-second articles
of the treaty to which i have referred, so far
as the citizens of the United States were con-
cerned it superseded those provisions of the
treaty, and it made no difference in this con-
troversy whether we acted in violation of that
treaty or not.
I do not intend to stop here, but I shall show
that France herself recognized this view of the
matter, and that France, before we had violated
this treaty, as she claimed, by the proclama-
tion of neutrality, had violated other clauses
of the treaty which were made in our favor,
and that, too, by the report of the Senator
from Massachusetts himself. I had prepared
quite a number of lengthy extracts from the
correspondence between Genet and Jefferson
to show, that the French minister did not object
to the policy that was adopted by the Amer-
ican Government; on the contrary, he acceded
to it; but I find here furnished to my hand in
the report of the Senator from Massachusetts
a declaration made that even before this pro-
clamation was issued France had herself vio-
lated the treaty and had treated it as so much
waste paper. He says :
"But before the proclamation reached France,
orders, in direct repugnance to the treaties with the
United States, were issued there for the capture and
forfeiture of enemies' goods on board neutral ves-
sels ; whereas it had been stipulated that free ships
should make free goods, so that even if the denial
of the 'guarantee' was wrong, and the proclama-
tion, according t9 French accusation, was 'insidi-
ous,' the United States were not the first to offend."
I could fortify this general declaration made
by the Senator from Massachusetts by innum-
eral documents showing that the French
themselves disregarded this treaty as entirely
inapplicable to the then existing state of
affairs ; that they in effect sustained the posi-
tion taken by Washington, that the treaty of
commerce and the treaty of alliance only re-
lated to defensive warfare on the part of France
and could not be held to apply to a state of
revolution, where everything was changed,
where the Government had killed the king
who made the treaty with us; that the provis-
ions of old treaties here quoted did not apply
to that condition of affairs. Washington held
that the treaty only applied to a defensive
warfare waged by France for her own ex-
istence, and that the state of affairs which
then existed in Europe was not a defensive
warfare in any sense of the word, or within the
meaning of the treaty.
But, sir, whether that be so or not, it is ad-
mitted on all hands that France violated the
treaty, that France refused to allow us the
commercial advantages which were stipulated
