1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2165
SENATOR FROM LOUISIANA.
Mr. SCHURZ. I ask unanimous consent
at this time to present a memorial, and I
should like to have it read. It i3 only a very
few lines.
The Chief Clerk read the memorial, as fol-
lows :
To the Honorable the President
and members of the Senate of the United States •
Tour memorialist respectfully represents that he
was elected on the 2d instant a Senatorof the United
States_ by the General Assembly of the State of
Louisiana : that his credentials certifying such elec-
tion have been forwarded and will be Sere in due
course of mail; and he respectfully asks the Senate
of the United States to take notice of tho fact of his
election and of his claim to be the legally elected
Senator from the State of Louisiana for the vacancy
commencing March 4,1873.
W. L. McMILLEN.
Mr. SCHURZ. I move that the memorial
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDGE DELAHAY.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the permission of
the Senator from California, [Mr. Cole,] I
should like to submit a mere order of course
in answer to a message of the House of Rep-
resentatives about the impeachment trans-
mitted this afternoon. I offer the following
resolution:
Ordered, That the Secretary inform the House of
Representatives that the Senate will receive articles
of impeachment against Mark W. Delahay, judge
of the district court of the United States for tho
district of Kansas, this day impeached by the House
of Representatives beforo it of high crimes and mis-
demeanors, whenever the House of Representatives
shall be ready to exhibit the same.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. COLE and Mr. EDMUNDS called for
the regular order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The bill (H. R. No.
4051) making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes, is be-
fore the Senate ; and the question is on con-
curring in an amendment, made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, which will be reported
by the Secretary.
The Chief Clerk. The Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, inserted on page 8, line
one hundred and eighty, after the word " dol-
lars," the following proviso to the clause ap-
propriating to collectors of customs commis-
sions as superintendents of lights :
Provided, That all laws authorizing such commis-
sions are hereby repealed.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 10, line two hun-
dred and thirty-seven, to reduce from $590,000
to $500,000, the appropriation for the inci-
dental expenses of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, for the fiscal year 1873.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was on page 14, after
line three hundred and forty-three, to insert:
And the offioer in charge of the public buildings and
grounds shall have the rank, pay, and emoluments
of a colonel.
Mr. TIPTON. I desire to understand that.
I do not understand why we should increase
the rank of military officers in this appropria-
tion bill. I believe the amendment was offered
by the Senator from South Carolina. Perhaps
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee can
tell us something about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The chairman of the Judi-
ciary Committee has nothing to do with mili-
tary affairs. We are the men of peace. I
presume it is all right, but I do not know any-
thing about it.
Mr. TIPTON. I think it is strange to have
a proposition of this kind to increase the rank
of a military officer in an appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, will the Senate concur in this ameud-
ment?
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as iu Committee
of the Whole was after line three hundred aifd
forty-three to insert:
That the clause in House bill No. —, approved
May 18, 1872, "to enable the Secretary of War to
pay for additional clerical services heretofore em-
ployed by him in the investigation and settlement
of accounts for abandoned and captured property,
$1,000," be, and is hereby, so amended as to read ;
"to enable the Secretary of War to pay to W. H.
Shirley,'&c.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What does that mean?
There is no particular reference to the act to
be amended.
Mr. WRIGHT. This is a proposition to
amend a House bill. I should like to have
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations explain it.
Mr. COLE. It was put in here on the mo-
tion of some Senator. I do not know any-
thing more about it than the Senator from
Iowa or the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us reject it.
Mr. WRIGHT. Such legislation is hardly
worth considering. We had better reject it.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole was on page 16, after line
three hundred and eighty-nine, to insert the
following clause:
For compensation to Francis A. "Walker, late
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, for extra services
and labor performed by him while such Commis-
sioner in finishing tho report of the census, 61,500,
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole was on page 20, line four
hundred and eighty-nine, under the head of
" Extension of Capitol grounds," to strike out
the following proviso :
Provided, That no money thus obtained or herein
appropriated shall be used for changing the grade
of the park east of the Capitol.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made, as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, was on page 20, after line
four hundred and ninety-one, to insert:
For an elevator in the Senate wing of the Capitol,
310,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary, to
be expended under the direction of the Architect of
the Capitol Extension.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole was on page 21, after line
five hundred and fifteen, to insert:
To pay John G. Merritt for sorvices as messenger
of the Senate from July 1,1872, to July 1, 1873, as
authorized by resolution of the Senate passed June
10,1872. $1,440.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole was on page 23, line five hun-
dred and forty-six, after the word "neces-
sary," to insert the words '"to pay for lands
purchased by the Osages from the Cherokees
and in Hue five hundred and forty-seven, after
the words " Cherokee Indians," to insert the
words ''the same shall bear interest at the
rate of five per cent. ;" so as to read :
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby au-
thorized and directed to transfer irom the proceods
of sale of the Osage Indian lands in Kansas, made
in accordance with the twelfth section of the act of
Congress approved July 15,1870, the sum of $1,650,600,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, to pay tor
lands purchased by the Osages from the Cherokees,
and to placo the same on the books of his Depart-
ment to the credit of tho Cherokee Indians, the same
shall bear interest at the rate of five per. cent., iu
accordance with the act of Congress approved June
5,1872," Ac.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will it be in order after
this amendment is concurred in to move to
strike out the whole paragraph?
The PRESIDING OFFIOER. It will be.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 thought so, and I mean
to do it.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole was on page 23, line five
hundred and fifty-five, after the work " Inte-
rior," to strike out the following clause:
And the Secretary of the Interior is hereby author-
ized to draw from the Treasury, by requisition in
due form, the amount so transferred, ana invest the
same in United States registered stocks, in accord-
ance with the provisions of the twenty-third article
of the Cherokee treaty of July 19,1866.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 26, after lins six
hundred and seventeen, to insert the following:
That the sum of 8251,055 97 be, and tho same is
hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury of tho United States, and not otherwise appro-
priated, for the purpose of reimbursing the Creek
orphan fund: Provided, That all bonds heretofore
purchased with moneys belonging to this fund shall
be the property ot the United States.
That the Secretary of the Interior is hereby re-
quired to cause the money appropriated by this act
to be paid directly to the Creek orphans, their heirs,
descendants, or distributees.
Xkat all contracts or agreements of any kind made
by tho Creek orphans or their delegates with any
citizen or citizens of the United States, to pay any
money or other thing of value in consideration of
services rendered or claimed to have been rendered
in connection with or relating to the Creek orphan
fund, if any such there be, are hereby declared null
and void.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the amendment
will not be concurred in.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Ihope these clauses
will not be stricken out. The case has been
examined many times, and I believe the claim
is approved by men who have given it a thor-
ough investigation. I regard it as a claim just
and right.
Mr. EDMONDS. I wish we had time to
go into this Creek orphan fund subject and
show how it has been rolled up and rolled
down and fixed and fingered aud all that. There
may be a kernel of propriety in it, but if there
be, there is a bushel of chaff as I believe. It
has been examined by many gentlemen whose
opinions I respect who believe in it. It ha3
been examined by others whose opinions I
respect who do not believe in it. It has never
been brought forward successfully at a time
when the Senate was not pressed for time by
any committee. It is suffered to sleep as if
it had a nightmare until the last days of the
session, and then it is tossed upon some appro-
priation bill.
That style of legislation does not meet my
approval. It does not commend a measure
largely to my admiration. If these measures
have merit enough in them to be considered
by themselves, and to meet the approval of
the Senate when there is time carefully to go
through them from beginning to end, then a
committee ought to bring them forward, and
we ought to consider them and do what ap-
pears to be right; but to wait until the last;
day of the session, when we have spent a quar-
ter of our time in recesses, and so on, when
we might have been attending to these things
if they had been thought worthy of attention,
and ride them on these deficiency bills, as it
appears to me, is very vicious legislation. I
do not want to be obliged at this last moment
to go through with this subject, and in order
to save the Senate from having to go over all
this thing again, as we shall, I move to lay
the amendment on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves to lay the amend-
ment on the table.
Mr. COLE. I do not think it ought to be
laid on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. COLE. I ask for th« yeas and nays;
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS -^-Messrs. Alcorn, Bayord, Brownlow, Car-
penter, Casserly, Chandler, Edmunds, Flanagan,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Hitchcock, Lewis, Logan, Momli of Vermont, Han-
som, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sehurz, Stewart, Tipton,
Wilson, and Wright—23.
