1206
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
The SPEAKER. The bill which the gen-
tleman has sent up has 110 number upon it,
and of course cannot be the bill recommitted
to the committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I will submit an
original report from the Committee of Claims
for the relief of Treadwell S. Ayres, of Mem-
phis, Tennessee.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Treadwell S. Ayres, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of $7,815 for rent of the Ayres block in
the city of Memphis, occupied by the military
authorities of the United States in Memphis,
Tennessee, in 1863.
Mr. HOLMAN". The report is a very short
one, and I hope it will be read, It is based
on a decision of the Court of Claims.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Do I under-
stand the gentleman from Indiana to state the
Committee of Claims recommended the pass-
age of this bill ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe the committee
authorized me to report the bill, but if there is
any doubt on the subject I will withdraw it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. None of us at
this time remember it, and I suggest to the
gentleman from Indiauathat he will withdraw
it for the present, until he can ascertain the
fact.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the report.
elijah purcell.
Mr. HOLMAN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely on the petition of Elijah
Purcell; and the same was laid on the table.
david stinger.
Mr. HOLMAN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely on the petition of Cap-
tain David Stinger, and moved that the same
be laid on the table.
Mr. CREBS. I move that the subject be re-
committed to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the petition ought
to be laid on the table, but out of deference
to my friend from Illinois, I do not object to
the recommittal.
The motion was agreed to; and the petition
was recommitted.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I now yield to
my colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. SMtTH.]
private property taken for public uses.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I am instructed
by the Committee of Claims to report back
the bill (H. R. No. 3278) for ascertaining the
compensation justly due to loyal citizens of
States not declared in insurrection, for private
property taken in time of war for public uses.
But ^ inasmuch as the consideration of this
bill is likely to provoke some discussion, and
operate to the exclusion of a number of pri-
vate bills which are still to be reported from
the committee, I ask the consent of the House
that this bill may be made a special order for
Tuesday next, after the morning hour, and
thereafter from day to day until disposed of.
I do not a,sk that this order may be made to
the exclusion of other special orders, or that
it shall stand in the way of reports of the
Committee on Appropriation. If this order
^ W1" Procee(i '° report some private
tJ*16 ^^ifERpro&mpore, [Mr- Dawks,]
lhis will require unanimous consent.
Mr. PLA IT. There is a special order
already for Ae day which the gentleman names.
(i, ?r.\ ^iew York- 1 do not ask
that the bill be made a special order to the
exclusion of all other orders; but that it be
made a special order to take its chance with
' the others.
Mr. BE ATT Y. I object.
„,¥r- RITCHIE. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will not object to this. We have been
patiently waiting here to have this subject con-
sidered, mouth after month and year after year.
Mr. POTTER. What is the bill? In this
part of the House we did not hear what bill
the gentleman was referring to.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. It is the bill
for ascertaining the compensation due for
property taken in time of war for public uses.
Mr. POTTER. I do not object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Beatty] objects.
peter dunn and others.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported back, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R.
No. 2816) for the relief of Peter Dunn and
others.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to compromise
the claim of the United States against Peter
Dunn and others, surviving obligors upon the
official bond of John B. Halsted, late collector
of internal revenue in, and for the twenty-
ninth district of New York, and the personal
representatives of the deceased obligors upon
such official bond, and to satisfy or cause to be
satisfied of record the judgment recently
recovered in the district court of the northern
district of New York against the sureties upon
the official bond upon payment of the amount
of the defalcation of the collector, Halsted,
together with the costs of the legal proceedings
thereon; the intention of the act being to re-
mit the interest, whether included in the judg-
ment or accruing since upon such defalcation.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. There were
about twenty obligors upon this bond. Hal-
sted was removed from office in 1867 as a
defaulter. His defalcation was not known to
hi8 sureties. At that time he had in his pos-
session property enough or nearly enough to
make good his defalcation. The prosecution
was delayed for about four years. During
that time four of the obligors deceased, and
the principal party lost his property. This
bill is drawn only to remit the interest on the
amount of this defalcation, for the reason that
the Government vvas somewhat in fault in not
diligently prosecuting the principal, from whom
they might have collected the amount of this
obligation. The committee recommend this
bill the more readily because we stand from
day to day as a breakwater against the allow-
ance of all claims for interest against the Gov-
ernment. Pour or five of these obligors are
over seventy years of age; one of them is
eighty years of age; all of them are men in
very moderate circumstances.
Mr. BIRD. I do not think the reasons
presented to the House for the passage of this
bill are sufficiently satisfactory. I understand
the practice to be different. According to the
showing of the gentleman himself, this is made
an exceptional case. The only reason for re-
mitting the interest, which it is admitted is
due, is some negligence on the part of the
Government in prosecuting. I understand
that the very object of taking securities is to
provide for every such circumstance, so that
in no event shall the Government be the loser
It was perhaps in mercy to the individual, the
defaulter, that he was not prosecuted more
promptly, in order to avoid an accrual of
costs.
1 do not understand that this has been the
practice ol the Government. And if it has
not been, why should we now establish any
such precedent? The hardship that will be
caused to these sureties is not the fault of the
Government. Such a pretense as that might
arise in every case. I thmk this bill should
not become a law.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. It is a very
frequent thing for the officers of the Govern-
ment to compromise claims of this kind. The
Wrequhea that to this compromise there
shall be the consent of the district attorney,
the becretary of the Treasury, and the Solicitor
ol the treasury. The misfortune is that the
property of these obligors is advertised for
sale within a very few days, and the time is so
short that there is no opportunity left to secure
the consent of parties.
Now, it is a principle of the common law
that the holder of an obligation of this kind
shall promptly prosecute the" principal or the
securities are discharged. If they did not call
upon the holder of the obligation to prosecute
the principal in this case, it is in proof that
the sureties were not aware of this defalca-
tion. The Government was aware of this
defalcation, and while the principal had in his
possession property enough, or nearly enough,
to make the Government whole, for four years
they remained inactive until the principal had
dissipated his property; and now these old
men of moderate means are to be driven home-
less into the streets. All they ask is precisely
what the Committee of Claims is awarding to
the Government every day, immunity from
interest.
There is no allegation of fault on the part of
these obligors whatever, while there was plain
and unmistakable laches on the part of the
Government in not diligently pressing their
claim.
I yield now to my colleague from New York,
[Mr. Wakeman.]
Mr. WAKEMAN. Mr. Speaker, the sure-
ties whom this bill proposes to relieve are citi-
zens of my own district. They are men in
moderate circumstances. They are willing,
although it will sweep away the homesteads
of some of them, to pay the amount for which
this collector was declared to be a defaulter.
If the matter had been disposed of promptly
by the Government, they would have been re-
lieved long ago. As it is, many of these sure-
ties have died, and others have removed from
the vicinity. The property is advertised for
sale, and these men will be driven out home-
less when they are willing to pay the original
amount of the defalcation. All we ask is that
the sureties shall be relieved from the amount
of the interest. I hope the bill will pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william l. utlhy.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, also, from the
same committee, reported back, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass, the bill (S. No.
1090) for the relief of William L. Utley.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
a third reading.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to the attorney of
record of George Robertson, of Kentucky, the
amount of a judgment rendered for said Rob-
ertson against William L. Utley. which judg-
ment was rendered in the circuit court for the
eastern district of Wisconsin on the 6th of
October, 1871, for the sum of $90,800 of debt
and $2,640 costs, together with interest on
such sums from the date of recovery, and shall
cause the said judgment to be discharged on
record.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. SMITH, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
colonel william northedge
Mr. SMITH, of New York, also, from the
same committee, reported a bill (H. R. No.
3862) for the relief of the heirs and next of
km of Colonel William Northedge, deceased :
which was read a first and second time.
'lhe question was upon ordering the'bill to
be engrossed and read a third time
