2166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Cole, Coop fir, Cor-
bett, Davis, Goldthwaite, Hill, Kelly, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Norwood, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice,
Spencer, Stevenson, Trumbull, Viekers, and
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Bore-
man, Caldwell, Cameron, Clayton, Conkling. Cragin,
Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Johnston,
Maohen, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool,
Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Stockton, Sum-
ner, Thurman, and Windom—31.
So the amendment was ordered to lie on the
table.
The next amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole was on page 27, after line
six hundred and forty-three, to insert the fol-
lowing:
To enable the Secretary of War to pay for ex-
penses incurred in suppressing Indian hostilities in
the Territory of Montana in the year 1867, to the
persons entitled thereto, the several amounts, as
reported upon by General James A. Hardie, under
the provisions of section ten of an act entitled "An
act making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government, and for other purposes, for the
year ending June 30,1870," approved July 15,1870;
and for that purpose there is hereby appropriated,
from any money in the Treasury of the United States
not otherwise appropriated, the sum of 8513,343, or
so much thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have neither the
strength nor the inclination to go over this
Montana claim again: but the Senate have
passed a bill on the subject, and I wish to call
the attention of my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] to the fact that this amendment re-
quires this appropriation to be made on these
several amounts as reported upon by Hardie.
The bill that has been passed cuts down those
amounts by a very considerable percentage, I
have forgetten how much; it was twenty or
thirty or forty per cent. I believe. If we pass
this act after the other, it will be insisted, and
I think strictly with legal propriety, that we
have now provided that the very amounts that
he has reported shall be paid, each one by
itself, that exact amount, when the provision
of the bill passed last night on the motion of
the Senator from Illiniois was that these ac-
counts were to be investigated in the Depart-
ment, and whatever deduction was made of
course should be made, and the balance paid.
Am I not right?
Mr. LOGAN. How is that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was calling attention tc
this amendment which provides that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is to pay the several
amounts as reported by General Hardie. Now,
I think the bill we passed did not fix the
amount as reported by him but the amount
ascertained on his report according to the cir-
cumstances and on the evidence, with a certain
razeeing.
Mr. LOGAN. Thebill provides for the pay-
ment of these claims, when presented, accord-
ing to the report of General Hardie. The
razeeing that the Senator speaks of was the
difference resulting from the fact that the
vouchers in reference to some of the claims
have not been presented; but so far as the
claim itself is concerned the bill provides for
its being paid according to that report, and the
committee of the House and of the Senate have
concurred in the amount.
Mr. COLE. I believe the claims originally
amounted to something over a million dollars,-
and before undertaking any settlement of them
the War Department detailed General Hardie
to make an investigation of the correctness of
the claims, and he did so by going to the
ground, into the Territory and into the States
where the claimants resided, and made hi:,
examination of them. The examination re-
sulted in his cutting them down to the sun-
named in the bill that passed last night am
that is named in this amendment, I am rathe-
inclined to think that the razeeing to whicl
the Senator from Vermont refers must have
been the razeeing that was done by Genera.
Hardie in his examination.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly, The bill pro
vides for the payment of the claims according
to the report of General Hardie. There are
a great many not reported favorably. He has
taken testimony and in some instances reduced
the claims one hundred per cent, in some
fifty, in some forty, in some twenty per cent.,
until they were reduced down to the amount
that now appears in his report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me make a suggestion
to the Senator from Illinois which I think will
be satisfactory to him, as I do not want to have
any further controversy about the substance
of this matter. I propose to amend this
amendment by inserting after the word " pay,"
in line six hundred and forty-four, these words:
" according to the act upon that subject passed
at the present session of Congress," &c., so
that that shall be a guide, and then strike out
the words " several amounts as."
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to that.
Mr. COLE. I have no objection to that.
Indeed I think it very judicious and proper.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment now under consideration by insert-
ing in line six hundred and forty-four, after the
word "pay," the words "according to the act
upon that subject passed at the present session
of Congress," and then to strike out in line six
hundred and forty-seven the words " the sev-
eral amounts as" and insert "the claims;"
so as to read, " to the persons entitled thereto
the claims reported upon by General James A.
Hardie so that the consecutive text will be:
To enable the Secretary of War to pay according
to the act upon that subject passed at the present
session of Congress, for expenses incurred in sup-
pressing Indian hostilities in the Territory of Mon-
tana in the year 1867, to the persons entitled thereto,
the claims reported upon by General James A. Har-
die, ko.
Mr. COLE. That is right.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was concurred
in.
The next amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole was to strike out on page 28,
commencing in line six hundred and seventy,
the following words:
To reimburse S. Wolf, recorder of deeds for the
Distriot of Columbia, for certain books of record
and indexes purchased by him for the use of his
office in the years 1871 and 1872, $1,650.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. COLE. Oil the line jast preceding, in
line six hundred and sixty-eight, I move to
strike out the words ' 'and the public binding
so as to read, ''for the public printing,
$50,000."
Mr. WEST. Will the Senator from Cal-
ifornia explain to us how we are to have any
binding done?
Mr. COLE. There is enough for that with-
out this; and this clause is to provide simply
for the public printing.
Mr. WEST. That is enough.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the next amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
The next amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole was on page 28, line six
hundred and eighty-four, to strike out "the
warden and vestry of Washington parish, Dis-
trict of Columbia, $2,000," ana insert the
word "and," and in line six hundred and
eighty, after " District of Columbia," to insert
'' $2,000;" so as to make the clause read:
For repair and improvement of the Congressional
Cemetery, to be expended under the direction of
and on vouchers to bo approved by the officer in
charge of public buildings and grounds of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, S2,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
! of the Whole was on page 30, line seven hun-
dred and fifteen, to strike out from line seven
hundred and fifteen to seven hundred and
nineteen, as follows:
To provide for printing certificates for the use of
the board of finance of tho commission charged with
arranging for the approaching centennial anni-
versary of the Declaration of Independence, $20,300.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. RANSOM. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment relative to the
Creek orphan fund was laid on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from North Carolina moves to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment in relation to
the Creek orphan Indian fund was laid on the
table.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope that motion 
Mr. EDMUNDS. The motion is not de-
batable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. STEVENSON. A motion to recon-
sider ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is a
motion to reconsider a vote laying an amend-
ment on the table, and partakes of the same
character as the motion to lay on the table.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed
to—ayes twelve, noes not counted.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the-Whole was on page 32, to insert after
line seven hundred and sixty-three:
To enable the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House of
Representatives to pay to each Representative in
the Forty-First Congress from the State of Georgia
such sum as shall make his pay equal to that re-
ceived by P. M. B. Young as a Representative in
said Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
inserted.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 18, noes 13 ; no quorum voting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is
evidently a quorum present, and the Chair will
divide the Senate again.
The question being again put, there were
on a division—ayes 24, noes 14.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole was on page 32, to insert
after line seven hundred and eighty-five the
following clause:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
the bearer of the contesting^ electoral vote of the
State of Louisiana tho sum of §638 is hereby appro-
priated out of the appropriation heretofore made to
pay the regular messengers.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 35, section three,
after line eleven, to insert the following :
To supply deficiency in the appropriation for
registered package envelopes for the Post Office
Department for the fiscal year ending June 30,1872,
811,053 02.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 35, section three,
after line fifteen, to insert:
For balance on salaries of postmasters for the
year ending June 30,1873, $184,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
that explained. How comes it that the sala-
ries of postmasters are deficient when we have
appropriated a deficiency for the post office
in tho regular appropriation bill every year of
six or seven millions, besides the postal reve-
nues. Does it appear that the Pest Ofi'ict,
besides this standing deficiency appropriation,
has run by on the salaries of postmasters
alone to the extent of $184,000? I should
like to have somebody explain thai.
Mr. RAMSEY. The adjustim nt of salaries
took place under the law, and it was then dis-
covered that the appropriation made in the
law of last year was not sufficient. That fact
was known to the committee of the House of
Representatives, and they are m favor ol this
increase of appropriation. I have no other
information about it. The chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations understands the
matter, and is able to give any information
necessary.
Mr. COLE. I think this is a deficiency that
