1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
us look at it. The Senator from Massachu-
setts has stated very clearly the position taken
bv the French. I take his own language,
because I prefer to come as near as we can
to ihix point of the controversy. He says
that when our ministers met those of the
French in 1800 they were met by aii ultima-
tum. France was then much exhilarated by
victory. It was at the very time or on the
eve of the battle of Marengo. Napoleon was
about to pass off to his magnificent conquests
and great victories. 1 think it was during
his absence, when the French were naturally
elated with the progress of events, that this
treaty was negotiated and our ministers were
met by this ultimatum, as stated by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and as is also shown
by the official documents I have before me.
" And this communication concluded with a for-
mal proposition in these words: ' Bitherth« ancient
treaties, with the privileges resulting from priority
and the .-tipulation of reciprocal indemnities, or a
new treaty without indemnity.'"
Mark it, Mr. President, the French submit-
ted to us either of these things: "If you will
make over with us the treaties of 1778 with all
the stipulations contained in them, and being
made now with a recognition that this is the
kind of war that is recited in the treaties, we
will pay your indemnities." That is, "If you
will acknowledge that you have been wrong in
all ibis coutroversy, and that we were right in
making reprisals, we will refund the value of
these reprisals and restore the ancient trea-
Or the other alternative was "a new
treaty without indemnity." There was the
Mliernp.tive. What was the result of the nego-
iftrsou? We accepted the latter alternative.
1 hat is all there was of it. They would not
pay one dollar of these indemnities and ut-
terly refused. The minister who negotiated
this treaty said he would resign first, and he
treated it with indignity when we proposed
indemnities without a renewal of the treaties.
I had the language among the papers, but I
cannot now turn to it without occupying time.
He said he would never regard the indemni-
ties, would not pay them.
Here was the ultimatum of France: "Give
us the old treaties, take sides with us in the
v/ar which we are waging against England and
all the nations of Europe, renew the old alli-
ance, and then we will pay your indemnity;
acknowledge that you were wrong, abandon
the policy of Washington, renew the old trea-
ties, open your ports to our privateers, and
then we will pay the indemnities. If you do
not, then we will 'make a new treaty with you
without indemnities." And we accepted the
latter proposition. Various propositions were
made back and forth. It is said that we
offered them something like two or three mil-
lion francs ($600,000) for their pretended
claim under the old treaties. Suppose we did,
had we not the right to buy peace on these
terms without making ourselves responsible
for all the depredations committed by the
French? Suppose we offered them ten mil-
lions to release us from theBe old treaties, would
that make any difference? They refused our
offer of three million francs. They would not
do it. They made various offers to us. They
were finally rejected and the treaty of 1800
was made.
The question comes up before our plenipo-
tentiaries, can we make a new treaty with
France upon a basis consistent with the law
of nations without securing indemnities and
without any reference to the old treaties. |
This was the alternative, and this was what j
they did. Well, then, what shall we do about )
the old treaties, the French insisting on their
claim about the old treaties, and we insisting
upon our claim for indemnities? Finally some
one made the proposition, " Let us postpone j
it; at some future time, perhaps, we can ne- ;
gotiate about it." There was the substance
of article two contained in the draft of the
treaty that was sent to Washington. I will read
it in a moment. They could not agree. "What
shall we do, then, about these old things?
Shall we say nothing and drop the subject, or
shall we say that at some future time, it may
be, we will negotiate when it is convenient;
you for your claims uuder the old treaties,
and we for our claims about indemnity?" That
was the proposition. In the mean time they
all agreed that it was necessary to have a new
treaty, and they made a new treaty.
In the very second article, by which they
postponed to an indefinite time all the talk
about indemnities aud all the talk about the
old treaties, they recited that the old treaties
were done away with, and went on to make a
new treaty. Yet at the same time in that
second article they postponed the considera-
tion of the indemnities claimed by the French
under the old treaties and the indemnities
claimed by our citizens, thus showing a pur-
pose to do what the French proposed in their
ultimatum—abandon these old controversies
and commence anew. In that spirit they
adopted the second article of the treaty, which
I will now read and show to the Senate that it
is entirely consistent with my view of the case,
and yet it is upon the striking out of this arti-
cle that this whole claim rests :
" Aet.II. The ministers plenipotentiary of the two
parties, not being able toa^ree at present respecting
the treaty of alliance of iilsbruary 6, 1778, the treaty
of amity and commerce of the same date, and the
convention of 14th of November, 1788, nor upon the
indemnities mutually due or claimed, the parties
will negotiate further on these subjects at a con-
venient time, and until they may have agreed upon
these points the said treaties and convention shall
have no operation, and the relations of the two
countries shall be regulated as follows."
They could not agreee upon repealing the
treaties. We declared them null and void,
but they said we will negotiate about all these
matters at some time, it may be in the far
future, when it is convenient; but in the mean
time the new treaty goes on and prescribes
the relations that should exist between France
and the United States. In other words, they
abandoned the whole theories of claims on
both sides, without any connection with each
other. Now, unless we were bound to pros-
ecute our claims in favor of our citizens to
the final ultimatum between all nations, to a
general and universal war, we had gone to the
tether, to the extent of our liability.
Kow, the question is, can we abandon such
claims short.of actual war, because that this
was an abandonment is shown by the plain
language. It was a diplomatic way of doing
it; and, as I will show presently, the Senate
preferred a mortf direct way ; but it was a
diplomatic way of abandoning all these claims
on gsounds of public policy, not on the ground
of an assumption or a contract, but simply
from an inability to get France to pay these
claims short of our recognizing a state of facts
that would be utter destruction to the national
Government.
Mr. PATTERSON. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question simply for informa-
tion?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. PATTERSON. He has stated that
our Government pressed the claims of private
citizens almost, if not quite, up to the point of
war. Therefore, of course, our Government
assumed the justice of these claims. Then
in the treaty of 1800 they offset these claims
of private citizens against claims that France
had on this Government. Now, did not our
Government thereby lay itself under obliga-
tion to meet the claims of these citizens?
Mr. SHERMAN. There was nothing like
an offset. France could not convince us that
we were wrong except by conquering us, and
we never would have restored the obligation
of the old treaties except at the end of a gen-
eral war. We pressed our claims against
France to actual seizure and capture, but we
could not convince her that she ought to pay,
and therefore we abandoned the claims of our
Citizen 8
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
will excuse me, I should like to have him set-
tle this question ; sometimes he talks of press-
ing our claims to capture, and again he says
we pressed them to war. Will the Senator
now say frankly whether he means that we did
go to war with France on these claims or not,
or did it come short of war, because a great
question hangs on that?
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that the question
whether the acts of the Government of the
United States amounted to war or not, is one
of the great questions debated in this contro-
versy, but it is not the turning point of the
controversy in my judgment. These claims
were discharged by war, I will state to the
Senator, but I do not put the case on that
ground because I am discussiug it in another
view.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I under-
stand the Senator to say that we did go to war
with France on these claims.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it was war. If
it was not war, I do not know what it was.
When we captured their vessels, I am inclined
to think that was a state of war as defined by
the law of nations. That is a question which
has been much debated. Mr. Webster and
Mr. Wright had one of the most interesting
debates on that subject that is probably to be
found in our congressional history. Mr.
Wright insisted, the whole weight of his argu-
ment in the debate of 1836 was that war, actual,
decisive war, extinguished these claims, and
therefore that there was nothing to negotiate
about. Mr. Webster, on the other hand, insisted
that these were only acts of peace consistent
with a state of peace ; and they had a very
learned discussion as to what was war and what
peace. Mr. Wright would describe some of
the acts of war and would ask Mr. Webster
"Is this peace?" Mr. Webster would describe
some of the acts of negotiation, eating dinners,
friendly exchauge of compliments between the
French and American ministers, and would
ask "Is this war?" Upon an arena in which
men likeWright and Webster debated, in which
they had a difference of opinion, I do not think
it becomes any of us to express any very de-
cided opinion about it, and I do not think it
material at all to this controversy. I have
avoided that discussion because it would lead
me into a long argument as to the state of facts
and as to the various acts of depredation, cap-
ture, seizure, &c., that were done and com-
mitted by the two several Governments.
Now, Mr. President, I find on reference to
what Mr. Chancellor Bibb says in regard to the
obligations of the United States just the con-
dition of affairs we found France in in 1800:
" But for damages caused by a foreign Power no
right accrues to the citizen to demand and have com-
pensation from his own Government. In such case
the sovereign ought to interpose, as far as the situa-
tion of affairs and the common interests and safety
will permit, to aid the citizen in demanding and re-
ceiving satisfaction from such foreign Power. The
Government ought to show an equitable regard for
such suffering of the citizen; but the extent to which
that regard shall be indulged is a question of sound
policy, to be judged by the State. The right of the
citizen in this behalf belongs to the class of imper-
fect obligations."
Then he goes on:
" When we consider the conduct of the Sovern-
ment from 1793 down to the ratification of the treaty
of 1800—the condition of the United States, (not
then recovered from the exhaustion of the Revolu-
tion,) the assiduity and good faith with which these
claims were pressed upon the consideration of the
French Government, the want of success, the cause
of that quasi war, the great expenditures of the
Government, the dangers of being drawn into the
vortex of the European war as a belligerent, the
great losses to flow to the community from persist-
ing, and the prospect then presented to the view of
that generation—we may well concluda that the
Government would have been well justified in
abandoning these claims for the purpose of extri-
cating the community from a perilouscondition.
" It cannot be admitted that the Government is
bound to be the insurer of the commercial adven-
tures of its citizens against the acts of foreign Gov-
ernments; that private claims upon foreign Powers
must be pursued by war ad interneeionem reipubhc&e,
or the citizen be compensated out of the public
treasury at home, if the foreign aggressor cannot be
compelled to make retribution. The community is
bound to take care that no injury arises to the citi-
