1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1207
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the^ Treasury to pay to the personal repre-
sentatives of William Northedge, deceased,
who shall be duly appointed and qualified as
such, for the benefit of the widow and children
of said deceased William Northedge, the sum
of $7,500 in full for moneys expended by him
in subsisting and equipping the fifty-ninth regi-
ment Now York State volunteers.
The bill_ was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john ahern.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3863)
for the relief of John Ahern ; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to John Ahern, of Albany, New
York, the sum of $4,623 36, in full payment
of his claim for additional compensation for
subsisting troops during the recent war at the
military rendezvous at Albany, New York.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james b. armstrong.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, also, from the
same committee, reported a bill (H. E. No.
3864) for the relief of the heirs at law and
next of kin of James B. Armstrong, deceased;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to the heirs at law and next of kin
of James B. Armstrong, late of Cameron
county, Texas, in such proportion as, under
the statute of distribution or laws of Texas
they may beentitled to, the sum of $17,846 78,
in full for all sums due the estate of said de-
ceased as damages for breach of contract
entered into by the said James B. Armstrong
with the United States, June 14, 1855, for
transportation of men, provisions, munitions
of war, &c., upon the Rio Grande, for which
aforesaid sum the Court of Claims reported a
bill to Congress, on December 18, 1860; pro-
vided, however, that before any such pay-
ment be made proof satisfactory to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall be made that the
said heirs at law and next ol kin, or such
thereof as shall demand their aliquot shares
under and by virtue of this act., remained
loyal to the cause and Government of the
United States during the war of the rebellion :
and provided further that if proof satisfactory
to the Secretary of the Treasury shall be
made that such, heirs at law and next of kin
are entitled to said sum, or to any part thereof,
as aforesaid, and that the administrators of
James B. Armstrong, deceased, appointed on
the 25th of January, 1858, by the probate court
of Cameron county, Texas, have not been dis-
charged from their trusts as administrators,
and Save given adequate security for the funds
of the estate collected by them, and it is a sub-
sisting and valid security to said heirs and next
of kin for the sum which shall be received by
them under this act, then the sum to which
such heirs at law and next of km may be en-
titled to under the provisions of this act may
be paid to such administratois.
Mr. BIRD. I ask that the report 111 this
case may be read.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. There is no
report.
Mr. BIRD. I would like to hear some-
thing about the bill from the gentleman who
reports it.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. The report of
the Court of Claims shows that before the
breaking out of the war there was a judgment,
under the old law instituting the Court of
Claims, in favor of James B. Armstrong against
the Government for damages for breach of
contract for carrying men, arms, munitions of
war, &c., on the Rio Grande, for the amount
contained in this bill. The attorney in that
case was J. B. D. DeBow, who, as the gentle-
man from New Jersey [Mr. Bird] will remem-
ber, was the editor of the Southern Review.
That bill was reported to Congress by the
Court of Claims, but it was not passed or
pressed by reason of the breaking out of the
war. The attorney for the claimant supported
the confederate States government, and died
about the close of the war. This judgment
has never been paid. It is a valid and sub-
sisting obligation against the Government of
the United States. This bill provides that the
amount of the judgment shall be paid to the
heirs and next of km of James B. Arms.rong,
deceased; about the justice and right of which
there seems, in the view of the committee,
that there can be no question whatever, 1
now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered; and, under the
operation thereof, the bill was ordered to a
third reading; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
nathaniel m'jkay.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, also, from the
same committee, reported a bill (II. It. No.
3865) for the relief of Nathaniel McKay; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that the claim
of Nathaniel McKay, of Boston, Massachusetts,
for further compensation for the construction
of the light-draught monitor Squando, may
be submitted by him within six months after
the passage of the act to the Court of Claims,
under and in compliance with the rules and
regulations of the court, which shall have
jurisdiction to hear and determine and render
judgment upon the same. The investigation
is to be made upon the following basis : the
court is to ascertain the additional cost which
was necessarily incurred by the contractor for
building the light-draught monitor Squando, in
the completion of the same, by reason of any
changes or alterations in the plans and speci-
fications required, and delays in the prosecution
of the work, which were not provided for in
the original contract; but no allowance for any
advance in the price of labor or material is
to be considered, unless such advance occurred
during the prolonged term for completing
the work rendered necessary by the delay re-
sulting from the action of the Government,
and then only when such advance could not
have been avoided by the exercise of ordinary
prudence and diligence on the pait of the con-
tractor. The compensation fixed by the con-
tract between the contractor and the Govern-
eminent for specific alterations is to be conclu-
sive as to the compensation to be made there-
for ; and all moneys paid to the con tractor by
the Government over and above the original
contract price for the building of the vessel are
to be deducted from any amounts allowed by
the court by reason of the matters hereinbefore
stated. If any of such changes caused less
work and expense to the contractor than the
original plans and specifications, a correspond-
ing reduction is to be made from the contract
price, and the amount thereof deducted from
any allowance to be made by the court to the
claimant.
Mr. WOOD. This is a very long bill, pre-
scribing various regulations under which this
claim is to be submitted to the Court of Claims.
It is an old claim of about ten years' standing,
and I would like to know upon what ground
the committee report it to the House.
_Mr. SMITH, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
this bill prescribes for the adjustment of this
claim the rules which have been embodied in
two bills heretofore passed by both Houses of
Congress. The object of the bill is to remove
this case from Congress and submit it to, the
Court of Claims, where it is to be adjusted and
determined upon the principles settled in the
several acts heretofore passed, where the Gov-
ernment may appear by attorney, and where
witnesses may be orally examined. In addi-
tion to the provisos embraced in previous acts,
the committee has inserted in this bill three
additional provisos, which will render it utterly
impossible for the claimant to recover through
the Court of Claims one cent to which he is not
justly entitled.
Mr. WOOD. I have no wish to antagonize
this particular bill; but it seems to me the
House is paying no attention to business before
it. We are passing nem. con., without listen-
ing even to the reading of the bills, everything
that the committee is reporting. This partic-
ular measure is one of a class of cases in
which extra compensation is sought by the
builders of monitors. In my judgment these
men have already had all they are entitled to ;
yet, though it is nearly ten years since the
close of the war, we are still paying these con-
tractors in Boston, New York, and other
places, large amounts to which I think their
claim is certainly doubtful. I know nothing
about this particular case; but I wish to call
the attention of the House to the business
before it; for I think we are passing bills with-
out knowing what we are doing.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and.being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
donald m'ka¥.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, also, from the
same committee, reported a bill (H. R. No.
3866) for the relief of Donald McKay; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that the claim
of Donald McKay, of Boston, Massachusetts,
for further compensation for the construction
of the light-draught monitor Nanset and side-
wheel steamer Ashuelot may be submitted by
McKay, within six months after the passage
of this act, to the Court of Claims, under and
in compliance with the rules and regulations
of the court, which shall have jurisdiction to
hear and determine and render judgment upon
the same. The investigation of the claim is to
be made upon the following basis; the court
is to ascertain the additional cost which was
necessarily incurred by the contractor for
building the light-draught monitor Nanset
and side-wheel steamer Ashuelot, in the com-
pletion of the same, by reason of any changes
or alterations in the plans and specifications
required, and delays in the prosecution of the
work, which were not provided for in the ori-
ginal contract; but no allowance for any ad-
vance m the price of labor or material is to be
considered, unless sueh advance occurred dur-
ing the prolonged term for completing the work
rendered necessary by the delay resulting from
the action of the Government, and then ouly
when such advance could not have been
avoided by the exercise of ordinary prudence
and diligence on the part of the contractor.
The compensation fixed by the contract be-
tween the contractor and the Government for
