1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2167
has arisen by reason of the establishment of
new post offices. It is recommended by the
Department, I believe.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator please
read the recommendation?
Mr. COLE. I have it not by me, but the
Senator knows very well that there was a re-
adjustment of the compensation of postmasters
under a bill, that passed last year, and it is
owing to that that this snm is asked.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very sorry that the
chairman of this committee cannot give us the
documents containing the estimate upon which
this sum of money is put in. I have no doubt
he has it, but it will be something of a consola-
tion to the rest of us to hear it read.
Mr. WEST. If it be any satisfaction to the
Senator from Vermont, I am perhaps to some
extent responsible for the mislaying of this
paper. It was committed to me by the Post-
master General; and he states that in the
deficiency bill, which was offered here just
prior to the recess for the Christmas holidays,
he offered all the' estimates for deficiencies,
but the Senate and the House failed to act
upon them at that time, and this is to make
up for such deficiencies as exist in conse-
quence of the laws of the Unfted States. The
law providing that the salaries and compensa-
tion of postmasters should be adjusted every
two years, they were adjusted on the first of
July.
Not anticipating that the Senator from Ver-
mont would make a point on this question by
reason of the mislaying or loss of a recom-
mendation from the Department, no particular
care was taken to preserve it, or perhaps if we
had a few minutes we might find it; but the fact
is that the law provides that the salaries of
postmasters shall be adjusted once in every
two years. The Post Office appropriation bill for
last year did not provide enough money to pay
for tliem under the new adjustment. The Post-
master General was obliged to comply with the
law and make a new adjustment, with the re-
sult of a deficiency as specified in the bill of
$184,000. Having provided that we would
pay these men under this adjustment, is it not
right that we should supply the money to do so 1
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know but that it
is right. That is exactly what I was trying to
find out. If I am offensive to the committee in
merely asking them to explain these little items
of one or two hundred thousand dollars at a
time, then I apologize with all humility; but if
I am right in asking for information, I should be
very glad to get it, and we have got some. I
shall not make a point on account of the loss
of a paper; but the whole thing seems to re-
sult in a loss, because we increase these defi-
ciences every year. But my friend has stated
one fact which had escaped my recollection,
and that is that we have had one deficiency
bill from the Post Office Department at this
very session in respect to which the Senator
states an estimate was presented for this very
item, and the two Houses did not think proper
to put it in, having the papers before them.
This bill comes from the House now without
it, and we are asked to put it in without any-
thing but the statement of the Postmaster
General to my friend from Louisiana. ^ It may
be right; I am not making a point on it; I am
only asking to be able to understand why it is
that we are appropriating this sum of money.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will say to the Senator
from Vermont that the House committee did
agree to put it in, and it was a mere omission
that it was not put in the bilk They consid-
ered the matter and agreed to it.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 36, after line eigh-
teen, to insert the following:
To enable the Postmaster General to pay the ex-
penses incurred in 1866 in fitting up the post office
at Charleston, South Carolina, $1,430 05.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like a little
information about that. At the risk of being
thought intrusive, I will ask the chairman to
explain that item to us. It is now seven
years old.
Mr. COLE. The member of the committee
from South Carolina can explain that, I think,
probably to the entire satisfaction of the Sena-
tor from Vermont; that is if he is susceptible
of being satisfied with anything that is very
reasonable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not quite satisfied
with the explanation as far as I have got it. I
may get a better one.
Mr. SAWYER. I will state that this is for
the sum spent in fitting up in the year 1866
the post-office in Charleston, for which vouch-
ers were duly forwarded to the Post Office
Department in January, 1867, but which were
mislaid and never again discovered until last
summer, and then only after a search which I
instituted myself, knowing that they had been
sent there at the time. Meanwhile the appro-
priation for that year of course had lapsed
into the Treasury, and it was impossible to pay
them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a satisfactory
explanation.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. COLE. I have the letter of the Post-
master General in relation to the previous item
regarding salaries of postmasters, but I sup-
pose it is too late to consider it now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That has passed now.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 36, section four,
after line twenty-nine, to insert the following:
For one month's salary of the lato Charles H. W.
Meehan, assistant librarian, for the month of July,
1872, to be paid to Mary M. Meehan, his widow,
$210 60.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was on page 86, section four,
after line thirty-three, to insert the following:
There shall be paid, out of any moneys not other-
wise appropriated, to Horatio Seymour. James G.
Blaine, James Brown, and Enoch C. Wines, thesum
of $10,000, in trust, for the National Prison Associa-
tion oftheUnited States of America; andit shall be,
and hereby is, made the duty of the said association,
with tho money thus appropriated, to collect, in all
the States and Territories of the Union, the fullest
criminal, penitentiary, and reformatory statistics
attainable, and to report to the President the result
of their investigations on this subject and other
points connected with the penal and reformatory
institutions of the country.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not rise to oppose
this amendment, but only to state to the Sen-
ate that according to the best of my recollec-
tion we have already passed in a bill this year
in substance precisely that proposition, only
directing the Department of Justice that is
charged with the criminal jurisprudence of
the United States to do this very thing. _ Now
if we wish to go to the expense of doing it
twice over in the same year, I am not going to
take uptime in objecting.
Mr. COLE. I trust my friend from Ver-
mont will point out to us the place wherein
this has been done. I do not remember it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will do it if the Sen-
ator will give me time.
Mr. COLE. I will accomodate him with
time as he did me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will take till toward
morning to hunt over the bills and find out
which one contains it. If my friend wants me
to do that I will go on.
The question being put, the Presiding Officer
declared that the ayes appeared to prevail.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am so sure that we
have provided for this by law before that I
must ask for a division.
Mr. COLE. Will the Chair be so kind as
to call the attention of the Senate to the ques-
tion before a division is had 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has stated the question to be, will the Senate
concur in the amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, which will be read again?
The amendment was read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As this amendment is
read I wish to repeat what I said, as the Senate
did not pay attention to what I said before.
The object which this amendment has in
view I am fully in favor of; but I stated before
and I state now that, according to my recol-
lection, though I cannot tell the particular bill
it was in, we have already provided by law in
some one of the bills we have passed that the
Department of Justice shall make these same
inquiries. If we have, the question is whether
it is wise to go outside of the regular official
administration of the Government to get this
class of information and commence setting up
what will be an additional bureau, (because
we all know by experience that when you once
start on this one year you keep it up,) so as to
have a double inquiry made. The Depart-
ment of Justice, having been now erected, is
charged with all the criminal jurisprudence of
the united States, and that Department being
the official organ of the Government it seems
to me is the true means which ought to be em-
ployed to obtain for the information of- Con-
gress the criminal statistics of the United
States.
The PBESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter.) The Senator from Vermont will
pardon a suggestion from the Chair. The
recollection of the present occupant of the
chair is that such a bill was considered in the
Committee on the Judiciary, but reported
against.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There was no separate
bill. I feel perfectly safe in saying this from
the fact that I have had a conversation with
the Attorney General about it and it was re-
ferred to as being in a bill that had passed. I
may be mistaken, however. But besides this
duplication of the thing, I do submit to the Sen-
ate that as we have our own Department of
Justice, which covers this whole subject of the
criminal jurisprudence and the criminal pun-
ishments of the United States, it should be
the organ to obtain this information. I sub-
mit that to the judgment of Senators who are
in favor, as I am, of having this information
acquired.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I happened to
be in the committee when this proposition was
considered and gave it my approval on the
statement of several distinguished gentlemen
who have taken a very deep interest in this
general subject of prison discipline and prison
reform for many years, among whom was Mr. ^
Wines, a very benevolent, philanthropic, and
intelligent gentleman, who has contributed of
his own substance a very considerable sum of
money from first to last in this enterprise.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This does not do him any
good. The money is to him and the others in
trust.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I only speak of
him. It is not an appropriation for him; he
would scorn that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But in the
spirit of this movement he came to interest
Congress to give it the facilities which it might
have through this instrumentality. Governor
Seymour was also before the committee. And
on the whole, although the committee hesi-
tated, as my friend from Vermont seems to do,
whether this was the best thing, whether the
Government should not do it itself, it was sug-
gested that whatever the Government might,
do, these benevolent gentlemen had a great deal
of information in their possession which the
Government would not have, and if this asso-
ciation could be assisted' by the Government
to this extent, it might advance a cause that I
am sure we are all in favor of. In this view
the committee yielded to the solicitations of
these gentlemen, as well as acting in harmony
with their own convictions, and proposed to
appropriate this small sum. That is all there
is of it.
Mr. STEVENSON. The reason why these
four distinguished gentlemen are named is
that they were recently at a public convention
