THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
gpecifie alterations is to be conclusive as to
the compensation to be made therefor; and
all moneys paid to the contractor by the Gov-
ernment over and above the original contract
price for the building of the vessels are to be
deducted from any amounts allowed by the
eonrt by reason of the matters hereinbefore
stated. If any of such changes caused less
work and expense to the contractors than the
original plans and specifications, a correspond-
ing reduction is to be made from the contract
price, and the amount thereof deducted from
any allowance to be made by the court to the
elaimant.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM WEBSTER.
Mr. FRYE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back a bill (S. No. 940) for the relief
of William Webster, of Maine, with (he rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to William Webster, of Maine, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of $4,208 33, the same being
due him for building and keeping in repair a
wharf within the military district of Virginia,
under a contract with the quartermaster's
department at Fortress Monroe, during the
late rebellion.
The bill w&s Ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motiori was agreed to.
LIZZIE GILMER.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (S. No. 610) for the re-
lief of Lizzie Gilmer, postmaster at Pittsfield,
Illinois, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
Ihe bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Auditor for the Post Office De-
partment to place to the credit of Lizzie Gil-
mer, the postmaster at Pittsfield, Illinois, in
the* adjustment oi her accounts with the Post
Office Department, the sum of $548, being
the amount of postage stamps stolen from the
safe of said office, by burglars, on the night of
the 30th of July, 1871.
The bill was ordered to a third reading. It
was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. FEYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
s K. WARD.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported hack a bill (S. No. 1142) for the
relief ot S. E. Ward, with the lecommenda-
tioii that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary ot the Treasury, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated; to pay to S. E. Ward the sum
of $445 35 in full of his claim against the
United States for supplies furnished Big Ribs
and his party, Sioux Indians, in October,
w? ' Pursuant t0 the special order of General
Wheaton, commanding officer of the district
of Nebraska.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latler motion was agreed to.
FREDERICK BOEHMLER.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (S. No. 884) for the relief
of the sureties of Frederick Boehmler, of the
State of Iowa, with the recommendation that
it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that a
certain judgment rendered in the district court
of the Slate ot Iowa for the district of Iowa,
at the city of Dubuque, at the April term,
1870, and rendered final in October of that
year for the sum of $4,000, against Frederick
Boehmler and his sureties upon his bond, to
appear to answer an indictment against him
for stealing money from letters at Cedar Falls
while postmaster at that place, be ordered
satisfied and canceled as to the sureties, and
the proper officers shall enter satisfaction
thereon ; provided that the sureties shall pay
all costs in said case, including the fees of
the attorneys of the United States,
Mr. RANDALL. Is there a report in this
case ?
Mr. FRYE. Perhaps I can state much
more briefly. Mr. Boehmler was a postmaster
in some county in the West, and stole $4,000
from letters. He was arrested, held to bail,
and his father furnished frieuds to secure them
as his bail. He, without any consent or con-
nivance on the part of his lather, ran away.
The result was that judgment was obtained
against the sureties. The father in the mean
time paid every dollar of the $4,000 that was
stolen, but the judgment stands to-day against
the sureties. Now, the whole of his property
is mortgaged for those sureties. Every dollar
ever stolen is paid. The old man furnished
live sons in the war of the late rebellion, two
of whom were killed ; and in his old age he
ought to get this relief.
Mr. RANDALL. It seems he does not owe
anything. The bill ought to pass.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
R. H. PRATT.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (S. No. 549) for the relief
of R. H. Pratt.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to R. H.
Pratt, first lieutenant tenth cavalry, out of
any money in the Treasury not other wise appro-
priated, the sum of $200, or so much thereof
as he should prove to the satisfaction of the
Interior Department that the horse was worth,
for ^ horse stolen from him by Comanche
Indians in 1869.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
D. I! ALLEN AND COMPANY.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (b. No. 3-49) to provide for
the payment of D. B. Allen & Co. for services
m carrying the United States Mails.
The bill was read.
Mr. RANDALL. This is an old claim. I
raise the point of order that as the bill makes
an appropriation, it should have its first con-
sideration ,n Committee of the Whole.
1 ho SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order, and the bill goes
to the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
GEORGE WRIGHT.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (S. No. 239) for the relief
of George Wright.
The bill was read.
. Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order that the bill contains an appropri-
ation, and should have its first cousideration
in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order, and the bill goes
to the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
LARRABEE AND ALLEN.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 3867) for the relief
of Larro.bee & Allen, of Maine ; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that the
claim of Larrabee & Allen, of Bath, Maine,
for further compensation for Lhe construction
of the double-end side-wheel gunboat lasco
may be submitted by said Larrabee & Allen
within six months of the passage of this act
to the Court of Claims, under and m com-
pliance with the rules and regulations of said
court; and said court shall have jurisdiction
to hear and determine and render judgment
upon the same; provided, however, that the
investigation of said claim shall be made
upon the following basis: the said court
shall ascertain the additional cost which was
necessarily incurred by the contractors for
building the double-end side-wheel gunboat
lasco in the completion ofthe same, by reasons
of any changes or alterations in the plans and
specifications, and extra works and materials
furnished beyond and independent of the
original contract in their behalf made, in the
construction of the said vessel, and delays in
the prosecution of the work, which were not
provided for in the original contract, as also
damage occasioned by the delay of the Gov-
ernment in furnishing necessary drawings,
specifications and insti uctions, and machinery.
But no allowances for any advances in the
prices of labor and materials shall be consid-
ered, unless such advances occurred during
the prolonged time of completing the work,
rendered necessary by the delay resulting
from the action and negligence of the Govern-
ment aforesaid, and then only when such
advances could not have been avoided by the
exercise of ordinary prudence and diligence
on the part of the contractors; and provided
further, that the compensation fixed by the
contract between the contractors and the Gov-
ernment tor specific alterations shall be con-
clusive as to compensation to be made there-
for; and provided further, that if any of said
changes caused less working expenses to the
contractors than the original plans and speci-
fications, a corresponding deduction shall be
made from the contract price, and the amount
thereof deducted from the allowances to be
made by said court to said contractors.
i he bill was_ ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and beiug engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr._ FRYE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PORTLAND COMPANY.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 3868) for the re-
nd of the Portland Company, of Portland,
Maine ; which was read a first and second
time.
