1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
treaty itself in all its terms was a release from
it, and unless the postponement of this con-
troversy to some indefinite future was a bur-
den that the Senate were anxious to get rid of
there was no consideration.
Sir, the only motive for striking out that
second article in the Senate was a desire to
end, once for all, all the hard controversies
between France and the United States, to start
anew on the field of friendship and amity, to
open again the kindest affections and warmest
feeliugs of gratitude which still lingered in the
heart of the American people when the name
of France was mentioned. Sir, the act ot the
Senate was an act worthy of the Senate. It was
an abandonment of all these old controversies,
in the hope that the new treaty of peace which
had been made between our honored envoys
and the Government of France would start
anew the old feelings of friendship and amity.
The idea of making this action of the Senate a
contract or set-off is a misnomer of terms.
This is the only basis, the only stand on
which this old claim of seventy-two years rests.
It alt rests upon the assumption that the Sen-
ate by striking out the second article appro-
priated the property of private persons to
public use. Where was the exigency ? Where
is the declaration of any man who lived at the
time that this was done? I know my honor-
able friend from Massachusetts has quoted
quite a number of remarks, one made by Mr.
Madison in his negotiation with Spain, one
made by Mr. Pinckuey, who gave his opinion
that we ought to pay, one made by Mr. Clay,
who thought there was a kind of equity in
paying the claims. These words are from the
second generation of men, and the remark
made by Mr. Madison was the only one that
has any bearing on it, the only one that squints
that way.
Now, I will ask Senators whether it shall have
any force to quote the language of our minis-
ters when they were pressing our claims
against a foreign Government? Why, sir,
euvoys extraordinary and ministers plenipo-
tentiary have to say a great many things and
urge a great many things they do not believe
in. I suppose that always happens. A claim
once presented by the Government of the
United States may be afterward resisted.
How it is in the diplomatic service, my
honorable friend from Pennsylvania, being at
the head of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, can tell better than I; but I have always
understood that, certainly since the time of
Talleyrand, the chief object of words in these
formal communications was to deceive and
mislead.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to say that I
do not believe that doctrine at all. I think
everywhere truth ig mighty and always will
prevail, and nothing but truth will carry a man
or a nation through his or its existence.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. Suppose Mr.
Madison did say what is quoted ; and no doubt
he did. Why was it that Mr. Madison while
he was President of the United States for
eight years and who lived for some thirty-odd
years honored and revered, did not give his
potential voice in favor of these claims when
they might have been paid and within the
recollection of the men who knew all about
them? If according to Pinckney and Madi-
son these claims were just or some equitable
consideration would arise from the striking out
of the second article, why were not the claims
paid ? And yet, as I will show in a moment,
they slept during the whole lives of the men
who participated in this controversy.
Mr. President, I am sorry that I have de-
tained the Senate so long, but I saw no other
Senator disposed to enter into this debate
after a long controversy, and I thought I
would present my views, and I have presented
them much more fully than I intended when
I arose.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I wish to call
the attention of the Senator from Ohio, with
his permission, to a point which it seems to
me is very essential to this question, which he
seems to be passing from. I do not under-
stand these claims to rest upon the fact that
the Senate struck out the second article of the
treaty which was reported at all, but to rest
upon provisions of the treaty of 1800, to which
my friend has not called attention, and if he
will permit me, I will read the words:
"That the convention shall be in force for eight
years."
Mr. SHERMAN. What section is that?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is the sup-
plement to the treaty on its going from this
country to France.
Mr. SHERMAN. The action ot the Sen-
ate?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It was declared
that "the convention shall be in force for
eight years, with the retrenchment or striking
out of the second article ; provided, that by
this retrenchment the two States renounce the
respective pretensions which are the object
of the said article."
As I understand that provision of the treaty
there is an express stipulation between the
United States and France, that they mutually
give up their claims one for the other. The
pretensions under the second article were the
claims of the merchants and the claims of
France for our alleged violation of the old
treaties. This treaty of 1800 expressly stipu-
lates that both these claims are to be given
up, if I understand it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is speaking
now of the foot-note of Napoleon, I suppose,
and relies upon that to make a contract of set-
off. I had not overlooked it at all, but I do
not think the declaration of Napoleon in rati-
fying the treaty and the history of its ratifica-
tion changes at all the effect of the previous
act. The act of the Senate I have already
mentioned. This treaty was sent with the sec-
ond article stricken out, leaving the old trea-
ties suspended for eight years, of no force, no
validity; the guarantee clause suspended, all
the clauses that we complained of as incon-
sistent with Jay's treaty all modified or stricken
out. Then Napoleon, in approving this change,
adds these words: "That by this retrench-
ment the two States renounce the respective
pretensions which are the object- of the said
article." What is this? What is the mean-
ing of the word "renounce?" What is the
meaning of the word "pretensions?" In
what respect does this language differ from
the legal effect of the action of the Senate
already? It was simply "We will abandon
those claims; we will no longer press them
upon each other; we renounce the several pre-
tensions." The French renounced the pre-
tension that the old treaties were in force
against us to hamper us for all time to come,
and we renounced the pretension that their
seizures were in violation of international law.
We abandoned all these controversies. That
is the construction I put upon it, and it seemed
to me so obvious a one that I was passing it
by without notice.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Senator
having examined this subject, may be correct
as to his facts, but I do not understand the
words that I read to be a foot-note of Napo-
leon at all. I understand this to be a substan-
tial part of the treaty which the French in-
sisted should be added to it in consequence of
the second article being stricken out, and that
it is now a part of the treaty.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do notcare whether it
is or not. I think that the words bear the con-
struction I have given and are perfectly con-
sistent with the construction I have already
put upon the action of the Senate. Whether
this foot-note of Napoleon—because it is not
published as a part of the treaty, it is pub-
lished in the correspondence—changed the
treaty or modified our action in striking out
the second article, I leave to the honorable
Senator to discuss. Admit, it, in what respect
does this differ from the action of the Senate
already? Simply an abandonment by both
parties of any future negotiation involving a
controversy upon which they could not agree.
That is all there is of it.
Mr. PATTERSON. Allow me to ask the
Senator if they meant to state that they aban-
doned the justice of the claims which they had
pressed even to the point of war.
Mr. SHERMAN. They renounced the
prosecution of these claims, that is all.
Mr. PATTERSON. That is another matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is all there is .of it.
We had over and again insisted on the justice
of the claims ; the French over and over again
had insisted that they were not just, that they
were acts of reprisal for our violations of
treaties; and the pretensions of these two na-
tions—that is the claims, the construction, the
acts of these two nations in construing this
treaty, these several claims, pretensions, or
whatever you please to call them—should be
abandoned, renounced, no longer prosecuted,
no longer pressed. We could not change the
idea ot the French that we had done them in-
justice. The Senator from Massachusetts in
his report says, and the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania says, that we did great in-
justice, did wrong. They take the side of the
French. We did not ask the French to aban-
don their opinion, nor did they ask us to
abandon ours.
Mr. President, I come now very briefly to
consider another point. If this claim rested
upon a clear legal right, why was it not pressed
upon the generation of men who knew all
about it? You will find at the end of the re-
port of the Senator from Massachusetts the
whole history of this controversy. There was
no action that has any bearing upon it until
1818. The petitions that were presented April
22, 1802, and February 8, 1807, had no bear-
ing on the controversy. The first time the
subject was presented to the Senate of the
United States was in 1818. The Committee
on Foreign Relations was then composed of the
following eminent Senators: Macon, of North
Carolina; Barbour, of Virginia; King, of New
York ; Laycock, of Pennsylvania; Daggett, of
Connecticut; all of them men whose names
are still remembered.
Although the reputation gained in political
life as a matter of course is very transient, yet
every one will remember the names of these
eminent men. These claims were presented
to them. They gave the subject a patient
investigation, and here I have their report, and
that report, although compared with the vol-
uminous documents that have appeared in
regard to French spoliations since is very
small, is a clear and fair statement of the
whole case decidedly adverse to the claim, and
they put it upon the ground upon which 1 rest
my opinion, that the action ot the Senate and
the action of Napoleon in qualifying the rati-
fication of the Senate does not create any lia-
bility either in law or equity on the part of the
United States to pay these claims. I will not
take time to read this report.
The next time the question came before
Congress was January 31, 1822, when another
report, made by the Committee on Foreign
Relations of the Senate, upon this class of
claims, was again adverse on the very same
ground, and on other grounds, that the act
of the Government of the United States in
striking out the second article of the treaty
of 1800, and the attending circumstances in
regard to Napoleon, did not create any lia-
bility on the part of the United States. No
one then set up the idea of a set-off or assump-
sit ; no one then set up the idea of a contract,
or attempted to assimilate this matter to a
contract between individuals, but they denied
the claim on the broad principle that this act
of the Government of the United States did
