1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2169
that this amendment is not in order except by
unanimous consent, for if this is in order it
would be in order to make appropriations for
sub-Treasuries and other buildings all over the
United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I may say that
this appropriation was recommended by the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and also by the Committee on Finance, as an
amendment to the other appropriation bill;
and it was approved by the Committee on
Appropriations.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. That would
make it in order under the thirtieth rule if the
new rule had not been adopted, which is more
restrictive.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. On the twenty-
eighth page of this bill, near the top, this
provision will be found :
For the public printing and the public binding,
$50,000.
That is certainly kindred to the proposition
of the Senator from Kentucky. It seems to
me it would not be a violent presumption that
this proposition relates to something of that
sort.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is an ap-
propriation on page 28 "for public printing
and public binding, $50,000." The public
printing and public binding are done at the
Government Printing Office. The Chair does
not see how this amendment directly relates
to that appropriation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. This is to
divert a portion of it. That relates to public
printing, and this proposition, I submit with
great respect to the Chair, is in relation to the
general subject of printing, and is to divert a
portion of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it may have a distant relationship to it, but it
is not that direct relationship which the re-
strictive rule seems to require. But as the
Senator from Maine desires it, the Chair will
submit the question of order to the Senate.
Will the Senate receive this new appropria-
tion of $500,000 as directly relating to the
$50,000 in the bill, in the item referred to
by the Senator from Maine?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator
from Nebraska will withdraw his objection.
There seems to be plenty of money in the
Treasury, and this is a building to provide
more if it should give out.
Mr. TIPTON. We felt so imperatively
the necessity of having this rule adopted that
we attempted to enforce it in a previous ses-
sion of this Congress. We see the importance
of it in facilitating business, in preventing
what we denominate vicious legislation. Again
we have attempted to enforce the rule, and
if we are not able to enforce it, we may as
well understand it now as hereafter. Its im-
portance Senators will not deny, and I do trust
that we shall undertake to enforce it, and here-
after that we shall be careful to not allow such
an accumulation of business as to seem to
produce the necessity of overwhelming our
appropriation bills with all manner of general
legislation. I trust the vote will be taken
upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
will the Senate receive this amendment as di-
rectly relating to the appropriation named by
the Senator from Maine.
The question being put, it was decided in
the negative, there being on a division—ayes
21, noes "28.
Mr. SAWYER. During a moment when I
was absent from the Senate an amendment
which I offered this afternoon and which was
agreed to in committee was rejected. I now
off'cr it in another form to be inserted after
line three hundred and forty-three:
To enable the Secretary of War to pay W. H.
Shirley for additional clerical services heretofore
rendered by him in the investigation and settlement
of accounts for captured and abandoned property,
$1,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not in order.
Mr. SAWYER. There are special appro-
priations to enable the Secretary of War to
pay for services in his Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not to pay for that man's
services. There are several Treasury appro-
priations, too.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks,
it is obnoxious to the thirtieth rule.
Mr. SAWYER. Because it is a private
claim?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a private
claim.
Mr. SAWYER. Let me explain what it is,
and then if the Senator insists on the point of
order I will withdraw the amendment. The
Secretary of War writes a letter in which he
says that he made a recommendation last year
to pay this man for additional services per-
formed by him. The act was passed, and this
is the language of the act, with the omission
of the name of W. H. Shirley, which the Sec-
retary of War desired to have put in the bill,
and he now requests that the act be made effi-
cient for that object by inserting the name.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was the trouble
before?
Mr. SAWYER. Because he did not regard
himself authorized to pay to any particular
clerk, inasmuch as it was " for additional cleri-
cal service heretofore performed," and there
were fifty men, and there was nothing to desig-
nate who was to have it; but the whole recom-
mendation was based on the fact that this man
was entitled to be paid. I trust there will be
no objection made to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT, Is the point of
order withdrawn ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, yes ; I withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Now, sir, that we
have transgressed our rules I send up an
amendment, and with it a letter of the Attor-
ney General, which I ask may be read:
The Chief Clerk read the ameudment, as
follows:
Sic. —. That the sum of $250,000, or so much there
of as may be necessary, is hereby appropriated, to
pay unsettled claims legally existing against the
Government of the United States on account ofser-
vices actually rendered in carrying the mails of the
United States, exclusively, in the aforesaid States,
prior to the 31st day of May, A. D., 1861: Provided,
That before any payment be made under this act,
claimants will be required to furnish proof, satis-
factory to the Postmaster General, that at no time
prior to the 31st day of May, 1861. did they volun-
tarily countenance, aid, or render comfort to the
rebellion: And provided further. That where rail-
road companies or other corporate bodies are the
claimants, proof of loyalty of the presidents or other
agents representing said bodies only will be re-
quired: And provided further. That before any
payment shall be made, satisfactory evidence shall
be furnished that no compensation has been re-
ceived from any other source tor such service.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope the letter will
now be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The letter will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Department of Justice, March 29,1871,
Sik: I have considered the claim of the Wilming-
ton and Manchester Railroad Company, which is
the subject of your letter of January 30,1871. This
claim is for transportation of the mails from April
1 to May 31, 1861. That the service was rendered
and that the compensation demanded is according
to the contract seem to be unquestioned. An objec-
tion to the payment of the claim is founded on the
joint resolution of March 2,1867, prohibiting pay-
ment by any officer of the Government of claims in
favor of any person who promoted, encouraged, or
in any manner sustained tho late rebellion, or in
favor of any person who, during said rebellion, was
not known to be opposed thereto, and distinctly in
favor of its suppression, (14 Stats., p. 571.)
This prohibition applies to all claims which oc-
curred prior to the 13th day of April, 1861.
It is contended on the part of the company that
the prohibition applies only to claims in favor of
natural persons and not to claims in favor of cor-
porations. The language of the resolution clearly
authorises the construction for which the railroad
company contends.'
To promote, to encourage, to sustain, and to op-
poso a rebellion are all personal acts, the productof
an individual will, and not acts which an aggregate
corporation, like the Wilmington and Manchester
Railroad Company is able to do. To be distinctly
in favor of the suppression of a rebellion is a per-
sonal disposition which an individual can, and an
aggregate corporation cannot possess.
The resolution further provides that no pardon
heretofore granted or hereafter to bo granted shall
authorize the payment of such account, claim or de-
mand. A pardon can be granted to anatural person.
A Corporation is not the subject of a criminal pro-
secution for such offenses as rebellion (Angell and
Ames on Corporations, pages 392-394,) and there-
fore not the subject of a pardon for rebellion.
By denying to a pardon tho effect of authorizing
payment the resolution impliedly limits its prohibi-
tions to payments to natural persons.
This reasoning may havo the effect of allowing
persons to receive, as stockholders, a compensation
which the resolution would have withheld from
them if the services had been performed by them as
individuals. Such discrimination is perhaps at va-
riance with the real purpose of Congress. But the
purpose expressed in the resolution, as ascertained
by tho rules of construction, does not go beyond the
case of individuals. And it is not impossible that
Congress designedly spared corporationsfor the sake
of the loyal stockholders in the railroad companies
in the United States.
In another view the greater part of this claim is
out of the operation of that resolution. The resolu-
tion applies only to claims that occurred or existed
prior to April 13, 1861. This olaim is for mail ser-
vices rendered between the 1st day of April and the
31st day of May in that year. Three fourths of this
service was rendered after the day named in the
resolution.
I am therefore of theopinion that the claim in this
case is exempted from the operation of the joint
resolution of March 2,1867.
You also inquire whether, in view of the provis-
ions of tho fiftn, sixth, and seventh sections of the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropriation act
of July 12,1870, (16 United States Statutes, p. 251,) it
would be lawful to pay such claim without a special
appropriation for that purpose. I am unable to
answer this question with desirable distinctness
for want of information in relation to the funds now
under the control of your Department. If you have
a balance of moneys appropriated for the fiscal year
1860-01, not covered into tho Treasury in pursuance
of section six of said act, I am of the opinion that
you may properly apply sueh funds to the payment
of the claim. But I know of no other appropriation
from which the claim can now be paid.
I havo the honor to be, most respectfully, your
obedient servant,
A. T. AKERMAN,
Attorney General.
Hon. J. A. J. Ckeswell, Postmaster General.
Before the reading of the letter waa con-
cluded—
Mr. SPRAGUE. I interrupt the reading
in order to suggest to the Chair that we have
a ruling on the amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. What Attorney General
wrote that opinion ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. The late Attorney
General of the United States, Mr. Akerman.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island makes the point of order
that this amendment does not relate to any
appropriation in the bill. The Chair sustains
the point of order. He finds no appropriation
to which this directly relates.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I appeal to'
the Senate for unanimous consent again to
offer an amendment for a building for storage
of books and papers of the Treasury Depart-
ment and for the accommodation of the per-
sons employed in the business of engraving
and printing now done in the Treasury, and I
offer the amendment in a modified form,
placing the sum at $300,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to receiving the amendment?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then before
the bill is out of the Senate I will obtain the
consent of some committee for it.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask unanimous consent
of the Senate to offer an amendment 
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object.
Mr. HARLAN. Perhaps the honorable
Senator will hear it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the Senator who offers an ameudment has a
right to have it read.
Air. ROBERTSON. The Senator refused
to allow my letter to be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is true,
