1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Mr, FRYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
A. E. COWLES.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 1901) for the
relief of A. E. Cowles, and moved that the
committee be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that the same be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
CREDITORS OF DISLOYAL PERSONS.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported back the petition of creditors of dis-
loyal persons whose property at New Orleans
was seized and sold and the proceeds paid
into the Treasury; and moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM COURSON.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported back the petition of William Courson
and others; and moved that the committee be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that the same be referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
HENRY B. SANGER.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. .3876) for the relief
of Henry B. Sanger and the estate of Henry
K. Sanger, deceased ; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
recommitted.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BENJAMIN CRAWFORD.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 3874) for the relief
of Benjamin Crawford ; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Benjamin Crawford the sum of
$5,000, in full compensation for the use by the
Government of the said Crawford's patent
steam blower.
Mr. RANDALL. Is there any report in
this case?
Mr. FRYE. Yes, sir; there is a very long
one.
Mr. RANDALL. Let it be read.
The report was read. It states that Craw-
ford's claim arises out of the alleged use of
his patent known as the Crawford patent
steam blower, a device by which the foul
matter accumulating in the flues of boilers is
lorced out and the draught much increased.
From the testimony it appears that the inven-
tion is valuable, having been highly useful
to the Government on vessels employed in
military operations in the western waters.
Samuel Bickerstaff, late fleet engineer United
States Mississippi squadron, states in his
certificate that in his opinion the steam
blower was indispensable to the success of
the vessels in the Mississippi squadron in
cases where they were compelled to get up
steam at short notice ; for instance, in the case
of the ram fight at Fort Pillow, the gunboat
fight at Memphis, and many other like cases,
where the gunboats were forced into imme-
diate action by the enemy. The advantage
derived by the use of the steam blower m
such cases, where the vessels are lying with
banked fires, are, in his opinion, incalculable,
as the vessels are immediately enabled to go
into action, which otherwise they could not
do for a considerable time.
From the proofs it appears that four hun-
dred and eight of these steam blowers were used
on one hundred and twenty-four Government
vessels during the late war. In an official let-
ter from the Navy Department it is intimated
that steam blowers were on the vessels when
purchased by the Government. In opposition
to this statement, the claimant has filed a
sworn statement of all the vessels on which
his patent was ever placed with the right of
using the same, from the patentee; and none
of these vessels are included in the list of ves-
vels belonging to the Government on which
the patent steam blower was used, and on
account of which he asks compensation. The
liability of the Government is the same whether
the patent blower was placed on board the
vessels by the Government or by those of
whom the Government purchased, unless the
right to use the patent accompaied the patent
itself.
It appears that Mr. Crawford was the inven-
tor and proprietor of a valuable invention which
has been of great use to the Government, and
for which he has received no compensation.
The committee therefore recommend the pay-
ment of $5,000 in full consideration for the
use of his patent. He seeks to recover $10,-
200, the usual charge for a like number of
blowers soldin the ordinary course of business;
but the committee are of opinion that in case
of so large a sale, $5,000 will be ample com-
pensation.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote
by whiph the bill was passed; and also moved
that, the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. If the House
will allow us to continue our reports until half
past four o'clock, I shall be glad. I shall then
ask for an evening session, perhaps on next
Tuesday, to finish our business, which can be
concluded in another hour.
Mr. RANDALL. If you are going to ask
an evening session, why not adjourn now ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I do not know
that I would have any objection to an adjourn-
ment if the House is disposed to give us an
evening session some day next week; but I
hope gentlemen will consent to wait for half
an hour.
ANNA E. PEALE.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, from the Committee
of Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No, 3877)
for the relief of Anna E. Peale; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Anna E. Peale,
only child of Franklin Peale, late of the city
of Philadelphia, $10,000 in full for services
rendered by him to the Government of the
United States by means of discoveries, inven-
tions, and improvements introduced and per-
fected by him, and now used by the United
States in the machinery and processes for re-
fining and coining the precious metals.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third tune, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
LOUISA ELDIS.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3878)
for the relief of Mrs. Louisa Eldis ; which was
read a tirst and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to Mrs. Louisa Eldis, of
Sandusky, Ohio, the sum of $691 83, in full
compensation for losses sustained by the occu-
pancy of her stone building in Sandusky,
Ohio, by the one hundred and third regiment
New York volunteers, during the months of
January, Febrnarv, March, and April, 1864.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTFR, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NIGHT SESSION FOR CLAIMS COMMITTEE.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I ask, by unani-
mous consent, that the Committee of Claims
be allowed Tuesday evening of next week for
consideration of reports from that committee.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope that request will
be granted, as the bills are now going through
very rapidly, while we have but a thin House,
and members are paying but very little atten-
tion to what is going on.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
ABRAHAM PALMER.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3879)
for the relief of Abraham Palmer; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, directs and author-
izes the Secretary of the Treasury to pay Abra-
ham Palmer, of Jefferson county, Ohio, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, $300 in reimbursment of this
sum illegally collected from him by the United
States in the eleventh enrollment district of the
State of Ohio for failure to perform military
duty on the 10th of June, 1864.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was pasesd ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENGROSSMENT OF BILLS.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
call attention to the fact that in the short de-
bate yesterday in reference to the engrossment
of bills there was by implication, but, I have
no donbt, unintentional, a reflection upon the
engrossing clerks of this House. Mr. Strohm
has been in charge of this business in the
House of Representatives for very many years;
and he is not only careful in the engrossment
of bills, but is in every way competent and
fitted for the position by reason of his unex-
celled knowledge of the English language and
the exact meaning of the words used in legis-
lation-^—
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will interrupt
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to state that
in the remarks made by me yesterday about
errors in the engrossment of bills I was mis-
led or misunderstood the remarks of the clerk
of the Committee on Appropriations. I under-
stood from him that half of the amendments
of the Senate to the executive, legislative, and
judicial appropriation bill were in consequence
of errors of engrossment. His remark in fact
was, which I learn on consultation with him,
that one half or more of the errors in the bill
were errors of engrossment. I believe the
number of errors in engrossment were six. I
make this statement in justice to the engross-
ing clerks of the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I knew, of course, there
was no intention to do injustice to our clerks;
but by implication the debate yesterday re-
flected upon them. As I have already stated,
