246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
not create any obligation in equity or right on |
us to assume it.
The first time the bill passed the Senate of
the United States waa in 1835. I have the
debate before me. Then, for the first time,
it passed by a close vote of 30 to 25. What
were the circumstances of the country at that
time? All the claims from the ante-revolu-
tionary period were raked up; the Treasury
was overflowing; Congress was engaged in all
kinds of legislation to deplete an overflowing
Treasury. We actually passed bills for the
distribution of money among the States. The
public debt had been paid off. Every claim
that iiad a shadow of equity was brought up,
aud among the rest this French spoliation
claim, nurtured for thirty-five years. The
advertisement I have read you shows that the
agency established in Washington commenced
its operations in 1822. By 1835 they had cre-
ated a kind of opinion in favor of these
claims, and in 1835 they were discussed.
Then the celebrated report of Mr. Clay, made
in 1826, containing all the documentary in-
formation, was before the Senate. I would
be perfectly willing to take that debate of
1835. in which some of the most eminent
men of this country participated, and allow
every man to pass a dispassionate judgment
upon it. There was Webster, with his great
intellect, throwing his whole weight in favor
of these claims, reporting them, advocating
them strongly and ably. He was supported
by Preston and others. On the other hand
there were Wright and Benton, Bibb, and
Hill of New Hampshire, and other eminent
men who took ground against them.
I have read the debate carefully, and I do
believe that but for the fact so often com-
mented upon, that there was money in the
Treasury and the time had arrived when all
claims should be paid, the bill would not have
passed the Senate ; but it did. It passed the
Senate bj' a vote of 30 to 25. It went to the
House of Representatives, but the House re-
fused to pass it. It was continued along until,
I think, in 1847 it finally got through the
House. Having first passed the Senate, the
Senate voted for it again rather as a matter of
course ; and it was twice vetoed, and for sev-
enty years .has been here before Congress.
It is said that there are some thirty or forty
reports in favor of it. Why, sir, how falla-
cious that is. The way the reports came to be
in favor of this bill was that some Senator who
thought his constituents were interested would
move a select committee and it was referred to
a select committee. Most of the reports in
the first instance were made by select com-
mittees. Some member of the Senate inter-
ested in the bill would move a select com-
mitteee. What was the rule ? A majority of
the committee had to be in favor of it. That
waa the rule of parliamentary law. And so,
year after year, from 1829 down to 1861, a
niajority of the reports, and nearly all the re-
ports, were made by selectcommitteesof oneor
the other House, made by committees packed,
as I may say—and I say it in no offensive sense—
packed by parliamentary law in favor of the
claims.
At one time, in connection with the report
of the majority, there was a strong statement
by the minority, made by Mr. Cambreleng.
I do not give any weight to these reports; I
do not see that they have any weight on either
side; but when it is said that this claim has
been passed by committee after committee, I
reply that they have not received at any time j
the sanction of law, the sanction of any au-
thority made by law in regard to the public
Treasury, and I hope to God they never will.
1 he Senator from Massachusetts opens his
beautiful report by saying that this claim will
never die. I believe it never will die. It is
supported by the interest of corporations ; and
I say now that much the larger portion of the
benefit to be derived frora.this bill is to go to
insurance companies, who are immortal. They
are corporations that never die. But for the
fact that the great mass, not of the petition-
ers, because this advertisement shows you how
these petitions are brought here, but the great
mass in amount of the claims, are by insur-
ance companies. But that they are held by
these corporations that never die, they would
have died out by inanition. The men who
originally presented the claims, the men who
it is said are to be benefited by it, their chil-
dren and their grandchildren have been swept
away; and now, if you pass this five million
bill, to whom will the money go? How will
those men and the children of those men who
suffered by the depredations of the French
furnish the proof? Where are the records
that enable them to preserve the truth? The
family is scattered or dead; the papers gone.
How many papers of seventy years ago now
exist ? But in the records of these corpora-
tions, in their pigeon-holes and boxes, stored
away safely for future time, with their agent
here in Washington, the claims are kept alive.
I say this is an argument to show that this
claim, if it is placed on the ground of equity,
is not one that the Senate ought to regard.
What is the condition of an insurer? An
insurer takes the risk. He is paid for taking
the risk. It is shown here by these documents
that insurance ranged at that time from
twenty five to fifty per cent.; so that if one
vessel was lost out of three it was still a
profitable venture. It is also shown by these
papers that at that time the largest profits
were made by American commerce that have
ever been made in the history of our country.
These insurance companies that set up these
claims have been paid for their risk. They
made money. Some of the largest fortunes
in thiscountry were founded on the operations
of insurance prior to 1800.
Not only that, sir; many of the persons
interested in these insurance companies were
Englishmen. The stock was mainly owned by
Englishmen. Englishmen sought to protect
their ventures under our flag, and the French
complained that while the American flag was
raised over the vessel it was the property of
Englishmen, commanded by Englishmen, and
manned by Englishmen, and Englishmen were
their enemies who were seeking to starve them
to death. That was the argument of the
French. These insurance companies were
owned mainly by the capital of Englishmen.
Englishmen sought to cover their risks in this
way; and now we are called upon after seventy-
two years to pay to the subjects of one of these
belligerents the investments they made under
our flag for injuries done by another of the
belligerents. That is precisely the condition
in which we are placed.
The claim of insurance companies does not
stand upon so equitable a ground as would the
claim of an individual. Mr. Webster admits
that the body of these claims is owned by
insurance companies. Mr. Millson, in a very
able speech made in 1855, when you, sir, [Mr.
Morrill, of Vermont, in the chair,] were a
member of the House of Representatives,
states the same fact at great length, and gives
the reasons why the insurance companies
owned these claims. Mr. Webster iusists that
the insurers are subrogated to the rights of
the insured, and by law are entitled to press
the claims. I do not know about it. I do
not know whether the law of subrogation
applies to such claims that cannot be enforced
in the courts. Mr. Webster says it does.
Perhaps he is correct. But, sir, I say if we
are called upon on the ground of equity to pay
this money, to satisfy a kind of equitable
demand, I present this fact that this money
will go to insurance companies who are still
alive, still in existence, most of whose stock
was then owned by British merchants. The
facts are fully developed in these papers.
That is another reason why we should be
reluctant to pass this claim merely on an
equitable ground.
But there is another objection on the face
of this bill. Who are to receive this money?
What is the character of the obligation?
"Claims to indemnity upon the French Govern-
ment, arising out of illegal oaptures, detentions,
seizures, condemnations, and confiscations."
Why, sir, how vague is this language; how
indefinite 1 What kind of seizures were they ?
How can we tell whether a seizure made eighty
years ago was legal or illegal? Where is the
evidence? Perhaps some of the seizures were
really the seizures of English vessels under
the American flag. Perhaps some of them
were of vessels for violating maritime law,
violating the laws of nations, seeking cover
under our flag to violate that law. How can
we tell? All seizures, all condemnations, all
embargoes will be embraced by this broad,
sweeping clause. Who can say that they were
illegal? Upon the Government of the United
States will depend the proof that they were
illegal? These men will show that their car-
goes were captured, that they were seized un-
der the American flag. They may bring a case
under the French treaty, but it may be that
that very property belonged to English sub-
jects, that our flag was used as the mere cover
of English property. How can that be found
out? All these vague, indefinite matters are
sent to a commission without any means to
try them except to parcel out this $5,000,000.
But we are told the amount is limited to
$5,000,000, and we ought not to take any
great interest in it; it is not so very large a
sum. Five million dollars is not as much as
it used to be ; but what ground have you to
believe that this $5,000,000 is any limit to this
claim? The Senatorfrom Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cameron] said yesterday that the amount, was
twenty millions ; the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumner] says it was fifteen millions
seventy-two years ago, and the Senator from
Massachusetts quotes law that I cannot gain-
say that claims of this kind bear interest,
and that the real claims of these persons are
fifteen millions with interest for seventy-two
years. But you say you have limited them to
five millions; they must dole that out; they
must divide it among themselves. But sup-
pose they find a board of commissioners
who report to us that there was due in 1800
$20,000,000 to these claimants. If one cent
was due, it was all due. What right have you
to parcel out the justice of the American peo-
ple by a dividend of twenty-five per cent.? We
are not bankrupt.
If we are bound to pay this claim, let us go
to the whole extent and pay them all. Evi-
dently this is a mere effort to get this five
millions on a controverted question ; and if a
judgment of twenty millions due in 1800 ia
rendered against us, how can you resist the
payment of the interest and the payment of
the balance. Remember the claims made by
Massachusetts for interest in the war claims of
1812—and they were finally paid.
But it, is said these people are to give a release.
What is the value of your release ? Since I
have been in Congress I have seen at least
twenty bills passed where there were releases
on file. Take the Chorpenning claim; in that
case there was not only a release, but an actual
law prohibiting the receipt of any more. So,
although this release is given, the claimants
come back and say it was done under compul-
sion. The release can be explained away.
Even a release under seal is held not to bind a
future Congress. How can Congress know
about this release? For although this claim
be so large and notorious, how can we answer
the question, if we pay five millions on this
just claim, (because we thereby acknowledge its
justice.) Why not pay the whole twenty mil-
lions, even if we pay it without interest? There
is no limit. As my colleague remarks to me,
and I have no doubt he is correct, although I
