1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2111
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I present the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill. I send it to the Chair and ask that
it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as follows:
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of tho two Houses on tho amendments to the
bill (II. It. No. 2991) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government, have agreed to recommend and do
recommend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from its amendments num-
bered 12, 13, 14, 15, 37, 43, 49, 50, 51, 61, 72, 75, 76, 81,
a-nd 90.
That the House of Representatives recede from its
disagreement to the amendments oftheSenate, num-
bered 2, 3, 4, 5, 6,7, 8,10,11.16, 17, 23, 24. 25 , 26.27, 28,
29, 31, 36, 57, 58, 62, 65, 60, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 79, 83, 84,
88,89, and 93.
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the first amendment
of the Senate, and agree to tho said amendment,
modified so as to read as follows:
That on and after the 4th day ot March, A. D.1873,
ttie President of the United States shall receive iu
full for his services during the term tor which he
shall have been elected the sum of §50,1)00 per
annum, to be paid monthly; the Vice President of
the United States shall receive in full lor his ser-
vices during the term for which he shall have been
elected the sum of 610,000 per annum, to be paid
monthly; and the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court of the United States shall receive the sum of
$10,500 per annum, and the justices of the Supremo
Court of the United States shall receive the sum of
$10,000 per annum each, to be paid monthly; tho
Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury,
the Secretary of War, the Secretary of the Navy, the
Secretary of the Interior, the Attorney General, and
the Postmaster General shall receive $10,000 per
annum each for their services, to be paid monthly;
and each assistant Secretary of the Treasury, State,
and Interior Departments shall receive as annual
compensation, to be paid monthly, $6,000; and the
Speaker of thfc House of Representatives shall, alter
the present Congress, receive m full for all his ser-
vices compensation at tho rate of $10,000 per annum,
and Senators, Representatives, and Delegates in
Congress, including Senators, Representatives and
Delegates in the Forty-Second Congress, shall re-
ceive $7,500 per annum each, and this shail be m
lieu of all pay and allowances; and all thoge
holding such otlice at the passage of this act, and
whose claim to a seat has not been adversely decided,
shall receive S7,5U0 per annum each, and this shall
be in lieu of all pay and allowances, except the
actual individual traveling expenses from their
homes to the seat of Government and return by tno
most direct route of usual travel, once for each ses-
sion of the House to which such Senator, member, or
Delegate belongs, to be certified to under his hand
to tho disbursing officer, and filed as a voucher:
Provided, That, in settling the pay and allowances
of Senators, members', and Delegates in the i?orty~
Second Congress, all mileage shall be deducted,
no allowance made for expenses «>f travel.
there is hereby appropriated a sum sufficient to
make tho annual salaries of such of tho cierks m the
office of the Clerk of the House of Representatives
as receive 82,500 and upward, ana less tnan fd.WO,
(including the petition clerk and printing clerk,)
®3,000 each; and of such as receive Si«00 and up-
ward, and less than $2,500, the sum of *2,000
each; and of such as receive fcl.800 and upwaid.
and less than 5,2,UOO, the sum ol $2,0UU each; and
of the Secretaiy of the Senate and Clerk ot the
House of Representative?, 45,000 eaen: and ol the
Chief Clerk and Journal elerk of the llouse, while
such positions are held by the prosent incumbents,
and no longer, S3,6u0 each; and of the Doorkeeper of
the House, and the assistant doorkeeper ol the ben-
ate, while the position is held by the present incum-
bents, amino longer, 63,000; andol the 1 ostmaster
of tho Senate. $2,592; assistant postmaster, $2,M0,
and of two mail carriers, 31,700; and of tbesuperin-
tendent and lirst assistant ol the benate document,
room, $2,500 each; and second assistant, 111 saicl
document-room, &1.800; and of the ajjditional
compensation to the reporters of the House and
Senate for the Congressional Globe,.$1^)00 each,
and additional pay to the chief engineer of the
House, S360, (so as to equalize hereby
the chief engineer of tho Senate.) And it is hereoy
provided that the increase of compensation to-tho
officers, clerks, and others m the employ ot tne ber-
ate and House of Representatives, Provided foi-m
this act, shall begin with tho Wfsent Oon„rt ana
the pay of all the present employes of the too ateand
House of llepresentrtfives, including tno employ u>
in the Library of Congress and those under tiie Gooi-
Sittee on Public BuiWings and Grounds, now em-
ployed in the Capitol building and also the Honso
reporters whose pay has not been specifically in
creased by this act, holding their places by appoint-
ment under the respective officers thereof, or by ^he
authority of the Committee on Contingent Expenses
SftliP Senate or the Committee on Accounts of the
House totowLrt fttetn per cent, of their present
nomnensation on the amount actually received, and
piyfble tothem respectively, from the
the present Congress, or trom the date ot ™cdir^ 
pointment during the present Congress, ana wno
shall be actually employed at the passage of this act.
And the amounts of money neeessary to carry the
foregoing provisions into effect are hereby appro-
priated out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
That the Houso recede from its disagreement to
the ninth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendment:
Strike out of said amendment the words "two
thousand one hundred and sixty dollars," and insert
in lieu thereof "two thousand five hundred and
ninety-two dollars."
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the eighteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment:
Strike out all of said Senate amendment and all
after the word " each" in page 3, line eight of the
bilij down to and including line ten in same page,
Tnafc the House recede trom its disagreement to
the twenty-first amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
Strike out all of said amendment, and insert in
lieu thereof the following:
That the appointment of the Capitol polico shall
hereafter be made by the Sergea.nt-at-Arms of the
two Houses; and the Architect of the Capitol Exten-
sion and the captain of the police force may sus-
pend any member of said force, subject to the action
of the officers above referred to.
And in page 5, lines two, three, and four of tho
bill, strike out the words '* at the rate of $416 66f per
month."
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the twenty-mnth amendment of tho Senate, and
agree to tho same with an amendment as follows:
Strike out all of said amendment, and insert in
lieu thereof the following: " strike out all after the
woid 'dollars,' on page 7, line eighteen of the bill,
down to and including line nineteen of said page."
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendments of the House to the amendments
of the Senate numbered 52 and 59.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the seventy-third amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
In the clause proposed by said amendment to be
inserted strike out the words " fifty-seven," and in-
sert in lieu thereof " sixty-three."
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the seventy-fourth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
Strike out of said amendment the words proposed
to bo inserted, and insert in lieu thereof the words
" one hundred thousand eight hundred."
That tho House recedc from its disagreement to
tho seveuty-feeventh amendment of tho Senate, and
agre9 to the same with an amendment as follows:
Strike out of the clause proposed by said amend-
ment to be inserted the words "sixty-six,' and
insert in lieu thereof the words " sixty-nme."
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the seventy-eighth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
Strike out of said amendment the words proposed
to be inserted, and insert in lieu thereof the words
" eighty-twothousand eight hundred."
Tiiat the House recede from its disagreement to
the eightieth amendmentof the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment as follows:
Strike out of said amendment the words proposed
thereby to be inserted, and insert in heu thereof the
words "four hundred and twenty-six thousand seven
hundred and thirty-two."
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendments of the House to the eighty-seventh
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
amended to read as follows:
And that tho salary, emoluments, and lees ot me
olerk of the supreme court of the District or Co-
lumbia shal 1 not exceed the sum of5>6,000 per annum;
and that the excess of fees collected by him above
that sum shall be paid into the Treasury ot the
United States, and that saia clerk shall make semi-
annual returns of tho amount of fees received by
him to the Secretary of tho Troasury.
That the Ilou^erecedo trom its disagreement to the
ninety-first amendment of the Senate, and agree to
tho same with an amendment as follows:
Strike out all of said Senate amendment, and
insert in lieu thereof the words " acting as exam-
iners of titles, $3,000." ,,
That tho House recede from its amendment to the
niDety-seeond amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment:
Strike out of said amendment the clause proposed
to be inserted, and in lieu thereof insert the words
"eighty thousand six hundred and sixty dollars.
That the Senate recede from^its disagreement to
thesubstitute proposed by the House tor the ninety-
fourth amendment of the Senate, and agree to said
substitute amended so as to read as follows:
Sec. 3. That from and after thel=t day of July,
1873, tho salary of tho Supervising Architect of the
Treasury shall be $5,000 per annum: the salaries of
the examiner of claims m the Department ot State,
the Solicitor of the Treasury, the Commissioner
of Wioulture, the Commissioner of Customs, uie
Auditors of the Treasury Department, the Commis-
sioner of tho General Land Cilice, the Commissioner
of Pensions, and the Assistant Postmasters General,
the superintendent of the money-order system, Mia
the superintendent of the foreign mails ol the Post
Oihce Department, shall be !p4,000 each per
ami the salaries of tho two eniels of the Diplomatic
and of the Consular Bureaus in the Department of
State, and the chiefs of thoBureaus ot Accounts and
of Indices and Archives snail be $2,400 each per an-
num; and a sufficient sum to carry into effeot the
provisions of this section to tho end of the fiscal
year ending June 30,1874, is hereby appropriated.
LOT M, MORRILL,
MATT. H. OARPESTER,
T. F. BAYARD,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
JAMES A. GARFIELD,
BENJAMIN F. BDTLER,
SAMUEL J. RANDALL.
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to a
point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The Senator will state
his point of order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I make the
point of order that the committee of confer-
ence have transcended any matter that was
committed to their jurisdiction in this : that
whereas the House had fixed the salaries of
members of Congress at $6,500, the Senate
rejected the proposition alnost unanimously,
but two voting against its rejection ; that there
was no matter of difference between the two
Houses except the difference between the
present salary and $6,500. I therefore make
the point of order that they have transcended
their jurisdiction and that the report should be
rei ected.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator from
Vermont in stating the facts of this case over-
looked one very important fact, and that is,
that the Senate voted down the proposition to
concur upon the ground as expressed by at
least half a dozen Senators who spoke on the
subject, that the sum fixed by the House was
too small. I rose in my place and inquired of
the Chair whether, if the matter was sent to a
committee of conference, the committee would
have power to raise as well as decrease the
sum, and I was informed that undoubtedly
such power existed. That took place in open
Senate while we were discussing the question
of concurring in the amendmentof the House.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should
like to know what plain common people would
understand by our voting down a proposition
for $6,500? Does not the country understand
that it was rejected? I do not understand any
jugglery by which we voted down $6,500 on
the ground that it was not enough.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair over-
rules the point of order. The House of Rep-
resentatives sent to the Senate an amend-
ment to this bill changing salaries in various
ways. The Senate refused to concur. They
also refused to strike out the provision in re-
gard to the salaries of members of Congress.
They refused to strike out all af the amend-
ment except that portion relating to the salary
of the President. They therefore left the
salary question an open question and referred
it to the conference^ committee. It may be a
good argument against voting for the confer-
ence report that the salaries are not in accord-
ance with what the Senator from Vermont
thinks they should be ; but to restrict the
conference committee in a free conference to
the differences between the present salary and
the salary fixed by the House of Represent-
atives under their amendment, the Chair
thinks, would be limiting the conference
more than conference committees have ever
been. Therefore the Chair decides that the
report is not subject to the objection and the
point of order made by the Senator from
Vermont. _
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask the Senator
from Maine, who has charge of this report, it
he will consent to lay it aside for a few mo-
incuts in order to considsr tb© bill relating to
the bounties of the fifth Connecticut volun-
teers ["Nol" "No!"] It is very essential
that the bill should pass at this hour if it is
to be acted upon at all in the House ot .Rep-
resentatives. If it be delayed until this report
shall have been acted upon, there can be no
hope of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What is the
nature of the bill?
