1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1211
the gentleman in charge of the engrossment
of our bills is unusually careful and correct in
the transaction of this business.
Mr. LYNCH. Perhaps legislation would
be benefited if there were some more errors.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BUCKLEY. And there was a reflec-
tion in that bill on the Committee on Enrolled
Bills which I will not allow to go by unnoticed.
Instead of there being the number of errors
stated by the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Sargent,] there were but two mistakes in the
Indian appropriation bill.
KIVER AND HARBOR APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SAWYER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report back a bill
making appropriations for the repairs, pres-
ervation, and completion of certain public
works on rivers and harbors, and for other
purposes; which I move be made the special
order for Tuesday next, and from day to day,
till disposed of.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As has been
usual heretofore, I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I reserve all
points of order on that bill.
Mr. LYNCH. I wish to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations why this
bill should be referred to that committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Maine very well understands that by the
custom of this House, ever since appropriations
for rivers and harbors have been referred to
the Committee on Commerce, it has been uni-
formly the practice, when the bill is made np,
to refer it to the Committee on Appropriations.
The Committee on Appropriations is charged
with the general question of looking to the
total amount of appropriations to be granted
for the different objects, and by a perfectly
plain understanding between these two com-
mittees it has always been understood, if the
general amount reported by the Committee on
Commerce did not exceed what the Committee
on Appropriations thought to be proper the
bill would be reported back from that com-
mittee without change.
If at any time the Committee on Commerce
should report an excessively large appropria
tion for rivers and harbors, going beyond what
the Committee on Appropriations considered,
in view of all the different appropriation bills,
ought to be given to that branch of the service,
then it would be the duty of the Committee on
Appropriations to report back the bill to the
House, recommending the cutting down pro
rata, or in some other way, of the appropria-
tions for rivers and harbors. But the Com-
mittee on Commerce have done so well, they
have always bestowed so much labor and care
for the last several years at least, in keeping
their appropriations within such limits as those
within which both committees agreed they
should be kept, that it has been really only a
matter of form that the bill has been referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and by
them reported back to the House. And the
Committee on Commerce have always been
requested to take charge of it, and they have
taken charge of it. And doubtless the case
will be the same now.
But I call the attention of the House to this
custom, which ought not to be infringed upon
by any means. The Committee on Appropria-
tions having charge of twelve regular appro-
priation bills, determine how much money is
to be appropriated in these bills in the gross,
and if they find that they have to cut down the
gross amount in any way, they try touistribute
the reduction so as to cut down the appropria-
tions pro rata, and in a reasonable and equi-
table manner. Now, if another committee is
to take charge of an appropriation bill ot this
kind, and to have no relations with the Com mit-
tee 011 Appropriations on thesubject, if it is m
that way to have the entire charge ot one in-
terest, it must be perfectly clear to every man
here that one special interest will stand out
on its own ground, without any relation what-
ever to the other interests for which appropri-
ations are made.
Mr. STEVENSON.- I wish to ask whether
it would be practicable for the Committee on
Appropriations to consider this bill so as to
report it back on Monday, so that the request
now made by the Committee on Commerce
might be agreed to ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no doubt
it would be practicable to do so.
Mr. PETERS. Then it is all foolishness to
refer it to that committee.
Mr. STEVENSON. Very well. Let us
indulge them in a little foolishness.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I believe the
gentlemen of the other committee and the
gentlemen of the Committee on Appropri-
ations will have no feeling of rivalry about the
matter. But the point I make, and to which
I desire the attention of the House, is, that one
committee charged with the care of the total
appropriations for the service of the Govern-
ment ought to have in some way at least the
supervision over the whole question of appro-
priations.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to inquire
whether this bill is an annual appropriation
bill, recognized as such by law or by the rules
of this House ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. It is in ac-
cordance with a usage of many years' stand-
ing that a motion to make it a special order
in Committee of the Whole has always been
entertained; but no further than that has it
been treated as a regular appropriation bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Has the question
ever been raised as to the right of the gentle-
man in charge of it to move to make it a
special order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The point of
order was raised on one occasion, when the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
was chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and the bill was not allowed to be made
a special order except on the condition that it
should first be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations. I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,] the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I am sure every
member of the Committee on Commerce will
sympathize with the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations in his desire to secure
every possible safeguard in regard to these
appropriations for the protection of the pub-
lic Treasury. There is certainly no disposition
on the part of the Committee on Commerce to
resist any such tendency on the part of the
House. But we would like at this time to
attain some understanding as to what are
the actual relations of our committee in this
matter to the House and to the Committee on
Appropriations. There seems to be some-
thing anomalous in maintaining this idea, that
this particular bill, involving appropriations,
should be referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, while a very large class of other
bills coming from other committees, and
making appropriations, are not so referred.
Take, for example, the bills which have been
before the House to-day, reported from the
Committee of Claims. We have had before
us to-day an enormous number of bills making
appropriations, none of which, so far as I
know, have gone to the Committee on Appro-
priations ; and yet they come precisely within
the scope of the remarks of my colleague, the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations.
I might speak also of the reports of the Com-
mittee on invalid Pensions. There is not, in
fact, a committee of the House which does
not report appropriation bills. I think it is
due to the House, due to the country, and due
to the Committee on Commerce that there
should be some harmonious plan of action
adopted by the House in these matters, so that
at the proper time, either now, or on Monday,
or at some time, the Committee on Commerce
shall know whether it is to be the only com-
mittee reporting appropriations whose action
must pass under review by the Committee on
„ ow, we have the same confidence that the
House has in the Committee on Appropria-
tions, the same desire that all appropriation
bills shall be scanned thoroughly, but, I think
it is not exactly in harmony with the practice
of the House to make one committee of the
House subject to another and not other com-
mittees to which the same reasoning would
apply. There is no antagonism between the
two committees; we simply want the House to
let us know what its purposes are in regard to
(Kaca yyiafforG
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield now for
a moment to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Niblack.]
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. This ques-
tion has reached the point which I have been
fearing it would reach for a' year or two past,
a sort of contest for supremacy between two
committees of the House. Now, it is a mat-
ter about which I have not the slightest feel-
ing in the world, nor do I regard it as practi-
cally important how it is decided, except as
it may set a precedent for other cases.
Gentlemen who have served here for any
length of time will remember that it used to
be the practice of the Committee on Appro-
priations to prepare and report the river and
harbor appropriation bill, and I believe that
under the rules of the House they are still re-
quired to do so.
Mr. LYNCH. Does the gentleman state
that the Committee on Appropriations ever had
original charge of the river and harbor bill
and reported it to the House?
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiaua. Well, if my
memory is not at fault, that was the usage
formerly.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman's memory is
at fault; there was no such usage.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. This cer-
tainly was a matter which belonged to the
Committee of Ways and Means when it had
charge of the appropriations, before was
divided so as to make a Committee of Ways
and Means and a Committee on Appropria-
tions. It was in consideration of the peculiar
nature of the duties of the Committee on
Commerce and the knowledge they acquired
on this subject that some years ago it was
deemed proper that they should prepare this
bill in conjunction with the Committee on
Appropriations; and during the last Congress
the two committees did consult and inter-
change communications with each other on
the subject of apDropriations for rivers and
harbors. The Committee on Appropriations
at that time regarded what the Committee on
Commerce reported as a simple recommenda-
tion that such and such sums should be appro-
priated for the purposes of river and harbor
improvements, leaving the responsibility ot
the final decision as to how much money
should be given for these matters to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom it properly
belongs. But as business increased on the
Committee on Appropriations they conceded
more and more control of this question to the
Committee on Commerce, and now that com-
mittee insist that as a matter of right they
shall report this bill. I have no objection,
but the rules should be so amended as that the
Committee on Commerce may have entire con-
trol of this matter, which is more within their
line of duty, so far as details are concerned ;
but I insist that so long as the nale stands as it
does now, making the Committee on Appro-
priations responsible for the gross amount
appropriated and the manner in which it shall
be distributed, while disposed to defer to the
