1872.
THE CONGllESSION AL GLOBE.
247
have not examined the official statement, there
is no evidence on the files of the Department
of State in regard to the amount of these
. claims, except the ex parte evidence of the
. claimants themselves.
There is one other point that I submit to
Senators: whether we can do this with a just
regard to the memory of the men who pre-
ceded us on this floor, or who managed the
Government from its foundation. This bill,
in language which it seems to me is offensive,
assumes and declares in so many words that all
the acts of the U nited States Government relat-
ing to this controversy before 1800 were wrong.
I will read it to you. It goes on and pro-
vides for this commission. Remember, the
United States Government never acknowl-
edged the binding operation of these treaties
during the time these claims accrued, and yet
this bill declares that these commissioners,
when they pay these claims,- " shall be gov-
erned in their decisions by the principles of
justice, the law of nations, and former treaties
between the United States and France, to wit,
the treaty of amity and commerce of the 6th
of February, 1778, the treaty of alliance of the
same date, and the consular convention of the
14th of November, 1788."
Here this bill, nearly eighty years after the
proclamation of neutrality, reverses and over-
rules the decision of George Washington and
his Cabinet and the whole American people.
We now declare that we will pay these claims,
recognizing those treaties to be in full force ;
in other words, that the seventeenth and
twenty-second articles of the old treaty which
Washington declared to be inoperative and the
guarantee of the West India islands, which was
declared by the whole Government to be
applicable only to a state of defensive war,
shall be enforced.
I am not willing to legislate in any such view.
If this $5,000,000 is to be distributed among
these people let it be so. But why should we
revive these treaties and do ifhat our Govern-
ment refused to do over and over again ? And
yet that is what we do. We declare that this
money shall be distributed upon the assumption
that those treaties were in force in 1800, and
for the distribution of this mouey we revive all
those treaties which our Government always
refused to do. In other words, this bill is
based upon the French idea of our controversy,
and not upon the American idea. It is based
upon the assumption that we were wrong and
that France was right, and that we are required
to pay all the claims that grew out of the vio-
Jation of the articles of a treaty that was
declared to be inoperative upon us, not appli-
cable to the condition of affairs; a treaty that
was rejected by the executive authority, by the
judicial authority, and by express terms of
law by the legislative authority. And yet we
revive these treaties in order to distribute this
money among our citizens.
These claimants have no equity on another
ground. This policy of neutrality was adopted
at their instance, for their benefit, for their
safety, for their protection, and although they
lost in many cases, yet the actual profits dur-
ing that period of our commerce were greater
than ever before in American history. Sen-
ators may be surprised when I tell them that
our exports and imports had risen from
$31,000,000 in 1793 to $100,000,000 and over
in 1800. During this time of detentions, of
seizures, of captures, our commerce had sprung
into the greatest activity that it had ever had.
Profits and fortunes were made that bear no
comparison with those that hare been made
since. Our trade sprung up threefold in
seven years. While these people met with
large losses by detentions and seizures both by
Great Britain and France, because Great
Britain also pursued this unlawful l'oray upon
our commerce, yet owing to our position of
neutrality our flag was the only neutral flag
among the commercial and maritime nations,
and our merchants made enormons profits.
Our commerce increased threefold, and for
the first time we appeared among the nations
of the earth with the prospect in the speedy
future of becoming one of the great com-
mercial nations. Yes, sir, in seven years
our commerce, both external and internal,
increased wonderfully; our imports raised
from thirty-one to one hundred millons, and
our exports in the same ratio. Our farmers
were all occupied. The wheat and the grain
, from America fed the soldiers and the citizens
. of France. They fed Great Britain. They
j were exported to all the countries of Europe ;
and although we did suffer some losses, this
among the rest, yet the general condition of
our country, the general prosperity of the
■ country, the enormous profits made by these
same merchants more than compensated them
for all their losses. I have no doubt these
very claimants would have been glad for more
spoliation, more wars between the nations of
Europe, in order to give them an increased
profit from the neutral carrying trade which
they then enjoyed.
Now, Mr. President, there is only one other
I consideration which I desire to present, and
: then I will relieve the Senate. The passage
| of this bill, in opening up old antiquated
j claims, will, I think, have a very serious effect
' in many other directions. If a claim can be
persistently urged for seventy long years, under
the adverse circumstances that surrounded
this claim, and finally be crowned with the
success of an appropriation of $5,000,000, to
be distributed in an indefinite way among
unknown or dead claimants, how eager will
other men be to revive old and antiquated
claims. They are scattered through our whole
history. Why do you not redeem the conti-
nental money? Your act of 1792 to sustain
the public credit reduced that money to the
value of one dollar for a hundred. Why do
you not pay the children of the revolutionary
soldiers, whose fathers fought and bled and
died for us and were paid off in continental
money at one dollar for a hundred? You
promised the officers of the army in the revo-
lutionary war to give them -half pay for life;
in some cases for five years. Did you ever
perform that obligation? Why did you not
do it? Those were worthy subjects for your
consideration, and their descendants still live
and flourish among you. I might go through
our list and name an immense number of such
claims. Sir, the success of this claim of
seventy-two years' standing will give encour-
agement to the revival of a great mass of
others.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to interrupt the
Senator from Ohio. He is better booked up,
I am sure, in historical facts than I am ; but
it seems to me that he has just made a state-
ment which, if uncontradicted, would carry
with it great wrong. He says we promised to
give the officers of the Revolution half pay for
life; some of them half pay for five years.
But did we not subsequently make a bargain
with them, a compromise by which we gave
them part? I know that I voted for a number
of such bills. .
Mr. SHERMAN. I know in some cases it
was not done.
Mr. CAMERON. I think in all cases we
agreed to give all those who applied, instead
of the half pay for life, half pay for a certain
number of years, and in some cases for a cer-
tain number of years longer. It was a com-
promise, just like the compromise we are
trying to make now in favor of these poor peo-
ple who are to be wronged only because they
have waited for three quarters of a century for
the payment of their just claims. I do not see
why there should be this opposition to this
bill, and I cannot consent that an argument
shall be made here against it which is not cor-
rect, and therefore I rose to correct the Senator
from Ohio in the statement he has just made.
Mr. SHERMAN. lam very glad that my
friend from Pennsylvania will ue with me in
resisting the revival of the old claims of the
officers and soldiers of the Revolution.
Mr. CAMERON. I am not.
Mr. SHERMAN. But it is nevertheless
true that the United States did not comply
with its agreement with the soldiers and offi-
cers of the Revolution, but we did the best we
could. In the general bill establishing the
public credit we did give the officers in some
cases half pay, compounded with them, com-
| promised with them.
j Mr. CAMERON. Very well; and that is
I all that is asked now. When we were poor
and unable to pay anything we asked for time,
and the claimants have given us so much time
that now those who are not in favor of paying
this just claim use their failure to pursue us in
our troubles as an evidence that their claims
are not just.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I see that I have
■ not been successful in the chief object of my
argument, which was to convince my friend
from Pennsylvania that these claims are not
just. There is where we differ. If these claims
are just, we ought not to compound with the
claimants at twenty-five cents on the dollar,
after keeping them out of their money for
seventy-two years. Sir, there is no justice in
the claims.
| Mr. President, who can tell the effect of the
passage of this bill upon the public credit ?
If we open the door to all the multitude of
claims that may arise it will very seriously
impair the public credit. We have been pur-
suing the policy since the close of the war of
1 a gradual reduction of taxes. We have now
1 diminished our taxation until it approaches
' very near the margin of our expenditures.
We cannot now revive these old claims and
pay them. It is no time to do it. It will
affect the public credit.
Mr. President, I believe that this claim has
no merit either in law or in equity. I believe
that the Governmentof the United States never
appropriated these claims, but did all they
could to enforce them. They were abandoned
for high and justifiable public reasons, and
under circumstances that gave the parties no
| claim whatever upon the Government. They
have already received large benefits and great
profits from the policy adopted by the Gov-
ernment. This money is to go mainly to a class
of people who have no equitable claim. The
whole bill is framed with a view to parcel out
$5,000,000 among a lot of corporations who
have kept up this controversy and continued it
year after year by an organization in the city
of Washington. I think, therefore, the Senate,
where the basis of the claim originated, cannot
do better than at once put its signet of disap-
proval upon it. I hardly expect that, because I
know a kindly usage has sprung up in the
Senate, by which because one Senate thirty or
forty years ago passed a bill, therefore it is
held this Senate must do it. That has got to
be a general idea, and this French spoliation
bill has passed the Senate on,something like
that idea. It passed the Senate in 1835, and
therefore it must pass the Senate in 1892, or
1950, and be sent to the House. But I do
think after the lapse of time that has occurred
we might at least say, " Let, this controversy
be buried ; let these claims be abandoned ;
they will be no good precedent."
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, many
years ago I spoke and voted against a bill
similar to this, which was then pending in the
House of Representatives. I at that time
carefully and conscientiously studied the ques-
tion, and arrived at a conclusion that was
satisfactory to my mind, and I have seen no
reason to change the opinion I then formed.
I know very well that very plausible argu-
ments may be made, and have been made,
and have the sanction, too, of great names, in
support of the relief provided in this bill ; but
I cannot, with all the deference that I am
accustomed to pay to precedentsand to author-
ity and to the weight of great names, bring my
