1212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
utmost extent always to the opinions expressed
by the Committee on Commerce, that our
right shall not be taken away from us without
some amendment of the rules.
Mr. LYNCH. There is no rule of the
House which gives this bill to the Committee
on Appropriations. They have charge of the
regular annual appropriations, but not of
appropriations of this kind.
Mr. DICKEY. Is not this an annual
appropriation ?
Mr. LYNCH. Not at all. The Committee
on Appropriations require this bill for some
purpose ; it is either to examine it in detail
as it has already been examined by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, or not to examine it.
If they propose to examine it in that way they
will have no time to do it and report it to the
House. What is asked is that the bill shall
be referred to them as a mere formal matter,
and that they shall then report it to the House
and permit the Committee on Commerce to
take charge of the bill. No other committee
would submit to that.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. There is no
more reason why the Committee on Commerce
should originate and have control of the river
and harbor appropriation bill than there is
that the Committee 011 Military Affairs should
originate and report the Army appropriation
bill, or the Committee on Naval Affairs the
Navy appropriation bill. It is merely as a
matter of convenience and of courtesy that
this river and harbor appropriation bill has
Been left, with the Committee on Commerce.
Thai, however, does not do away with the
propriety and responsibility of the Committee
on Appropriations assuming a general control
of the appropriations for the several Depart-
ments of the Government. So far as I am
personally concerned, I do not care anything
about this bill; I do not want anything to do
with it. But I think there is a question in-
volved which should be settled now.
' Mr. FARNSWORTH. While there maybe
some propriety 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I believe I must
now resume the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] had the
floor; and he has now surrendered it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I had the floor,
and yielded it to the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would inquire how
this discussion is proceeding?
The SPEAKER. By general consent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I object to any
further debate, if it is to be controlled in this
way.
Mr. DICKEY. I raise the point of order
that the Committee on Commerce have no
right to move, through one of its members,
that this bill be made a special order.
The SPEAKER. That point would not be
changed by sending this bill to the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. DICKEY. That makes no difference.
I raise the point of order.
The SPEAKER. The annual appropriation
bills named in the rules are some ten or twelve
in number, and this is not one of them. But
for years it has been a regular annual appro-
priation bill, and, as the House need not be
informed by the Chair, it, covers vast interests
in which great sections of the country are con-
cerned more so perhaps than some of the
ordinary regular appropriation bills. It has
been the custom of the House to make the
liter and harbor appropriation bill a special
order m Committee of the Whole. The rules
do not specifically allow that to be done; but
at the same time the Chair, unless overruled
by the House, would not sustain that point of
order. The Chair, because of the usage of
years, would allow the motion to be enter-
tained to make this bill a special order in Com-
mittee of the Whole, so that it may be kept
within the control of the majority of the House,
although he is quite aware that, as intimated
first by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Fabns-
worth,] and then by the gentlemau from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Dickey,] the rules do not spe-
cifically allow such action to be taken on the
bill. But usage does allow it.
Mr. CONGER. There were several years
that no bill of this kind was reported from
any committee.
Mr. DAWES. This has always been
treated as one of the regular annual appro-
priation bills, for the reason that the Speaker
has stated, and therefore always considered
one of the appropriation bills of which the
Committee on Appropriations have charge.
The .SPEAKER. The only point now is
that the Chair will entertain a motion to make
it a special order in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How long does it
take to establish a custom ? There were years
when no such bill as this was reported to the
House at all.
Mr. DAWES. My recollection is that one
year, in the Fortieth Congress, I believe, when
the Committee on Appropriations was busy
with other matters, the Committee on Com-
merce was allowed to originate and report
this bill. Ever since I have been in Congress,
with that exception, the Committee of Ways
and Means at first, and afterward the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, have had control
over this bill. There was always a conflict as
to which committee the subject should be first
referred. Sometimes it would be referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and some-
times to the Committee 011 Commerce, just? as
gentlemen felt they had more friends on the
one committee or the other.
When I went upon the Committee on Ap-
propriations I had a conference, with the in-
structions of my committee, with the Commit-
tee on Commerce. That conference resulted
in the arrangement that in the beginning only
we would give to the Committee on Commerce
all these matters to consider and report in a
bill, and then that the bill so reported should
be referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, which committee would report it back
to the House with such recommendations as
they felt the general expenditures of the coun-
try required them to make. That is the history
of the matter since I have been in Congress.
_ Mr. CONGER. I desire to say that all
bills, memorials, &c., relating to the subject
of rivers and harbors have, by order of the
House, been sent to the Committee on Com-
merce, the only committee which, under the
rules, has jurisdiction of this subject-matter.
But, because a few years ago, when my friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] was Chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations,
they announced that they would oppose every
bill making appropriations for rivers and har-
bors, unless such bills were referred to them,
and that committee permitted to become their
godfather in this House, we yielded the point,
rather than jeopardize oar bills; and we
have continued to do so from year to year.
But unless the Committee on Appropriations
can have this bill sent to them time enough to
enable them to do what the Committee on
Commerce has done, to spend days and nights,
and weeks and mouths, in studying the
subject 
Mr. PETERS. And Sundays, too.
Mr. CONGER. And Sundays, too, as my
friend from Maine [Mr. Peters] suggests.
Unless the Committee on Appropriations can
thus give full time to the examination of the
bill, there can be no reason in sending it to
them. If sent to them under the present cir-
cumstances, what can they do? It is true
they can, without examination, strike out one
appropriation and double another; they can
report the bill to the House in just the shape
that pleases them; but 
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, what is the reg-
ular order ?
The SPEAKER. A motion that is not de-
batable
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The regular order,
I believe, is the motion to adjourn.
Mr. CONGER. It is for the members of
the House to say which committee they have
most confidence in with respect to bills of this
kind.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I insist on the
motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. If the motion to adjourn
is insisted on, the question must.be taken.
The question boiug taken; there were—ayes
32, noes 73.
Mr. KERR called for the yeas and nays'.
Mr. SAWYER. If there be no objection, I
will withdraw the bill for the present.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to withdraw it.
The bill was withdrawn.
Mr KERR moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and, accordingly,
(at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BLAINE (the Speaker:) The petition
of laborers of the Interior Department, pray-
ing an increase of pay.
By Mr. BIRD: The petition of S. D. & R.
Slack, of Frenchtown, New Jersey, in favor
of striking out the words " and wholly printed
and" from the bill abolishing the franking
privilege.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The petition
of D. L. Calkins, in regard to the postal laws.
Also, the petition of D. Lee & Son, in regard
to the postal laws.
By Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois: The memo-
rial of merchants of New Boston, Illinois, on
French spoliation claims.
Also, the memorials of W. H. Haskell, Wil-
liam M. Kennedy, William J. Ward, and of J.
H. Cook, on thesubjcct of newspaper postage.
By Mr. McCLELLAND. The petition of
Hermann Ott, Hugh Daugherty, John Tate,
Hugh White, and 67 others, citizens of Beaver
county. Pennsylvania, stating that about one
hundred and sixty-five Chinese laborers have
been imported for a cutlery company, located
in the borough of Beaver Falls, in said county,
thereby causing the discharge from the works
of the white American mechanics and work-
men; that two hundred more Chinese, direct
from China, are said to be engaged and on the
way for the same cutlery and other works of the
same company, to the exclusion from the works
of our own people; that contracts have been
made, through one of their own race, for long
periods of servitude on their part, at wages
so low as to forbid competition by American
workmen; that their habits are so debasing as
to insure the demoralization and degradation
of all Christian communities brought in con-
tact with them; that their introduction into the
United States, in the manner in which it is done,
shows a manifest attempt to revive the insti-
tution of slavery ; and that it is an act of bad
faith toward the workpeople of Pennsylvania
and of the United States, inasmuch as that
the protection of thirty-five to fifty per cent,
against the importation of foreign cutlery was
enacted for the purpose of protecting the
American laborer against cheap foreign labor ;
and asking that, as a means, therefore, to be
saved from such evils, and in behalf of their
own workpeople, Congress will pass a law
prohibiting any further importation of Chi-
nese laborers under contracts made in China;
or that it will authorize the free importation
from foreign countries of such articles or
manufactures as are or may be produced in
the United States by and through Chinese
cheap labor so contracted for.
