1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
the other party if the abrogation was without
just cause.
Hence the United States had a perfect right
to put an end to that treaty. But then comes
the question did she do so upon sufficient
cause ? If she did, she was subject to no just
reclamation on the part of France. Her Con-
gress said she had sufficient cause ; the act
that repealed it said she had sufficient cause ;
the President who approved that act said she
had sufficient cause. And now are we, at the
end of three quarters of a century afterward,
to sit in review upon the act of our fathers and
say that what they solemuly declared, namely,
that for good and sufficient cause they abrogated
that treaty, was false and a mere pretext in
order to do wrong? I, for one, sir, cauuot do
it. I believe that Congress was justified in
repealing that treaty. I believe that the causeB
which were alleged for its repeal were sufficient
to justify her, not simply in putting an end to
the treaty, but to justify her against all claims
for reclamation on the part of France.
The treaty was at an end; France had no
valid claim whatsoever upon us; and this was
the state of the case when these spoliations by
the French commenced. They continued for a
long time, and finally, just before the forma-
tion of the treaty of 1800, Mr. Murray, our
minister to France, writing to the Department
here, said these claims were not worth one
cent on the dollar, for France never would
pay one cent upon them. The Government of
the United States had exhausted its power of
remonstrance, negotiation, argument, marque
and reprisal, and France was perfectly immov-
able in her determination never to pay one
cent of these claims.
That was the state of the case. And then,
sir, in the treaty of 1800, the prosecution of
these claims, worth nothing whatever, upon
which nothing would ever have been obtained,
was formally abandoned by the Government
of the United States; and on the other hand
the claims of France upon us, which were
wholly invalid according to the solemn deter-
mination of the American Congress and the
American President, and the uniform decis-
ion of the American Government, were also
abandoned ; and so the old treaty of amity and
commerce, which was at an end by the action
of Congress long before by the act repealing
it, was at last publicly buried out of sight.
That is the whole of the case. The Govern-
ment of the United States never received the
value of a farthing for its agreement not to
prosecute these claims. The Government of
France never yielded up one cent of just
claim to which she was entitled against the
Government of the United States. It was a
simple formal renouncement of claims on the
one side that had no legal validity, and on the
other side that had no actual value.
This, Mr. President, in short, is in my judg-
ment the whole of this matter, and I will not
detain the Senate by saying a word more.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Mr. President,
I do not propose to speak on this subject at any
length, if I have voice enough to go on at all.
This is an old question; it is historic in our
annals. I suppose there is not an American
Btudent who is tolerably well informed that
does not understand the general attitude of
this case and the points upon which hitherto
for the last forty years ana more Congress has
recognized the validity of this claim. If there
is any settled question in our history, if it is
practicable by a series of legislation to de-
termine that a question is res adjudicata, this
;s that question. Its recognition begins as
early as 1802, when by a committee of Con-
gress the validity, its justice, and the binding
obligation of the Government to pay the claim
was recognized and stated. It is repeated,
with two exceptions, forty-one times since,
and by the most eminent men and- statesmen,
jurists, and scholars that have been known to
our history since we have been a Government;
and even the honorable Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman,] who has with such zeal and
ability iterated and reiterated his convictions
on this subject to the contrary, has told you
that in a consciousness of the justice of this
claim the people of this country have in all
these seventy years been urging on their rep-
resentatives to pay a claim which is not only
familiar io the history of our country, but is
part and parcel of the consideration of the
very liberties we enjoy.
It is an easy thing to throw dust and sus-
picion over a claim which happens to come down
from a former period, no matter how, no mat-
ter by what considerations it has been de-
layed ; but here is the general fact pateut,
which nobody denies, nobody controverts, that
this claim has had the recognition of the Con-
gress of the United States time and time again.
Through the whole period of our existeuce as
a Government, beginning in 1802 and lasting
to the year 1872, this has been upon your
Calendar in one House and the other almost in
perpetual succession, and passed the Congress
of the United States twice.
I shall not undertake to do more than state
two or three propositions on which this claim
rests, and then I shall be done. In the first
place, had our citizens claims ? That is con-
ceded on all hands. Had they valid claims
against the Government of France for viola-
tions of the principles of international law in
the seizure of their property? Did the Gov-
ernment of the United States recognize that
fact? Certainly; for as early as 1793—cut-
ting off the idea of my honorable friend from
Ohio furthest from me [Mr. Thubman] that
those claims did not originate until after
1798—Washington called upon American cit-
izens to send in their claims against France,
assuring them that they would receive the
attention of tha Government, which would
enforce them agaiust France. Then it is true
that the American citizens had claims, valid
claims, and claims which the Government of
the United States recognized and said they
would enforce, arid which my honorable friend
tells you they struggled to enforce. Some-
times, he tells you, they made absolute war to
enforce them, and at other times they came
very near the verge of war. Nobody denies
that; that is historic. That lays the founda-
tion for this claim.
Now, what is the next proposition? The
next question is, had France claims against us
which might be a valid consideration as an off-
set? Both Senators from Ohio have argued
no, she had not. It is of very little consequece
for the purposes of this argument whether she
had or not; but there is a great deal of history
upon that subject, and I am sorry to say that
when the history comes to be written it will
not be creditable to our country. France had
a treaty of alliance with us by which she
guarantied our dependence, and growing out
of which and in attempting in good faith to
execute which she spent much blood and two
hundred millions of treasure it is said and not
denied. What was our obligation? Why, sir,
our obligation was that we would guarantee
her possessions in the West Indies and we
would do certain other things; we would ad-
mit her privateers into our ports and into our
prize courts. Did we keep that? Nobody
pretends that we did. Did we break faith
with France upon that subject? Everybody
knows we did. On what pretext, sir? Iam
not arraigning my country, but I am stating a
fact patent in our history. We did ; we re-
fused to keep that stipulation. More than
that, while France, our old ally and friend,
who had given us our independence, was in
the struggle with England and all Europe, we
recognized our old enemy and gave her the
same privileges in our portB to the extent which
we had agreed to give France and to the exclu-
sion of France. Was that good faith ? But I
am not to argue that, because in the view I
take of the subject it is of no sort of conse-
quence whether she had valid claims or not.
She made claims against us on that account.
She said she would arraign us before the
forum of the earth, that we had not kept good
faith with our old ally and friend, but in the
spirit of perfidy had made alliance with her, and
our old enemy when she was in trouble, and
therefore she would make claims against us on
that account.
Now, sir, so far as this argument is con-
cerned, it is not of the slightest consequence in
the world whether she had a valid claim or
not. She made a claim, and although she con-
ceded that she had violated the rights of inter-
national law in seizing the property of our
citizens, she never denied payment; that is to
say, she never denied an adjustment and set-
tlement, although she denied her liability
She admitted it, however, through her minis-
ters when this thing was going on. She said :
" It is wrong, but we are driven to this great ne-
cessity, we are driven to it by the pressure of cir-
cumstances, by this combination in Europe against
us. and we are driven to it by your own conduct in
not keeping your treaty stipulations with us."
That was the condition of things. We had
claims against France, as she conceded, for
the spoliation of our commerce. She claimed
that she had a large balance of claims against
us. In the language of Talleyrand, when he
was pressed upon this subject, their claims
antedated ours and were more numerous and
vastly more exigent than ours.
Now, Mr. President, you have two facts
which form the basis of my consideration of
this question. First, you have the claims of
our citizens against France and the recog-
nition of the claims both by France and this
country. Next, France made other claims,
made claims against us; and she demanded
that those claims should be taken into consid-
eration in any adjustment which might be
made between the two countries.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has
gone over this whole subject, has told you how
our Government urged these claims up to the
very point of war, and bow France resigted.
Resisted what? The payment of these claims
except upon an adjustment of all the claims.
8he put our claims into chancery.
Mr. SHERMAN. She had no private claims.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No; but she
had national claims. That is the very strength
of this case. The very strength of this case
is that she pressed the consideration of na-
tional claims against the consideration of pri-
vate claims. Whoever reads the correspond-
ence, and particularly that of Talleyrand, will
see how he makes the injuries of France and
the claims of France loom up before the world
in comparison with the claims which we were
presenting and the acts we were complaining
of. France in her extremity had been forced
to seize our merchant vessels to feed her suf-
fering people. In no other sense did she do
it. She Baid so at the time, and the record is
full of it. "We are forced to do this thing by
your own conduct; by abrogating our treaty
and making a treaty of commerce with Great
Britain you have forced us to do this thing."
Sir, when you consider that the claims which
we made were private and only extended to a
few millions, and consider ou the other hand
the claims which France made against us and
the charges which she brought against us,
accusing us of bad faith, turning upon our old
friend and ally, and claiming that her damages
were national, amounting to many millions,
hundreds of millions, you begin to see the
magnitude of the claims she brought against
us. But now my honorable friend says she
had no claims at all, and his colleague repeats
it, "she had no claims at all." History will
Bettle that, and I should be very glad to feel
that my country was on the right side in it.
These two propositions being conceded, as
they are on the other side, what follows ?
What did our Government do in regard to
these claims? Did it do any publie act in
regard to the claims thus recognized which
makes the Government responsible for them?
