1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2173
That the Senate recede from their third amend-
ment striking out section six and agree to the same
with an amendment, as follows:
Insert in lieu of said section the following:
lhat section fifty-five of the act of July 20,1868,
as amended by ithe act ot Juno 6, J872, be further
amended by adding to the first paragraph of said sec-
tion the words: "Provided further, That the bonds
required to be given for the exportation of distilled
spirits shall be cancelled upon the presentation of
satisfactory proof and certificate that said distilled
spirits have been landed at the port of destination
named in the bill of lading, or upon satisfactory
proof that after shipment the same was lost at sea
without fault or neglect of the owner or shipper
thereof."
And the House agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their fourth amend-
ment.
JOHN SHERMAN,
JOHN SCOTT,
Managers on the part of tile Senate.
HORATIO C. BURCHARD,
ELLIS H. ROBERTS,
JAMES B. BECK,
Manager z oil the part of the House.
The report was concurred in,
legislative, etc , appropriation bill.
Mr. WRIGHT. J now move that the Sen-
ate resume the consideration of the conference
report on the legislative appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The*report
is before the Senate, and the question is on
agreeing to it.
Mr. WRIGHT. I made the motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration of this report, not
because I have any anxiety for its considera-
tion, but for the purpose of getting the matter
before the Senate and having a disposition of
the question involved. I suppose it will not
be in order to move to recommit this bill with
instructions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER [Mr. Ed-
MUNns.] It is in order, as the Chair under-
stands.
Mr. WRIGHT. Accepting then the decis-
ion of the Chair, I move that the report be
recommitted to the committee of conference,
with instructions to strike out all that is con-
tained in the amendment reported back on the
subject of salaries, except so much as relates
to the salary of the President. I do not
remember the number of the amendment, but
I refer to that portion of the report that relates
to the salaries of the President and members
of the Senate and House of Representatives,
and the officers mentioned in that connection.
My motion is, that the report be recommitted,
with these instructions.
I shall not take up the time of the Senate in
saying anything upon the motion. We all un-
derstand precisely the question that is involved.
It was discussed the other evening in the Sen-
ate. I hope the vote may be taken, and we can
thus get the sense of the Senate upon the ques-
tion. I ask for the yeas and nays upon the
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question. The Senator from
Iowa moves that this report be recommitted
to the committee of conference with instruc-
tions to the Senate conferees to insist on the
striking out from the amendment pending be-
tween the two Houses of all that relates to the
salaries of Senators, members of Congress,
and Delegates, and all in that connection ex-
cept in relation to the office of President. The
question is on agreeing to the motion ot the
Senator from Iowa, and on that motion he
demands the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. If that
motion is amendable, I move to amend it—-
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Illinois rises to a question of order,
which he will state.
Mr TRUMBULL. I was trying to get the
attention of the Chair while he was stating
the question, to a question of order, that the
motion of the Senator from Iowa is not in
order; that it is not competent lor the Senate
to instruct a committee of conference. It is
subversive of the very idea of a conference.
If the conferees on the part of the Senate are
to be instructed in a certain way, what is the
use of conferring ? That would be the end of
a conference. A conference must be full and
free, so that the conferees of the one House
can confer with the conferees of the other.
Such a thing as instructing a committee of
conference is to me a new proposition ; and I
insist, and ask a decision of the Chair, lhat
the motion is not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state his decision before he allows the ap-
peal. The Chair overrules the point of order
on the ground that it is laid down in the books
on parliamentary practice, one of which, Bar-
clay's Digest, the Chair holds in his hand:
"A committee of conference may be instructed
like any other committee, but the instructions can-
not be moved when the papers are not before the
House."
The papers are now before this House, and
the motion is to instruct the agents of the Sen-
ate to insist upon a certain modification of a
pending amendment. The Chair, therefore,
is of opinion that the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Iowa is in order. Upon that ques-
tion the Senator from Illinois appeals from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Chair be good
enough to hav<9 read what is said upon that
subject?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
The Chair read it, but he will have it read
again
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have
it read and see what the statement is.
The Chief-Clerk read from Barclay's Digest,
page 78, as follows:
"A commiitec of conference may be instructed
like any other committee, but the instructions can-
not be moved when the papers are not before the
House."
Mr. TRUMBULL. The only sentence that
I see in this book is included in brackets, and
no'authority is referred to to sustain it. It
said:
"Where a conference committee is unable to
agree, that fact is reported, and another committee
is usually asked for and appointed."
. Various authorities are referred to in sup-
port of that proposition:
" So, too. when a report is disagreed to, another
conference usually takes place."
Then follows in brackets:
"[A committee of conference may be instructed
like any other committee, but the instructions can-
not be moved when the papers are not before the
House.]"
That would apply to the instructing of a
committee. This is a report of a committee
of conference after the committee of confer-
ence have agreed. I submit that the author-
ity referred to is not this case. When the
original conferees had been appointed, or,
if this report is rejected and another confer-
ence is called for, .and this statement is author-
ity, it might be competent to instruct the
conferees whom we should appoint: but it
seems to me that it is not competent to recom-
mit the report of a committee of conference
with instructions. We must do one thing or
the other: we may reject it and ask for an-
other committee of conference, and then we
might instruct our conferees : but I submit it
is not competent for one House to recommit
the report of a conference committee with in-
structions, and lhat the authority referred to
does not sustain any such position. There-
fore I appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WRIGIIT. It seems to me that the
argument of the Senator from Illinois is not
only in the face of the authority presented,
but also in the face of his own logic. What
that authority clearly means is this: that after
a conference committee has been raised and
the papers have gone to such a committee,
and before they have reported, it is not in the
power of the Senate to instruct them, because
the papers are not then before the body ; but
where they have made their report, then the
same power is in the body to instruct, or, if
you desire, to recommit, as was in the body
before you first referred the matter to the com-
mittee. That is all the authority means, and
that is the logic of the thing. It would be
strange indeed if the body having before it the
papers and proposing to send them to a com-
mittee had not the power to say to that com-
mittee, ''You shall be governed by such and
such instructions." That is all that is pro-
posed in this case. The Senator says that if
we reject this report and send it to another
committee, we could send it with instructions.
Why not now recommit it to the committee
with instructions on the same logic and prin-
ciple?
Mr. NYE. Because they have agreed. I
desired to ask the Senator before he sat down
what he says upon that portion of the rule
which says "where they may have agreed."
There is no such thing as instructions when
they have agreed.
Mr. WEIGHT. There is nothing said about
their agreement, as I understand.
Mr. NYE. They could not be instructed to
disagree very well. Here is the language :
" "Where a conference committee is unable to
agree, that fact is reported, and another committee
is usually asked for and appointed."
But if they do agree, the Senate cannot go
further than ratify or reject what they do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the Senate? [After putting the question.]
The Chair is unable to decide.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon this pure question
of order I hope the Senate will lay aside for
the present all consideration of the merits of
the proposition, and only look to the question
of order, because we are about to set a pre-
cedent which may bother us hereafter. A
committee of conference is not to be at all un-
like any other committee of the body. We
cannot instruct the conferees on the part of
the House, but we may instruct the conferees
on the part of. the Senate. They are appointed
just like any other committee. They are the
organ of the Senate, the medium of commun-
ication with the House ; just as an ordinary
committee is the medium of an examination
into the merits of a bill; and there is no dif-
ference in that respect between a committee
of conference and any other committee. I
remember a precedent which probably some
other Senators may recall. Five or six years
ago there was a controversy between the two
Houses as to the power of the House of Rep-
resentatives over the pay of its employ6s.
The House undertook by resolution to increase
the pay of the employls of the House. The
Senate refused to accede to it. There were
two or three committees of conference, and
there was great danger of losing one of the
important appropriation bills. Toward the last,
at the close of the session, I remember bring-
ing the question to the Senate, reporting the
case back and asking for the instructions of
the Senate. The subject wasdebated at some
length and the Senate instructed its conferees
to recede from their position and pass the bill.
I remember lhat case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Was not that where
there was a disagreement after the conferees
had made a report?
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; that was the
case; it was the case of a disagreement be-
tween the two Houses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that is the very
point.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President, a
committee never can rise higher than its
