1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI
1218
By Mr. MANSON: The memorial of H. D.
Hesse, Justin Ross, J. G-. Pearson, William
P. Rhodes, John H. Messner, B. P. Gregory,
and 60 others, of Williamsport, Indiana, pray-
ing Congress to make an appropriation to
improve the outlet to the harbor of Toledo,
Ohio, by the construction of a permanent and
direct channel through the Maumee bay, of
sufficient width and depth to admit vessels of
the largest class used in the lake trade.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The memorial of citi-
zens of the_ State of Tennessee, praying that
Congress will take some action in regard to
the subject of immigration.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition of Ri-
naldo Sank, William M. Abbey, A. Teller,
M. Anathan, L. Herbert, Stephen 0. Fuguet,
David L. Ketler, and 122 others, business
men of Philadelphia, praying the passage of a
law abolishing the Internal Revenue Bureau.
Also, the petition of Edward Brady, praying
that an act may be passed authorizing the
Commissioner of Patents to issue a patent to
him for improvement in safety-valves for steam
boilers.
By Mr. PACKARD: The petitions of John
B. Conner, publisher of the Gazette, Kentland,
Indiana; B Zimmerman, publisher of the
Messenger, Valparaiso, Indiana; 0. Mussel-
man, publisher of the Ledger, Knox, Indiana;
W. J. Huff, publisher of the Herald, Monti-
cello, Indiana; Timothy Cleveland, publisher
of the Herald, Crown Point, Indiana; John
Millikan, publisher of the Republican, Ply-
mouth, Indiana; and E. R. Beebe, publisherof
the Star, Lowell, Indiana; for an amendment to
the postal bill now before Congress, so that it
may not discriminate against publishers of
country newspapers.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of
Messrs. Sands & Sweet, praying relief against
proposed legislation discriminating against,
their business.
Also, the petition of Hugh McCollough for
a pension.
By Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York: The
memorial of Reid R. Throckmorton, for assist-
ance from the United Stales Government for
the discovery of locomotive tubular boilers.
post route bill.
The following bill was introduced, and re-
ferred under the rule to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads :
By Mr. STOWELL: A bill to establish a
post road from St. Tammany, via Shaw's Store
and Joyceville, to Marengo.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 10, 1873.
Prayer by Rev. William Brush, D. I)., of
Iowa.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
the proceedings of Friday last was dispensed
with.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Interior,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate, con-
cerning the Union Pacific and Central Pacific
Railroad Companies' receipts, &c.; which was
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail
road, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of War, returning the resolution
of the Senate of the 29th ultimo, relative to
enlisting a company of Indian scouts to serve
against the Modoc Indians, together with the
report of the General of the Army thereon ;
which, on motion of Mr. Corbett, was re
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a report
of the surveyor general of New Mexico on i
private land claims; which was referred :o |
the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a reso-
lution of the Legislature of Kansas, in favor
of the passage of Senate bill No. 1257, for the
relief of settlers on the Cherokee neutral
lands; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of North Carolina, in regard to the
branch mint at Charlotte, in that State ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of offi-
cers, clerks, and employes in the legislative
and Executive Departments at Washington,
prajing the passage of the bill before the Sen-
ate (S. No. 1276) to provide against the evils
resulting from the sale of intoxicating liquors ;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition af citizens of
Ohio, praying for a prohibition of the manu-
facture, importation, and sale of all intoxicat-
ing liquors to be used as a beverage within the
United States Territories and the District of
Columbia; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a me-
morial of the Pioneer Society of Detroit, Michi-
gan, praying that an appropriation be made
for the purchase of certain original and import-
ant documents relating to the early French
discoveries on the lakes and the Mississippi,
never yet published ; which was referred to
the Committee on Education and Labor.
He also presented a memorial of the com-
mon council of the city of Port Huron, Michi-
gan, praying for the passage of the House bill
providing for the sale of the cemetery located
on the FortGiatiotmilitary reservation ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented the
petition of Charles Gordon, of Washington,
District of Columbia, praying for the exten-
sion of his patent for a mathematical pro-
tractor ; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents.
Mr. SCHURZ presented a memorial of mer-
chants and others of St. Louis, Missouri, pro-
testing against the repeal of the bankrupt law;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of R. F.
Walton, publisher of the Christian County
Herald, of Christian county, Missouri, remon-
strating against the passage of tbe bill before
Congress regulating the postage on printed
matter; which w-as referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Harrison L. Henry, publisher of the Kankakee
Herald, of the city of Kankakee, Kankakee
county, Illinois, remonstrating against the pass-
age of the bill before Congress regulating the
postage on printed matter; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of
citizens of Minnesota, remonstrating against
the passage of a bill relating to the pine lands
of that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of Henry
Hinds, publisherof the Argus, of Scott county,
Minnesota, and the petition of T. G. Bolton,
publisher of the Eyota Advertiser, of Olm-
sted county, Minnesota, remonstrating against
the passage of the bill before Congress regu-
lating the postage on printed matter; which
were referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. SCOTT presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, in favor of legis-
lation for the permanent improvement of the
navigation of the Ohio river; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT presented apetitionof the sol-
diers convention, held on January 19, 1873,
at Shelbyville, Indiana, praying the Senate
to pass the soldiers' homestead land bounty
bill; which was referred to Committee on
Public Lands.
rr He also presented the petition of William
H. Mattingly, of Rochester, Indiana, pub-
lisher of the Union Spy, praying for an amend-
ment of the postal laws, so that the publishers
of weekly newspapers may be put upon the
same footing ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of Samuel
B. Lauffer, late captain and assistant quarter
master United States Army, praying to be
allowed a pension at the rate of fifty-five dol-
lars per month; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FEN TON presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Minnesota, remonstrating against the
passage of the bill (H._R, No. 1027) to per-
fect navigation on the Mississippi river; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. AMES presented the petition of Frank-
lin Smith, of Canton, Mississippi, praying an
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. WRIGHT presented three petitions of
publishers of newspapers in Iowa, praying an
amendment to the postal laVs; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. WRIGHT. I also present a memorial
of some four hundred citizens of the county
of O' Brien and other counties of the State of
Iowa, protesting against the extension of time
for the completion of the McGregor and West
line of O'Brien county railroad. As the sub-
ject has been disposed of, I move that the
memorial line on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented a petition of
citizens of Nebraska, praying for an extension
of the money-order system ; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
He also presented the petition of Henry
Kelsey, publisher of the Merrick County News,
Nebraska, praying that the words " and wholly
printed and" be omitted from the pending
amendment to the postal laws ; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. POOL presented a resolution of the
Legislature of North Carolina, in regard to the
branch mint of Charlotte, in that State ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
' He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of North Carolina, in regard to tbe
branch mint of Charlotte, in that State ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN presented two petitions of
citizens of Ohio, manufacturers of tobacco,
wholesale dealers in manufactured tobacco,
and dealers in leaf tobacco, praying that no
change in the law be made as regards the re-
tail sale of leaf tobacco; which were referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented resolutions of the Im-
porters and Grocers' Board of Trade of New
York, remonstrating against the repeal of the
bankrupt law ; which were ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented three petitions of citizens
of Ohio, soldiers in the late war, praying the
passage of the soldiers' bounty land bill; which
were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SHERMAN. I also present a memo-
rial of the Board of Trade of the city of Cleve-
land, and also of the City Council of the city
of Cleveland, which set forth at considerable
length the importance of the commerce of Lake
Erie; that there is no harbor of refuge from
the islands to Buffalo; that the amount of
commerce there is now over 550,000,000 a
