2174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
source. A committee of conference is merely
the agent, the employ^, the designated officer,
you may say, for the time being of the Senate.
The Senate may at any time recall the con-
ferees. They may take their position and
adhere upon any amendment; and it is per-
fectly in order now for me, the papers being
before us, to move that the Senate adhere to
its rejection of the proposition of the House.
We may adhere, we may insist, we may agree,
we may do anything upon this question that
would affect this bill. This bill is before us.
We have before us the amendments proposed
by the committee of conference. We may
recommit them to another committee; we may
recommit them to the same committee; we
may instruct our conferees to agree or dis-
agree, to insist, or to adhere. Therefore, I
hope that the vote of the Senate will not now
cripple the power of the Senate over commit-
tees of conference.
Mr. NYE. Let me ask the Senator a ques-
tion. Must not the Senate first reject this
report ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. The report
is before us, and the question is, shall we agree
to the report? We may not agree to it; we
may reject it; we may reject it with conditions;
we may reject it with instructions. If we agree
to it we must agree to it as a whole ; but until
we do agree to it we have a right to instruct
our conferees. We have a right to recede from
one of the amendments in order to avoid a
difficulty between the two Houses. A motion
to recede now would be perfectly in order.
The whole question is open before us.
I hope, therefore, whatever may be the vote
in regard to the proposition itself, that we may
decide this question of order simply as a ques-
tion of order, as the decision now may affect
the future action of the Senate on other im-
portant questions. I think the Chair is clearly
right. Mr. Barclay, who is never wrong on a
question of order, is certainly a good guide.
Mr. CAMERON. It seems strange to me
that gentlemen who have been so long in this
body should differ so widely on this subject.
I have never known in my service here of any
instructions being given to a committee of con-
ference. It may be that we have the power to
do it. Certainly we have the power to do just
as we please with our agents ; but to my mind
the meaning of a conference is that the agents
of the two Houses shall be sent there to do
the best they can for their respective principals.
Whenever we appoint a committee of confer-
ence, we appoint a majority favorable to the
decision of our own body. In this case the
conferees have met and have made a report,
and I do not see how you can instruct them
after that. Of course you can vote down their
report, or you may adopt the report. I would
rather have the question fairly presented by a
motion that we do not accept the report of the
committee. That would be the better way of
getting at it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I cannot agree with
the Senator from Ohio that the rule of order
establishes that a conference report may be
amended or altered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not say that, if my
friend will allow me.
Mr. STEVENSON. That is the result,
though, of the Senator's position. A confer-
ence report is nothing but the reasons given
as to a free conference for the result arrived
at. You cannot amend it, you cannot alter it;
but you can reject it and ask to have another
conference. Now the Senator from Ohio says
that he did not say it could be altered. If
you refer this report back with instructions,
you do alter it, you do interfere with it, and
that is beyond the power of a parliamentary
body so far as a conference report goes. Turn-
ing to Jefferson's Manual, I find it stated that
conferences—
"are meant chiefly to record the justification of
each House to the nation at largo, and to posterity,
•ttud in proof that the miscarriage of a necessary
measure is not imputable to them. (3 Grey, 255.) At
free conferences, the managers discuss, viva voce and
freely, and interchange propositions for such modi-
fications as may be made in a parliamentary way,
and may bring the sense of the two Houses together.
And each party reports in writing to their respective
Houses the substance of what is said on both sides,
and it is entered in their journals. (9 Grey, 220 ; 3
Hats., 280.) This report cannot be amended or
altered, as that of a committee may be."
Now, ifthe Senate possess the power to refer
back a report of a conference committee with
instructions as to what that conference shall
agree upon, it is no longer a free conference,
and it is virtually a violation of that, rule which
declares that no conference report shall be
touched in any manner. Why, sir, the very
reason of the thing ought to satisfy the Senator
from Ohio that he is wrong.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me 1o suggest to the
Senator right there that he might read the pro-
vision of the same rule which gives the dis-
tinction between a free conference and a sim-
ple conference where instructions are given.
Mr. STEVENSON. To be sure, you may
have a simple conference, as my friend from
Illinois says, or a free conference. If you
have free conference, the conferees meet and
interchange reasons and report the reasons to
the House, and they are recorded. When they
have done that, it is not in the power of either
House to interfere with the report unless they
disagree and refer it back to another confer-
ence. If that were not so, a free conference
would be nothing. If you can refer a confer-
ence report back with instructions, it is no
longer the result of a free conference ; it is the
distinction of the majority of either body; and
adhering to the rule, so far as my limited ex-
perience goes, that a conference report cannot
be interfered with in any manner, it seems to
me clear and indisputable that after a free
conference the report must be accepted or
rejected. If rejected, you can have another
conference; if accepted, their report passes
the bill.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely wish to call the
attention of the Senate to one point. I do
not wish to discuss, in fact I am not sufficiently
familiar with the rules to undertake to discuss
a question of parliamentary law. The only
rule that I can find on this subject is a joint
rule of the Senate and House, in these words:
" In every case of an amendment of a bill agreed
to ill odd House and dissented to in the other, if
either House shall request a conference, and ap-
point a committee for that purpose, and the other
House shall also appoint a committee to confer, such
committee shall, at a convenient hour, to bo agreed
on by thoir chairmen, meet in tho eonforenee cham-
ber and state to each other verbally or in writing,
as oithor shall choose, the reasons of their respect-
ive Houses for and against the amendmont, and
confer freely thereon."
That is the only rule there is on the subject,
and that, requires a free conference. Now,
sir, you cannot have a free conference between
the two Houses where one committee is in-
structed and the other not instructed. It then
becomes a simple conference on the part of
one, and a free conference on the part of the
other, a direct violation of this rule, which
requires the two Houses to confer freely. You
cannot confer freely where one committee is
instructed. Hence the rule, as I have always
understood it, is that where a conference
report is made, where they agree, not where
they disagree, but where they agree, as they
do in this instance, the only mode of proced-
ure is to agree or disagree to the conference
report.
Mr. STEVENSON. Allow me to make a
suggestion to my triend from Illinois in that
connection. Suppose the House of Repre-
sentatives has agreed to this conference report
and discharged its conferees, how will the
Senate instruct them? If the House has
adopted the report its conferees have been
discharged, and it is impossible for the Senate
to give any instructions.
Mr. LOGAN. That is true. The very mo-
ment one House adopt the report, their con-
ference committee is discharged, and the rule
would be, if we disagree to the report, that a
new conference would be ordered. We may
appoint the same men, but it would be a new
conference. Now, if we are to confer freely,
the conference committee must be in existence.
When the report is made to both Houses and
there is an agreement, that is the finale, so far
as the conference committee is concerned, and
then the question before the House is whether
or not they will agree to the report of the com-
mittee of the two Houses.
Mr. ALCORN. Will the Senator from
Illinois allow me to propound a question ?
Suppose the House of Representatives should
instruct one way and the Senate should in-
struct another ; how is it possible to have a
conference?
Mr. LOGAN. Then there'would be a dead
halt, just as there might be in this instance
precisely. The House in agreeing to the con-
ference report to-day have instructed their
conferees, and not only that, but have dis-
charged them. Now, suppose the Senate
makes an instruction contrary to that; the
House then have instructed one way and the
Senate instructed the other, and the only re-
sult would be the instruction of one committee
with the discharge of the other.
If the Senate concur in the conference re-
port, that ends it and the two Houses have
agreed. If the Senate disagree with the con-
ference report, then it is their duty to ask for
another conference, and it is appointed.
Mr. CARPENTER. On page 273 of our
Manual I find the following :
"A conference may be asked, before the House
asking it has come to a resolution of disagreement,
insisting or a'dhering. (3 Hats., 269, 341.) In which
case the papers are not left with the other conferees,
but are brought back to be the foundation of the
vote to be given. And this is the most reasonable
and respectful proceeding; for, as was urged by the
lords on a particular occasion, ' it is held vain, and
below the wisdom of Parliament, to reason or argue
against fixed resolutions, and upon terms of impos-
sibility to persuade.'"
Again at the bottom of the same page I find
this :
" After a free conference, the usage is to proceed
with free conferences, and not to return again to a
conference."
That is, as I understand the rule, after
there has been one free conference neither
House can make instructions to the com-
mittee even without the effect of our joint
rule ; but upon that rule it seems to me there
is no question left. Every conference between
the two Houses under that joint rule must be
a free conference. A free conference must
certainly be a conference in which both sides
are free. If one set of conferees go there in-
structed, there is no free conference, there can
be none; and we have passed the point, with-
out referring to that joint rule, where there
could be instructions given to the committee.
We have had one free conference and those
that follow must be free, and our joint rule
says they all shall be.
Mr. BAYARD. If the effect of this motion
can be reached in the way proposed, cer-
tainly we should then change the name of
these joint assemblages of committees termed
conferences. We have a rule now which for-
bids the discussion in either House of what
occurs in the other. That is only for the pur-
pose, it is said, of preventing the influence of
one House over the action of the other im-
properly. Therefore my friend from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Stevensox,] who just now was
debating this question, in discussing it was
unable to refer to any vote or any action of the
other House on this subject, and he suggested
a hypothetical ease of the acceptance of the
report of a committee of conference and the
dissolution of the committee in consequence,
so that in such a case the joint committee of
conference that did exist could after the
action of one House exist no more. If it,
should be true—I do not say that it is—that
the other House had in the present ease con-
sidered the report of their committee and had
acted upon it, and the committee had been
discharged, then the conference so called is at
