1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1215
am mindful of the great labor imposed upon
every Senator in the closing days and nights
of an expiring Congress. Still I am the sub-
ject of such serious charges, and shall so soon
retire from the jurisdiction of the Senate, that
I must now ask, and urge—and, if deemed
proper, demand—that a select committee be
appointed, with full powers to investigate fully,
thoroughly, and quickly each and every charge
of the above character made, or even insinu-
ated against me; and that the fullest authority
be given them to send for persons and papers;
and to compel the attendance of witnesses,
even though they may be members of a State
Legislature now in session; to the end, that an
impartial and unbiased judgment of the com-
mittee and of the Senate may be reached while
I am yet a member of this body. And that
there may be no possibility of any party bias
in the composition of this committee, I should
be especially gratified if gentlemen from the
other side of the Chamber were largely repre-
sented on the committee, so that neither my-
self nor any political associate should be even
consulted as to the members composing the
committee, or as to who should be its chairman.
Under all these circumstances, is it too
much to ask for this committed, suggesting its
powers, duties, and composition ; knowing, as
I do full well, that I have committed no crime,
and am asking only for a patient and fair in-
vestigation, that an impartial verdict may be
rendered.
Mr. President, of course disclaiming any
desire, and being mindful of the impropriety
of having anything to do with the committee,
I nevertheless send to the Clerk a resolution,
and ask for its present consideration.
The resolution was read, as follows:
• Resolved, That the charges of bribery and corrup_
tion in the late senatorial election in the State ot
Kansas relative to the alleged purchase by Hon.
S. C. Pomeeoy, United States Senator from Kansas,
of the vote of A. M. Yorke, a member of thesenate
of that State, be, and the same are hereby, referred
to a special committee to be appointed ot this body,
consisting of five members; and that the said com-
mittee be, and are hereby, authorized and directed
to investigate thesame, and for that purpose tosend
for persons and papers, summon witnesses, employ a
stenographer, and make such report to the Senate
as in their judgment shall be justified by the law and
g f*£lc ts
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this reso-
lution? The Chair hears none., The question
is on the adoption of the resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. How shall the
committee be appointed?
Mr. HAMLIN and others. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will appoint the committee
during the day. ■
Mr. Frelinghutsen', Mr. Buckingham, Mr.
Alcorn, Mr. Thurman, and Mr. Vickers
were subsequently named by the Vice Presi-
dent to constitute the committee.
CREDENTIALS.'
Mr. STEVENSON. I present the creden-
tialsof my colleague, Hon. Willis B. Machen,
who, since his appointment by the Governor,
lias been elected by the Legislature of the Com-
monwealth of Kentucky to supply the vacancy
occasioned by the death of Hon. Garrett Davis.
The credentials were read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As these are
new credentials for a different term from that
for which the Senator was previously sworn,
in the opinion of the Chair it is the duty of
the Chair to administer again the oath to him
for this term. If there be no objection, the
Senator-elect will present himself and take the
oath of office. „
Mr. MACHEN advanced to the Vice Pres-
ident's desk, and the oaths prescribed by law
having been administered to him, he took his
seat in the Senate.
resignation 01.' sknator wh-son.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits a letter which ho has received from a
Senator, a member'of this body. The Secre-
tary will report it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Senate Chamber, February 10,1873.
Sir : On the 8th instant I transmitted to the Gov-
ernor of Massachusetts my resignation as a Senator
of the "United States, to take effect at the close of the
Forty-Second Congress, on the 3d of March next.
Your obedient servant,
HENRY WILSON.
To schuyler colfax,
Vice President of the United Statet.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The letter will
be entered on the Journal.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT I'AItKERSBUKG
Mr. DAVIS. I ask unanimous consent to
consider the bill (S. No. 363) to provide for
a building suitable for a post office, for the
accommodation of the revenue officers, and
the United States courts and their officers, in
the city of Parkersburg, West Virginia, which
was reported unanimously from the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia asks unanimous consent
for the consideration of the bill which he has
indicated. The Chair hears no objection; and
the bill is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds reported an amendment, to strike out
all after the enacting clause, and in lieu there-
of to insert the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and hereby
is, authorized anddirected to cause to be constructed
a suitable brick building, with a fire-proof brick
vault extending to eaoh story, in the city of Par-
kersburg, West Virginia, for a post office, and for
the accommodation of United States revenue offi-
cers, and the United States courts and their officers ;
and the sum of $150,000 is hereby appropriated for the
purpose aforesaid, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated; and the Secretary shall
cause proper plans and estimates to be made, so that
no expenditures shall be made or authorized for the
full completion of said building beyond the sum
herein appropriated: Provided, That no money
hereby appropriated shall be used or expended until
the valid title to the land for a site, independent and
unexposed to danger from fire in adjacent buildings,
shall be vested in the United States, nor until the
State of West Virginia shall cede its jurisdiction
over the same, and also duly release and relinguish
to the United States the right to tax or in any way
assess said site, or the property of the United States
that may be thereon, during the time thattheUmted
States shall be or remain the owner thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WRIGHT. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the bill (S.
No. 1349) to reimburse John E. Woodward
for certain moneys paid by him, and the bill
(H. R. No. 3382) to reimburse John E. Wood-
ward for certain moneys paid by him; and
also the petition of Samuel Fels, in connec-
tion with the same subject, have had the
same under consideration, and instructed me
to report back both bills, and recommend their
indefinite postponement, and ask to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
PeMr.° MACHEN. Let those bills go on the
CaThedVICE PRESIDENT. The bills will
be placed on the Calendar with the adverse
report. . , .
Mr. WRIGHT. The committee submit a
report in the ease covering both bills and the
petition. I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1305) for the extension of time to the
St." Paul and Pacific Railroad Company for
the completion of its road, reported it without
amendment.
Mr PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. K. No. 2909)
for the relief of Joseph L. Haywood and others,
reported it with an amendment; and submitted
a report thereon, which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1466) to incorporate the Wash-
ington and Rock Creek Valley Railroad Com-
pany, reported it with an amendment. '
Mr. PATTERSON. The Committee on the
District of Columbia have instructed me to
report back the bill (S. No. 1387) for the im-
provement of the harbor of Washington, and
making appropriations therefor ; and the bill
(S. No. 1888) to improve the river front of
Washington city, with a recommendation that
they be indefinitely postponed, and that in lieu
thereof an appropriation of $100,000 be made
for the improvement of the harbor of Wash-
ton, which recommendation they respectfully
wish referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The bills were postponed indefinitely, and
the amendment reported to the river and
harbor appropriation bill was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1489) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to authorize the Washington
City and Point Lookout Railroad Company to
extend a railroad into and within the District
of Columbia," approved January 22, 1873,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. THURMAN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2771) for the relief of Isabella
Orange, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee to whom
was referred the bill (H. H. No. 2104) for the
relief of Addison Goodel, of Illinois, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3593) to con-
firm to William Marvin the title to seven thou-
sand acres of land in the State of Florida,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I am also directed by
the same committee, to whom was referred
the memorial of Thomas H. Dowling, setting
forth that he is the owner of the island of
Yerba Buena, otherwise called Goat Island,
in the harbor of San Francisco, and praying
that he may have his title acknowledged by
the Government, to report it back adversely.
There is an alternative prayer that if the Gov-
ernment will not give him the land they may
give him some compensation for his services
in defeating a fraudulent Spanish claim to that
island. The committee are of opinion that
if he is entitled to any money compensation
for his services, the petition ought to go to the
Committee on Claims, and not to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims. We there-
fore ask to be discharged from the further
consideration of the paper.
The committee was discharged.
Mr. LEWIS. I am directed by the unani-
mous vote of the Committee for the District
of Columbia, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1418) to enable the Orange, Alexan-
dria, and Manassas Railroad Company to put
down and operate a temporary railroad track
through certain streets in the city of Washing-
ton, to report it back without amendment, and
to ask that it may be passed immediately. It
is not for locomotives, but simply for cars to
be run by horse-power.
Mr. SCOTT. My colleague hs
some interest in that bill, and I object to its
present consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar. , •„ t
Mr. LEWIS. Then I withhold the bill tor
the present. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report is
withdrawn. . _ ,
Mr. POOL, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(II. R. No. 3630) for the rehef-of the personal
i representatives of Mary Robbins, deceased,
