252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
The SPEAKBK. The proposition of the
gentleman from Massachusetts is that it shall
be made the special order for Thursday, Jan-
uary 2;!, at two o'clock, and that the previous
question shall be called the same day.
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir; with the reserva-
tion that if an unfinished appropriation bill
.-hall interfere with the taking up of the special
order it shall go over to the next day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the proposition ?
We have not yet heard it on this side.
The SPEAKER. The bill is an amend-
ment of the consular and diplomatic bill, and
the proposition is to make it a special order
tor Thursday, January '23, at two o'clock p.m.,
the previous question to be called the same
day.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts has any motive for postponing
the bill, so far as the committee is concerned,
1 do not object.
Mr. BANKS. We desire it postponed be-
cause members of the House are not prepared
to pass on it without examination. Its con-
sideration will not take a long time.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
southwestern boundary.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I send to the
Clerk's desk a letter from the Secretary of
State requesting an appropriation for the com-
pletion of the survey of the boundaries between
the territory of the United States and the pos-
sessions of Great Britain from the Lake of
the Woods to the Rocky mountains. I will
say in reference to this communication, as
there is no bill accompanying it, that it is in
pursuance of a law passed during the last
Congress establishing a commission and mak-
ing an appropriation for the beginning of the
survey. That appropriation has been exhausted,
while the survey has not been completed.
This, therefore, is in the nature of a deficiency,
and under existing laws must go to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. I move that the
papers be so referred, and ordered to be printed,
The motion was agreed to.
island of san juan.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on Foreigu
Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3253) to
provide for the appointment of a commission
to complete the boundary line between the
United States and the possessions of Great
Britain not completed under the act of August
11,1856, to carry into effect the first article of
the treaty of the 15th of June, 1846 ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read in eztenso, in the
first section authorizes the President of the
United States to appoint the Secretary of
State, or either of the Assistant Secretaries,
or United States minister at London, or, in
his discretion, by and with the advice of the
Senate, to appoint a commission, to act con-
jointly with such officer or commissioner as
may be named by her Britannic Majesty, for
the purpose of completing the determination
of so much of the boundary line between the
territory of the United States and the posses-
sions of Great Britain as was left uncompleted
by the commissioners appointed under the act
of Congress of August 11, 1856, to carry into
effect the first article of the treaty of the 15th
of Jnne, 1846, between the United States and
Great Britain. The second section of the bill
appropriates the sum of $5,000, or so much
thereof as may be required, to carry into effect
the provisions of this act.
Mr. BANKS. Under the treaty of 1846 an
arrangement was made with Great Britain in
regard to the possession of the island of San
Juan. In 1856 Congress passed an act to
carry into offect the provisions of the first
article of that treaty. Under the statute of
1856 there was no map accompanying the
division of the territory, so that the question
whether the line ran through the channel of
Haro or elsewhere was undetermined, and
there has been a controversy from 1856 up to
this day on this question. Under the recent
treaty of Washington this question was sub-
mitted by the Governments of the United
States and of Great Britain to the emperor
of Germany for his decision. He has decided
the line which separates the British posses-
sions from those of the United States runs
through the channel of Haro. That line
ought to be run and established upon the
maps of the two countries, in order that no
difficulty may arise hereafter. The Secre-
tary of State desires that this may be done,
and has recommended it in a message, in
which he informs us that it will not cost
more than $5,000 (if so much) to run this
line. There will, therefore, be no deficiency or
further appropriation asked for on this subject.
The object is to mark a line, in a great degree
upon the maps already, through the channel
of Haro as the line dividing actually the terri-
tory of Great Britain from that of the United
States. I do not know that the House will
desire any further information to enable it to
act understanding^ upon this question. It is
imperatively necessary that this line should
be fixed now, while all the facts are in the
possession of the people and the Governments
of the two countries. If no debate is desired
I will ask the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read the third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
british-american boundary.
Mr. BANKS also, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported a bill (H. li. No.
3254) authorizing the survey and marking of
the boundary between the territory of the Uni-
ted States acquired by cession from Russia
under the treaty of March 30, 1867, between
the United States and the emperor of Russia,
and the British possessions in North America ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
vienna international exposition.
Mr. BANKS also reported, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 170) to enable the people of the
United States to participate in the advantages
of the international exposition to be held at
Vienna in 1873; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that ttfis resolution be
read at length. It contains an appropriation,
and will go to the Committee of the Whole if
objection should be made.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that in order to enable the people of the Uni-
ted States to participate in the advantages of
the international exhibition of the products
of agriculture, manufactures, and fine arts, to
be held at Vienna in 1873, tnere be appropri-
ated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated $100,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary for the purposes
herein specified, which sum is to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of State.
The second section provides that the Gov-
ernors of the several States be requested to
invite the patriotic people of their respective
States to assist in the proper representation
of the handiwork of our artisans and the pro-
lific sources of material wealth with which our
land is blessed, and to take such further meas-
ures as may be necessary to diffuse a knowl-
edge of the proposed exhibition and to secure
to their respective States the advantages which
it promises. The third section makes it the
duty of the secretary of the State to transmit
to Congress a detailed statement of the ex-
penditures which may be incurred under the
provisions of this act.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to inquire what
is the amount of the appropriation proposed
by this resolution?
Mr. BANKS. One hundred thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the question should
be considered in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BANKS. Very well. I was about to
say that the joint resolution contains an appro-
priation, and 1 shall move to refer it to the
Committee of the Whole. But if the country
is to be represented at all at this exhibition,
if any money is to be appropriated for this
purpose or any arrangement made in regard
to it, it ought to be done as speedily as pos-
sible, because the exposition opens in May of
next year ; and we shall shortly adjourn until
the second week of January, from which time
the period for making the necessary appro-
priation will be very short. Congress appro-
priated for the French exposition about
$200,000, and we recommend $100,000 for
this one.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that in this debate
the point of order will not be lost sight of. .
The SPEAKER. It will not. It will be
considered pending.
Mr. BANKS. If the bill cannot be acted
upon in this House, I trust the House will be
ready to take it up in Committee of the Whole.
I will ask the consent of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] that the House shall
consider this bill as in Committee of the Whole
now under the five-minutes rule.
Mr. PERCE. I desire to ask the Chair a
question. Will that suspend the operation of
the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. PERCE. Then I have no objection.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is so inconvenient to go
into Committee of the Whole that I trust the
gentleman from Massachusetts will not press
the proposition he has just made.
Mr. BANKS. I have no objection to post-
poning the bill, except for the loss of time it
involves. But I hope the gentleman horn
Indiana will allow us to consider it as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The fullest opportunity
will be given in that way to gentlemen to
express tneir views upon the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the bill will be subject
to all the rules of the Committee of the Whole
I shall not object.
The SPEAKER. If a bill is considered in
the House as in Committee of the Whole, that
merely applies the five minutes rule and the
law of amendment. It does not cut off the
previous question.
Mr. BANKS. I shall not move the pre-
vious question on the bill. I think it will not
occupy more than a few moments.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the bill will be considered in the House as in
Committee of the Whole.
There was no objection.
Mr. BANKS. These international exposi-
tions have recently become agents of civilization
and of industrial development, important to all
the nations of the earth. They were origin-
ated in England in 1851, under the patronage
of Prince Albert, and have been held since in
Germany and in France, the la«t named having
been the most important. Now one is pro-
posed under the Government of Austria,
including Hungary, to be held at Vienna next
year on a grander scale than any thatbas pre-
ceded it in any part of the world. It brings us
into communication and into intimate ac-
quaintance with a portion of the world with
which our people and our merchants have not
hitherto been very familiar. It takes us to the
eastern portion of Europe ; it brings us into
close connection with that part of the world,
and enables us to make a perfect and full rep-
resentation there of our system of govern-
