2176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
discharge this committee, or reject this report,
except to send the papers to the other House
with the information of what we have done,
and then that House has entire power to do
whatever it pleases. It may send the report
on its part to the same committee. It may
refuse to send it at all ; it may adhere at once
to its disagreement to every amendment that
we hare made, and put an end to the bill in
that way unless we retire. It has entire and
full sway over the subject. The misapprehen-
sion of my friend arises, I think, from the fact
that he assumes' that this report was to go to
these gentlemen instantly, instead of going
back to the other House for its action. That
is a mistake.
Mr. President, I do not wish to take up
time about this matter, but I thought it but
just that I should state what appeared to me
to be the clear reasons, from the authority laid
down in Barclay's Digest and from the nature
of conferences as they appear in these man-
uals, why the motion of the Senator from
Iowa was in order; and I think if we could
separate this question of what the law is from
the question ot what we wish to do, whichever
way the law is, there would not be any diffi-
culty about it.
Mr. BOBEMAN. It seems to me that this
matter is very plain; but I may be wrong
about it. What is the necessity of a commit-
tee of conference, and what is it after it is
created? The necessity arises from the fact
that by the ordinary communications between
the two Houses a concurrence of views is not
obtained. The two Houses cannot meet and
confer together. Therefore they must adopt
some sort of instrumentality, some sort of
means to try and communicate their views to
each other, the ordinary means of messages
by the Clerk and Secretary having failed.
Then they adopt what is called a committee
of conference. One House finding this dis-
agreement to exist says, " We disagree to your
amendments," or "We insist on our own
amendments, and we ask for a committee of
conference, and have appointed A B, C D,
and E F the committee on our part, and
request the appointment of a similar commit-
tee on the part of the other House." The
other body agrees to that, and appoints a com-
mittee 011 their part. Now, wbat is the pur-
pose of this? It is to ascertain the will of
each House ; and is it possible that the Sen-
ate, which merely intends to communicate
thereby its wishes to the House, cannot in-
struct and tell that committee what its wish is
on the subject? That must be done by an
instruction. If the two bodies could meet
together, a committee of conference would
not be necessary; but they are large, they are
unwieldy, and cannotmeettogether, and there-
fore they adopt this means of communicating.
Therefore, tach House may instruct the com-
mittee on its part. If they cannot agree, of
course that is the end of it. They go back to
their respective bodies-and report that fact,
and they are either discharged and a new com-
mittee appointed or the thing ends, and that is
the close of the matter. .
It seems to me there ought not to be any
difficulty about this subject. The Senate cer-
tainly does not tie its hands when it appoints
a committee of conference. Senators 011 the
opposite side say you can disagree when they
come back; but can you not tell them what to
do before you send them out ? They are mere
instruments in your hands ; they are your ser-
vants ; they are part of the organization of
your body. Certainly you can tell them to do
thus and so, and you can tell them to commun-
icate to the House that so and so* will be
agreed to by the Senate and nothing else will
be agreed to by the Senate. It seems to me
to be an abandonment of our power to say that
the Senate cannot instruct a committee, a com-
mittee of conference or any other, as to what
they shall do when they go into a conference.
There is nothing in the law which h.ag been
read here, either from the Manual or from the
Rules, that controverts that proposition. It
seems to me we have full power over the com-
mittee of conference. We can instruct them
what to do, and if they disobey our instructions
we can withhold otir assent from their action
afterward.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, it seems to me
that the position assumed by the honorable
Senator from Vermont, who was the Presiding
Officer when the controversy comiiienced,
would leave our conferees much in the posi-
tion that an Irishman was in one of our large
cities. The dogs took after hini and hunted
him, and he tried to stone them ; but he
found the stones fast in the street, and he said
" it was a very pretty country for liberty^ to
turn the dogs loose and tie the stones down."
[Laughter.] These donferees are to go and
have a free and full converse together, and yet
they are to be told the line precisely on which
they must walk before they start, or, worse
than that, when they return, having agreed on
a report, the motion is to recommit it, and
send them back on the same errand again. I
do not. know but that maybe in accordance
with the rules, but there is no good sense in it.
I do not know but that Barclay or somebody
may have written it down, but it is at war with
the judgment of every thinking man.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish this question of
order had been raised upon some bill less
likely to seem to influence our judgment; yet
I trust we have self-containment and discrim-
ination enough to act upon the question by it-
self, without regard to the particular measure
upon which it arises. It would be dishearten-
ing to doubt that every Senator is able and
willing to confront and decide the questions
involved in the conference report, without feel-
ing the need or the wisli to escape responsibil-
ity by evading the real issue upon some fiction
or circuity of parliamentary law.
The sole question at this moment is on the
appeal from a decision of the Chair upon a
point of order, and I speak to that point.
Great as is my hesitation m differing with the
Senator from Vermont by whom the ruling
was made, I cannot believe it right, nor can
I doubt that we shall go astray, if we establish
a precedent destructive of the theory and prac-
tice of conference committees as they have
existed in the British Parliament and in both
Houses of Congress. What is a conference
committee? What is the object of a free con-
ference? It seems, to my surprise, to be ad-
mitted that this is a "free" conference. I
say " to my surprise," because I conceive that
when it is admitted that the proceeding is a
free conference, the argument in favor of this
ruling is given up. What is the object of such
a conference? It is, and it was centuries ago
in the British Parliament, a substitute for com-
munications between the two Houses by mes-
sage. Conferences began with the understand-
ing that they could be asked only by the Lords,
and then the whole House, with the Speaker
at its head, a'ttended and conferred. Bearing
in mind the origin of the practice, and the fact
that originally each House was actually pres-
ent in a body, it would seem odd that either
House could bind itself by instructions. Some-
body has said, I think it was my friend from
Vermont, that deputies cannot rise above their
principal. This is true ; but when we remem-
ber that in fact and in theory the vicegerents
of the two Houses represent and personate
the two Houses, with all their attributes, and,
as 1 shall read to show, that both Houses are
constructively present all the time, instruc-
tion becomes self-instruction, is not this a
little fanciful? Let me say in passing that
until comparatively a recent period in the
British Parliament, even since deputies were
resorted to, managers as we call them, all
business in the two Houses was suspended
while conferences were held, the Houses in
fact, as in theory of law, doing nothing ex-
cept to sit by superintending as spectators, if
not as participants, the "full and free confer-
ence."
This being the origin and this the nature
of the proceeding, what is its process, and
what the purpose to be attained ? Surely not,
as one Senator said, that each House may
send to the other a declaration of its will.
This is not the object at all. Bach House
declares its will to the other by message. A
conference is asked and agreed to expressly
to avoid and forbear expressions of the will
of the separate Houses. It is, as I will read
in a moment, in order that each House, may
persuade and if possible induce the other to
unite in a compromise to arrange one point
of difference with another, and so reach com-
mon ground on which the two Houses may
stand.
I might stop here and inquire whether it
would not be in strange derogation of all this
if one House having named managers might
instruct them to stand to and abide by specified
conclusions, neither receding nor advancing.
Of course the other House might instruct its
managers to stand by the converse, and thus
deputies would be sent out to meet each other
in a dead-lock, and there remain. Would not
this be a farce ?
But, Mr. President, 1 mean to detain the
Senate very briefly, and as anything I can say
on this subject will bo trivial compared with
the recorded sayings of others, I call attention
to the words of Cushing, sustained by various
authorities. Having treated of the mode of
communicating by message, he comes to com-
munications by conference, and says;
" The second mode of communication between the
two Houses is by means of a conference, in which,
as its name imports, the communication takes place
in fcho presence of both Houses, either actually or by
deputations of their members. This is a more for-
mal and ceremonious mode than that already
described. It is conducted by members appointed
for the purpose, is held in a room distinct from
those occupied by the two Houses when sitting, and
so entirely are both supposed to be engaged in the
proceeding, while the managers are at the confer-
ence, thai the usual and ordinary business of both
Houses is in the meantime suspended. When it is
the purpose of a communication between the two
Houses to explain opinions or to reconcile differences,
or to induce one of the Houses to waive a proceed-
ing or form of proceeding which the other deems
unparliamentary, a conterence is supposed to be
more respectful and better calculated to effect the
object in view than a message."—Cusltincr's Law and.
Practice of Parliamentary Assemblies, p. 327, see. 820.
Again;
"A conference is conducted usually, and in mod-
ern times, exclusively, by members appointed for
the purpose by each of the two Houses, who are
denominated managers, and who represent and
act for their respective Houses."—Ibid., p. 333,
sec. 828.
Now I ask the attention of the Senate to
the words with which this commentor fol-
lows the statement I have read;
"If the latter course"—
That is, a free conference—
"If the latter course is deemed the most proper
the only xnode of effecting it is called a free confer-
ence, which the House first requesting a conte renee
may then request of the other upon the same subject-
matter.
"A free conference differs from the ordinary con-
ference already described. In the first r>lace, the
duties of the managers at the latter are Confined to
the making and receiving a communication. which
has previously been agreed upon and sa nctioned by
the House at whose request the conference is
held."
He is here speaking of a simple or bare
conference, as the Senator from Vermont
agrees with me in understanding:
"In a free conference they are at liberty, and it is
their duty, to urge their own arguments, to offer and
combat objections, aud, in short, to attempt by per-
sonal persuasion and argument, to effect an agree-
nicnt between the two Houses."—Ibid, p. 337, sees,
ooo-y.
We see here the function, the mission, the
essence of a free conference. Now what does
he pay about the rules that are to govern it?
+1. only rules relating to the manner in which
tno discuMioiis at a free conference are to becon-
duoted. «eom to be thesamc by which a debate in-
either Jiouse on the name fubiecL-matter would be
conducted, namely: 1. That no porxnnalUios, oiiher
toward the managers on the other side, or the llmiso
