1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1217
to appoint the teller on the part of the Senate pro-
Tided for in the twenty-second joint rule of the two
Houses to receive and count the votes for President
and Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Sherman the teller on the part of the Senate.
SESSIONS OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. MORRILL, of .Maine, submitted the
following resolution ; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to :
Seaolved, That the select committee appointed to
consider the evidence received from the House of
Representatives affecting certain members of the
Senate be authorized to sit during the sessions of
the Senate.
MILITARY PRISON.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask consent to take up the
bill (H. R. No. 2692) to provide for the estab-
lishment of a military prison and for its gov-
ernment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be considered as before
the Senate, subject to objection.
The bill was read.
Mr. LOGAN. I will say but a word in
regard to this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Illinois that the
morning hour has very nearly expired.
Mr. LOGAN. I only desire to say that tliis
bill is one which was very carefully considered
by a committee of the House after an investi-
gation by a board of Army officers who exam-
ined different prisons iu Canada and other
places. The bill bas been well considered
and is, I think, an excellent bill for the pur-
pose of establishing a .military prison in the
United States and thus avoiding the necessity
of sending such persons to the State peniten-
tiaries. It will save us much expense, and it
will be much better to have such a prison
under the control of the military authorities.
I only say tliis much in order that the Senate
may understand what the bill is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be considered as reported
to the Senate without amendment, ordered to
a third reading, and read the third time.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not think that a bill
as important as this should pass on such con-
sideration only as we are able to give it in the
morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
regarded as still in the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. Let it go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
frota Delaware objects to the present consid-
eration of the bill, and desires it to be placed
on the Calendar. It was reported subject to
objection.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well. I will merely
say that I am very sorry the Senator has
not read the bill before. It has been on the
table for some time. I have been engaged in
committee service now for some four weeks,
and have not been able to ask for the passage
of a solitary bill. This is a bill which has
been reported from the committee of which I
am chairman. It is now quite late in the ses-
sion, and inasmuch as I have been deprived
of the privilege which other Senators have, as
other members of the same committee have, I
called it up thinking it an important bill, and
hoping that it would be allowed to pass. I do
not ask for its present consideration if there is
any objection.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator
must certainly be aware that a bill of this
character cannot depend upon the personal
convenience of Senators or upon my default
in having, or not having, read the bill. Cerj
tainly, as a question of personal courtesy, I
would always be willing to advance the wishes
of the Senator from Illinois or any other
member of the body; but a question of this
magnitude is not to be gauged by such a con-
sideration as that. Whether it be my default
or not, I would prefer to vote intelligently
on a bill of this magnitude, and I think its
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 77.
provisions should be discussed and should be
considered.
Mr. LOGAN. I was not finding fault with
the Senator for not having read the bill. I
merely remarked that I was sorry he had not.
I was only explaining my reasons for having
called up the bill. I have no fault to find
with bim. Of course, the Senator has a right
to object to the consideration of the bill, if he
chooses to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
SOUTHERN CLAIMS COMMISSION.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senate to do me a
small favor and the United States a great one
by taking up and considering House bill No.
3088, which I send to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour is just expiring, but if there be no objec-
tion the bill will be reported, subject to objec-
tion.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to state that there are
some amendments reported to the bill that
must go back to the House, and the House
Committee on Claims meet, I understand, to-
morrow evening for the last time, and I desire
that these amendments should go before that
committee before that meeting.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin asks unanimous consent to
consider the bill referred to by him, as the
morning hour just expired when he made the
request. The bill will be reported, subject to
objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. R. No.
3088) to extend for four years the act estab-
lishing the board of commissioners of claims
and the acts relating thereto.
The bill proposes to extend and continue in
force the second, third, fourth, fifth, and sixth
sections of the act making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1872, and for other purposes, ap-
proved March 3, 1871, and the act to author-
ize the commissioners of claims to appoint
special commissioners to take testimony, and
for other purposes, approved May 11, 1872,
for four years from the 10th of March, 1873.
The second section provides that the com-
missioners of claims shall not receive any peti-
tion for the allowance of any claim or claims
unless such petition shall be presented to and
filed w.ith them on or before the 1st of Decem-
ber, 1873 ; and all claims not so presented are
to be deemed to be barred forever thereafter.
The Committee on Claims reported the bill
with two amendments: in section one, line
twelve, to strike out the words " for four years
from the 10th day of March, A. D. 1873," and
to insert " until the 1st day of January, A. D.
1876 and also in the second section to strike
out "the 1st day of December, 1873," and
insert the 3d day of March, 1873."
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this bill,
subject to a demand for the regular order?
Mr. WEST. I do not exactly understand
the limitation. I should like to have it read
again. Will the chairman of the committee
be kind enough to inform us whether it pre-
cludes the presentation of any claims subse-
quent to March 3, 1873?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir. We do not pro-
pose to extend the time for the filing of these
claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Louisiana object to the bill?
Mr. WEST. No, sir; I do not object to
the bill, but if the question comes up on that
amendment, I shall object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tbe_ Chair un-
derstands that there is no objection to the
present consideration of this bill, subject to a
demand for the regular order by any Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall call for the regu-
lar order if there is to be any debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of Friday test is before the Senate,
but if there be no objection it will be regarded
as informally passed over,' subject to a de-
mand for the regular order by the Senator
from Vermont or any other Senator, and the
Secretary will report the amendments of th,e
committee. The Senator from Louisiana ex-
cepts to one amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the first amendment
of tho Committee on Claims, which was in
section one, line twelve, to strike out the
words "for four years from the lO.th day of
March, A. D. 1873," and to insert '' until the
1st day of January, A. D. 1876."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line four, to strike out the words " 1st day of
December, 1873," and to insert " 3d day of
March, 1873."
Mr. WEST. I think the Senate will agree
with me that the extension of the period for
the filing of these claims to such a very limited
time as that will be a virtual rejection of all
claims whatever. Here within two weeks all
claimants throughout the southern States are
to be debarred the opportunity of presenting
their claims. I do not think the Senate are
prepared to concur in any such suggestion,
and I will therefore move the rejection of the
amendment..
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment, and the con-
verse of that is rejecting it.
Mr. HILL. I will state to the Senate 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call for the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair first
recognized the Senator from Georgia. The
Seuator from Vermont demands the regular
order at the conclusion of the remarks of the
Senatur from Georgia.
Mr. HILL. I beg to state to the Senate
very briefly in addition to what the Senator
from Louisiana has just said, and so well said,
that I know in my own State of quite a num-
ber of very meritorious claims, some of them
belonging to estates, where the proofs have
not yet been prepared, and where I person-
ally know there would be immense hardship
by the adoption of this amendment. I hope
that the Senate will not precipitate this state
of things upon the country. _ It certainly is
no demerit to a claim that it has not yet
been pressed for payment. I know of some
in my immediate vicinity vjhere the parties
were loyal to the Government and have
died, and there are cases where there is not
yet representation upon the estate, and where
the heirs or the representatives of the deceased
will be loyal people also. I can see no reason
why there should be a limit as to the time of
filing these claims, short of another year. I
think to extend it one year would be reason-
able notice, and I shall move at the proper
time to make it March 3, 1874.
Mr. WEST. Oh no, let it stand as it is.
Mr. HILL. Well, I will not move to extend
it at all, but leave it as it now stands in the bill.
That will do. There can be no great hard-
ship in such an extension. Surely it is not
fair in every case to exclude parties from
filing these claims merely because they have
not shown the alacrity of a great many who
really had no good claims and have pressed
them in upon the commission in large masses
and without any proofs that would justify
them ; but I admit that this pressure is about
to cease because of the rejection of so great a
number; and we cannot reasonably expect
that they will be presented hereafter except
where the proofs are sufficient to sustain them,
Mr. PRATT. I merely wish to inquire of
my friend from Georgia what the reason is
why the parties having these claims against
the Government have not presented them_ to
this commission within the two years during
which the law has been in force ?
Mr. HILL. I will answer the Senator. I
myself was in some degree responsible for this
delay in some of the cases. I have advised
