1218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
parties to wait and set what were the exact
rulings of this commission in every case before
they should present their claims and the
determination of Congress upon the par-
ticular claims and the particular proof in
each claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont now demands the regular
order. The Chair will state that on Friday
afternoon the Alabama claims bill was dis-
cussed to a late hour, when the Senator from
Georgia -nearest the Chair [Mr. Norwood]
asked permission to call up a bill for the relief
of certain persons from disabilities. It was
called up with the distinct understanding, as
recorded in the Globe, that the Alabama bill
should be regarded as the unfinished business
at the adjournment that evening, but upon a
vote on the disability bill no quorum voted on
ordering it to be read a third time, and the
Senate then adjourned. By the unanimous
order of the Senate, the Alabama bill is the
unfinished business, and is now before the
Senate. The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Nor-
wood] has risen to explain the status of the
bill he called up.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The VICE PBESIDENT. If the Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Norwood] yields, the
Chair must recognize the Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Frei.ingiiuysenJ as entitled to
the floor on the Alabama bill.
Mr. NORWOOD. I must beg now that the
Senate will finish the work it was engaged in
on Friday when we adjourned. The yeas and
nays were called upon the bill then pending,
but we did not have a quorum. I ask that the
vote be taken without any discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Georgia asks that the vote on the dis-
ability bill be taken without any discussion.
Mr. MOKTON. I ask permission to make
a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive the report, if there be no objection.
ELECTOltAL VOTE OF LOUISIANA.
Mr. MORTON. I am instructed by the
Committee on _ Privileges and Elections to
make a report in regard to the electoral vote
of Louisiana. It is accompanied by a short
addendum by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] and another by myself. I ask to
have it laid on the table and printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the report
conclude.with any resolution?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir.
The report was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed. It is as follows :
On the ;7th of January. 1873, the Senate adopted
the following resolution;
"lUsolved, That the Committee on Privileges and
Elections ia directed to inquire and report to the
Senate whether the reflent election for electors for
President and Vice PresuUnthas been conducted In
the States of Louisiana anij Arkansas in accordance
with the Constitution and laws of the United States,
(Mid the laws of said States, and ffhat contests, if
any. have arisen as to wito was elected'as electors in
either of saiji States, and what treasures are neces-
sary to provide for the determination of such con-
tests, anu to guard against and determine iik.e con-
tests in the future eleotion of electors forPrssidont
Mid Vice 4'res)dent.
"Xhatfoi the purposeofspeeijily executing this res-
olution, the aid eommittee shall have power to send
for persona and papers, to take testimony, and. at
pieir discretion, to send a sub-committee of their
own number t,o either of said States, with authority
to take testimony; ana, if the exigency of this i?er-
vldft t ka aa ^ ~   x _ _t
authority to tak6 testimony as may be material
in determining any jVfihdj?LJ&'pojatestgrowing out of
the election, of electors in either of said States."
In obedience to the instruction obtained in the
foregoing resolution, the Committee on'PrWilegos
and MeeLions have had under Consideration so mifch
of the resolution as relates to the election of electors
in the btate oi .Louisiana, and beg leave to submit
the following preliminary report:
«o3>H act Ktiie Legislature of Louisiana of March,
Jo7U  for the regulation of elections in that State
provides, aaioug other things, that tbe Governor
shall have the power to appoint officers known as
supervisors of registration in each parish in the
State, and that these supervisors of registration shall
have authority to appoint commissioners of election
(who in other States are called inspectors and
judges) under whose direction and authority the
voting shall actually take place; that the super-
visors of registration shall also control and direct
the registration of the voters in each parish, fixing
the places for registering and the places lor voting;
that, after the election has taken place, the com-
missioners of election shall bring the boxes con tain-
ing the votes to a certain point in the parish, where,
under the supervision and direction of the supervisor
of registration, the votes shall be counted; and, when
that is accomplished, the supervisor of registration
shall make out a statement of the result ot the ejec-
tion at the various voting places in the parish, of
which triplicate copies shall be made, and also trip-
licate copies of the tally-sheets, and a statement of
the vote at each poll in the parish, to be signed by
the commissioner of election; and that the super-
visor of registration shall seal up one copy ot all
these papers, and inclose it to the Governor of the
State by mail; then se.tl up another copy, and send
it to the Governor by the next most speedy mode of
conveyance; and shall himself retain the third copy.
The law then provides that the Governor, Lieuten-
ant Governor, secretary of State, and John Lynch,
and T. C. Anderson, by name, shall constitute the
returning or canvassing board; that the Governor
of the State shall, wiclim ten days after the election,
open the sealed packages from the various parishes,
sent to him by the supervisors of registration, in the
presenceof the other members oi' the board, and the
vote shall then bo counted by the board for i>resi-
dential electors, State officers, and members of the
Legislature, and the result ascertained; that one
copy of the result or finding of the board shall be
filed in the oifice of the secretary of State, and
another shall be published in the official journal of
the State.
Governor Warmoth, Lieutenant Governor Pinch-
back, and F. J. Ilcrron, acting secretary of State,
were members of this returning board, ex officio;
and a majority of the members convened, within
ten days, in the city of New Orleans, to enter upon
the duty of counting the votes. Pmchback and An-
derson having been candidates for Congress were,
by another provision of the law, made ineligible,
and were declared, by resolution, to be no longer
members of the board, and controversy arose in re-
gard to filling their places. It .is not necessary to
enter into the details of this controversy further
than to state that Governor Warmoth attempted
to control the vacancies thus created on this board,
by removing F. J. Kerron, acting secretary of State,
and placing in hisstead Jack Wharton; and alter he
had done so, claimed that he and Wharton, by their
votes, had elected F. H. Hatch and Durant Da
Ponte to fill the vacancies of Pinchback and Ander-
son ; while, on thootherhand.it was claimed that
Lynch and llerron, while yet acting secretary 01
State, had elected James Longstreet and Jacob
Hawkins to fill these vacancies.
In a Proceeding commenced in the circuit court of
the United States for the district of Louisiana, on
the 15th of November, Judge DurelJ granted a pre-
liminary injunction restraining the Wharton board
from opening the official returns and counting the
votes, from acting as a returning board, making any
returns, or proclamation of any finding, until fur-
ther order of the court, which continued in force
until the decision of the case on the 6th of Decem-
ber.
The election for presidential electors, members of
Congress, State officers, and membersof the Legisla-
ture, w.9s held in Louisiana on the 4th of December.,
and the returns of the election in the various par-
ishes were sent to tho Governor by the supervisors
of registration, as required bylaw. The Governor
refused to act with the board, known as the " Lynch
board," or to open and lay before that board the
returns of the election from the various parishes;
but opened them and prepared to make the count
before what is known as the ""Wharton board,"
which was then enjoined from further proceedings
by Judge Durell. The official returns, which had
been sent to the Governor, were by him withheld
from the Lynch returning board, and never at any
time came into possession or under the examination
of that board. The Legislature of Louisiana, at its
session in the winter of 1872, passed an act abolish-
ing theroturning or canvassing board, as created by
the act of 1870, and authorising the State senate to
elect a returning board, to have the same powers
as the former, and making other changes in the
mode of conducting the elections? and, on the 20th
of November, 1872, the Governor, who had not
signed this act, but kept it in his possession during
the pendency of these proceedings in the circuit court
of the United States, and also proceedings of a like
character commenced in tho eighth district court of
the State, signed the bill and published it as a law.
On the 21st day ofNovember, 1872, Governor War-
moth, assuming that the Lynch board had been abol-
ished by the act which he had signed on the 20th of
.November, and claiming the authority to appoint a
returning board under the clause of the constitution
which gave him power to fill vacancies, proceeded
to appoint De Feriet and others as a returning
poardj and placed in their hands the official returns
of the election, to be by them counted, to ascertain
ana declare who were elected State officers and
members .of the Legislature. Before the official re-
turns were thus placed in the hands of that board
they had been opuned. by the Governor'and exam-
ined by a deputy secretary of State, named Wood-
ward, acting under Jack wharton, who at that time
assumed to be secretary of State ynder the appoint-
ment by Governor Warmoth when he removed F. J.
lierron, as before stated, and by 0. A. Bragdon,
the Governor's private secretary, who had been
elected assistant secretary of the Wharton board.
Messrs. Woodward and Bragdon, according to the
testimony, looked over the returns to ascertain who
had been elceted electors for President and Vice
President, and made a statement to the Governor of
the result of their examination; and the Governor,
on the morning of the 4th of December, the day
fixed by the act of Congress when the electors in the
several States shall meet and cast their votes,
issued a paper, in which he declared that X. C.
Manning, G. A. Weed, A. F. Herron, H. J. Camp-
bell, L. Bush, A. Thomas, A. H. Leonard, and L.
V. Reeves had been elected electors, and placed a
copy of the said paper in the possession of each
of said persons; and, afterward, on the same day,
they assembled in the city of New Orleans, and, as
electors, voted for President and Vice President.
It clearly appears from the testimony that the offi-
cial returns of the State were never examined and
counted for presidential electors by any persons ex-
cept Messrs. Woodward and Bragdon, and up to
this time never have been examined and counted
by the Lynch board or any person having authority
whatever to make such examination and count.
While we have no doubt that the returns sent to
Governor "Warmoth from various parishes by the
supervisors of registration will, upon their face,
show that the aforesaid persons named as electors,
and whom we shall designate as the "Greeley elec-
tors," received a majority of the votes, that fact has
never been ascertained by any competent authority,
and the action of Governor Warmoth depended en-
tirely upon the unauthorised statements of Messrs.
Woodward and Bragdon, who, at the time, bad n<*
right to look into the returns at all. In this mat-
ter there is no pretense that the law v.ps complied
with, and tho Lynch board were never at any time
permitted to see them.
The third section of the act of Congress of 1792
declares what shall be the official evidence of the
election of electors, and provides that " the execu-
tive authority of each State shall cause three lists
of the names of the electors of such State to be
made and certified, to be delivered to the electors
on or before the first Wednesday in December, and
the said electors shall annex one of the said lists to
each of their votes." The certificate of the secre-
tary of State is not required, and the certificate of
the Governor, as provided for in this section, seems
to be the only evidence contemplated by the law of
the election of electors and their right to east the
electoral vote of the State. If Congress chooses to
go behind the Governor's certificate, and inquire
who has been chosen as electors, it is not violating
any principle of the right of the States to prescribe
what shall be the evidence of the elcetionof elect-
ors, but it is simply going behind the evidence as
prescribed by an act of Congress; and, thus going
behind tho certificate of the Governor, we find that
the official returns of the election of electors, from
the various parishes of Louisiana, had never been
counted by anybody having authority to count
them.
Some two or three days preceding the 4th of
December the Lynch board officially declared that
M. F. Bonzano, J. Lanabere. C. H. Halstead. L. C.
Croudanez, A. B. Johnson, Milton Morris, J. Tay-
lor, and John Ray, whom we shall designate as the
" Grant electors," had received a majority of all the
votes in the State for electors of President and Vice
President; and the secretary of State do jure, Mr.
Bovee, not then in possession of the office of secre-
tary of State or the State seal, but who had been
decided by the supreme court of the State a "few days
before to be the lawful secretary, made a certificate
of election to the persons so declared chosen as elect-
ors, and on the 4th of December they met and cast
their votes for President and Vice President, accord-
ing to the requirements of the act of Congress. They
did not on that day, however, seal up their vote,
but kept it open for several days, until Mr. Bovee,
the secretary of State, got possession of thp State
seal so as to attach it to their certificates of election.
The secretary of State had no right, under the law,
to make any certificate upon the subject, unless for
the information of the Governor, and his certificate
constitutes no legal evidence of the election of the
persons therein named. The Lynch board, in mak-
ing the count and declaration as to the election of
electors, did so without having before them any of
the official returns of the election as made out by
the officers of the election, under the laws of the
State, and had no legal evidence before them at all
upon which they could count the votes, but their
count was made upon documents, affidavits, and
statements, ex parte in their character, having no
legal validity, and which could not, in the nature
of things, form the basis of an accurate and reliable
declaration of the result of the election.
On the 15th day of November, after the Lynch boaid
had been organized by the election of Longstreet and
Hawkins to fill the vacancies of Pinchback and An-
derson, Longstreet, on behalf of said board, and
designating himself as "deputy supervisor," de-
manded of Governor Warmoth that he should bring
the official returns of the election before oaid board
to be counted. This demand Governor Warmoth
declined to comply with, in the following letter:
State op Louisiana,
Executive Dkpautment,
New Orleans, November 15.1872.
Sir: In reply to your letter, just received, in-
forming me that you have instructions to see that
all election statements of the election of November
4 in this State are properly and promptly placed
in the possession of said board, and asking that I
place the «ame in tho possession of Special Deputy
Marshal W. F, Loan, in order that ho may deliver
