1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2179
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. My desire
is to have the rightof this body established to a
distinct vote on each proposition contained in
this conference report. The logic of the whole
matter and the reason of the ruling of the
Chair is that upon a full and free conference
on a great bill like this the conferees return
with their report on fifty distinct items. We
ought to have an opportunity to say whether
the committee on any one distinct proposition
has been satisfactory in their conclusions. We
may agree that the committee has actcd rightly
upon forty-nine of the propositions that have
been submitted to it; we agree that in the
main it has discharged its duty satisfactorily ;
but upon one question the report does not suit
us, and therefore we ought to be able to give
instructions so that our own as well as the
conferees of the other House may be advised
of the views of the Senate upon the particular
questions. If the Senate gives a distinct ex-
pression of its view on the great question which
is now pervading the mind of this body, and
which is creating so much excitement in both
Chambers—I allude to the increase of sal-
aries—it will show to the conference committee
that on all others but this one we are satisfied,
and that this part of the_report so increasing
salaries does not meet our approval. •
Is it not fair that this should be done ? It
seems to me the very propriety of the thing
shows the good sense of the ruling of the
Chair and the propriety of our giving to our
conference committee the opinion of this body
respecting this one proposition. I maintain
that it is logical. Why? All the gentlemen
who are now opposing the ruling of the Chair
admit that we can recommit. Recommit for
what? You can recommit because there is
something iti the report not satisfactory to thi3
Chamber. For what is it you recommit the
report? What is the purpose of a recommit-
ment ? I do say that when we undertake to
recommit the report it is our duty to advise the
committee as to the particular question upon
which they have acted; and which action is
not satisfactory to this body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, "Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate ? "
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I move to lay
the appeal on the table.
Mr. CONKLING and Mr. STEWART. Let
us vote on the appeal squarely.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Laying the appeal on
the table sustains the decision of the Chair;
that is all.
Mr, FERRY, of Michigan. That will be a
test vote. The debate is through.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us vote directly.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. As it seems to
be the sentiment of the Senate to vote directly
on the appeal, I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. SHERMAN. On that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to have the
decision of the Chair stated, so that we may
know precisely what we are to vote upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Iowa [Mr. Wright] moved to recom-
mit the report to the committee of conference,
with instructions. A point of order being
raised, the Chair ruled the motion to be in order.
From that decision an appeal was taken, and
the question is, •" Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?"
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11. nays 46 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Chandler,
Ferrv of Michigan, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan,
Howe, Pratt, Sherman, Sprague and Wright-11.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter Cas-
serly, Clay ton,Cole. Cockling. Cooper.Cragin. Davis,
Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton ot lexas,Hamlin,
Hill, Hitchcock, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Maehon, Jlor-
rill of Maine, Norwood, Nye, Osborn, Patterson,
Pool, Ramsey, Ransom, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Stevenson, Stewart, Tipton,
Trumbull, Vickers, West, and Windom—46.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Corbett, Edmunds, Pen-
ton, Perry of Connecticut, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,
Johnston, Morrili of Vermont, Morton, Pomeroy,
Spencer, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, and Wil-
son—16.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on agreeing to the report of the
committee of conference.
Mr. WRIGHT. I now move to recommit the
report without instructions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Iowa moves that the report be recom-
mitted to the committee of conference.
Mr. WRIGHT. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to say before the
vote is taken that I have already sufficiently
indicated the purpose I have in asking that
this report be recommitted. I ask that it be
recommitted and if the motion shall carry so
far as I am concerned, by my vote my purpose
is not that the conferees shall stand instructed
in the terms of the proposition itself, but that
it shall be understood that they are instructed
to strike out so much of the report as relates
to the salaries mentioned.
I desire to say also, as I made the motion
before, that the report be recommitted with
instructions to strike out all except the sal-
ary of the President, I so framed my motion
because I thought it would give it greater
strength, but I am really in favor of striking
it all oat. In making this motion without
instructions, if the report is recommitted I
want it understood that it is for the purpose
of having the conference committee return the
report striking out all upon the subject of
salaries in the respect that I mentioned here-
tofore, including the President's and all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Secretary to
report that part of the salary clause which
relates to Senators and members of Congress
and Delegates, so that we can see how the
law will stand if this report be agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
And Senators, Representatives and Delegates in
Congress, including Senators, Representatives and
Delegates in the Forty-Second Congress, shall re-
ceive $7,500 per annum each, and this shall be in
lieu of all pay and allowances; and all those hold-
ing such office at the passage of this act, and whose
claim to a seat has not been adversely decided, shall
receive $7,500 each, and this shall J>e in lieu of all
pay and allowances, except the actual individual
traveling expenses from their homes to the seat of
Government and return by the most direct route ot
usual travel, once for each session of the House to
which such Senator, Member or Delegate belongs, to
be certified to under his hand to the disbursing offi-
cer, and filed as a voucher: Provided, That in set-
tling the pay and allowances of Senators, members,
and Delegates in the Forty-Second Congress all
mileage shall be deducted, and no allowance made
for expenses of travel.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I wish
to call the attention of the Senate particularly
to the fact (because I feel sure that no Senator
can have noticed it, and it must have escaped
the observation of our respected representa-
tives, the conferees on the part of the Senate,)
that this bill by a mere inadvertence undoubt-
edly provides that we shall pay the members
of this present Congress for the two years that
have now expired an additional salary of $2,500
per annum, which for the two years amounts
to $5,000 for each of us for the past. If
you suppose that the number of Senators and
Representatives is altogether three hundred,
and it is somewhat more than that, I believe,
you have a million and a half dollars which
you propose to take from the Treasury of the
United States to pay us salaries for the time
we have served under existing laws where the
salaries have been fixed by law, and we pro-
pose to change the law backward for two years
in order to put into our pockets this addi-
tional compensation.
As I said, I am bound to presume that that
circumstance lias escaped the notice of Sena-
tors and the notice of the committee, and that
the conferees of the two Houses could not
have intended that we should make a special
exception in favor of ourselves, and violate the
principle that we impose upon every other
servant of the Government by changing the law
retrospectively for two years in order that we
may pocket a million and a half of the money
of the people.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator is hot quite
accurate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg the Senator's
pardon. If he will be kind enough to wait
until I am through, I shall be obliged to him.
You do not do that for the President of the
United States, whose salary has been the most
meagre. You do not do it for the Vice Presi-
dent of the United States; you do not do it
for the Secretary of the Treasury; you do not
do it for the Secretary of War, or any of the
other Secretaries; you do not do it for the
poor clerk, whose services you vote $1,200 a
year to pay. Say the law-makers, " because
we have it in our power we will make a special
exception in favor of ourselves, and will re-
verse every principle of-legislation that ought
to be practiced in a civilized community and
pocket a million and a half of the money of
the people.
I say, Mr. President, I do not wish to occupy
time; I have not the physical strength to do it.
I am bound to suppose that this circumstance
must have escaped the notice of the conference
committee.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] judges
other men entirely by himself. As nothing
ever escapes his notice he supposes that noth-
ing ever escapes the notice of anybody else,
except by accident.
Mr. President, this proposition is right or
wrong. If it is wrong to pnt up the salary of
members of Congress, it of course should not
be raised. If it is right to raise it, it was just
as proper to have raised it five years ago as it
is to-day. And this Congress which has been
serving two years has been serving with insuffi-
cient pay if the next Congress would serve
with insufficient pay at the present rates.
There is no constitutional objection, none will
be pretended, to this Congress doing justice
to itself as well as to the next and all succeed-
ing Congresses. We might, if we pleased,
commence on the first day of the term and
give a monthly pay, enough to pay our cigar
bills and our hack hire from the Capitol to our
boarding-houses, and save it all till the very
last day and then vote a reasonable compen-
sation for the two years' service. That would
be constitutional and perfectly regular.
How is it with the precedents? I understand
in every instance in which the pay of Con-
gress has been raised it has been made to
date back to the Congress that raised it; and
upon this same principle. If the Senator from
Vermont can show that we ought not to in-
crease the salary, that $5,000 is ample pay
for the work we do, then he makes out a good
case against this bill. If he cannot show that,
he makes out no case against dating its pro-
visions with the commencement of.this Con-
gress. There has been no change in the con-
dition of things, no change in the expenses
of living, no change in the value of services
within the last two years. If it is right now,
it has been right all these two years for us to
have more pay, and we violate no provision
of the Constitution in granting it, and if we are
authorized to raise it for other Congresses we
violate no principle of right or justice in rais-
ing it for this Congress.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmunds] was not quite accurate
in the statement which he made. The report
provides that in the adjustment of the accounts
of members of the present Congress the mile-
age they have received shall be deducted so
that it will equalize the pay during this Con-
gress. There has been great complaint about
the inequality on account of mileage; and this
