2o(i
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December IT,
the manufacture of patented articles in that coun-
try, and in nil respects place our patentees in Aus- 1
tria ou a level with Austrian patentees in tlie United
States.
A draft of such treaty has been prepared, and the
umlersiguod has the strongest hope of its speedy
consideration and adoptiou.
Some thirty of our best and most spirited oitiiens
have formed themselves into an advisory committee,
and are giving to ttiis commission their invaluable
advice and assistance.
I'litir ti.iuies, herewith mentioned in connection
with the different groupings, will give assurance to
the public ot ttie utmost cure and tairness:
lion. Sautkl 15. Kuuulks, Chairman.
Prof. Cu.vki.ks A. Joy, Secretary.
Group 1. Mtntii't. yit'trrytii!/ mot M> -Prof.
Wm. P. IJlvkk.
Group -. Ayrtcti/'iirt, Hurticu'ture, and Forestry—
Uknky Wimiibop Sargent, esq.
Group 3. Chemical Industry—Prof. ChaS. F.Cuand-
lkk.
Group 4. Substances of Food as Products of Industry,
Prof. E. X. IIokskoiii>.
Group 5. Tistile Industry and Clothing—Dr. IstDoR
Wai.Z.
Group 6. Leather and India Rubber Industry—Jack-
son S. Sc'lIl'ltz. esq.
Group 7. M^tal Industry—Anaw S. Hf.witt, esq.
Group S. Wovd Industry—<iko. Harvry, esq.
Group y. Stone, Earthen IVure and Glass Industry—
Prof. X. SrKKuv Hunt.
Group ID. Small il'firc* and Fancy Goods—Chas. L.
Tifraxy. esq.
Group U. Paper Industry and Stationery—JOIIN
Priesti.y, esq.
Group 12. Graphic Arts and Industrial Drawing—
John E. Gavit, esq.
Group 13. Machinery and Meant of Transport—Prof.
Robert 11. Thckston.
Group 14. Philosophical and Surgical Instruments—
Dr. F. A. P. Barnard.
Group 15, Musical Instrument*—i'llKODORE TlIOU VS,
esq.
Group It). The Art of War— General Q. A. Gilmore.
Group 17. The Nary—Isaac Newton, esq.
Group 18. Civil Engineeriiuj. I'ublic Works,andArch-
itnturi—\Vm. E. Worthkn, esu.
Group 19. The Prirate Dice/ting llouxe, it• Inner Ar-
rangements and Decorations—Calvert
VA r\. esq.
Group 20. The Farm Jlousc, its Arrangements, Fur-
niture, and Utensils, Hon. Orestks
Cleveland.
Group 21. National Domestic Industry—-Salem H.
Wales, esq.
Group 22. Exhibition showing the Organization and
Influence of Museums of Fine Arts applied
to Industry—Howard Potter, esq.
Group 23. Art applied to Religion—llev. Dr. H. C.
Potter.
Group 24. Objects ot Fine Arts of the Past, exhibited
l>y amateurs and oicnert of Oelections—
John X vyi.or Johnston, esq.
Group 21. Fine Artx of the Pre-cnt Time—GeorQB P.
Pl"tnam, esq.
Group 20. Education. Teaching, and Instruction—
JudgeH. C. Van Vorst.
The History of Inventions and Industry—Prof. SaMUEL
I). Tillman.
The History of Prices, and Representation of Com-
merce and Trade—Francis A. Stout, esq.
Churilits—Chas. L. Brace, esq.
Applications from exhibitors are now reaching
this office from all parts of the country, and others
who desire space should apply for bla,nk forms as
soon as possible.
The latest date at which sueh applications will be
received cannot now be stated, but will be published
hereafter.
It is hoped and believed that Congress will make
provision for the transportation of the exhibition
articles, of which due notice will be given.
In tome quarters opposition is manifesting itself
to an appropriation by Congress for the expenses of
the American department of the exhibition, but
there is every reason to believe that the appropria-
tion will be made early in December, and our coun-
try will not be disgraced by a parsimony as con-
temptible as it would be unwise and inexcusable.
The exhibition will not be a mere advertising
agency, as these croakers would have us believe, but
a great gathering of the productioa3 of all tho earth,
and a friendly contest for national superiority.
Information upon matters connected with the
exhibition will be cheerfully given on personal or
written application to this office.
THOMAS B. VAX BUREX,
United States Commissioner General, &c.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to a
privileged question. I move that the House
proceed to business on the Speaker's table,
and pending that motion I move that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
YVhole on the state of the Union on the
special order.
The SPEAKER. It will be the duty of the
House at two o'clock to take up the special
order, the two per cent, bill, no matter what
business may be pending at the time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Of course the
soecial order for to-day will take precedence,
but I think we can dispose of the deficiency
bill before two o'clock. I move that all debate
iu Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the pendiug paragraph of that
bill be closed in fifteen miuutes after the
committee shall resume the consideration of
the same.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. No, sir.
Mr. KERR. VVe objeot to that.
The SPEAKER. It is a matter for the
House to determine.
The question was put on Mr. Garfiei.d's
motion; and on a division there were—ayes
forty-nine, noes not counted.
So the motion to close debate was disagreed
to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to bring a matter
of personal privilege before the House, and I
hope the gentleman will yield to me for that
purpose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If gentlemen
are not willing to limit debase in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union it is
perfectly useless to go into committee, and I
prefer to let the gentleman go on.
message from tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments of the
j House to the bill (S. No. 616) to release to
11 to the State of Indiana the lands known as
I the bed of Beaver lake, in Newton county, in
said State.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, House bills
of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 2997) for the relief of
James C. Cooke;
An act (H. R. No. 3122) to authorize the
: appointment of keepers, and crews of surfmen,
, for the life-saving stations on the coast of Cape
;] Cod and Block Island, and for other purposes;
11 and
!| An act (H. R. No. 3138) to enable Joseph
Fox to make application to the Commissioner
of Patents for the extension of letters-patent
for machine for making crackers.
The message also announced that the Senate
i had receded from its twenty-first amendment to
! the bill (H. R. No. 2994) for the reduction of
li officers and expenses of the internal revenue.
The message further announced that the
Senate had. passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 1022) relating to the claim
of John P. Chapman ; and
An act (S. No. 1042) for the relief of
Thomas Hollis, of Morgan county, Georgia.
credit mobilikr investigation.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of privilege, and in order to make
myself understood I must say that I hold in
my hand several newspapers, among them the
New York Herald and the New York World,
which state that before a committee of investi-
gation created by this House a person by the
name of Henry McComb, of Delaware, has
sworn that the company of Credit Mobilier
gave me fifty shares of Credit Mobilier stock
in order that I might control or influence the
Democratic side of this House to sustain the
Union Pacific Railroad Company in whatever
demands it might make upon Congress, and
that I accepted this gift of the Credit Mobilier
thus to control the Democratic side of the
House. This is the substance of many state-
ments which are circulated in the press as the
testimony of Henry McComb with reference to
myself. It is upon this ground that I claim
the attention of the House as a matter of per-
sonal privilege.
Mr. Speaker, I have been in public life now
more or less for a quarter of a century, and
this is the second time in all that long public
life in which I have felt it a matter of public
duty to reply to a personal charge of this na-
ture. But as a member of Congress, and as
a member of one of the most important com-
mittees of the House, iti which millions of
dollars are directly or indirectly pending, if
what Mr. McComb says of me is true, L am
unfit to be a member of this House, and ought
to be expelled not only from this House but
from all association with decent men here or
elsewhere. It will be recollected that in Au-
gust last, duriug the presidential campaign,
and when it was uncertain in the public mind
whether Greeley or Grant would prevail, there
appeared in the New York Sun a certain charge
or record in which it was affirmed that a mem-
ber of this House connected with the Union
Pacific railroad had made out a list including
many of the most distinguished members of the
Republican party here and elsewhere, including
not only the honorable Speaker of this House
but the Vice President of the United States,
the Secretary of the Treasury, and many other
distinguished men on the Republican side who
had been long in public life and had hitherto
borne good characters; and the allegation fur-
nished directly or indirectly to the New York
Sun by Mr. McComb was that these gentlemen
had been guilty of fraud in the acceptance of
bribes of certain shares of stock in the Credit
Mobilier to be used in this House and else-
where, and even to influence such a high officer
of the Government as the Secretary of the
Treasury. The publication, as furnished by
Mr. McComb, stated positively that Oakks
Ames made up and furnished the list of Repub-
licans to be bribed, whereas when confronted
| in committee he swears, asl understand, that he
himself (McComb) made up the list at the sug-
! gestion, however, I hear, he adds, of Ames.
The public were thus made to credit for months
that Oakes Ames himself furnished the list of
members he was bribing, whereas it now turns
out that McComb was the man.
| In that publication were used certain pri-
1 vate letters, whether true or untrue will bte
developed in the course of this investigation,
but which nevertheless were private letters,
and which were intended to influence and
control the public mind pending the presi-
dential election, and to prejudice a large por-
tion of the country, not so much against the
Republican party as against the purity and
character of many of the most eminent men
in that party. Sir, the public never think well
of any man who, for pelf or passion, ushers
private letters into print, and they are likely
to think the less of that man who, claiming
to be a Republican, attacks or suffers to be
attacked leading men of his own party, in a
lawsuit where money only is what he is after.
The use made of these private letters develops
in part the character of McComb; but I pro-
pose by and by, more at length, to develop the
character of this calumniator. I availed my-
self at that time of all opportunities, public
and private, (though I was not in good health
and seldom appeared in public,) to say that so
far as I knew there was nothing of truth in
that publication; and I spoke with some knowl-
edge, because I was and am a director of the
Union Pacific railroad, and have been for many
years.
And now, before I go further, in order to
answer this charge properly, it becomes neces-
sary for me to say that some six or seg/pn
years ago I was appointed by the then Presi-
ident of the United States a Government
director of tho Union Pacific railroad. Two
great interests, the one located in Boston and
the other in New York, were struggling in
the executive department and in the Depart -
mentof the Interior to secure the Government
director for the benefit either of the Boston or
New York interest, so that they could so far in-
fluence and control the government of the road.
Boston presented their distinguished candi-
