2180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
will remove that so far as the present Congress
ig concerned. Those who live on the Pacific
aide will receive very little by this increase of
pay; some will even lose by it; but it will
remove that complaint, which I believe lias
been a just one. I presume every -member
from the Pacific coast will feel relieved when
there is no more said about this mileage. That
item will make a pretty large deduction from
the million dollars which is spoken of when
the adjustment is made.
I believe that the amount fixed is not too
high. I believe that the people are willing
that their Congressmen shall be paid a suffi-
cient amount to enable an economical person
to live here in Washington with his family. I
believe that is what the people of the United
States want and expect. I never have known
them to make any complaint about the salary;
I never have known it injure anybody that he
was willing to pay a decent salary to members
of Congress. Now if there is any objection
to this increase taking effect during the pres-
ent Congress, if auy member of either House
is so conscientious that he thinks it is wrong,
he can relieve himself from any inconvenience
on that point or any charge of impropriety
against himself by not receiving it; he can
receive his old salary and give a receipt in full.
There will bo a fair test of his patriotism.
It is very evident that there has been one
vote on the merits of this proposition, because
a vote on the question of order as I have ob-
served is always a vote on the merits. Having
voted on the merits, it is very obvious that a
majority is for it, and it is very cheap capital
now to vote against it.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator may speak for
himself on that question, but I desire to say
that the vote on the point of order was not,
so far as many Senators are concerned, a vote
on the merits.
Mr. STEWART. It may not be on this
case, but it always has been heretofore, for I
have observed it very carefully and have sel-
dom known it to be otherwise. It is manifest
that there is a majority in the Senate who
intend to vote for this conference report finally,
because they believe it is right, and because
to defeat it might create the necessity for an
extra session. It is very evident there is a
majority for it, but those who are conscien-
tious about it can make their speeches, put
themselves right, with their constituents, and
their constituents will not believe anything of
the speeches if they afterward take the money.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely want to make a
single suggestion in reply to the illustration of
my friend from Nevada about this question of
declining to take money, which reminds me
of a story I heard up in the North country
where a body of people went to a store one
night to break in and some of the recruits who
did not know exactly the object of the expedi-
tion rather declined, and their comrades said:
"Oh, just help us break into the store, and if
you do not want any of the money we will
take it ourselves." The storekeeper thought
that the robbery was just the same. I respect-
fully submit to my friend that it is not the best
possible logic to say that this bill is right be-
cause if it be wrong anybody who thinks so
may refuse to take advantage of it. There
ought to be some better ground than that for
going for this raid upon the Treasury.
Mr. STEWART. Can the Senator sub-
stantiate the truth of the story itself?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can if the Senator will
go home with me.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, it is from a deep conviction that we are
making a grand mistake that I rise to say a
single word on the subject.
Most of us when we came here were not
only willing but eager to come on the salary
fixed by law; and when the Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Carpenter] undertakes to belittle
$5,000 a year he will find that our constituents,
who upon an average, working and toiling
hard throughout the year, do not succeed in
gathering together over $1,000, will not regard
$5,000 as such a paltry sum. Now what is the
proposition here ? It is to take out of the
Treasury of the United States a million and
a half dollars and put it in our own pockets;
and we find that this will be supported and
sustained by a very large number who go out
of office to-morrow, and I expect to see a very
large number of those who vote for this prop-
osition go out of office at the very earliest op-
portunity the people can reach them.
Mr. President, I do not believe in turning
our services here into a mere pecuniary reward.
They should not be paid for in full in money.
There ought to be some compensation left m
the honor of the position of Senator or Rep-
resentative. I do not at this late hour of the
session propose to talk this matter to death,
but so far as I am concerned I am quite willing
the bill should be lost.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I have nothing to say in reference to fixing the
compensation of Senators and Representatives
for the future. That matter the general sense
of Congress may determine without hearing
from me. But this measure of voting our-
selves money in the past I think is bad in prin-
ciple. We are taking a million and a half out
of the Treasury to-night for nothing. The
Government owes us nothing. We have never
said that our compensation ought to be a mil-
lion and a half more than it is. We have stood
here discharging the duty, and if we can take
out of the Treasury for ourselves a million and
a half wc have just as good a right to take ten
millions; and while we are looking at some of
the States of this Union, and seeing the man-
ner in which the Treasury is preyed upon in
some of the southern States, I submit that this
is a bad example for the Congress of the United
States to set to the States of this Union.
Besides, Mr. President, it is a very bad time
to do this. It is a very bad time, when a large
number of the representatives of the people
are going from public life and do not feel their
responsibility to their constituents, for them to
legislate money into their own pockets. It is
constitutional, no doubt. We have omnipo-
tent power over this subject. I suppose it
would be constitutional for us to extend this
provision and make it apply to the last Con-
gress and to the Congress before. I know of
no limit in the Constitution, if we pass the bill
and the President signs it.
There is another thing in this bill. Every-
body in the nation will agree that no one has
been so poorly paid as the President of the
United States. We do not propose to go back
and give him a compensation of $50,000 a year
for the last four years.
Mr. CARPENTER. Does not the Senator
know that we cannot?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I know that we
cannot, and I know that the same principle
that makes it a "cannot" as to the President
ought to make it a "should not" and "ought
not" as to ourselves. You can do it for the
Vice President; you can do it for the Cabinet;
but you do not purpose to do that. Now in
reference to the future, let Congress exercise
its just and careful judgment iu reference to
raising the salaries. It is very probable that
the compensation is not large enough, but this
principle of a Congress at the close of its ses-
sion going back and voting itself money when
the Government owes it nothing, is bad in
principle.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I intend to
vote to recommit this report, and have thus
far refrained from saying anything on the sub-
ject; but I can no longer refrain from saying
a few words giving the reasons why I shall
do so.
It is very evident that the interest upon this
question concentrates almost entirely upon that
part of the proposed legislation which affects
the pay of members of Congress. That is the
only increased pay which is proposed to be
made retroactive. While there is a constitu-
tional prohibition against legislating for the
increase or decrease of the salary of the Presi-
dent during his term of office, there is no such
prohibition with reference to any other officer
or person named in the bill, and what has been
already said has been well applied in reproba-
tion of this practice of carrying tho pay back-
ward.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him a moment, and remind
him that the members of the Cabinet during the
last four years have had more pay than we pro-
pose to put up for ourselves even in the future?
Their salary has been $8,000, and we only
propose to put ours at $7,500. They have
their pay for four years, and we shall have ours
for two ; that is the difference.
Mr. SCOTT. I am aware of that; but the
difference between the member of the Cabinet
and the member of Congress is still observed,
and you raise the salary of the member of the
Cabinet, putting him at still more than the
member of Congress; and if he is worth more
for the future, why is he not worth more for
the past as well as the member of Congress ?
We are legislating on this subject, I fear, in
a bad atmosphere, and what I say I say perhaps
from some old-fashioned notions that I have
imbibed on this subject; but nevertheless I mu st
say it. I fear that when we get to Washington,
where we are in the habit of attending dinners—
or if not in the habit do at least occasionally
attend dinners—that cost five hundred or a
thousand dollars, and we see a mode of life
that is so entirely beyond the means of the
average people of the country that we feel per-
haps a little reflection that we are not able to
live up to it, and we get the idea that our sal-
aries ought to be put up to such a figure as to
enable the members of Congress here to live
as well as those who are much better off in the
goods of this world than the average members
of Congress can hope to be at home.
Now, sir, salaries for members of Congress
are not made for the purpose of actual com-
pensation. Everybody knows that; and no one
better than the Senator from Wisconsin, who
enjoyed a very lucrative practice and whose
talents and abilities entitle him to it. He did
not leave his praeiiee and come here for the
purpose of making money by being a member
of Congress. Everybody knows that men who
are engaged in large business enterprises, the
heads of large mercantile or manufacturing
establishments, those who are in any large
business that brings them in great money re-
turns, do not leave them and become mem-
bers of Congress for the purpose of making
money. When we come to fix the salary of
members of Congress, if we fix it at a price
which does not exclude from that honorable
position (honorable if it is made so) those
who are poor, those who can come here and
live as well as the average members of the
community live throughout the land, we do all
that ought to be expected.
Now look at it, Mr. President. The last
law that was passed fixing the salary was
passed iu 1860. Gold at that time, if I recol-
lect aright, was about 125 or 150, and there
was an income tax of about $200 on every one
of the salaries that was drawn. Gold has been
going down and the prices of commodities
have been decreasing, so that in reality the
salary has been increasing ever since 1806 and
the income tax has been taken off. The salary
is^ to-day more in reality than it was then.
Now we propose to increase that salary and
to carry the increase back two years. I admit
that no member can on the present salary
come here and bring his family and live even
in the manner in which not the richest but
many of the moderately circumstanced peo-
ple here do live ; and I suppose there are not
many members of Congress who when they
do come here, either to the House or to the
Senate, expect to bring their families and
make their homes here. There are not very
