1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOB®.
1221
adopted a word it was for a purpose, and when
they, being informed as to expressions of our
treaties, carefully distinguished the wording
of this treaty from others which we had made
in the last seventy years, it is significant. In
ten treaties—one with England in 1794; one
with France in 1803; one with Algiers in
1815; with Spain in 1819 ; with Great Britain
in 1822; with Denmark in 1830; with France
in 1831; with the two Sicilies in 1832; with
Spain in 1834; and with Mexico in 1848—the
claims provided for were stated to be the
claims of citizens of the United States. But
in this treaty the language is very different; it
calls for the adjustment of " differences that
have arisen between the Government of the
United States aud the Government of her
Britannic Majesty growing out of the acts of the'
several vessels which have given rise to the
claims generically known as the Alabama
claims." Sir, any party who makes a claim
under the treaty of Washington is estopped
from denying that the claims adjusted thereby
were national aud not individual—national
claims measured, as to one class of them, by
what individuals suffered ; but claims based
upon the infringement by Great Britain of her
obligations of neutrality.
The significance of the difference between
this treaty and the ten treaties to which refer-
ence has been made is conclusive on this sub-
ject, unless the effect of that marked difference
can be avoided on the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, to the effect that as we had
national as well as individual claims, the treaty
m its terms treated them all as national.
I submit that had we intended to present
individual as well as national claims, as sug-
gested by the Senator, the men who framed the
treaty would have said "national and indi-
vidual " That paper is not drawn in the slip-
shod manner, that under theterm " national"
it. would be expected that individual claims
would be included. And further, the effect
of difference in language of this treaty from
the others canuot be avoided, because the
claims erroneously insisted on as being those
of the citizen, in fact grew out of "the acts
committed by the several vessels which had
given rise to the claims generically known as
the Alabama claims;" and they are the very
claims which the treaty declares to be national.
The claims of individuals grew out of the acts
done by the rebel cruisers; and the treaty
pointedly in the act declares that the claims
which grew out of the acts done by the cruisers
are national.
But, sir, observe further the different lan-
guage the treaty itself uses when speaking of
our national claims and when speaking of the
claims of individuals. When speaking of the
former it says, as I before directed your atten-
tion to, " whereas differences have arisen
between the Government of the United States
and the Government of her Britannic Ma-
jesty," &c., and provides for their adjustment.
But when in the twelfth article, speaking of
individual claims as they shall be presented
by the subjects of Great Britain and by the
citizens of the United States to the mixed
commission, you observe the difference in
the language. Its language as to individual
claims is:
" The high contracting parties agree that all claims
on the part of corporations, companies, or private
individuals,citizens of the United States, upon the
Government of her Britannic Majesty, arising out
01 acts committed against the persons or property of
citizens of ttie United States during the period be-
tween the 13th of April, 1861, and the 9th of April,
1865, inclusive, not being claims growing out of ttio
acts of Cue vessels referred to in article one m this
treaty, and all claims with the like exception, ou the
part of corporations, companies, or private individ-
uals, subjects of her Britannic Majesty, upon the
Government of the United States, arising out 01 acts
committed asainst the persons or property of sub-
jects of her Britannic Majesty during the same
period, which may have been^ presented to either
Government for its interposition with the othe?,
and which yet remain unsettled, as well as any other
such claims which may be presented within the time
specified in article fourteen of this treaty, shall be
referred to three commissioners."
The distinction is as broad in the treaty
itself between the individual claims referred
to in the twelfth article and in the national
claims of the first article, as between the
national claims spoken of in the treaty of
Washington and the individual claims referred
to in the ten treaties to which reference has
been made ; and so the marked iatiguage of this
treaty stamps the claims under it as national.
The truth is, the United States had two kinds
of national claims, the one growing out of the
violation of neutrality and bringing damage to
particular citizens, and the other growing out
of the same violation and affecting the nation
generally ; and the award being in gross, no
one can tell what part of the award had rela-
tion to the claims of individuals or what part
had reference to the more general claims of
the nation. The purposeof giving the tribunal
at Geneva the alternative of finding a sum
in gross under the seventh article was that
they need not specify to whom the claims
belonged. If the arbitrators desired that their
award should apply specifically to any class
of claims, the treaty provided how it should
be effected. The tribunal was to settle the
rules of adjudication and it was then to be
referred to the board of assessors to determine
who was entitled to the allowance.
We are told that the arbitrators, while hav-
ing the right to consider, did rnle out the na-
tional clamfs. I insist the tribunal did not
rule out the claim arising from the nation
having sustained a loss of wealth. What they
overruled is stated in the award, from which
I read:
"And whereas, so far as relates to the particulars
of the indemnity claimed by the United States, the
costs of pursuit of the confederate cruisers aro not,
in the judgment of the tribunal, properly distin-
guishable from thegeneral expenses of the war car-
tied on by the United States:
" The tribunal is therefore of opinion, by a ma-
jority of throe to two voices—
" That there is no ground for awarding to the
United States any sum by way of indemnity under
this head.
"And whereas prospective earnings cannot prop-
erly be made the subject of compensation, inasmuch
as they depend in their nature upon future and un-
certain contingencies:
" The tribunal is unanimously of opinion—
" That there is no ground for awarding to the Uni-
ted States any sum by way of indemnity underpins
head.
"And whereas, in order to arrive at an eqtuitablo
compensation for the damages which have been sus-
tained, it is neccssary to set aside all double claims
for the same losses, and all claims for ' gross
freights,' so far as they exceed 'not freightsand
whereas it is just and reasonable to allow interest
at a reasonable rate; and whereas, in accordance
with the spirit and letter of the treaty of Washing-
ton, it is preferable to adopt the form of adjudica-
tion of a sum in gross, rather than to reler the sub-
ject of compensation for further discussion and
deliberation to a board of assessors, as provided by
article ten of the said treaty:
"The tribunal mailing use of the authority con-
ferred upon it by article seven of the said treaty, by
a majority of four voices to one, awards to the
United States a sum of 815,500,000 in gold, as the in-
demnity to be paid by Great Britain to the United
States for the satisfaction of all the claims referred
to tho consideration of the tribunal, conformably to
the provisions contained in article seven of the afore-
said treaty."
The only national claim set aside is the
expense sustained by the United States in
following these cruisers.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to call his attention to one point?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say to my
friend that he wholly overlooks the decision
of the tribunal by which all those claims which
were called generally "indirect damages,"
and which included the expenses of the pro-
longation of the war, increased rates of insur-
ance, and all that, were decided not to be
subjects of allowance. By the decision, which
was made before the tribunal could take a step,
which removed the lock that had taken place,
all those claims were decided beforehand.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. 1 had not over-
looked that. I stated that the claims for the
prolongation of the war and for the destruc-
tion of our commerce were looked upon as
too indirect to be entertained; but stated that
it was insisted upon before the tribunal as
appears by the record that besides those na-
tional clainls, we had a claim for the loss of
national wealth; and it will further appear
that this claim was considered and an allow-
ance made for it.
The treaty itself shows that it never was the
purpose of either Government that the tri-
bunal at Geneva should apply the money to
any class of claimants. By the seventh article
of the treaty the tribunal was required to com-
plete their work in three months, and by the
tenth article the board of assessors, to whom
is committed the duty of appropriating the
allowance made, are allowed two years and
six months to complete their work. That
fact was distinctly alluded to by the tribunal.
The tribunal had no power or jurisdiction
over the question whether insurers were or
were not to be paid. All that the tribunal in
fact did was to obtain facts enough to inform
its consciencn as to what would probably be a
satisfactory sum to award. Look at the pro-
tocol No. 29, and see that.it was a jumping
conclusion to which they came, to what was in
the language of the treaty "a sum in gross."
One of the arbitrators, as appears by that pro-
tocol,Mr, Staempfii, made the sum $20,000,000,
and Sir Alexander Cockburn made the sum
$10,121,044, and the sum finally arrived at by
the tribunal was $15,500,000—a mere lumping'
conclusion after being possessed of the inform-
ation requisite for such end. I admit that the
sum of the award for the wrong to the nation
generally is, after deducting the sums intended
for specific parties, a meager amount; but
the result arrived at was that which it was
thought would satisfy parties, that which, in
view of the events which had preceded, would
meet the approval of the world.
Mr. President, in the pamphlet circulated
here, bearing the signature of Mr. Evarts,
several authorities are referred to which have
no application to the case. The first case
referred to is Comegys el al. vs. Vasse, 1
Peters's Reports, 193. In that case the reclam-
ation was made under the provision of the
ninth article of the treaty of 1819 with Spain,
which made provision, according to the words
of that treaty, for "all claims of citizens of the
United States upon the Government of Spain
arising from the unlawful seizures at sea, and
in the ports and territories of Spain or the
Spanish colonies." (Treaties of the United
States, page 791.) There is no doubt that a3
that was the claim of an individual, the doc-
trine of subrogation applied ; the insured had a
vested right in the claim ; but when the claim
is not that of an individual, but of the nation,
the insured has no right to the fund which the
insurer can subrogate.
The next case that is referred to is that of
Gracie vs. New York Insurance Company (8
Johnson's Reports, 237.) The reclamation
referred to here was made under the treaty of
1831 with France, which recites that the pay-
ment of the fund is made by the French Gov-
ernment to the United States "in order to
liberate itself completely from all the recla-
mations preferred against it by citizens of the
United States." (Treaties of the United
States, 190.)
The other case referred to is that of Camp-
bell vs. Mullet, 2 Swanston, 551. The rec-
lamation in these was made under the treaty
of 1794 with Great Britain, which relates to
"complaints by divers merchants and other'
citizens of the United States," and is found
in Treaties of the United States, page 323.
The cases thus referred to relate to disputes
between individuals where there is no doubt
that the money is duo, and the only question is
which one of the individuals is entitled to it.
These cases have no relation to the disposition
to be made of a national fund recovered for
a national wrong.
Mr. President, where the claim is preferred
as a national one, wherecounselareinstrueted
in advance to present the claim so as to leave .
