is;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
257
dates, among them eminent men: I believe
Governor Andrews, an ex-Governor of the
State of Massachusetts, was one ; and New
York presented their candidates also.
The then President 6f the United States. Mr.
Johnson, unable to decide among all these
gentlemen who had been preferred by their
friends for the place, none of them claiming it
personally, I believe, for it was a place of no
profit, no pay, no salary, except five dollars
per day while actually serving—the then Presi-
dent of the United States, as I was informed,
said to both the New York and the Boston
interests, " I do not know personally these
men you recommend ; but I do know Mr.
Brooks ; I have sat beside him or in close
contiguity with him in the Old Hall of the
House of Representatives for four years, and
I am willing to make him one of the Govern-
ment directors." The commission was made
out and sent to me, without the least personal
solicitation on my part, to the then great regret,
of the Boston interests, fcnd with a compli-
mentary and explanatory letter, which I should
have brought here but for the recent destruc-
tion of this with other documents in the con-
flagration of my printing and editorial offices
in New York.
I happened, then, to be a Government
director, without salary, without pay, except
five dollaTs a day, I think, while on actual
service, and so much for travel per mile, the
usual congressional mileage, whwfh amounted
in my case to little or nothing, because the
board generally sat in the city of New York,
which was my residence.
When General Grant came into power natu-
rally enough so prominent an assailant as I
was, and one so offensive politically, I trust
not personally, to him and to his party, was
turned ont of office, and a distinguished ex-
member of Congress, Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,
was substituted in my place. The stockhold-
ers of that road, not supposed to be a political
road, having invested millions of dollars in
that great trunk line of the continent, indis-
posed to have the least suspicion go to the
country that it was a political road, imrte-
dmtety elected me as one of the stockholders'
directors. And since that time I have been
elected and reelected as one of the stock-
holders' directors by the stockholders them-
selves. Three fourths of the stock was then
held in Boston, and by men whom I have been
opposing in political life for the last eight or
ten years. I valued the compliment all the
more for this, and I accepted the post, in part
for that, but the more to gratify an honorable
ambition of having my name identified with the
greatest achievement of the age.
Over thirty years ago, in the newspaper
with which I am connected, one ofthe original
projectors of that road, Mr. Whitney, then
well known, published to the world a series
of articles which greatly aroused the attention,
■arid which even gave me'a lively interest in
what seemed then to be a wonderful if not
impossible scheme. And whatever political
honors in thrg House and elsewhere I may
have received from my countrymen, yet the
highest ambition I hare ever had was to be
connected with that great trunk road from
the Pacific to the Atlantic. If t"here is to be
hereafter, I tilid to myself, any monument of
any valwe to my memory, the proudest both
■for me and my children will be the association
ftnd the connection of my horn We natne With
that, Hnk of rail from ocean to Ocean—the
bartd of a continent, and the bond off my
country in it union, one and indivisible.
Another, a lesser, but yet a significant
reason for rti-y acceptance of this post of stock-
holder director, when President Grant re-
tnerved me as Government director, was what
I then deemed a matter of justice and imi-
tWbfrMmce to 'the Democratic party and my
Democratic friends. I Felt it my duty to
■see that the road shorrid not be in any man-
ner controlled politically against them ; that
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 17.
it shonld never become a partisan road. I
felt it ray duty^to stand there as a sentinel arid
watch that road to see that it was not so used.
In justice to the majority of the directors who
are opposed to me in politics, I .feel it my
duty now to say that the road has never been
used that way in any manner, at least within
tuy knowledge.
Of course it was to be expected that a road
upon which the Government had lavished mil-
lions in the form of bonds, and which was to
have such great power over the commerce and
trade of the country, would be besieged upon
all sides by ambitious and mercenary men
desirous to control it financially, if not politi-
cally. Hence, tqhen this road was beginning
to shadow itself before the public, and while
it was still in the infancy of its construction,
there came from the country to New York
two men—men attractive in personal appear-
ance ; men of agreeable manners; men not with-
out talent; but men of audacity, who, upon the
great theater of Wall street and its surround-
ings, desired to figure largely, as political men
desire to figure here. One came from the pu re
air and the green hills of Vermont. Amid its
Christian surroundings, its captivating scenery,
and its frugal population he had been trained
in virtue and in virtuous associations. But
when he entered New York he abjured his
home and its associations, and put on the livery
of Satan, the better to serve tne devil in Wajl
street. [Laughter.] That man was James Bisk,
jr., whose career is well known to you all.
Another man came to New York about the
same time from the streets and alleys of the
little city of Wihnington, Delaware. He came
as a saint, though not wearing sandal, cowl, or
crozier. He Was a member of the Church,
and traded on his sanctity. The saint
worked himself in as   director of the Union
Pacific railroad and also as a director of the
Credit Mobilier of America, while the Satan
attempted by storm what the saint worked for
ander the cowl. But together they struggled
to insinuate themselves into the Union Pacific
railroad. Fisk bought six shares, and strove
to fight his way in by the courts of law.
McComb was in, and aided Jim Fisk to the
best of his ability. McComb was all gentle-
ness, goodness, and charity, while Fisk, like
a roaring lion, ran rampant in Wall street, or
in the Central park, emblazoning his courte-
sans and cyprians to the fashionable popula-
tion of a great city. Their tracks were both
alike, save in this, that the cowl protected the
one, while the livery of Satan was always
exposing the other.
Mr. Speaker, these two gentlemen about the
same time instituted suits against the Union
Pacific railroad; the one by Fisk on his part,
July 2, 1868, the repoutof which I hold before
me, and the other by McComb in the January
term, 1868, of a court in Pennsylvania; the
one in the city of New York before Jadge Bar-
nard, a man of some renown, who appointed
as receiver of the road a Mr. Tweed, a name
of notless-renown. Fisk swore in that Bar-
nard court what McComb sweart also., that
members of Congress are all, or almost all,
icorrupt; in subatanqe, thpt there i« bo firtoe
in public life, all that is left being.in the bosom
of the Fisks and MoCombs- When greedy to
grasp the Union Pacific railroad, Fisk swore:
"1 am also informed, and believe, that a number
of members of Congress have  'direct or indirect in-
terest in securing the said Credit Mobilier a contin-
uance of its present control over the Union Pacific
railroad; that over 8500,000of the funds of the said
Onion Pacific Railroad Company were expended by
its directors within a single year in bribes to mem-
bers of Congress and officers of the United States
Government, and that millions of dollars have been
given to sttdh members and officers as bribes, in an
indirefct manner, by giving to them shares in the
profits of the said Credit Mobilier."
Now, McComb is of the same opinion, and
has insinuated if not sworn to the like in the
court of Pennsylvania; of my case it was an
afterthought that I was given fifty shares of
the Credit Mobilier only to corrupt Demo-
cratic members of Congress, for it was not
proffered in the Pennsylvania suit or in the
publication that McComb first caused to be
made in the New York Sun.
It turns out, as I understand, that McComb
is suffering about as much in the court of
Pennsylvania as Fisk has suffered in the court
of New York, and hence it became advisable
to change the issue or the venue. The
Speaker of the House, the Vice President of
the United States, and the Secretary of the
Treasury were therefore involved, with other
eminent Republicans in Congress, in the Au-
gust publication, in order either to compel
them to compel Oakes Ames to pay McComb
black mail, or in order to fish for additional
testimony before a committee of the House,
which he knew the Speaker or some other
member must demand as soon as the House
assembled in December. In other words, he
was transferring his black mail suit from a
court in Pennsylvania to a court in Congress,
where he supposed he could create a.public
opinion which would make Ames pay up or
drive him from Congress. McComb and Fisk
both operated in the same way.
And here, if I am not misinformed, an effort
has recently been made in Washington on •
the part of McComb—and since this investi-
gating committee was started—to settle this
whole suit here, when McComb, if he was
compelled to appear at all as a witness before
the committee, would so appear to do no
harm to anybody.
As I have already said, these two suits,
instituted by these two copartners, Fisk and
McComb—not copartners in business, but co-
partners in general deviltry—were instituted
kbout the same time; One was ended by the
impeachment of Judge Barnard for his action
in reference to this very road, while the other
was practically ended in the courts of Penn-
sylvania, and then forced into this House.
Now, when it was found that no damage
could be done to the dominant majority of
this House, as the men assailed were men
of sufficient character to sustain themselves
before the country, or if not men of sufficient
character, their party was triumphant in power
and could sustain them, then, long after this
publication in the New York Sun, for the first
time now McComb turns up here before the
committee, selects me, a Democratic mem-
ber of Congress, and swears that Mr. Alley,
of Massachusetts, ex-member of this House,
offered me fifty shares; nay, gave me fifty
shares of this Credit Mobilier stock on condi-
tion that I would control the Democratic side
of the House. Sir, he was very late in pro-
mulgating to the world that the Democracy
were corrupt, only after Grant's reflection,
when the Republicans were triumphant and
the Democracy were down under foot; and he
selected me as a victim because upon the dis-
covery of what manner of a man he was three
years ago I was largely instrumental in having
him turned out of the directorship of the road,
of which he is now no longer a member.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what charge could be
more ludicrous than this, that I, with only
fifty shares of Credit Mobilier worth only
$5,000 at par, was invested with the mission of
bribing all the Democratic members of Con-
gress. I was first, I suppose, to buy up the New
York city, members, all of whom are men of
property, who would laugh at a $5,000 bribe;
certainly laugh at what would be the trivial
share ot it among a hundred other Democratic
members. I had therewith to influence such
m^u as my honorable friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman,] who not only always resists
wrong, but often resists fight, and cannot be
induced by any kind of argument to go for the
right in matters of appropriation, [laughter,]
or, that I might influence the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,] now in my eye, or the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] or the
honorable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] all of whom I was to influence and
