2182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Senate is very clear; the majority is very
decided.
There are some weak-kueed on this occasion,
as there always are. My distinguished friend
from Vermont [Mr. Mokrill] admonishes us
that he who gives a vote to-night for this meas-
ure in all probability will not be troubled by
his constituency to be called back into service.
But, sir, I will illustrate by a baekwpods anec
dote, if you please, to some extent illustrating
our position here and authorizing me to come
to the conclusion that I do upon this occa-
sion.
I knew a man who was a very substantial
farmer, but unfortunately he drank too much
whisky. He was quite a drinker, and occa
sionally he would go off from his family, leav-
ing his wife in charge of everything on the
plantation. It was very well established that
he would go off and spree it for a week or two
at a time. The anecdote runs thus: he had
gone off on one occasion, and upon his return
he found his wife very grum indeed.. He spoke
to her kindly, and she rebuked him very
sternly, and told him the fact was that she be-
lieved she had the meanest husband in exist-
ence. He stood it very meekly and heard it
all without a word. After she had got through
entirely, he very kindly raised up, turned
round, and said, " My dear, I can tell you one
thing. I admit that I am one of the worst,
perhaps the worst husband known ; but I have
got this to say, I have got the best wife in the
world, and thereby we make a pretty good
average." [Laughter.]
I think to-night we have done justiee to the
soldier; we have acted liberally toward him,
and now we will do a little for ourselves, and
if our constituency say we have acted very
badly indeed, we will plead the action for the
soldier, and thereby we will make a pretty
good average. [Laughter.] I do not think
we shall be considered the worst legislators
imaginable. I think our constituents will do
as they did with the proud Clay, one of the
noblest spirits that ever represented auy peo-
ple or presented themselves in any legislative
body. He voted for an increase of salary.
He was sent back until he died, and if he were
living he would still be in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has spoken live minutes.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Wis
consion says that-this is a practical question,
and it is, sir, a very practical question. It
means business. It is not for me, Mr. Presi-
dent, to criticise the action of brother Senators
or of members of the other House. It is no'
for me to say what the services of individuals
here are worth. I have no doubt that in the
estimation of most of the members of this
body the pay they receive is entirely inade-
quate ; but I have never known a vacancy in
this body that had not at least one man willing
to (ill it for the pay. In my own State I think
there must be at least fifty men to-day who
would be willing to sacrifice themselves to
take niy place; and I presume there is not
another State in the Union that could not fur-
nish a large number of men ready and willing
and anxious to take the place of every member
of this body upon the compensation that we now
receive.
Mr. President, when you come to the cost
of living, it is a mere matter of taste. There
was a Quaker living in Philadelphia a few
years ago, a hatter, and one day a rather rouge
man came in to purchase a hat, and inquireu
of the Quaker if' he could not take a dollai
less thau he asked. Said the Quaker, " As 1
live, friend, I cannot." With a large-sizec
adjective the man turned around and said,
" Then live cheaper." That was his response
Said the Friend, "Thee can take a hat; thee
art the first man who has understood ruj
secret." 11 a man wiil liv= within his means
he can in all probability, whatever he gets,
and whether you pay 55,000, or ยง7,500, oi
ยง17,500, does not interfere at all with tht
expenses of living. A man who will not live
upon ยง5,000 will not live upon $7,500. He
will not live within his means if he does not
live on $5,000. And what is to-day the com-
pensation that we receive? Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, our duties here occupy about four and
a half months in the year, certainly not more
than five months at the outside. For that we
receive $5,000 a year, or a little over a thou-
sand dollars a month. It would be very hard
to satisfy my constituents that a thousand dol-
lars a month was not as much.as I could earn.
I think I could earn more, for I do not believe
there is a man in this body or in the other
House who has made one half the pecuniary
sacrifice that I have made in occupying a seat
in this body ; and yet I was perfectly willing,
entirely willing, and have been continuously
willing to occupy the seat for the pay.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. Please state to the Senate
what your annual expenses are for living here
in Washington city.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not think it any
of the Senator's business. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. I do not think it is either ;
but will you not give them approximately?
Mr. CHANDLER. I live within my means,
and it is nobody's business how much I spend.
Mr. LOGAN. That is true ; but you spoke
about men living within their means.
M!r. CHANDLER. I cannot tell how much
I spend.
Mr. LOGAN. Do you not think it costs
you $20,000 a year to live here ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I am not here to be
questioned. I spend what I please at home or
in Washington, and it is nobody's business.
Mr. LOGAN. I know that; but if you had
no income but the $5,000 salary how would
you get along?
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I should live
withm the $5,000 most certainly, and would
in all probability lay by a little. [Laughter.]'
Mr. LOGAN. The point I want to make
is, that inasmuch as you are not dependent on
that, you want to require poor men to live
within their means, within the $5,000, and
you to have an opportunity of living on twenty
ortweniy-five thousand dollars if you desire.
That is about the difference, is it not?
Mr. CHANDLER. I have always lived
within my means, and I always expect to do so.
Mr. LOGAN. Rich men always do.
Mr. CHANDLER. I was very willing to
come here and occupy a seat on this floor at
the salary which was then prescribed by law,
and I am willing to do so yet.
Mr. LOGAN. Would you not have been
willing to come if the salary had not been any-
thing at all? [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. I might and I might
not. [Laughter.] But I consider that the
average Congressman is well paid. There
may be here and there a man who could earn
more money than he receives as a member of
Congress. I have no doubt that my distin-
guished friend from Illinois could earn twenty
or twenty five thousand dollars at his profes-
sion ; but the average Congressman and the
average Senator is paid all that he is worth
for the services that he renders, and if a large
moiety of both bodies should conclude that
they could not possibly afford to remain with
the salary and should therefore resign, I do
not think the country would suffer. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, the more
I hear of this business the more I am satisfied
the bill ought to pass. The Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] admits that $5,000
is insufficient to enable a rne-nber of Congress
to come here and live comfortably with his
family. He says the fact is that most of them
do not and ought not to bring their families.
Our constituents do not believe any such thing.
The Senator from Michigan has furnished a
most complete argument. He has stated the
thing just as it is, that these places can all be
filled without any salary. There is no doubt
about that. They can all be tilled without any
salary, but by whom would they be filled?
They must be filled by either rogues or rich
men; there is no other way. An honest poor
man cannot live here without a salary ; he
must be a rich man. 1 presume there are
plenty of rich men in the country who would
take these places if that was our theory. That
is the English theory. If it is the theory of
our Government that the men who legislate
for it shall be rich and shall be paid nothing
by the public, let the wealth of the country be
represented here entirely, and then you do not
want any salary at all.
If on the contrary you mean that persons who
have to earn their living as they go along and
have to work may represent the country here,
then you must fix a reasonable salary to sup-
port them. Base it upon some theory that is
reasonable. Say at once that the expenses
of living in Washington are so great that the
Government cannot afford to pay anybody and
it will allow the laws to be made by those who
can afford to come here and make them for
nothing, and an aristocracy of wealth will be
created. They have made pretty good laws
for England. Let that experiment be fairly
tried here, if you will, if that is the theory ;
but if on the contrary you say we will have
these places open to all, so that the people can
select from the intellect of the country men
who are honest, and that the Government can
afford to pay them such a compensation that
they can live in a reasonably economical style,
not in wealth and luxury, for it is ridiculous to
say that $7,500 will support a man in wealth
and luxury in Washington, then allow a fair
salary.
The Senator from Michigan declined to state
what he expended here. He would not state it
because he thought it would hurt his argument;
but everybody knows that he must spend from
twenty-five to thirty thousand dollars a year at
least. We do not expect men to come here to
rival the Senator from Michigan in grandeur,
elegance, and otyle of living; but we do expect
that if the intellect of the country is to be select-
ed from the men who come here they shall have
the means of getting an humble place to stay in,
not to give entertainments, because it cannot
be done with $7,500, but that they shall have
a place to stay where they can recieve their
friends and constituents when they come to see
them, and live comfortably. 1 tell you, if it
can be done on $7,o00 the man who does it
wiil show himself a pretty good financier. If
he can live within that income and live so that
any one of his constituents will say it is a
decent way, without any nonsense about it, he
will be a good financier. If the people of the
United States are not able to pay such a com-
pensation as will support respectably men of
the middling classes who come here to repre-
sent them, then abolish your salaries altogether
and let none but wealthy men occupy these
seats.
As for myself, I am not particularly inter-
ested in this measure, because it only makes a
few dollars difference to me. It cuts off mile-
age, and therefore makes very little difference
to me. But I speak of the theory of the thing.
I think there is nothing more absurd than to
place the salary, because you are afraid of the
people, at a figure which every intelligent man
must know will not support an honest mau in
Washington.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
five minutes have expired.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, may 1
appeal to Senators, remolding them that but
twelve hours remain of this Congress. I am
sure that the debate on this question has been
entirely exhausted, and I hope that we may
now take the vote without further discussion.
[" Question 1"]
Mr.' HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Pres-
