1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
temporary separation, yet the South mast and
would come back to the Union, and I knew
that if it did never coine back, in the great
North and greater Northwest there was ample
security ("or the $100,000 which, in that dark-
est hour of the war, we invested in United
Sfates stocks.
I make this preface in order to remark that
when an an honorable member from Pennsylva-
nia, from the Lancaster district, now dead and
gone, proposed something very like repudi-
ation, who certainly proposed to pay in paper
what the country had promised to pay in gold—
many members on the other side of the House
will recollect it—I denounced it as repudi-
ation. And when an honorable member from
Ohio, not now in this Congress, proposed a
like or similar repudiation, I attacked it and
associated a large majority of the Democratic
members of this House together and iuvoked
them to act with me, and they did act with me,
and resolved that we would never let the stamp
of repudiation rest on the Democratic party.
My honorable friend from the Brooklyn dis-
trict of New York, [General Slocum,] whom
I see before me, and who voted with me, re-
members our consultation, and he urged on
the instant that we must repudiate all repudi-
ation.
What was I to do? Because I held United
State? bonds was I to sit silent here and see
the debt of my country repudiated, its promise
and faith broken ? No; I did right to exercise
whatever influence I had with my Democratic
associates to put the stamp of disapprobation
upon that proposition, whether it came from
that side of the House or from this, and I
thank God that a large majority, a very large
majority of the Democratic members of this
body voted with me.
I have laid down this general chart of my
action to say that while claiming the right to
owu Credit Mobilier or any other stock, that I
have never owned directly or indirectly a sin-
gle dollar or share of the Credit Mobilier, and
tho records of the company will show that fact,
despite the testimony of this perjurer before a
committee of this House, and will prove
that his story is made out of whole cloth, and
is as a figment, a fiction of his own villainous
imagination.
The reason why I did not own it, associated
as I was with those gentlemen connected with
it, was, because, as Government director I
could not own any stock in the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, and I did not feel it right
or proper when the laws of the country forbid
me to own stock in the Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, to own indirectly, in another form, the
stock of the Credit Mobilier. I supposed there
was money in it, and I with others might have
bought any nnmber of shares in it and made
a most profitable investment. But from an
over sense of delicacy respecting the law, and
not because I was a member of Congress, 1
refrained from owning a sixpence in the stock
of the Credit Mobilier.
But this man will not rest content with this
statement, and will wriggle in more insinua-
tions, if not charges, respecting me, if I leave
the issue here. I will leave him nothing to
make a stand on. I have a daughter who is
married. I am sorry to bring these family
affairs before this House, but I must do so.
She married to please herself. She did not.
marry a planter or a farmer or a merchant, but
she chose to marry a man doing business in
Piue street, closely connected with Wall street,
whose uncle was president of the board of
brokers there, and who himself, from the con-
nection probably, was often more or less en-
gaged in stock operations. I have asked of
him to let me have the loan of his shares of
the Credit Mobilier, and that he has done.
He had purchased fifty shares, the very fifty
shares out of which all this attack on me
has grown. Here is his certificate of Credit
Mobilier made out to Charles H. Nielson, i
and dated February, 1868. [Mr. Bhooks here
exhibited to the House the certificate of fifty
shares of the Credit Mobilier.] And here
is the receipt of the President of the Credit
Mobilier, Sidney Dillon, for the money he
paid him on that day, $5,233 33, or $233 33
beyond the par value of the Credit Mobilier
stock of that day. And now, out of this
transaction of a person with whom I had
this relationship, is made this whole story of
fitly shares of Credit Mobilier stock given
away to a member of Congress to buy up
the whole Democratic side of this House.
Why, sir, in the old slavery times an intelli-
gent, good-looking slave was worth more than
that. And what estimate can this man, who
purchased a Louisiana Legislature, who was
engaged in robbing soldiers during the war,
place upon a member of Congress when he
proposes not only to buy him with $5,000, but
with the same $5,000 to buy up all the Demo-
cratic members of the House associated with
him.
Mr. Speaker, I think I have sufficiently dis-
cussed this transaction. I think I have suf-
ficiently vindicated myself from any allegation
of being bribed. I am ready to be examined
inside and out—riddled from top to bottom ;
and in a friendly way, not by a lawless exercise
of power, I am willing that by lettresde cachet
or by inquisition my private papers here and
in New York may be seized and examined. I
am willing that every transaction of my life
shall be scrutinized.
I have felt it my duty in all the transactions
of my public life, not only to walk straight,
but to walk more than straight—to bend back-
ward. But I have never felt it my duty to
impoverish myself, to earn nothing, to trade in
tiothing, and have nothing because I am a
member of Congress. What I have earned
has been earned by hard and honest labor—
severe and unremitting industry, often work-
ing as a journalist in New York from the break
of day till midnight. My accumulations have
all been fair, honest, and reputable, and such
as will bear a thorough examination before
the world. My newspaper has been profit-
able; it has yielded me at times large sums of
money; and in investing them wisely and
judiciously I have done no. more than I had a
right to do. In the presence of God aud in
this House, and before the whole country, I
swear that on no occasion, at no time what-
soever, for no man, have I ever used my influ-
ence or power in this body or elsewhere to
accumulate one cent of money or to add one
farthing to my fortune.
Mr. Speaker, lest I may be censured for my
connection with the Pacific railroad as a
director, and for many transactions in connec-
tion therewith, which would all bear investi-
gation if investigated at the time they took
place, I have only to ask this House to recall
the period when there were no railroads in
Iowa, when that State but a few years ago was
a wilderness or a prairie, and when in order
to build the Union Pacific railroad, it became
necessary either to bring everything through
the mud and prairies of Iowa or by the waters
of the Missouri; so that the iron used upon
that road which was conveyed to the Platte
river or beyond was often transported in
wagons ; and . the timber (as little or none
existed upon the prairies) was brought from
the upper or lower waters of the Missouri and
burnettized to be prepared for that road.
I make this remark without expanding upou
it; simply saying that of all the great achieve-
ments, not only of this age, but of all ages, the
most wonderful achievement thathuman beings
ever engaged in was the construction of that
railroad from the Missouri to the Pacific ocean.
I have seen all or nearly all the wonders of
the world; I have been on the pyramids of
Egypt; I have been on the promontory where
was the Colossus of Rhodes ; I have wandered
up and down the great wall of China ; and I
declare in your presence that in my judgment
no achievement of human industry or human
enterprise or human capital is to be compared
with the construction of the Pacific railroad,
in view of the circumstances under which it
was completed. There were necessarily great
and often wasteful expenditures of money aud
reckless audacity apparently in the making of
contracts.
On the Wasatch mountains sixty dollars a
bushel was at one time paid during the winter
for corn; and for oats the price was correspond-
ingly high. This road was built eight years
earlier than the directors were required to
finish it under their contract. I might dwell
upon this subject—and I shall perhaps at some
time hereafter take occasion to do so—but to-
day I only want to do my duty to myself; and
that duty I have discharged to the best of my
ability. For myself, as my career is about
endiug, as I am about to be gathered to my
fathers—for in the natural course of events I
cannot much longer dwell on this earth—all I
have to transmit to my children and to their
children is my good name; and this I value
above all price.
For the vindication of this, and for no other
purpose, I have addressed the House this day
and challenged investigation. To the com-
' mittee engaged in investigating this subject I
say, search my life from beginning to end,
riddle me through, and if you find aught in me
corrupt or rotten or suspicious, drive me from
this Capitol; let my long career be disgraced,
and bring reputation neither to myself nor my
. children.
\ Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, it is but a
• word or two I desire to say. Having had the
honor to be appointed chairman of this com-
mittee to take charge of this investigation
ordered by the House, I think it proper I
should say a word after what has been said
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks.] The committee unanimously decid-
ed at a preliminary meeting, before beginning
the examination, that we would not allow
newspaper reporters or any persons outside
of those immediately connected with the in-
vestigation to be present. The members of
the committee themselves, and all persons
who were allowed to be present, were re-
quired to give an assurance that the proceed-
ings before the committee should be secret,
not that we expected whatever the committee
might ascertain, whether great or small, would
not be given to the public in the most public
way, but inasmuch as the inquiry before the
House inquired to a very great extent as to
private character and private reputation, we
deemed it better when the world saw what we
ascertained, whether large or little, the world
should see it altogether, and not by piece-
meal.
I have seen in various papers things which
purported to have been said and done in the
committee. I had not seen what the gentle-
man from New York complains of in refer-
ence to himself. Nearly all I have seen in
various papers in reference to our proceedings
has been untrue. What has been said, or
whether anything has been said by Mr. Mc-
Comb or anybody else, bearing on the gentle-
man<from New York, I shall not say. I desire
merely to say this: that if Mr. McComb or
anybody else before the committee shall give
any testimony or make any charge to implicate
the gentleman from New York, or any other
member of this House, the committee will not
only afford him opportunity, but require him
to make the fullest explanation before the
committee. So far as our duty is concerned,
it is to ascertain the whole truth in reference
to this matter, and that we honestly intend
to do.
Mr. WOOD. Before the gentleman from
Vermont takes his seat I wish to ask him
whether it would not be desirable to hold the
investigation with open doors; whether the
