1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2183
ident, it is but seldom that I trouble the Senate
on any question; but I think this is a matter
of such gravity and importance that 1 may
well be justified in saying a few words, even at
this late hour of the night. We are now obliged
to consider the important question before- us
with debate limited to five minutes. Had we
but an opportunity to discuss the subject with
any reasonable degree of time in order that it
might be thoroughly considered I am well sat-
isfied that thi3 wholesale increase of salaries
never could pass.
The proposition of the honorable Senator
from Iowa is to recommitt the report of the
committee of conference, in order that that
committee may strike out all that part of it in-
creasing salaries except that of the President,
which by the report it is proposed to increase
to $50,000. It proposes to increase that of
members to $7,500, also heads of Departments
to $10,000, and besides a large number of other
officers are proportionally increased.
I favor the recommitment of this report not
only for the reason assigned by the honorable
Senator from Iowa, but also for the reason
that it should include also the salary of the
President. I go for the recommitment in
order that the whole clause which increases
the salary of any one may be stricken out of
it. It is thrust upon us at this late hour of
the session, at a time, too, when we cannot
consider it properly; at a time, too, when we
have not the enjoyment of those rights of de-
bate to which we should be entitled always,
and which our rules were intended to secure
to every member upon important measures;
and I assert here now that this measure, in-
creasing not only the President's but our own
salaries, besides that of many other officers,
properly considered by us could never pass
this body. It is thrust upon us at a time when
it Cannot be discussed, when debate is limited
to five minutes, and when its wrongs cannot
be exposed. But to the question in the few
moments 1 have lor my remarks.
It is said by some of those who favor the
increase, that $25,000 at the time the salary
of the President was fixed is equivalent to
$100,000 now. It is said that the cost of living
is greater now than during the administration
of Washington. Why, sir, neither_is_ really
true. I assert, and history and statistics will
vindicate the truth of my assertion, that at
that time two thirds of the articles consumed
by the people were higher in price than they
are now. Then all your fabrics were higher,
cloths, woolens, cottons, and all things of
that sort were higher than they are now. Tea,
coffee, sugar, molasses, salt, &c., were higher
then than they are now. Therefore I "say the
assertion on which this proposition is based
is not true in point of faet. V  bile rents
generally were much lower then than now,
rents were higher then than they are now in
this city ; in fact, there were no houses to rent
here. There were none of the conveniences,
much less the luxuries of life here at that time.
There was no place then for families and for
the social enjoyments that now attend the resi-
dence of' members and families here at this
time.
At that time and since the great staples,
corn, wheat, and pork, varied in price; at
times higher and at other times lower than
now. Notwithstanding the variations m price,
you never changed the salaries until late
years. I say then, in fact and in truth, things
are not higher to-day than they were when
these salaries were fixed. The whole matter
may be summed up in a few words. It is not
the price but our manner of living that has
changed. Our frugal and economical ances-
tors bought less, made it go further than we
do. In illustration, where they bought one
hat we buy half a dozen. Instead of one
dress as then, as many as twenty may now be
required. There is the great evil ot the day.
It is fashion. Fashion is both versatile and
selfish beyond all account. Vain frivolity and
good taste unfortunately vie with each other
in being the votaries of fashion, and we all
know that fashion is made by deliberate meth-
ods with a matured knowledge of human
nature, and with fixed plans to make the
most -of it. It is extravagance. The sim-
plicity and frugality of the past is swallowed
up in the ostentation and extravagance of the
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
sorry to inform the Senator that his five min-
utes have just expired.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now let us have the
vote.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Of course
I am not going to discuss the questiou further
when my lime has expired. We see now how
impossible it is that this question can be con-
sidered properly at this time.
Mr. ANTHONY. Everything has been said
on both sides. Let us vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island asks unanimous consent
that the vote be taken without further debate.
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not intend to debate
the question. I only intend to say one thing.
Having made this motion, I am sure I did not
invite debate, for I submitted it without a
word. I would debate this question and pre-
sent my views if the circumstances were differ-
ent. I propose to abstain from it entirely. I
simply appeal to the Senate to rise above the
money argument, to rise above the_ dollar
argument, and do what is right in this ques-
tion,
Mr. TIPTON. When the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa makes an appeal to the Sen-
ate to rise above the money that is in the
salaries talked of here, then, sir, I have two
words to say. And the first word I say is to
the honorable Senator from Vermont nearest
me, [Mr. MoiaiiLL.] Since this debate com-
menced in this Chamber he has given us to I
understand that he cannot live in Washington
on his salary as a member of the Senate. He
to-night protests against any change in the sal-
ary. I follow him to the consequences of his
logic. I take it for granted that if his State is
sensible' he will remain here at least for the
next twenty if not for the next thirty years.
He expects no man to come here excepting a
roan who is able to live outside of his salary,
and therefore in that long term while he casts
the halo of his intellect around the brow of
his native State he expects a man to stand by
him here who has at home a position of wealth,
and no man that is a poor mechanic, a poor
business man, a poor young lawyer, all intel-
lect, all eloquence, all patriotism, all devotion
to the interests of his country, is to stand here
and give the prime of his life to his country
until he can stand at home side by side with
the moneyed aristocracy of his native State.
I protest in behalf of brains, I protest in
behalf of devotion to the country; I protest
in behalf of all men with small means m this
laud, against the aristocracy of money, often
and generally, thank God, destitute of brains.
I would say'more, were I not admonished by
the time; but when Senators ask me to rise
ab<5ve it, I can rise in this Chamber and vote
what I please. My constituents understand
that perfectly. I am not to be terrified by the
threat that we are to make ourselves unpop-
ular and go into obscurity. Why? Because
in my State we have but a small population,
and I think they are all candidates for my posi-
tion, [laughter,] and if I pioneered the way in
voting an increase of salary, so that they can
come here, because they are generally men of
small means hko myself, they will consider
me a benefactor in thus pioneering the way
for them. [Laughter.] .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on recommitting this report to the committee
of conference, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I voted not to sustain
the 
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me
to present a paper ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I object.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I voted
not to sustain the decisions of the Chair made
a while ago that the Senate should or could
deliver instructions which would bind its man-
agers in a free conference to particular views
upon subjects committed to the conference. I
did so because it seemed to me that suck a
doctrine was destructive of all practical use-
fulness in a conference so long as we adhered
to our idea of the equal right and equal dignity
of the respective Houses. It is impossible
for any one to understand how the Senate
could instruct its conferees, its managers in
such a conference, to adhere to particular views
without assuming a position of superiority to
the House of Representatives in the proceed-
ing. For that reason, and other reasons which
I shall not detain the Senate by rehearsing
now, I gave the vote which I did give against
the ruling of the Chair.
I agree that our system of legislation in con-
ferences lias become the means of many evils
in legislation. In a great many instances since
I came here I regretted to see that it had be-
come a mere device for accomplishing legis-
lation which could not otherwise have been
accomplished. In other words, the conference
departed from the idea of its original form-
ation ; instead of confining itself to subjects
upon which the two Houses had disagreed,
and of which alone, in my judgment, it could
have had any jurisdiction, it frequently suc-
ceeded in putting upon each House measures
which neither House would have entertained.
But the ruling of the Chair was not the
means to reform that abuse, if I am right in
supposing such an abuse to have existed.
There is a remedy which either House has in
its hands for that abuse by rejecting once,
twice, three times, as often as may be neces-
sary any report which contains in itself the
evils of which I have spoken. In so voting
against the decision of the Chair I did not
vote with reference to the merits. It may be
true, as has been said, that points of order are
constantly decided here, not with reference to
themselves so much as with reference tothe
views of those who vote upon the question,
with reference to the main issue. I expect to
vote against this conference report for reasons,
some of which I intimated the other day, for
reasons which refer themselves, some to one
ground and some to another. I shall not go
over them again at this late hour, now within
twelve hours of the termination of this session.
I am for bringing the Senate, so far as my vote
can, to a direct vote upon the report. I shall
vote against the motion to recommit as being
merely a dilatory motion, for I am unable to
see what good is to be accomplished by it. I
shall vote against any other motion the effect
of which is dilatory. I wish to have the Sen-
ate read a direct vote on the main question as
soon as possible. We cannot afford to waste
more time in discussing questions more or less
pertinent to this important bill which is now
before us. It is the one bill which must pass
before we adjourn.
Mr. HILL. .1 merely wish to remark—per-
haps it is the last word I shall ever say in the
Senate—as I had some province in origin-
ating, I may say, the idea of increasing these
salaries, beginning with the President and
running through the most of this list, that 1
have been an attentive, though silent, observer
during this whole night. I have not saia a
word in regard to it. I have done one thing,
however, that I will state for the benefit of
doubting gentlemen as to the sentiment ot the
country in relation to the raising of salaries.
I have taken the pains to talk to the newly
elected Senators and Representatives as to
their views, and I am very happy to say, com-
ing directly from their States and their people,
they are unanimously in favor of the increased
salary. I have yet to find the first one to com-
