260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
public interest does not reqnir* and the pub-
lic lve«, as this examination proceeds,
kIiouM not haw* mi opportunity to know really
what tbe testimony isY The pentl«m n him-
self has already said much which has been
published purporting to be testimony before
that committee did not take place. Therefor®
would it not be proper to prevent all misstate-
ments by allowing the proceedings to be open
to the public? This investigation necessarily
dies at the end of this session of Congress,
and would it not be well tor the people of the
country to be informed day by day to a cer-
tainty what the testimony is before that com-
mittee? Therefore 1 submit to the chairman
of that committee whether it wonld not be
well, in view of what has already occurred in
this House, to hold that investigation hereafter
with open doors.
Mr. POLAND. Whether the committee
judged wisely or not, we decided unanimously
in advance it would not be advisable for us to
have an open session, and have a crowd of
people and a crowd of newspaper reporters
preening in upe*  us. I -have had occasion to
be a member on committees of investigation
where we were amply supplied with newspaper
reporters, but they differed so ninch as to
what was said and done that the reports we
got were as contradictory as when no news-
papfr reporters were present *t all, and they
merely gaessed at what was said and done.
It was quite as much for our own convenience
we so decided onr sessions should be held
secretly as upon any other ground. I am not
aware the public have any such pressing neces-
sity on the subject that they are not willing to
wait nntil we get through, and then see all the
evidence we have. It will doubtless then be
made public, and everybody in the country
will be able to see it altogether.
Mr. MERRICR. As the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wo d] has submitted to the
chairman of the committee an inquiry whether
it is not more expedient for the proceedings
of the committee to be conducted with open
doors, I would suggest to him as the initiator
of that idea in this House, whether he had not
better take the sense of the House on it. The
committee, as the chairman has already an-
nounced, has adopted a resolution as to what
was proper for them to do. That resolution
has been declared by thechairman to be carried.
If the proceeding adopted by the committee
be considered an inappropriate one, if the de-
mand of the country is that the investigation
shall be conducted publicly, then I submit it
is for this House to instruct the committee as
to the mode in which they shall discharge the
duty which the House has imposed upon them.
I therefore ask the Speaker of the House to
invoke the sense of the House on the way in
which the investigation shall be conducted.
Mr. YOUNG rose.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia calls for the regular order. The House
has ordered that at two o'clock, to the exclu-
sion of all other orders, the resolution upon
the two per cent, fund of the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois shall be considered.
The operation of that order was suspended to
allow the gentleman from New York to con-
clude his remarks. For what purpose did the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. YatfNO] rise?
Mr. YOUNG. I have a resolution in ref-
erence to this subject, which I should like now
to submit to the judgment of the House; and
I ask that it be read.
The preamble and resolution were read, as
follows:
Whereas It Is alleged that the president and
directors of the Union Pacific Railroad Company,
chartered by the Congress of the United States, or
some of the paid board of directors, have perpetrated
gigantic frauds upon the Government. and people of
the United States, through an organization called
the "Credit Mobilier oi America;" and whereas
the committee appointed under a resolution of this
House of the 2d day of December, 1872, is ef opinion
that its powers of investigation are limited to the
charge of bribery made against members of this
House in connection With the said Union Pacific
railroad and said " Credit Mobilier of Amerioa:"
Therefore,
1. lie it resolved. That the said committee is
hereby authorized and directed to investigate fully
and report in full to this House the history of the
said so-called "Credit Mobilier of America," and
whether any fraud has been practiced through it on
the Government or people of the United States, or
an anyoitnen of the United States.
Aiui be it further resotved. That during said
Investigation the sessions of saidcommittoe shall bo
open to any citizen or citizens of the United States;
?>ud that said committee shall have power to send
or persons aud papers.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
resolution which has been read.
Mr. SARGENT. The resolution would at
least lead to debate, and 1 think it is not in
proper form. Thereshould be some statement
of the frauds, some statement of what is ex-
pected to be proved, and whose character the
investigation affects. There should not be so
much license of statement. I must therefore
call for the regular order.
Mr. YOUNG. The statements of the ftands
will be made at the proper time. This reso-
lution has no reference at all to any member
of the House. But I have constituents who
are deeply interested in this matter. The
matter is one which ought to be investigated
and the results brought before the public.
And if this committee has not been raised for
the purpose of investigating the Credit Mobilier
and its organization, then I shall mOve to ap-
point a new committee. If there be any objec-
tion on the part of the committee to investigate
this thing from the beginning, the House I
submit should appoint a new committee which
shall sit with open doors, and allow the per-
sons who are clamoring for investigation to
come before them.
Mr. SYPHER. I would suggest that the
resolution be referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad. That committee has
already investigated one such charge.
Mr. NIBLACK. I have of course no ob-
jection to the proposed investigation. On the
contrary, I think it altogether probable that
something of the sort is desirable, in view of
what we are constantly reading in the papers
in regard to this corporation and the matters
connected with it. But I would suggest that
to require the present committee to do this
work is putting upon them an unreasonable
labor. As the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] has intimated, we are not at liberty to
make any disclosure as to what has occurred
or what is likely to occur; but I think enough
has been developed to indicate that a great
deal of time is going to be consumed in the
investigation already imposed upon us; and
if this additional labor is imposed I have very
great doubt whether, when the 4th of March
comes, we shall have concluded our labors. I
think that for such an investigatidn a new
committee had better be raised.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Young] that he
should allow the resolution to be referred by
unanimous consent to the committee already
'raised. That committee will be able to in-
form the House whether it will be possible to
complete their present investigation or under-
take a new one.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia objecting to the consideration of the
resolution, it is not before the House.
Mr. SARGENT; I do not object to its ref-
erence.
Mr. DAWES. I olqect to its reference. So
far as tbis committee is for a special purpose,
I trust the House will not.turn it away from
that purpose by instructing it to investigate
matters not connected with the integrity of
membersof this House. Itrust, therefore, that
if there is any propriety in the call for the
investigation suggested by the gentleman from
Georgia, it wifl be put in charge of some other
committee, and that the committee raided for a
speeml purpose shall in no way be embarrassed
or overburdened by any such examination as
is indicated by the gentleman's resolution.
Mr. SARGENT. I object to further debate.
The SPEAKER. Then the regular order
is pending.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from California to allow a special eora;
mittee to be raised for this purpose.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
California waive his demand fbr the regular
order ?
Mr. SARGENT. No, sir.
Mr. WOOD. I hope the gentleman will
permit me, in compliance with the request
of a member of the committee, to offer a reso-
lution to test the sense of the House on the
propriety of their holding their sessions with
open doors. I have prepared a resolution of
that purport, which I desire an opportunity to
su-bmit to the House. I ask that it be read.
Mr. SARGENT. I will hear it read.
The Ctei*k ^ead the resolution, as follows:
Reiolved, That in the opinion of this House fKe
special committee appointed to investigate certain
charges against members of Congress in oonnectioa
with the Credit Mobilier stogk should git with open
doors, atad that their proceedings should be given to
the public.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection'to this
resolution?
Mr. PERCE.' In connection with what has
been said by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, I must enter an objection
to the receival of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution is
not before the House.
approval of, bills.
A message from the President of the United
States was communicated to the House, by
Mr. Babcock, his Private Secretary, informing
the House that the President had approved
and signed, bills of the following titles-:
An act (H. R. No. SOI) to authorize the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
settle with P. M. Cordeiro ;
An act (H. R. No. 2883) to fix the salary
of the members of the Board of Health of the
District of Columbia; and
An act (H. R. No. 3125) to remove the dis-
abilities of Lucius'Q. C. Lamar, of Mississippi.
PftlNJING OF A DOCUMENT.
On motion of Mr. FARNS WORTH, by
unanimous consent, jt was ordered that a let
ter from the Postmaster General to the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, concerning blouse bill No. 8006,
be printed.
Mr. SYPHER. I desire to offer a resolution
which I think will give rise to no objection.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana.. I insist upon
the regular order.
'two pbr obnt. *pnt>.
The House proceeded as the regular order
of business to the consideration of the reports
(No. 21 and H. R.' No. 80) upon the two
per cent, fund of the States of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois, which have been made a special
order for this day.
The joint resolution was read. It declares
that the true intent and meaning of the secoqd
section of the act approved March 3, 1857,
entitled "An act to settle Certain accounts
between the United States and the State of
Mississippi, ahd other States," is, that all the
other States, to wit, Ohio, Indiana, and Illi-
nois, which have not received tlie full amount
of their five per cent, of £he net proceeds of
the sale of public lands lying , within their
respective limits, as mentioned in their sev-
eral enabling acts, in money, shall have (heir
accounts stated, both on the public lands and
reservations, and such cash balance as has not
been paid to said States shall be allo wed and
paid.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana: Befdre proceed-
