1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
ing with any remarks, I desire to make an
inquiry of the Chair. I see the three quarters
of an hour have elapsed siuce the time origin-
ally fixed for the takiug up of this matter,
ana by specific order of the House at four
o'clock the previous question was to be ordered.
T wish now to inquire whether that time will
be adhered to?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have to
pdtere to it unless some variation is made in
that order by consent of the House. ^ The gen-
tleman who has charge of the bill yielded half
an hour of his time, audit is quite proper that
the'House should return it to him.
Mr. KfcllR. Was uot that understood at
the time?
The SPEAKER. The Chair might so con-
strut it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I sought to have it so
understood at the time. !
The SPEAKER. Very well; the Chair
will construe it bo that at half past four o'clock
the previous question will be considered as
ordered.. The Chair will now inquire of the
gentleman how he proposes to divide the time,
so that there may be no misunderstanding? j
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. After making j
a few remarks myself, I propose to yield one >
hour to the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Sargent,] and at the close of his remarks I
will occupy the remainder of my hour.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman will
proceed.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. Mr. Speaker,
it will be observed by the House that the onlj
purpose of the bill now under consideration is
to declare the true intent and meaning of a
statnte. Having once discussed at some
length the question of the right of these States,
Ohic^. Indiana, and Illinois, to this two per cent,
fund, I do not propose to enter now into an
extended Argument on the subject, but will
only briefly Oall the attention of the House to
the acts of Congress in which the claims of
these States had their origin, and to the sec-
'ion of the statute which it is the purpose of
the bill reported by the committee to construe.
In 1802 the act was passed to enable Ohio
to become a State. 1 send it to the Clerk's
desk, and ask that the marked portions may
be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
"3. That the following propositions be, and the
same are, offered to the convention of the eastern
State of t*id Territory, when formed, for their free
acceptance or rejection, which, if aocepted by the
convention, shall be obligatory upon the Uniteq
States." ********
'• Third, That one twentieth part of the net pro-
ceeds of the laadjt lying within the said State sold by
Congress from and after the 30th day of June next,
after deducting all expenses incident to the same,
tllall be applied to the laying out andmaking public
roatl  leudiag from the navigable waters emptying
into the Atlantic, to the Ohio, to the said State, and
through the same, such roads to be laid out under
the authority of Coagresn, with the eonsent of the
several States through which the road shall pass:
Provided alway*, That the three foregoing propo-
sitions herein offered are on the condition that the
convention th« said State shall provide, by an
ordinance, irrevocable without the consent of the
United States, ihatevejyand each tract of land sold
by Congress, from aiid after the 30th day of June next,
shall be &Ad remain exempt from any tar laid by
order Qf uidw authority of the State.whether by
State, county, or iownshjD, or any other purpose
whatever, for the term of five years from and after
thetfay of sale."
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. The State of
Indiana was admitted into the Union as a State
under an enabling act passed in the year 1816,
an extract from which I will ask the Clerk to
read.
The Clefrk read as fbTlows:
"3. tfhat the following propositions be, and the
same are hereby; offered to the convention of the
said Teraitorx of Indian*, when formed, for their
free aeeeptMse or reaction, which, if accepted by
the convention, shall be obligatory upon the United
States."   * *
" Third. That five per cent, of the net proceeds
of the lands lying within the said Territory, and
which shall be sold by Congress from and after the
1st day of December next, after deducting all ex-
penses incident to the same, sli*H be reserved for
making public roads and canals, of which three
fifths shall be applied to those objects within the
said State under the direotion of the Legislature
thereof and two fifths to the making of a road lead-
ing to the said State under the direction of Congress."
* « * *«!**
''Auii provided ahca&s, That the five foregoing
provisions, herein offered, are on the conditions that
the convention of the said State shall provide by an
ordinance, irrevocable without the consent of the
United States, that every and each tract of landsold
by the United States, from and after the 1st day of
December next, shall be and remain exempt troui
any tax, laid by order or under any authority of the
State, whether by State, county, ortown^hip, or any
other parpose whatever, for the term of five years
from and after the day ot sale."
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I have before
roe the act passed in the year 1818 for the
formation of a State government by the State
of Illinois, which contains a similar provision.
In 1817 Mississippi was admitted upon an
act containing the same provision in sub-
stance, and so likewise was Alabama in 1819
and Missouri ,ia 1820.
I wish to call the attention of the House
specially to the proposit ion made by the United
States so far as it affects the question now
under consideration, the proposition which,
if accepted by these States, was to be by the
| very terras of the act " obligatory upon the
I United States." It was a proposition that
' five per cent, of the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands shall be reserved for the pur-
pose of making roads, and that in considera-
tion therefor the States should not tax the
lands sold by the United States within these
States respectively for five years, for either
State, county, township, or any other purpose
whatsoever.
These propositions made to these States
respectively was accepted by the States, and
there never has been any pretense that they
have not kept and faithfully performed their
part of the. compact thoa formed.
The part to be performed by the United
States was the construction of a road or roads
"to and through" Ohio "to" Indiana, "to"
Illinois, add " to'' Missouri. That such was
tbe obligation resting upon the United States
is not only apparent from the acts above
quoted, but sueh is the construction that has
been placed upon these acts by committees
that long since had these matters under con-
sideration. The United States undertook to
perform her part of this compact by the con-
struction of the Cumberland road. After that
work had been in process of construction for
years, the question arose whether ita further
prosecution should be continued, and the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals in the Senate, in
I 1840, in an elaborate report, contended that
i the compact with these States could not be
I kept otherwise than by the completion of this
j road. In 1846, the Committee on Roads and
I Canals in this House made a report to the
i same effect; but with attention thus forcibly
directed to this fact, having a report of the
engineer that the completion of the work
would cost about $7,000,000, its further pros-
ecution was abandoned.
It is a notorious fact that the road never was
completed, and the estimate of tbe engineer
showed that it was very far from being so.
There was, then, a failure by the General Gov-
ernment to perform this compact. In 1855an
act had been passed for the purpose of settling
with the State of Alabama on account of this
five per cent. fijOd reserved in the enabling act
for that State. I will ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Bouse of Represent-
atives of the United States of America tn Congress
assembled. That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office be, and he is hereby, required to state
an account between the United Stated and the btate
of Alabama, for the purpose of ascertaining what sum
or sums of money are due to said State, heretofore
unsettled, under the sixth section of the act of
March 2, 1819, for the admission of Alabama mto
the Union; and that he be required to include in
said account the several reservations under the
various treaties With the Chickasaw, Choctaw, and
Creek Indians within the limits of Alabama, and
allow and pay to the said State five per cent, thereon,
as in the case of other States.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. It will be ob-
served that this act was especially intended
to provide for the settlement of this five per
cent, of proceeds of the sales of public lands
for which* there was a stipulation in the
enabling act.
In 1857 the following act was passed, which
it is the purpose of the bill now before the
House to construe, which the Clerk will please
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
An act to settle certain accounts between the Uni-
ted States and the State of Mississippi and other
States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office bo, and he is hereby, required to state
an account between the United States and the State
of Mississippi, for the purpose of ascertaining what
sum or sums of money are duo to said State hereto-
fore unsettled, on account of the public lands in
said State, and upon the same principles of allow-
ance and settlements prescribed in the act to
settle certain accounts between the United States
and the State of Alabama, approved the 2d of
March, 1855; and that-he be required to include
in said account the said reservations under tbe
various treaties with the Chickasaw and Choctaw
Indians within the limits of Mississippi, and allow
and pay to the -said State five per cent, thereon, as
in case of other sales, estimating the lands at the
value of $1 25 per acre. .j
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the said
Commissioner shall also state an accouBt between
the United States and each of the other States upon
the same principles, and shall allow and pay to each
State such amount as shall thus be found due, esti-
matiag all lands and permanent reservations at$l a
an acre.
Approved, March 3,1857.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. Now the ques-
tion is, what is the meaning of tbe second
section of the act last readT Every other
i State having a five per cent, fund had been
settled with, or provision had been made
for settlement, except Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
and Missouri, Louisiana, Arkansas, Mich-
igan, Mississippi, Kansas, Iowa, Minnesota,
Florida, Alabama, Oregon, Nebraska, and
Nevada, had each received the benefit of this
fund or provision had been made therefor.
There were, therefore, no States to which
the second section could apply except Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri; and when,
therefore, it was provided that each of the
other States should be settled with upon the
same principles, these States mast have been
contemplated.
And, Mr. Speaker, there was a reason why
this second section should have been passed,
as I have before indicated. The United States
had signally failed to comply with her obliga-
tions, as I have before shown; a work was
undertaken that was never even substantially
completed. The committee, therefore, have
recommended the passage of this bill declar-
ing that the second section of the act of 1867
provides for a settlement with these States in
the same way that settlement was made with
Mississippi.
The limited time allowed by the House for
the discussion of this bill will not warrant me
in going further into detail, and, reserving the
remainder of my time to be occupied after the
hour assigned to those opposing this measure,
I now yield the floor to the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Sargent.]
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend this
joint resolution by adding to it that which I
send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That expenditures made by the Gov-
ernment of the United States on the national road 
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I object to
that. I did not understand that the gentle-
man wanted the floor to move an amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I thank the gentleman ;
I hold the floor in my own right, and can offer
an amendment. The gentleman did not cut me
off by a motion to recommit, as he might have
done.   , _ _ .
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I yielded to the
gentleman to discuss this question ; that is all.
Mr. SARGENT. It was understood that 1
was to have the floor for an hour in my own
