2186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
in relation to the old bridge at Rock Island,
to report it back without amendment. This is
a resolution of but six lines, and I ask that it
be considered at this time. It is an import-
ant matter so far as Iowa and Illinois are con-
cerned, but of no importance to any one else.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. For the purpose
of protecting the landing at Davenport, Iowa,
the joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of War, in his discretion, to permit the north
pier of what is termed in the joiftt resolution
of July 20, 1868, the "old bridge" over the
Mississippi river at Rock Island, to remain in
its present position in case it does not obstruct
navigation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the best thing
we can do with the press of conferences is,
after this bill is disposed of, to take a recess
until to-morrow morning at ten o'clock, and I
rise now for the purpose of stating that after
this bill is disposed of I shall make that mo-
tion.
Mr. ANTHONY. And one other which I
have been trying for a long time to have con-
sidered. I have given way to the Calendar,
and everybody has had his bill passed except
me. I want one bill considered, which will
not take a minute.
Mr. LOGAN. Let this joint resolution be
passed first.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the Senator from
Illinois ought to explain this matter.
Mr. LOGAN. I can do so in a moment.
There is a large pier there which in moving
the bridge will protect the shore, and the object
is to let that pier stand. Changing to the new
bridge leaves the pier exposed, but it is a pro-
tection to the bank, and the resolution provides
that if in the opinion of the Secretary of War
it does not obstruct navigation, it may remain
there for the purpose of protecting the landing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The effect of this measure
is to leave it there for that purpose alone.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and.passed.
JOINT ENTRIES iiY PtluisMPTION SISTTLRBS.
Mr. STEWART. 1 am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 22l)2) authorizing joint entry
by preemption settlers, and for other purposes,
to report it back without amendment, and I
ask lor its present, consideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to its being con-
sidered, and move that the Senate take a re-
cess.
Mr. STEWART. Let the bill be read for
information.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter.) Is there objection to the present
consideration of the bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is objection.
The PltESIDlN G OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont objects.
Mr. STEWART. Then I shall object to
everything.
JtTKSSAGE FKOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersok, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed without amendment
the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 784) confirming the title of
Louis Grignon to a certain tract of land at
Green Bay, Wisconsin ; >
A bill (S. No. 893) for the protection of
owners of saw-mills on the Mississippi river;
A bill (S. No. 1183) to enable the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs to purchase and pay
for certain improvements within the Nez
Perce Indian reservation in the Territory of
Idaho ;
A bill (S. No. 1267) extending the time for
the completion of the Portage Lake and Lake
Superior ship-canal;
A bill (S. No. 1274) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Interior to negotiate with the Creek
Indians for the cession of a portion of their
reservation occupied by friendly Indians;
A bill (S. No. 1291) granting a pension to
Martha E. Orich, Mary J. Orich, and John
J. Orich, minor children of John C. Orich,
deceased;
A bill (S. No. 1878) to require national
banks to restore their capital when impaired,
and to amend the national currency act;
A bill (S. No. 1380) granting a pension to
Eliza J. Humphrey, widow of James R.
Humphrey ; and
A bill (S. No. 1588) granting a pension to
Ann E. Boyle, widow of Commander Junius
J. Boyle.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I appeal to the Senate
to allow me to get up a bill. I move that tlie
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 3946) to authorize the Secretary
of the Navy to convey to the city of Chelsea,
Massachusetts, certain land for the use of a
street.
Mr. HOWE. I think there is one member
of the Senate left who ought to be in favor of
the Anthony rule, and I think it is the Senator
who moves this bill. I promise him I will
stand by him. I think the Senate owes it to
the country to give an hour now to the consid-
eration of bills on the Calendar which have
passed the House of Representatives, which
have received the consideration of committees
of this body, and which, if they can only be
read, will not be objected to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Wisconsin object to the consid-
eration of this bill?
Mr. HOWE. I shall call for a division of
the Senate, for I want to proceed with the Cal-
on d £tr
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Wis-
consin says the Senate owes it to the country
to do this. I thought that we had determined
that the country owed the Senate, and not the
Senate the country.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have three times asked
the Senate to consider this bill, and I have
each time given way to the Calendar, which I
prefer now, but every time when I give way to
the Calendar the Senator from Wisconsin,
the Senator from Nevada, and all the Sen-
ators who are now objecting bring up their
bills and the Calendar goes by. If the Cal-
endar can be taken up at this moment and
gone through with, whether the bill I desire
to consider is reached or not, I will say no
word ; but if this bill is not taken up I know
some other bill will bo. Therefore I ask a
vote on my motion. If the Senate choose to
vote me down, they may.
Mr. STEWART. I am opposed to the
Anthony rule. I am opposed to having it in
the power of one man to say that a bill shall
not be read for information.
Mr. ANTHONY. I never heard of such a
rule as that. It is one that the Senator has
invented himself.
Mr. STEWART. I asked to have a bill
read for information just now and could not
get it done. The only thing involved in the
bill is this, and I want to state it to the Sen-
ate: whore two or more persons have entered
on the same piece of land, one hundred and
sixty or forty acres, it allows them to make
joint entry.
Mr. THURMAN. I rise to a question of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio will state his point of order.
Mr. THURMAN. My point of order is
that the Senator from Nevada in addressing
the Chair should sit down, and all the rest of
the Senators stafid up. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter.) The Chair overrules the point of
order. The Senator from Nevada will pro-
ceed.
Mr. SCOTT. I understand the Calendar
was formally called for at the expiration of
the former business, and is now before the
Senate.
Mr. STEWART. I move to postpone the
Calendar.
Mr. SCOTT. I call for the regular order.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have a motion pend-
ing. I will withdraw my motion if the Calen-
dar can be taken up.
Mr. STEWART. I move to postpone the
Calendar.
Mr. ANTHONY. My motion comes first I
think. I have been recognized by the Chair
and 1 have made a motion, and the motion has
been stated. I will withdraw it for the Calen-
dar, but I will not withdraw it for anything
else. If the Senate choose to vote me down,
I have nothing to say; I submit.
Mr. STEWART. I move to postpone the
Calendar.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is not in order be-
cause the Calendar is not before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
appeals to Senators to resume their seats. The
Senator from Rhode Island has moved that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
indicated by him. Is there objection ?
Mr. STEWART. I object.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does one objection carry
it over?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is mistaken ; an objection does not carry it
over.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now I say, if the Senate
will take up the Calendar of unobjected cases
I will withdraw my motion. If it will not I
insist upon the motion, and I can be voted
down.
Mr. HOWE. I inquire if the Calendar is
not before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Calen-
dar is the regular order of business.
Mr. STEWART. Then T move to postpone
the Calendar.
Mr. ANTHONY. I made a motion before
the Senator, and I think my motion was in
order.
Mr. STEWART. Was your motion a mo-
tion to postpone ?
Mr. ANTHONY. My motion was a motion
to take up a bill, and I will withdraw it for the
Calendar, and for nothing else.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Rhode Island made the first motion,
which is in the nature of a motion to postpone
the Calendar, and proceed to the consideration
of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now I will withdraw
that motion in favor of the Calendar; but if
every other Senator is to have his bill consid-
ered, I want a chance for mine, if I can.
Mr. STEWART. That is a debatable mo-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will decide that it is debatable by one Senator
at, a time, but not by ten or fifteen. [Laugh-
ter.] The Senator from Nevada has the floor.
Mr. STEWART. Is the motion debatable?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is de-
batable within the rule not touching the merits
of anything. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. I am decidedly in favor
of postponing the Calendar, and I am in favor
of postponing it until we can have a rule
whereby there can be some equality and some
consideration of matters without having it in
the fiower of one Senator to say what shall be
considered and what shall not be. I do be-
lieve that there is more than one State in this
Union ; I do not believe that, we have got en-
tirely consolidated yet; and if Senators from
different committees cannot have a consider-
ation of their business under any circum-
stances because it is in the power of one Sen-
ator to object, then we are certainly in a fix
where we cannot do any business at all, and
there is no use of sitting here and wrangling
when it is in the power of any one to stop us
