262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 17,
right. For the gentleman's own convenience
I consented to take my hour in the midst of
the gentleman's hour. But I am entitled to
my hour absolutely, and do not hold the floor
by the courtesv of the gentleman at all.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Wheel-
er. ) The Chair understands that the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Sargent] holds the
floor in his own right by consent of the House,
and therefore it is in order for him to offer an
amendment.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows :
i*rvvide<i. That expenditures made by the Gov-
ernment of the United States on the national road
and other works of public improvement heretofore
required by law to be repaid out of the fund reserved
for laying out and making roads in the States of
Ohio. Indiana, and Illinois, by virtue of the several
acts for the admission of the aforesaid States into
the Union, shall be deducted from the amount to be
paid to said States under this act.
Mr. SARGENT. The amount involved in
the proposition now before this House, the
amount which we are asked to authorize to
be taken out of the Treasury of the United
States for the benefit of the three States of
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, is at least one and
a third million dollars. This large amount
should at any rate challenge the attention of
the House.
Now, if in addition to the magnitude of the
sum involved it can be shown that there is no
reason whatever in the past legislation of
Congress why this enormous amount of money
should be taken from the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States and paid into the coffers of these
three States, then members will not be able to
excuse themselves to their own constituents
or the country if they neglect to listen to the
discnssion upon a bill of this importance, or
fail to vote against it.
This scheme is by no means an orphan. It
is naturally sustained by a delegation made up
from three States, of forty-three Representa-
tives, or nearly one fifth of all the members of
this House. It has, therefore, good and re-
sponsible sponsors here. I do not say that
every member from Ohio, Indiana, and Illi-
nois will vote for this bill. I have, however,
yet to find one of them who does not say he
believes that it ought to pass ; whether he may
still believe so at the conclusion of this debate
I cannot say. But the simple fact is that here
is this powerful delegation from those three
States, including some of the oldest and ablest
members of this House, men who know how
to use and who will use every fair parliament-
ary expedient to secure the passage of this
joint resolution , men who have powers of ad-
vocacy to make, if necessary, the wrong appear
the better cause, and the personal blandish-
ments so easy by our close association. Under
these circumstances, with this immense power
at its back, this proposition is brought forward,
and on account of these circumstances it
should be closely scrutinized. I propose to
make a plain legal argument and a manly ap-
peal to the House on behalf of our tax-bur-
dened people.
1 shall endeavor to show that the claims set
up on behalf of these three States have no
valid foundation ; that when the Governors of
these three States come here with their memo-
rial and say that '' to withhold payment would
be to discriminate unjustly against our States,
and this, we earnestly insist, would be a great
wrong," they are overstating their case, they
are speaking as advocates and not as judges.
They go on, in a spirit of injured innocence, to
plead their cause and say, " We do not propose,
however, to reargue the question, for that would
be a work of supererogation." Why, sir, from
what examination I have been able to give
this matter, it seems to me that in order to
carry through a measure like this arguments
of the most potent character, such as I believe
do not exist, must be brought forward. These
Governors go on to say:
"Let it suffice to say that we hold it to be a legal
axiom that the act of March 3, 1857, entitled "An
act to settle certain accounts between the United
States and the State of Mississippi and other States,"
commands the statement, allowance, and payment
of what has not been paia of these accounts, with-
out abatement or discount, and we ask you shall
declare that to be the true construction of said act.
to the end that it may be respected and exeouted.
It is difficult to understand how any doubts should
ever have been expresssed as to the correot meaning
of the legislation, and to you we appeal, in behalf
of our respective States, forthat justice towhichthey
are clearly entitled."
In the same spirit of confidence the Judiciary
Committee, or that portion of them who unite
in this report, (and the report does not say how
many,) go on to insist on page 3 of their report
that the relief claimed by Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois is of exactly the same character and
depends upon precisely the same principles as
that given in the case of Mississippi and Ala-
bama. Sir, I deny it. I deny that there is
any analogy between the case of these three
States and the one which was decided by Con-
gress in 1857 in the case of Alabama and
Mississippi.
By the third clause of section seven of the
act of April 30, 1802 (and at the risk of re-
peating to some extent what the gentleman
who preceded me has said I wish to call atten-
tion to the previous legislation on this matter)
it was provided that one twentieth of the pro-
ceeds of sales of land within the limits of Ohio,
from and after the 30th June, 1802, should be
applied to " laying out and making public roads
leading from the navigable waters emptying
into the Atlantic, to the Ohio, to the said State,
and through the same, such roads to be laid
out under the authority of Congress."
| From this provision of law, seventy years
old, dates this claim. A claim so hoary in its
character i8 perhaps to be approached with
veneration. Where a specter comes out from
the darkness of the far past, arrayed as this
is with its robes of antiquity, it may be a rude
hand that attempts to strip off those robes and
show that there is a skeleton beneath.
Section two of the act of March 3, 1803,
directed the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
three per cent, of this five per cent, over to
the State for roads within the State. The act
of April 19, 1816, clause three, section five,
provided that five per cent, of the net pro-
ceeds of sales of lands in Indiana should be
"reserved for making roads and canals," three
fifths thereof to be applied within the State
under direction of the State Legislature,
and two fifths "to the making of a road or
roads leading to said State under the direction
of Congress.'' So that the claim of Indiana
dates for its foundation back to 1816, nearly
two generations.
The act of April 18, 1818, section six, clause
three, provided for the reservation of five per
cent, of the net proceeds of sales of public
lands in Illinois, "two fifths to be disbursed
under the direction of Congress in making
roads leading to the State." As in the case of
Ohio, so in the cases of Indiana and Illinois,
three fifths of this fund was paid in money to
the respective States. That large amount
(and upon this I believe there is no contro-
versy) has been paid in money to those
respective States.
Now, sir, I say there is no law whatever
authorizing the payment of the reserved two
per cent, to the three States just named, and
the authority of Congress to spend it for the
benefit of said States was reserved in the
original acts quoted, and has been reaffirmed
very many times since. I repeat that there is
no authority whatever in acts of Congress to
pay this two per cent, over to these three
States; and before I conclude I will refer to
the legislation of 1857, which is cited as cover-
ing an analogous case. On the contrary,
there are acts after acts of Congress—some
twenty in number—which reserve to the United
States the right to apply that two per cent, for
certain specific objects for the benefit of those
States; and I say that not only has the full
amount of the one million and one third in
centroversy in this bill been paid, but that
three times that amount; in other words, be-
tween six and seven million dollars has been
paid by the United States in the endeavor to
pay the two per cent, to which these States
were entitled. In view of the stipulations in
the acts for the admission of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois into the Union, appropriations
were made by Congress to extend the national
road from Cumberland, Maryland, to the Ohio
river at Wheeling, Virginia, and by the act
of February 29, 1806, there was appropriated
$30,000. As this is a good specimen of the
manner in which Congress intended to charge
the two per cent, named in the organic acts
of these States with the expenditures on ac-
count of the Cumberland road, I will ask the
Clerk to read it. This is the first appropria-
tion I find for this object, and the House will
see how Congress guarded that appropriation.
The Clerk read as follows:
"And be it further enact ad. That the sum of $30,000
be, and the same is hereby appropriated to defray
the expense of laying out and making the said road.
And the President is hereby authorized to draw
from time to time on the Treasury tor such parts or
at any one time for the whole of said sum as he shall
judge the service requires; which sum of $30,000
shall be paid first out of the fund of two per cent,
reserved for laying out and making roads to the
State of Ohio, by virtue of the seventh section of an
act passed on the 30th day of April, 1802, entitled,
'An aot to enable the people of the eastern division
of the territory northwest of the river Ohio to form
a constitution and State government, and for the
admission of snch State into the Union, on an equal
footing with the original States, and for other pur-
poses.' Three per oent. of the appropriation con-
tained in said seventh section being directed by a
subsequent law to the laying out, opening, and mak-
ing roads within the said State of Ohio; and sec-
ondly, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, chargeable upon, and reimburs-
able at the Treasury by said fund of two per cent.,
as the same shall accrue."
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, the House
will observe the careful limitation of the re-
sponsibility of Congress. It is provided this
$30,000 in the first and original appropriation
shall be chargeable on the two fifths of the five
per cent, reserved from the proceeds of sale
of public lands in that State. And the act,
with an excessive caution to show there is no
inteution of confounding it with the three fifths,
recites in the same section that the three fifths
by previous acts of Congress had been paid in
money to these respective States.
This was by the act of 29th of February,
1806, (vol. 2, p. 309. Stat.,) and the amount
was $30,000. On the 14th of February, 1810,
(vol. 2, p. 369,) $60,000 was appropriated, and
I will give the reference to any gentleman who
may doubt the fact. He will find in volume two,
page 555, the same careful provision is made
that this appropriation shall be chargeable on
the two fifths of the five per cent, reserved from
the sale of public lands as provided for in the
organic act of these States.
By act of 3d of March, 1811, (vol. 2, p. 666,)
$150,000 was appropriated for the same pur-
pose ; and by act of 6th of May, 1812, (vol. 2,
p. 730,) $30,000 more under the same limita-
tions. By act of 3d March, 1813, (vol. 2, p.
829,) $140,000 more; and by act of 14th Feb-
ruary, 1815, (vol. 3, p. 206,) $100,000 more.
I have looked all through the books to find
these appropriations, and say the amounts I
give and the dates and limitations are as I
state them. By the act of 6th April, 1816,
(vol. 3, p. 282,) $300,000 was appropriated.
By the act of 3d March, 1819, (vol. 3, p. 426,)
$52,984 60 and $260,000 were appropriated.
By the act of 3d of March, 1819, (vol. 3, p.
500,) $250,000 more was appropriated; and
further for completing the road Congress appro-
priated $285,000 of the same date.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the provision made at
the time of this appropriation of $285,000 for
completing the road is worthy of the attention
of this House. Congress had not only pro-
vided in every one of these appropriations to
which I have referred that they should be
reimbursed out of the two fifths of the five
per cent, reserved from the sale of public
lands, but here by general provision it made
