1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
this appropriation of this date and all past
ones chargeable on this fund. I will aena to
the Clerk's desk volume three of the Statutes-
at-Large in order that the section may be read,
which is to be found at the bottom of page 500.
The Clerk read as follows:
" For claims due and becoming due under existing
contracts for constructing the United States road
from the Cumberland to the Ohio river, $250,000;
and for completing the said road, the sum of $285,000;
which several sums, hereby appropriated, together
with the amount heretofore advanced by the United
States for making said road, shall be repaid out of
the fund reserved for laying out and making roads
to the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, by virtue
of the several acts for the admission of the aforesaid
States into the Union."
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
direct especial attention of the House to this
language of the statute:
"Which several sums hereby appropriated, to-
gether with the amount heretofore advanced by the
United States for making said road, shall be repaid
out of the fund reserved for laying out and making
roads to the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
by virtue of the several acts for the admission of the
aforesaid States into the Union."
There ought to be some definite, distinct
repeal of a statute like that whereby all these
large appropriations were limited, instead of
construing their repeal as a mere matter of in-
ference. As an axiom of law requiring no
argument I assume that these large appropri-
ations thus hedged in are not to be considered
as repealed by any mere inference drawn from
a subsequent statute. That provision of the law
has not only not been repealed in terms, but
I assert it has not been repealed even by any
fair inference. Yet I say there ought to be,
to repeal a provision like that where the con-
sideration for the provision was $500,000, and
the appropriation provided against the two
fifths of the five per cent, fund—I say in order
to repeal that provision there ought to be some
act passed subsequently expressly making the
repeal. I defy any one of the forty-three
gentlemen upon this floor representing those
three States to show me a clause or a line
which in terms repeals that provision of the
statute. It says distinctly "these amounts
and the amounts heretofore advanced for
making said road by the United States shall
be repaid out ot the fund reserved for laying
oat and making roads to the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, by virtue of the several
acts for the admission of the aforesaid States
into the Union."
Now, sir, after these appropriations, which
amounted in the aggregate to $1,557,984 60,
all chargeable by the specific acts of appropria-
tion to this two per cent, fund, this Govern-
ment went on and laid out money upon the
roads still further, from Wheeling, Virginia, to
the Mississippi river opposite St. Louis, run-
ning through these three States,X)hio, Indiana,
and Illinois. And other appropriations of
money to a large amount, as I shall show, were
made by Cougress for its construction, which
the several acts of Congress stipulated should
be replaced out of this two fifths per cent., out
of the fund reserved for laying out and making
roads under the direction of Congress, by the
acts for the admission of the same three States
of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois into the Union.
These appropriations amounted to $1,654,-.
915 85, following right down year after year
by a consistent policy, and every one of the
appropriations repeating this limitation that it
should be replaced to the Government of the
United States out of this two fifths per cent.
These appropriations were as follows: by act
of 2d March, 1831, $175,000; by another act
in the same year, $69,915 85; by act of 24th
June, 1834, $450,000; by act of 3d March,
1835, $300,000; by act of 3d March, 1837,
$390,000; by act of 2d July, 1832, $270,000;
making a total of $1,654,915 85.
These were large amounts, the Government
carrying out lavishly the performance of its
contract to spend this two fifths fund in making
roads to and through these various States.
The Government year by year was taking
money from its Treasury, having already paid
largely in excess of the amount it was liable
for by the two fifths per cent arrangement,
and appropriated it on these roads. At the
same time looking to a future contingency like
that of to-day, these laws provided that these
amounts should stand to the credit of the
United States forever against any claim of the
three States to have it paid over to them again,
and required the officers of the Treasury to
retain any moneys accruing to the three States,
until the United States was reimbursed.
By direction of Congress, therefore, there
stood chargeable to the reserved two per cent,
of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, first, the moneys
appropriated to extend the national road from
Cumberland to Wheeling, $1,557,984 60; sec-
ond, the moneys appropriated to construct the
same road in continuance through Ohio, Indi-
ana, and Illinois, $1,654,915 88; making a
total of $3,212,900 48. The reserved two per
cent, of these States, according to the state-
ments of the General Land Office, amounted
to the following sums; Ohio, to 31st Decem-
ber, 1856, $398,894 08; Indiana, to 31st De-
cember, 1856, $412,146 64: Illinois, to 31st
December, 1860, $475,163 55; making a total
of $1,286,204 27. The aggregate of the money
expanded by Congress and directed by Con-
gress thus to be charged to the States is
$3,212,900 48. The aggregate of money they
were entitled to require Congress to expend
is $1,286,204 27; that is to Bay, an excess of
expenditure over the stipulation in the con-
tracts of $1,926,696 21.
Now, unless there is an unequivocal law of
Congress which provides that this $8,212,000
which has been expended by Congress (foes
for nothing, and that a credit shall be given
of one and a third millions besides this to these
States, unless it is shown clearly that there is
such a law, then I say this stands right in the
way of the bill on our table, which provides
that the correct interpretation and meaning is
that the Government shall pay this money
notwithstanding these statutes.
Now, the moneys which I have mentioned
are not all the funds spent by Congress upon
the national road. From 1833 to 1837 the
general appropriation for the object amounted
to $2,053,348 24.
After the admission of Missouri into the
Union, with just such a provision is the
organic law, appropriations were made charge-
able against the two per cent, of the four
States, amounting to $1,505,000; so that there
have been altogether appropriated and spent
by the national Government upon this national
road, running to Wheeling and thence through
the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, in the
three ways I have suggested, $6,821,248 72.
The aggregate of the two per cent, fund of the
three States, to recent dates, is $1,286,204 27,
and that of the State of Missouri, $394,046 33.
These figures certainly do not show any indebt-
edness existing by the United States to the
three States in question at the date of the act
of March 3, 1857, but a large balance against
those States on a oalculation, in accordance
with the laws relating to the matter.
And, sir, I again repeat that those laws are
not to be ignored unless it can be shown that
they have been repealed, and I defy any gen-
tleman here to put his finger upon a line in
any statute whicn repeals one of the provisions
to which I have referred.
Now, the case of the States of Alabama and
Mississippi is entirely different, and here is
really the point of diversion between these
gentlemen of the committee and myself. I
call the especial attention of the House to the
fact that there is a striking difference which
must be taken into consideration by the House
in estimating and determining what was meant
by the statute which this joint resolution pre-
tends to interpret. By clause one, section five
of the act of March 1,1817, (3 Stat., p. 349) five
per cent, of the net proceeds of sales of land in
Mississippi was " reserved for making public
roads and canals, which three fifths shall be
applied to those objects within the State under
the direction of the Legislature thereof, and
two fifths to the making of a road or roads
leading to the said State, under the direction
of Congress."
It will be observed that the foundation of
their claim for two per cent, is of exactly the
same character as that of the three States
which bring forward this claim : but I insist
again on the element of difference in subse-
quent treatment of these States, which I have
partially pointed out and will further explain.
The third clause of section five of the act of
March 2,1819, (3 Stat. 491,) makes a reserva-
tion of five per cent, of the sales of land in
Alabama, in substance and language the same.
By an act approved May 23, 1822, (3 Stat.
674-75) provision was made for paying over
in money to Alabama and Mississippi the three
fifths mentioned in the acts for the admission
of those States into the Union.
It will be observed that by the provisions
of this law the Government paid over the
three fifths to these States in money, as in the
case of the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illi-
nois. Two per cent., however, of Mississippi
and Alabama remained in the United States
Treasury, but not one dollar was appropriated
by Congress to build a road leading to those
States. Congress did not make provision for
any such road, but by the act of September 4,
1841, section sixteen and seventeen, (5 Stat.,
p. 451,) relinquished said two per cent, fund
to said States of Alabama and Mississippi on
condition that the States should aecept the
same by legislative acts, at\d apply the fund
to certain specific works of internal improve-
ment. So that Congress paid the money to
these two States instead of constructing roads
within their borders, while in the case of the
other three States it expended the money in
the construction of a road.
By the same act (section one) it was pro-
vided that the disbursements for the "Cum-
berland road" "shall remain as heretofore,
chargeable on the two per cent, fund provided
for by compacts with several of the States,"
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri being
named. Is there any repeal of those acts ? I
ask an answer to this pertinent question, when
gentlemen come to reply to me. On the con-
trary, here was reaffirmance of them. Can it
be correctly assumed that on the 3d of March,
1857, there was no difference in the condition
of the land accounts of Ohio and Mississippi,
when for the one more than the stipulated
amount had been expended, and it was by
law declared that it should remain a charge,
but for the other not one dollar had been ex-
pended, and the United States had relin-
quished its right to expend the reserved
money ?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I understand
the gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
to ask for answers to his questions.
Mr. SARGENT. I said I wanted them
answered when gentlemen come to reply to
me.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I can answer
them if the gentleman will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. SARGENT. I cannot yield now, for
my time is limited. I say that I propound
certain pertinent questions, not to be slurred
over; that one and one third million dol-
lars are involved in this matter, and we want
to see what right after Congress has expended
$6,000,000 under the contract, over four
millions more than its liability, they have
to come back here and say that they will take
one and one third millions out of the Treasury.
When Mississippi and Alabama had this two-
fifths relinquished to them, Congress coupled
it with the stipulation that those StateB should
expend the money for the objects which before
that time and in reference to the other Slates
Congress had done for those States. I say
there is no analogy whatever between the two
