1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1227-
had other ventures ; you have made fifty voy-
ages insuring yourself; you have made large
profits by those voyages; the merchandise
imported by you has sold at higher rates ; the
public generally have paid it; and therefore
before we will pay you the full amount of your
goods destroyed by the Alabama which Great
Britain has paid to us for you, we will compel
you to render to us an account of all your
ventures that we may know that the war has
brought no profit to you."
Why, sir, if you enter into that principle
who shall be paid? This war has brought
profit to some of the—what shall I say?—
least deserving men that our country had in it.
It has brought loss to many of the most de-
serving in the country. It has been a scene
exhibiting at times the most elevated instances
of individual patriotic feeling, and at others
much of the baseness of human nature. Many
of those who secured large profit from it have
obtained that profit from the blood and the
suffering of their own countrymen. There-
fore, sir, if this doctrine is to be taken up and
adopted in regard to the distribution of this
fund, that no man shall have part or lot in it who
lias profited by the war, it will form an inves-
tigation so long, so tedious, so questionable,
that I doubt very much whether one penny of
the money paid into your Treasury by the Brit-
ish Government will ever pass to private hands.
Such questions are notcapableof examination;
they are not capable of being weighed ; nor
is Congress, under the terms and meaning of
the treaty, competent either in law or in equity
to weigh such matter.
If the illustration that I have made is just,
that merchants who had insured their own
property, taking no policies from others, run-
ning their own risks, shall be entitled to come
forward and claim the losses they prove to have
occurred by reason of the depredations of
these cruisers, then it seems to me impossible
that you should go further in respect to the
subrogated claimants who stand precisely in
their shoes and ask to be admitted to their
rights at law and in equity. You cannot ask
a merchant who is self-insured, " What were
your large profits which you made in cargoes
which avoided capture, and, in avoiding cap-
ture, increased the cost of that merchandise
in the market to the whole community?" and
yet say to him you will not pay until he has
credited the public with the entire amount of
his supposed profits growing out of that class
of ventures.
Let me repeat, if a merchant makes fifty
voyages without a capture, and has gained
millions by his ventures, and on a subsequent
voyage has lost his vessel by capture, would he
not have a just claim for that vessel? With
what face or by what reason could you call
upon him and say, "Before we pay you for the
single ship which was captured we must have
an account from you of your profits on the
fifty that were not captured; and why ? Be
cause you increased the cost of the merchan-
dise in your fifty ventures, and the public paid
it; and this being a public fund, we must have a
settlement with you growing out of your entire
operations during the war."
Now, sir, wherein is the difference between
the holder of insurance stock who has taken
an honest and lawful risk and has paid to that
merchant the money that he lost by one of
these ventures, and the merchant himself,
insuring himself, who conies to you and claims
the money from you in his own name? Is
there any substantial difference? Is there
any legal difference? Is there any moral
difference? I answer distinctly, to my mind
there is none.
All that we can do under thiscondition ot
affairs, with this large fund for distribution to
our people, is simply to say to ®ach man,
whether he be an original claimant in his own
name, or whether he be a subrogated claimant
in the name of another, that so far as the fund
will hold out we will make him whole ot his
loss. Thus A has taken a policy of insurance
upon B's cargo to the amount of $10,000, for
which, we will suppose, by way of illustra-
tion, that B has paid him $1,000 by way of
war premium. The cargo is destroyed by the
Alabama. It is a case entirely within the
rule adopted for the paymentof damage under
the rulings of the Geneva tribunal. The in-
surer A pays B the full amount of his policy,
to wit, the $10,000. A comes forward now
to the commission whom we shall appoint for
the distribution of this fund and says, " I have
paid this man, an American citizen, $10,000
for property captured by the Alabama, for
which you hold the indemnifying fund." They
ask him, "Do you stand in his place?" "I
do." " What is the loss?" " Ten thousand
dollars." How is it to be made up? The
answer of the United States is, "You shall
be made whole by this fund, and you having
received $1,000 of premiums in this case, we
ill pay you the remaining $9,000, and the
two sums together will make the whole amount
of the loss." There is a rule that is equitable.
The insurer has not been suffered to make a
profit from the public in that case, but he
is made whole by having received his war
premium, and having received the balance
above that which he paid in the way of loss
back to the insured.
Now, sir, I hope to see this bill amended ;
and I should prefer to see it amended accord-
ing to the ideas that I have here suggested,
that each individual case of insurance should
stand upon its own bottom, that each should
be settled according to its own conditions,
that no insurer should receive from the Gov-
ernment more money than is required to make
him whole, and that in making him whole the
amount he ha3 received by way of war risk in
the identical case shall be considered in fixing
the amount which he has paid to the insured.
By this means there will be no reinsurance by
the Government upon the profits of the busi-
ness, but there will be a prevention of loss to
the insurance companies, who, as I have said,
represent just as meritorious a class of our
people as any other class in the country.
I do not propose to enter upon n discussion
of the point which has already, I think, been
successfully and properly discussed by the
Senator from Ohio, as to whether the United
States, as a Government, has any claim upon
this fund. I believe it has none further than
its own indemnification against the proper and
legitimate expenses of the treaty and in the
distribution of the money. I suppose the five
per cent, of this large fund which is to be re-
tained in the Treasury is retained for that
purpose and for no other; not for profit to the
Treasury nor gain to the public at large, but
simply to pay the legitimate expenses incurred
in procuring this fund for the_ benefit of our
own people; and in the distribution of this
fund I think there must be something more
worthy of the national character than a tech-
nicality to prevent the reception of money
justly due, and which would, under the law
as it obtains in our tribunals of justice, be
legally due to all citizens alike.
Sir, the Government cannot make profit
by this fund. In my opinion it never had a
right to demand profit in any way on account
of this country from Great Britain. I have,
however, under other circumstances expressed
my opinion as to what were known as the
" indirect claims" under the treaty. I do not
propose now to repeat them, or to do more
than refer to them. But the Senator from Ohio
was perfectly right, in my opinion, when he
said that, by the exclusion of the indirect
claims in the judgment of that tribunal there
was an end to the claims of the Government
of the United States, as a Government, upon
the Government of Great Britain.
Then, sir, the matter stands simply thus:
this fund of $15,500,000 is paid for indemnity
to American citizens for the losses they have
sustained by reason of the depredations upon
our commerce of certain named belligerent
cruisers in the service of the confederate
States; and as we are simply stakeholders,
simply trustees of this fund for the benefit of
all those entitled to it, I can see neither rea-
son nor equity nor law for excluding the
insurers of the property where they have hon-
estly completed their contract of insurance
and have paid the risk. Why not take each
case by itself and allow the premium in each
case which the insurer has already received to
be considered in making up the sum that shall
properly indemnify him ? When to the pre-
mium already received, say ten per cent, of
the amount, shall be added the other ninety
per cent, from this fund, he has no longer
cause of complaint, because he has been made
whole in the transaction in which he em-
barked. I do not conceive that he has a right
to call on the Government of the United
States to insure his insurance, to insure his
premiums to him. That was not the contract,
either express or implied. The contract
simply was, whether for the original claimant
or the subrogated claimant, if we get damages
to indemnify you, we will pay over the money
in the fairest ratio that it will admit to each
claimant.
Therefore, while I would prefer that the
question should be confined to the limits of
the proposition I have endeavored to state to
the Senate, yet, nevertheless, I shall vote for
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio to
strike out the twelfth section, and whether
that motion shall prevail or not, I shall then
endeavor to procure an amendment that the
insurance companies shall stand precisely
upon the same basis «as other claimants, to
wit, upon the basis of being made whole in
each individual case so far as the fund paid
into the Treasury will allow it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] to the amendment
of the committee.
Mr. THURMAN. As I said before, there
are members of the Senate who desire to be
heard upon this question who are not now
prepared to speak upon it, but will be in the
morning, and for myself I should like to have
time to study the amendment suggested by my
friend from Delaware, which he has urged
with so much force, and in which the Senator
from Connecticut, [Mr. Buckingham,] to
whose opinions we always pay great deference,
coincides; and therefore I wish that we might
by unanimous consent pass this bill over
informally, so that it may be the unfinished
business to-morrow.
Mr. EDMUNDS rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio yield to the Senator from Ver-
mont?
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to know if he
objects to that. If he does, I may make a
motion to postpone. .
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do object to it, and I
feel obliged to do so. My friend from Iowa
[Mr. Wright] has the bankrupt repeal bill m
charge, which he desires to take up? and it
ought to be considered and disposed of one
way or the other. Then there are the appro-
priation bills waiting; and I fee! it to be my
duty to ask the Senate to stay here and finish
this bill to-night one way or the other. There
is nothing new about it; it is all before us.
We have difference of views. Let us settle
them and go on with the public business, so
that we shall not be obliged to have an extra
session of Congress. Therefore, with all de-
sire to accommodate my friend, I think it to
be my duty to ask the Senate to dispose of
this bill to day, and then take up some other
important, matter and go on with that.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not think we shall
gain anything in the disposition of time and
the disposition of public business by proceed-
ing at this late hour with this bill, or attempt-
ing to sit it out to-night. I therefore move, as
