1228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
the Senator will not consent to allow the bill to
be informally passed over, that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until
to morrow at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
qn the motion, and declared that the noes
appeared to prevail.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I am in favor of the most
rational disposition of the time that remains of
this session for the furtherance of public busi-
ness, and shall hold myself ready to facilitate
that in any way that I can. But when a mem-
ber of the body distinctly announces that he
desires time in order to consider, to his own
satisfaction, certain propositions in regard to
the pending measure, and as the time which
would be occupied now in the consideration of
the present measure can be filled instantly by
other business pressing upon its heels, I do not
see that there is any good reason for not yield-
ing to his express wish upon that subject.
Independent of that, however, the present
bill cannot be considered as pressing as many
others, for the simple reason tbat it provides
for tbe distribution of a fund not yet paid, and
which will scarcely be paid before the meet-
ing of Congress in December next. If there
be this variance of opinion in respect to the
distribution of the fund, it occurs to me that
no great injury will be done to the claimants if
we delay, in order to consider the just rule of
distribution, for that is pretty much all that
this bill means.
For those two reasons I shall vote for this
postponement: first, because I do not believe
we shall waste any time by postponing it, and I
should be disposed to yield to the express
desire of the honorable Senator from Ohio ;
and next, because I do not think this bill is
nearly as pressing in its proper demands upon
us as many others before the Senate.
Mr. EDJIUNDS. If the object be to take
up the afternoon in discussing a question which
has no particular point in it except to defeat
thi3 bill altogether, of course I ought to con-
tribute my share to that amusement. The
honorable Senator from Ohio, he will bear me
witness in saying, has had just as ample op-
portunity as any of the rest of us have had, m
committee and out of it, to consider this bill.
He has very definite and decisive opinions on
the subject, which we have all listened to with
great respect, if not with great pleasure. Now,
then, to come in on the second day's debate,
or the third day's debate, whichever it may be,
and tell us,^ having only seventeen days more
of this session, that we are to postpone the bill
until to-morrow and .take up something else,
and then run the chance of getting this bill up
again at all against the other pressure, and be-
ing up again, according to our experience, to
have the debate all gone over again, (because
that is our experience in such matters,) must
be a very capital way of using up time. If I
desired to break down the business of this
session, and to have a called session to dispose
of t)ie appropriation bills, or to be forced into
passing an act for a fresh session of Congress
on the 4th of March, I should do exactly
what the Senator from Ohio now moves to do,
because it will contribute—I do not mean that
he designs that, and I do not think he does—
to exactly that result. Now, we have gone on
with ibis debate for two days. The precise
point in dispute, as to the right of insurance
companies to be provided for, has been illum-
inated on both sides, substantially, so that
Senators see what, the point is; and it does
appear to me, if Senators are really in earnest
-n desiring to act on this measure at all, they
had better do it now.
The Senator from Delaware says there is no
hurry the money is not payable until the
12th of September. That is true; but if you
do not provide a tribunal of some kind at this
session to have its report ready next winter.
after the money is paid, then you just keep
these people, including the insurance com-
panies, for whom he has so much sympathy,
out of their money for a whole year. That is
the result of it.
Mr. BAYARD. Those people can afford to
wait rather better than some others.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no doubt the
Senator would much prefer to attend to the
interest of southern claimants and a great
variety of other claims tbat are being pressed
on the Treasury. That I can readily under-
stand. He stands by them all the time. That
we perfectly understand. So I dare say the
distribution of this fund to the ship-owners,
with the loyalty clause in the bill, would not
be the thing the Senator would like to do until
everything else is provided for. He sees
other claims much more pressing, and from
his point of view I have no doubt they are;
but I do not happen to think so. I think if
we owe any disposition of this money to any-
body, we ought to provide for it now, in order
that the summer may be spent by a commis-
sion or a court or some tribunal in ascertain-
ing, upon principles that we shall determine,
who are the people who are to be paid, so that
they may be paid in their lifetime, and not
be kept on, as the French spoliation bill has
been, for a century.
Mr. BAYARD. I suppose if the honorable
Senator from Vermont should happen to get
through any part of a debate here without say-
ing, or trying to say, something that was un-
pleasant, or meant to be unpleasant to some-
body with whom he was engaged in argument,
he would be very poorly satisfied. There was
nothing said by me in respect to another claim.
I neither mentioned southern claims nor north-
ern claims, and yet he sees fit to lug in some-
thing that he means to be a reproach on the
subject. Well, sir, he cannot reproach me
much upon the subject of delaying any just
claim against the United States, or desiring to
hold money in the Treasury which does not
belong to it, whether that money is due to a
man from the North or South or elsewhere.
It was Mj&irely unnecessary in that Senator to
make anysuggestions that my remarks on this
question were based with reference to any
feeling of my own on the subject. I had none.
I spoke as a man of business about a thing of
business; and I also indulged in what per-
haps he will not so fully understand: some
feeling of courtesy toward the wishes of a
brother member ol the body who desired to
have a bill passed over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I cer-
tainly should not enter into competition with
my friend from the Republican State of Dela-
ware on the subject of courtesy, because I
know how rapidly that State is progressing in
political as well as in moral science, and I bow
my head with respect to that State and to its
representative. I give up on that point.
But I am sorry that my friend from Dela-
ware seems to think it is a repioach in the
eyes of somebody that he is a friend of south-
ern claimants. He certainly ought not to take
offense, brave man as he is 
Mr. BAYARD. I do not think so. I think
it high praise. I would rather be the friend
of people who are in adversity than be crawl-
ing around the feet of those in power.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I had forgotten which
one of us it is that had the floor, Mr. Presi-
dent.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am much obliged to
the Chair and to the Senator from Delaware.
Now, Mr. President, I am very glad my friend
from Delaware seems to be happy, although
evidently he is not. If he is proud of being
the friend of southern claimants against the
Treasury, then he ought not to be offended
that I refer to that fact which is so well known
in respect to the generosity and the justice of
his character. I certainly did not mean it as
an offense. I supposed that lie and his asso-
ciates here who stand up for that sort of thing
were not ashamed of it. When they say they
are, I shall not allude to it again, to be sure :
but until they say they are, they ought not to
get angry because I refer to a well known pub-
lic fact as to the nature of the claims upon
which they think money ought to be taken out
of the Treasury.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I have
not asked that this bill should be laid over for
my accommodation, although I should like to
have some time to consider the amendment
suggested by the Senator from Delaware and
acquiesced in by the Senator from Conneeti
cut. I desire to have the bill postponed until
to-morrow tor the convenience of some Sen-
ators who wish to speak upon it; that is all. I
wish the bill, or some bill on the subject,
passed at this session. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Vermont that we ought to pass a
bill on the subject at this session if it is pos
sible to do it, and that the commission ought
to be organized and go to work, and it may
make up the most of its decisions before the
1st of September, when the money will be
j>aid. It might make great progress by that
time, and I think that ought to be done. I
do not think we ought to hold this money in
the Treasury one day longer than will be neces-
sary to decide upon these claims, and I will
do as much as will the Senator from Vermont
or any other Senator to bring about a speedy
decision on this matter. If I thought that lay-
ing the bill over until to-morrow would defeat,
the passage of a bill upon the subject at this
session, I would not ask to lay it over; but I
have no idea that it will do any such thing as
that. On the contrary, my belief is that it
will facilitate the passage of a bill at this ses-
sion. My belief is that no bill will pass both
Houses of Congress until it is fully matured,
and that as long as Senators desire to consider
this subject, upon which so great a diversity
of opinion has been manifested, so long they
ought to have time fully and carefully to con-
sider it, and that much the best chance for the
passage of a bill by both Houses, for the pass-
age of a bill that we may pass first, is, that we
shall carefully and thoroughly mature it before
it is passed.
If this bill be postponed until to-morrow at
one o'clock, there is no question but that it
will come up then, and we can take up the
Calendar and spend an hour upon it this after-
noon, under the Anthony rule, or we can take
up one of the appropriation bills. The naval
appropriation bill is in the hands of the com-
mittee and they have the bill ready. It will
consume considerable time, but we can make
some progress in the disposition of that bill,
or it may be that there is some other appro-
priation bill tbat can be considered. I do not
know how that is; but there is the naval appro-
priation bill, and there are several other sub-
jects 
Mr. COLE. There is no other appropri-
ation bill reported from the committee, and
only one pending in the committee. The
naval appropriation bill is the only one ready
for action, and we are only delaying it tempo-
rarily on account of the absence ot the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. STEVENSON. We cannot hear the
Senator from California on this side.
Mr. COLE. I staled that there was only
one appropriation bill now pending in the
Senate, to wit, the naval appropriation bill,
and but one under consideration in commit-
tee, and I should be ready to take up the naval
appropriation bill now or at any time if the
chairman of the Committee 011 Appropriations
were here. He is temporarily absent, but will
be here iu a day or so, and he expressed a de-
sire to be present when that bill was consid-
ered. _ I should like very much to accommo-
date him, if the Senate are willing.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, it is now
manifest, as we have but about twenty work-
