2188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate. oaDB]i of business.
Mr. STEWART. I desire now to make the
amende honorable, and to ask—I will not ask
anything for myself—that my friend from
Ehode Island [Mr. Anthony] may have his
bill considered by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOWE. Let me say to the Senator
that the Senator from Rhode Island prefers to
have the Calendar considered.
Mr. STEWART. No, he does not; he pre-
fers to have his bill. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Senator from Rhode Island may
have his bill taken up. I hope nobody will
object, and I beg of Senators not to object. It
will take but a moment.
Mr. CONKLING. I will not object for one,
if we can have the understanding that after
that bill is disposed of we shall go on with
the Calendar. I want to put in a petition for
the Calendar.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have stated that I will
give way to the Calendar against my bill or
any other. I call it " my bill," but I have no
interest whatever in it except such as a Sena-
tor has who takes charge of a measure. I
have repeatedly asked leave to get the bill
taken up, but have always given way to the
Calendar, and should prefer to do that now,
but when we have gone on with the Calendar
we have invariably taken up all sorts of bills.
I should prefer to go on with the Calendar if I
could have my way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Rhode Island withdraw his mo-
tion?
Mr. ANTHONY. I think I had better do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does he?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Calen-
dar is before the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have a bill which
was passed over 011 the Calendar, which was
reported adversely from the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Delaware asks unanimous consent to
lay aside the Calendar for some purpose.
Mr. SAULSBURY. This is a bill that was
on the Calendar.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me appeal to my
friend. The time is very short, but if we go on
with the Calendar he will get an opportunity
for his bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY. This was passed over
ou the Calendar.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us ran through the
Calendar, and then we can go back. If we
yield to him and then auother Senator asks to
take up a bill we must yield to him. I hope
we shall have the regular order, which is the
Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Calen-
dar is before the Senate, and the Secretary
will report the first bill.
TUB CALENDAR.
The first bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1591) for the relief of Hiram Prather,
late lieutenant colonel of the sixth regiment
Indiana volunteer infantry.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think it is worth
while to consider Senate bills now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is one Senate bill
that I waut considered.
Mr. PRATT. This is a meritorious little
bill, and takes no money from the Treasury,
and I should like to have it considered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Who has the floor, I
should like to know.
Th§ PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Vermont has the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. May I have the floor for
a moment to say to the two Senators that a
member of the House of Representatives told
me that they had understood or agreed there
that after their recess nothing would be con-
sidered coming from the Seuate except con-
ference reports. Therefore my friends will
see that to pass Senate bills is a mere waste of
time.
Mr. PRATT. Very well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I tried to get the floor
a little while ago 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
tried to accord the floor to the Senator from
Vermont, but was unable to be heard.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I apologize to the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sympathizes deeply with the Senator, but can-
not help it. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. And I sympathize with
the Chair deeply. If the House of Repre-
sentatives (if we can be permitted to allude to
that august body) has done what my friend
from New York says, then I think it behooves
us to do the same thing about House bills, and
then we shall be relieved of all further bother
about the Calendar either way. I do not sup-
pose it is any good reason for not passing a
proper Senate bill that the House may or may
not have time to act upon it. I reported I
believe, with the unanimous approval of the
Committee on the Judiciary, a long time ago,
a bill to abolish the western district in Arkan-
sas on account of the prodigious frauds that
had been perpetrated there within the last
year, and the district is only a year old. They
have taken out of the Treasury nearly half a
million of money, for which we have nothing
to show except, an outraged community and a
defeat of justice. Accordingly, the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary have reported a bill to
abolish that district and put an end to the per-
formance, and I have been endeavoring time
and again to get the bill up, hoping it would
be reached on the Calendar, and if reached,
so that all the cases before it were disposed of,
if there were objection to it, then to ask the
Senate to consider it. I thought it was gener-
ally understood that it should be considered.
I had a very strong impression of that kind 011
a certain occasion which I have no right to
name; but at least I do hope the Senate will
take up the bill and pass it, no matter whether
the House passes it or not. We shall have
done our duty as far as we can do it.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the Senator
from Vermont to allow us to run on for a while
with the Calendar, and we can then go back
and take up that bill. Nobody will object, I
am sure.
Mr. RICE. There are very serious objec-
tions to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I feel it to be my duty
in the discharge of my duty to the committee
and to the Senate to move to proceed to the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 1544) to repeal
au act entitled "An act authorizing terms of
the United States district court at Helena,
Arkansas, and for other purposes." If the
Senate does not wish to consider it after the
statement I have made, which is all I can make
without going into the merits, and perhaps I
have gone too far even on that, then my re-
sponsibility will have been disposed of, and that
of the Senate, too ; but I think I must move
that the Senate take up that bill, and I do
move it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope wc shall go on
with the Calendar of unobjected cases.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the request of the Senator from
Vermont?
Mr. CONKLING. I object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make the motion to
take up the bill.
The question being put, there were on a divis-
ion—ayes 15, noes 29.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I demand the yeas and
nays. I think this is a matter of so much im-
portance that I am justified in asking for the
yeas and nays.
The question being on seconding the call
for the yeas and nays, the Chair declared that
one fifth of the Senators present seconded the
call.
Mr. CONKLING. How many Senators
rose? I rise to a question of order, which
compels me to deny that one fifth of a quorum
rose to second the call. I ask the Chair to
count the Senate upon the demand for the yeas
and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators
who will sustain the call for the yeas and nays
will rise.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I hope everybody
who is for justice will get up.
Eleven Senators rose; and the yeas and nays
were ordered.
Mr. CLAYTON. Is this motion debatable
at this stage of the proceedings?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is debat-
able within the rule, not on the merits.
Mr. CLAYTON. I simply wish to say that
I believe the passage of this bill will save
$150,000 a year to the Government.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is
debate on the merits of the bill.
Mr. ALCORN. If that is not debate on
the merits of the bill, I was going to say this:
it would give me great pleasure to vote to take
up the bill and proceed to its consideration if
there was the slightest hope of its being con-
sidered in the other House; but I think it is
simply useless to press it, and therefore I shall
vote to go on with the Calendar.
Mr. CASSERLY. I voted on two occa-
sions to permit the Senator from Vermont to get
this bill up ; but upon inquiry I find that it is
a bill which is very likely to provoke consid-
erable debate, and we cannot afford that at
this stage of the session. Therefore I shall be
compelled to vote against his motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 25: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Caldwell, Carpenter,
Clayton, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Frelin^huysen, Kelly, Pomeroy, Robertson, Thur-
man, Vickers, Windom, and Wright—15.
NAYS—Messrs, Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Casserly, Conklirig, Cooper,
Cragin, jDavis, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe. Machen, Nye,
Pratt, Rice, Saulsbury, Schurz, Scott, Stewart, and
Trumbull—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Brownlow, Chan-
dler, Cole, Corbett, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Hill, ^ Johnston,
Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson, Pool,
ltamsey, Ransom, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton,
\V est, and Wlison—33.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Calen-
dar is before the Senate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I wish to ask a
favor. There is a bill which has passed the
House of Representatives 
Mr. STEWART. Let us go on with the
Calendar.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I believe I have
the floor. When the Senator hears what I
want, he will want it just as much as I do.
There is a bill which has passed the House
giving a pension of fifty dollars a month to the
daughter of Zachary Taylor, and the widow
of Surgeon General Wood.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it on the Calendar?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is not on the
Calendar. It has not been reported by the
committee, and unless it is passed now it must
be lost. The committee have not been able to
report it. Zachary Taylor has never had any
statue erected to him", and none of his family
has received any pension. This lady is old
and poor. General Sherman told me that her
husband, Dr. Wood, has attended to ten thou-
sand maimed soldiers following in the line of
his inarch. I ask that the committee may be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that that little bill may be passed.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not rise to make a
speech, but simply to verify what has been
said by the Senator from New Jersey.
Several Senators. We will pass the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Jersey asks unanimous consent to
proceed to the consideration of the bill indi-
cated by him.
