264
THIS CONGRESSIONAL GIOBE.
Decembet 1T>
cases. To the oue fall satisfaction bad been,
made, to the other nothing had been proposed i
as a fulfillment of the trust. On the plainest
principles of common dealiug the claim of oue
had been fully paid, and that of the other re-
mained unpaid. This difference is palpably
essential. To the oil© nothing was due. fo
satisfy the just claim of the other, provision
was made for payment. And yet they say
that they depend upon similar principles.
The fourth section of the Act of 24th June,
18o4, provided for the surrender of the Cum-
berland (otherwise ''national") road to the
States through which it passes (4 Stat., tiSl,)
Congress having previously assented to an act
of the Ohio Legislature providing for the
superintendence and repair of the road in that
State, by erecting gates and collecting tolls on
said road, 1,4 Stat., 483;) andthe same State
to-day is receiving income from the leasing of
said road to a company which collects tolls
and keeps the road in repair.
Now, if this road is less valuable because
canals have since been dug, or because rail-,
roads now run by the side of it, there is none
the less of equity or legal right iu the demand
of the Government that the State should credit
for this purpose the amounts which were agreed
to be expended and were expended by the
Government, and that those amounts shall now
be considered in making uptheseaccounts, as is
proposed by my amendment.
The question remains, what did Congress
intend and mean should be done, when, by
the second section of the act of 3d of March,
1857, it was enacted—
" That the said Commissioner shall also state an
account between the'United States and each of the
other States upon the same principles, and shall
allow and pay to each State such amount as shall
thus be found due, estimating all lands and perma-
nent reservations at 31 2o cents per acre."
Why, say these gentlemen, Congress meant
by that that it was to wipe out the former
payments; that the six millions were not to
count even as a drop in the backet; that the
United States reserved no rights at all, but
t brew them all away, and was to give the two
tifths of this fund to those States because they
iiad paid it to Mississippi. Why, sir, Missis-
sippi, had never received the amount in any
shape; the Government had not expended
money for it as it did for these other States.
But what did Congress intend by the act? Did
Congress intend by this to repeal section one
of the act of 4th of September, 1841, which
directed that the disbursements for the Cum-
berland road, "shall remain, as heretofore,
chargeable on the two per cent, fund provided
far by compacts" with Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois?
If repeal was intended I again ask, why not
say so ? If such was the intention, certainly
apt words would have been selected for the.
purpose. The subject was one of magnitude,
involving a million and a quarter of money.
In aid of justice, to pay a debt, this act of
1855 might be liberally construed. But is it
to be construed so as to require thai,the officers
of the United States shall pay money out of
the Treasury to States that have no shadow of
right to such money ? I think not. The States
of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois were not then,
making any such claim as they now present.
It is but recently that any such claim has been
brought forward. The men of those days were
in ignorance of any such claim, and it was not
supposed that Congress had made it mandatory
upou the officers of the Government of the
United States to replenish the coffers of those
States by a gratuity.
I am not at a loss for a just and sensible
construction of this section two. It is nob
a mere provision that money shall be paid;
it gives a basis for calculation. Under the
Choctaw and Chickasaw treaties very large
bodies of land in Alabama and Mississippi had
been taken up by individual Indian reserves.
The original compact was that for cash sales
the Government should be liable for this two
fifths; but here weci large individual teserva-
tiou# to j diau  which were of OQurae with-
drawn froju sale by these treaties with the
Chickasaws and Choctaws.
The' archives of the Government disclose
what many men living remember, or have
read, that the United Sftates Government waa
about that time firmly set upan the polioy of
removing these tribes west of the Mississippi.
The agents and commissioners who visited the
ludians found them averse to removal, and
represented that these stipulations for large
allowances of laud were absolutely necessary
to induce the Indians to consent to such
removal. Hence the lands were conceded.
They constituted a part payment to the In-
dians and took the place of money ia the
consideration paid the Indians for removal.
The compact stipulations with Alabama and
Mississippi only secured to those States five
per cent, upon net cash proceeds of sales,
and hence the Indian reservations were oot
included as a part of the sum on which, five
per cent, was calculated.
Eeviewing these facta in 1855 and 18^7,
Alabama and Mississippi claimed that the In-
dian reservations had served the United States
as so much money in dealing with the Iadiaas,
and for an object so praiseworthy and of so
public a nature as internal improvements,
education, &c., the United Staties ought to
allow five per cent, on these lands estimated
at $1 25 per aore.
That was the claim set up by those States;
and I will say that I find by the Sles of the
Interior Department that that claim ae I sUtte
it was rejected by the Secretary of the Interior.
The justice of this claim, however, was con-
ceded in the acts of 1855 and 1857, but aathe
act of 1855 fixed no basis for esiit* ting the.
money value of the land, it remained unex-
ecuted till after the act of 1857 presented thsi
the Indian reservations should be estimated at
$1 25 per acre, as if the lands had been sold
at that price.
But if Mississippi and Alabama are to have
five per cqpt on " all [such} lands and perma-
nent reservations estimated at$l 25 per acre,"
why npt allow to oth«r States five per cent, on
lands within their limita, tqfcein to satigfy In-
dian reservations, and never afterward soLd
for cash on Government account? fhif ques-
tion Congress answered by saying ia the sec-
tion above quoted, u Let the other States have
a similar allowance of five per cent, on such,
lands estimated at $1 25 per acre."
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. The gentleman
will allow me to ask him what is the meaning
of the second section, which provides that there
shall be "allowed and paid to each State
such amount as may be found dug," and that
an account shall be stated between the United
States and each State ?
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly; that proceeded
on the same principle precisely. What was
that principle? The law was varied only in
this respect: that certain Indian. reserves
which had been used by the Goveramertt as
so much cash should be allowed for by the
Government as such at $1 25 an acre, and
that in dealing with the other States besides
Alabama and Mississippi the same principle
should be applied; that all Indian reserves
held in those States should be treated aa so
much cash on which they should be allowed
five per cent.
The gentleman must know as a good lawyer
that that is the sound, honest construction of
the sentence. That is the meaning given to
the law by the Interior Department; and the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, one or
all of them, have had. such allowance under
this law. And that is the construction of the
Interior Department to-day, that these Indian
reserves are to be considered as though they
were lands sold for cash and five per cent,
allowed for them. That is the meaning of that
statute.
But in the cases of these three States, under
th* }aw8 abave cifled, it hat been, properly held
that only three fiilhs of said five per eeot. is
payable in money to said States, and the re-
maining two fifths goes to the reserved two
per cent, fund, and to the credit of moneys
advanced by Congress upon the original con-
tracts with those States. I believe that is an
honest and just construction of the law, and
gives these States all the advantage derived by
Mississippi and Alabama. But if it should
ever occur that these States had more money
reserved in the hands of Congress tl^an Con-
gress has advanced under the compacts, then
there would be a just claim in their flavor, and
then Congress could properly be asked to pass
a law to authorize the payment of such surplus.
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read the
conclusions of an able report made in 1863 by
the Seoretary of the Interior; and I have only
the points stated in the conclusions read, be-
cause I have not any further time to spare.
The Clerk read as follows :
"1. That two fifths of the fire per cents of thefl.efc
proceeds of the lands lying within the State or Illi-
nois and sold ginee January 1, 1819, bad been dis-
bursed by Congress in strict accordance with the
compact between the General Government and that
State.
" il That Congress had never relinquished its con-
trol over said 'two fifths' or authorised the pay-
ment of the same or any part thereof to the State of
Ufiaois.
"3. Th«t Congress by aot approved September 4,
1811, had relinquished to the States of Alabama and
Mississippi the two fifths of five per cent, of the net
proceeds of tfte landB lying within their respective
limits, whieh have been oi should be thereafter sold.
Ihja effect of that legislation and of the provision!
of the enabling acts of those Stages in regard to the
remaining three fffths was tk> seotare to them five per
oent. of the net amount el tha sale* of such lands.
"4. The agfs of 1865, and 1857 did not .give to Ala-
bama and Mississippi an additional percent, upon
the proceeds of sncn sales; but required the Com-
missioner in the aaoeunt between the United States
! wd those States to include the reservations under
i tfSatfes with certain Indian tribes, and estimating
the saske at the minimum value to pay to the said
States five pier cent, thereon as in case of other sales.
"5. .By the second section of the act of 1857 the
Commissioner was required to state an account be-
tween the United States and eaohof the States upon
the same principle; that ia to say, upon the prin-
ciple that for the purpose of an account lands em-
braced by permanent Indian reservations should be
, Estimated as so much land sold at $1 26 peraoro, und
to allow and pay to eaeh State such amount as should
thus be found due."
Mr. SARGENT. I have had those con-
dlusione in the report of the Secretary of the
Interior lead for the purpose of showing that
the executive department of the Government
has the same opinion as to the proper con-
struction of the statutes as I have myself.
Now, that this is the true meaning of sec-
tion two of the act of 1857 further appears, if
other important historical facts are taken into
consideration, namely: prior to 1820 the pub-
lLo lands in Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois were
said at and abo've two dollars per acre. Since
that time also the reserved canal lanids in
Ohio, and the United States railroad sections
in Illinois, have been sold at and above $2 50
per acre. More than h&lfthe body of the land
in Ohio sold for aaah has probably realised more
than two dollars per acre, and in Indiana and
Illinois very large proportions of the land sold
for cash have realised two dollars per acre or
more. On the prices obtained the five per oerit,
has been calculated, and three fifths paid over in
money. Now, if this act of 1855 has an effect
upon the cases of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois
above what has been conceded, it would re-
quire that "all lands and permanent reserva-
tions," ia the new basis of settlement, be taken
into account $1 25 per acre," and not an acre
at any enhanced price. That basis of com-
putation would give them little or nothing at
five per cent, on the aggregate.
Again, if this act requires the reserved two
per cent, to be paid over to these States, why
does it not require the three per cent, fuuds,
the three filths, to be paid a second time?
Can any distinction be drawn between the
three fifths and the two fifths?. Is it not as
clear that the States have already had the two
fifths as that they have had the three fifths ?
