1672.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2Q&
The secgud section of the act of 1857, on a
just construction, has its relation only to the
last clause of section one of the same law.
If it has any relation to the first clause, that
relation expressly brings i*to the matter of
the settlements with Ohio, Indiana, and Illi-
nois the provisions of the respective compacts
with those StaUs and the correlative legis-
lation, and makes those compacts the basis
of a settlement ou principle, just as the sepa-
rate compacts with Alahaina and Mississippi,
and the then existing legislation of 1841 to
vary them, are brought into view in settling
their respective accounts.
In brief, the acts of 1855 and 1857 are cor-
rectly construed as additions to the body of
existing law relating severally to the cases of
the several States, and section two is not
properly construed when an effect is sought to
be given to it that would repeal and set aside
all the body of then existing law relating to
the subject-matter. And yet that is the con-
struction which is insisted upon here iu favor
of this bill.
That the act of 1855 says nothing about the
Cumberland road really has nothing to do
with the question. The United States has
never required any officer to make a statement
of the several sums advanced by Congress
against each and all these three States. The
act of 1857 requires nothing of the kind, and
should it be undertaken it would be a useless
labor. Will gentlemen tell me how these four
and a half millions of extra expenditure by the
Government on behalf of these three States,
more than it agreed in its compact with those
States to expend, is to be returned to the Treas-
ury of the United States ? An accounting would
be useless labor and expense.
The great fact that the United States had
expended far more under the compacts than
the States had a right to demand remained,
and it is as true to-day as then. And it is an
error to say that the expenditures on the
national road are or have been taken into any
account with Ohio, Indiana, or Illinois. The
two per cent, has been reserved against the
advances made, and this by authority of a
dozen or more statutes, including the com-
pacts with those States. The reservation re-
mains perpetual under the first section of the
act of September 4, 1841, and there has never
beeu enacted, and never ought to be, a law
authorizing the payment of the two per cent,
funds out of the Treasury of the United States
into the treasuries of the States now claiming
such payment.
Now, sir, the only remaining point made
in this report is that Congress has not finished
this road. Why, sir, Congress never agreed
to finish the road. I ask gentlemen to show
me the first line of an act where Congress
agreed, directly or indirectly, to finish the
road. The Cumberland road was completed
through the State of Ohio, and was probably
one of the most magnificent turnpikes ever
made in the world, not excepting the high-
ways of the Csesars. Congress generously
expended some two or three million dol-
lars for the purpose of constructing that road,
when there was not a dollar in the Treasury
charged to this two percent, fund which could
be had for the purpose.
If gentlemen say, then, that the Government
lias not fulfilled its compact, I say I have
furnished evidence that the Government has
fulfilled its compact; aud furthermore, I say
that by special statutes applying to the por-
tion of the road within the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, Congress ceded this
road to those States, and that by acts of ;
their Legislatures those States received and
accepted the national road, and some of them,
all of them for anything I know, are now col-
lecting tolls on the road. Whatever benefit
there has been has been the benefit of these
States. The Government of the Uuited States
has not derived a particle of beuefit from the
expenditures or kept back a dollar. There
are therefore no equities in favor of the three
States, and certainly nothing, as I have shown,
iu the fair construction of the law.
Now, sir, there is not one dollar of this two
per cent, remaining iu the Treasury of the
united States. Not, one dollar of that money
has been appropriated to an^r other purpose.
Not one dollar has been diverted from the
, purpose to which Congress agreed to appro-
priate it. As far as the Government is con-
cerned, all its proceedings in this matter
have been straightforward, mauly, and honor-
able.
A gentleman upon my left has asked me to
remark upon the ease of the State of Missouri
before I sit down. The State of Missouri was
admitted under an organic act similar in its
provisions in this regard to those of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois ; but by a statute passed
a number of years after this legislation of
1857, it was provided that the Treasurer of the
United States should pay the amount of two
fifths to the State for the benefit of certain
railroads after legislation had been had in
those States in behalf of those railroads. I am
asked why the same rule should not be applied
to the three States interested in this bill that
was applied to Missouri. I have two answers
to make to that question. In the first place I
, do not know that in the case of Missouri referred
to the matter was at all considered by Con-
; gress. It may be that the law was passed in
the closing hours of a session; it may have
been rushed through under such title that no
one could detect its actual purport. There
were only a few hundred thousand involved iu
that case; in this there are three times that
amount.
But I have another answer to make to the
question, and it is this: the State of Missouri
held that it was not under any interpretation
of existing law that it could claim to take the
money out of the Treasury, but that it was
necessary that there should be a special enact-
ment, a new law repealing all preceding laws,
and authorize them instead of receiving a part-
of this money in the way of expenditures by
the Government for the construction of roads
to have the whole amount paid over to them
in cash. In one sense, therefore, it was an
honest claim, in that the State of Missouri
came apparently honestly before Congress and
with open front proposed that Congress should
take the money out of the Treasury and give
it to them because they wished to devote it to
the construction of certain railroads. In this
case, oo the other hand, the pretense is that
by an interpretation of certain laws now existing
ou the statute-book, these States are entitled
to this amount. The precedent of Missouri
is against this bill, because it went on the
assumption that the act of 1857 did not give
the rights now asserted for these other States.
If it did the Missouri act was unnecessary.
But I do not understand that this bill pretends
to construe the Missouri act. If that act was
improvident, as I think it was, let us not
repeat the misUke.
| [Here the hammer fell.]
MKSSAtlK FROM TUB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sok, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had passed the bill (H. R.
No. 2255) for the relief of W. H. Kirk, with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
The message farther informed the House
that the Senate had agreed to the report of the
coromittee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R.
No. 3124) to provide for the removal of the
sunken wreek whieli now obstruets the channel-
way off Sandy Hook.
OBSTRUCTION At SANDY HOOK.
Mr. COX- We have just been informed
that the Senate have agreed to the conference
report on tne bill providing for the removal
of the sunken wreck which now obstructs the
channel-way off Sandy Hook. 1 ask that tjie
House proceed to the consideration of the . re-
port. I believe it will give rise to no debate.
The Clerk read the report of the conference
committee, as follows:
The committee of oonferenoe on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 3124)
to provide for the removal of the sunken wreck which
now obstructs the channel-way off Sandy Hook,
having met, after full and free oonferenoe, have
agreed to recommend, and do reoouimend, to their
respective Houses as follows :
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Semite to aaid bill, and agree
to the same, with the following amendment:
After the word "liability," inline three of said
amendment, insert the words " to repay such ex-
penditures and the Senate agree to the sauie,
SAMUEL SHELLABARGEiR,
0. D. CONGEE,
S. S. COX,
Manataem on the part of the House.
F. T. ERELINGHUX&BN,
A- G.THURMAN,
ROSCOE CONKLING,
l/anap«>  on the part of the Senate.
Mr. COX. I move that the report of the
committee of conference be agreed to.
The report was agreed to.
Mt. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report of the Committee of Con-
ference was agreed to ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
two per cent. fund.
The House resumed the consideration of
the joint resolution in regard to the two per
cent, fund of the States of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I yield the re-
mainder of my time to my colleague from
Indiana, JMr. Kerr.^
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, before com-
mencing my remarks I enter a motion to re-
commit the joint resolution to the Committee
on the Judiciary. I shall occupy only twenty
minutes of my time and yield the remainder
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Binwham.]
Mr. Speaker, I desire to say in reference to
this measure that when I had the honor,
during the last Congress, to be a member of
the Committee on the Judiciary, it became my
duty for the first time to investigate this sub-
ject in all its details and relations, both of
fact and law, and I endeavored to discharge
that duty with as much care, industry, and
ability as I could bestow upon it, and I sub-
mitted a report which .was the unanimous
report of the then Judiciary Committee of the
House. That report fully sustained the va-
lidity and justice of the claims of these States.
It recommended the enactment of the now
pending joint resolution. But there was not
time secured during that Congress for its con-
sideration by the House.
Since then, however, it has been referred
for further examination to the J udiciury Com-
mittee of the present House, and of that
committee my colleague [Mr. Wilsqn] is a
member. In the performance of his duty as
a member of that committee, he also sub-
mitted a report to the House on t|he subject
of this joint resolution. And I say in justice
to him and to myself that his report is much
more full and complete, much more elaborate
in the recital of the laws, than was mine. 1
therefore commend his report to the members
of the House as worthy of the utmost consid-
eration and reliance, for it is judicially fair
and discriminating.
And I want to say further, that &o far as both
those reports have gone, and so far as all the
publications made in the interests of thes>-
several States in connection with this subji ct
are concerned, they have all been exceedingly
frank and fair, without reserve, without con-
cealment, without any attempt at beggiug the
question, or evading any of its real difficulties,
or giving undue importance to any pf the facts,
or in any way misleading the judgment of the
House. We have rather invited aud desired
the amplest investigation, the most critical
analysis, and the most impartial decision.
