1230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
insurance was first made, and the sum which
it is to receive subsequently from the Treasury
of the United States from this indemnity fund,
more than the amount of the loss. The com-
pany pays the loss to the insured ; it is, for
instance, S10.000; it had originally received
$1,000 by way of war premium ; then if it re-
ceives from the Government $9,000, the nine
and the one will make the ten ; and it cannot
receive more than the premium and this
amount put together.
I believe the amendment is not rationally
open to any other construction than the one I
have suggested, but the Senator from Ohio did
state truly and precisely what the object of my
amendment was. I have argued to the Sen-
ate, and do not propose now to repeat the
argument, my reasons for supposing that the
citizens of this country who are the holders of
insurance stock are as meritorious a class of
claimants upon this fund as any others in this
country, and that they are not to be punished
because of their having embarked in a busi-
ness essential to the prosperity of the country,
and never so essential as when danger is most
imminent.
Mr. THURMAN. Does the amendment
leave in the words '' and in case of any such
allowance, &c., claim be admitted," &c., in
lines twenty, twenty-one, and twenty-two?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I misapprehended
it, and the Senator is right. I thought the
amendment struck out those words. I was
under a misapprehension. '
Mr. BAYARD. I said before that I do not
consider that we have any right to inquire into
the profits of those companies who insured
others, any more than into the profits of those
merchants who insured themselves, and it
cannot be with any substantial phase of jus-
tice that we can pay the merchant who has
been his own insurer during the war for one
case of capture when he has had so many ven-
tures resulting in large profits, all of which
were paid out of the funds of the country, and
refuse to pay the insurer who has taken other
people's risks upon his shoulders, who is equally
meritorious before the law and before the
morality of this question.
Mr. THURMAN. I merely rise to say that
although I do not think there ought to be this
deduction of the premium as proposed by the
Senator from Delaware, because I think that
that is simply changing the legal and vested
right of these companies settled by law, and
just as well settled as any law can possibly be,
yet I think that is better than the bill as it now
stands. As I cannot get what I want, I shall
try to get the next best thing. Therefore I
shall vote for the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This amendment in-
volves the same question which the Senate
seems to have decided. I do not wish to take
up time to reply to the arguments of Senators
on this subject, because we have not a great deal
of time to spare, but it is capable of demon-
stration, if Senators will look at the books,
that the law which is spoken of has not the
slightest application to the case. The very
case which the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Tnun-
man] read on Friday, of Gracie vs. The Insur-
ance Company, from 8 Johnson's Reports, de-
clares in express terms that if it be a belliger-
ent destruction instead of an illegal one, there
is not any gpes recuperandi, as the insurance
men call it. But I do not want to take up the
time of the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask fQr the yeas and
nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 26; as follows:
YJ5 AS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Cooper, Davi®!
Ferry of Connecticut. Harlan, Hill, .Yohnston Kelly'
Machen, Ransom, Saulsbury, Schurz, Stevenson'
Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, and Vickers—-18.
NAiS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Car-
penter, Chandler, Clayton, Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry
of Michigan. Flanagan, Prelmghuysen, Hamilton
of Texas, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vor-
mont, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey. Rice, Scott. Sherman,
Spencer, Stewart, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—26.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Cole, Conkling,
Cragin, Fen ton, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis, Mor-
ton, Norwood, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, .Pomcroy,
Robertson, Sawyer, Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull,
and West—29.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. If it is proper to
move to strike out that part of the bill which
was proposed to be stricken out by the Sen-
ator from Ohio and in the place thereof insert
other matter, I would make a motion to that
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) Such an amendment is
in order.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move to strike
out the words which were proposed to be
stricken out by the Senator from Ohio and
insert what I send to the Chair. I will take
no time but ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out of section twelve the following words, from
line thirteen to line twenty-two:
And no claim_ shall be admissible or allowed by
said court by or in behalf of any insurance company
or insurer, either in its or his own right, or as
assignee, or otherwise, in the right of a person or
party insured as aforesaid, unless such claimant
shall show, to the satisfaction of said court, that
during the late rebellion the sum of its or his losses,
in respect to its or his war risks, exceeded the sum
of its or his premiums or other gains upon or in
respect to such war risks; and in case of any such
allowance, the same shall not be greater than such
excess of loss.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
And in the admission or allowance of any claim
by or in behalf of any insurance company or insurer,
either in its or his own right, or asassignee or other-
wise in the right of a person or party insured, said
court shall deduct from the loss so sustained by said
insurance company or insurer the premium or other
gains received in each particular case of insurance,
so that each case shall be adjudicated upon its
merits.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to say
that this is the same proposition over again in
a wholly different form. I hope the Senate
will stand by the amendment as reported by
the committee and not agree to this, which is
exactly in substance the amendment of the
Senator from Delaware.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, there is
a class of insurance companies which does not
seem to have been considered in section twelve
of this amendment, the section under consid-
eration. I refer to the mutual insurance com-
panies. As is known, those companies are
carried on upon the principle of paying back
to the person who pays the premium in the
first place some portion and occasionally the
whole of it, in the way of dividends or earned
profits. I do not suppose that it could have
been the intention of the author of this amend-
ment to make such companies chargeable in
account with the full amount of the premiums
received where, as in many instances must be
the case, the company had paid back the whole
or the greater part of the premium to the very
person who paid it in the first place.
I do not at all agree with the principle of
the inquiry proposed by this section into the
aggregate net profits upon an account of gains
and losses in respect to' war risks, and yet
while that rs my judgment, 1 feel that the Sen-
ate has a different judgment; and therefore I
regard it as my duty to offer an amendment
which covers the point I have just suggested.
It is, after the word "premiums," ill line nine-
teen of section twelve, to insert the following:
Excluding all premiums so far as returned by way
0 'dividend or otherwise to the person or party who
originally paid the same.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California to the amendment of the commit-
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that will not be
" to.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on the Judiciary as a substitute for the ori-
ginal bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading : and was read the third time.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 80 nays 18 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham. Carpenter. Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Corbett,
Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Freling-
huysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill,
Hitchcock, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of "Vermont,
Pool, Pratt, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer. Stew-
art, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Cooper, Davis,
Hamlin, Johnston, Kelly, Machen, Rice, Saulsbury,
Schurz, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman,
Tipton. Trumbull, and Vickers—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Brownlow. Cald-
well, Cameron, Conkling, Cragin, Fenton, Ferry of
Michigan, Goldthwaite. Hamilton of Maryland,
Howe, Lewis, Logan, Morton, Norwood, Nye, Os-
born, Patterson, Pomcroy, Ramsey, Ransom, Rob-
ertson, Sumner, and West—25.
So the bill was passed.
The title was amended so as to read: "A
bill for the creation of a court for the adjudi-
cation and disposition of certain moneys re-
ceived into the Treasury, under an award made
by the tribunal of arbitration constituted by
virtue of the first article of the treaty concluded
at Washington the 8th of May, A. D. 1871,
between the United States of America and the
queen of Great Britain."
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 10, 1873.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bctler, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
bills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Baboock, one of his Secretaries,
announced that he had approved and signed
bills of the following titles:
An act (H.JR. No. 309) authorizing theSee-
retary of the Treasury to refund certain moneys
to James O. P. Burnside;
An act (H. R. No. 2509) granting a pension
to Mary E. Snively and Marilla S. Snively ;
An act (H. R. No. 3010) to authorize the
construction of eight steam vessels of war, and
for other purposes;
An act (H. R. -No. 3555) to remove the dis-
abilities of William A. Graham, a citizen of
North Carolina; and
An act (H. R. No. 3722) to remove the dis-
abilities of A. B. Hardcastle, of Mississippi.
The message also announced that the bill
(H. R. No. 2904) for the relief of George
Reber, having been received by the President
on the 25th of January last, and not having
been returned to the House within the ten days
prescribed by the Constitution, had become" a
law without his approval.
0RDF.lt OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
