1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
Mr. CONGER. I Buppose the gentleman
will allow me 
Mr. KERR. I cannot yield a moment of
my twenty minutes.
Mr. CONGER. Will the gentleman allow
me to deny his statement ?
Mr. KERR. Yes, the gentleman may deny
it; I will assume that he denies everything, for
that is his habit in resisting this measure.
Mr. CONGER. I have here a statement
which will sustain me in the denial.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, the statements
I make are fully sustained by statistics fur-
nished to me and which I believe to be cor-
rect. It appears to me most strange that
Michigan should object to this measure. At
her admission into the Union as a State she
was permitted to tax the public lands in her
limits as soon as they were entered, and to
receive the five per cent, on the proceeds of
their sales. But these States of Indiana,
Illinois, and Ohio have never received but
three per cent, of the five to which they are
entitled, and were denied the right to tax the
public lands for five years after their entry.
But I must go on. Why shall this money
which was expended in the partial construction
of the Cumberland road be charged against
these StatesT Was that road ever completed?
"But," says the gentleman from California,
" the United States never agreed to complete
it.'" 1 say to him that long prior to the act of
1820, which he read, it was distinctly under-
stood, not in pursuance of the express lan-
guage of a law, but as the resuitof all the facts
and the action of the Federal Government and
of these States, that the Uuited States would
complete the Cumberland road. The United
States did not complete that road in any of the
States except Pennsylvania, Maryland, and
Virginia They expended much money on it,
I know, and we have no desire to conceal that
fact.
The whole sum appropriated for the road east of
the Ohio, or expended in the States of Maryland,
Pennsylvania.and Virginia, amounts to $2,812,034 21
The total expenditure in Ohio  2,077,631 06
The total expenditure in Indiana  2,128,289 50
Tha total expenditure in Illinois  742,445 30
Total 16,760,400 07
Of the $2,812,034 21 expended in Maryland, Penn-
sylvania, and Virginia, there were expended on the
road, in the respective States, the following-sums:
Expended in Maryland  $880,159 11
Expended in Pennsylvania    1,791,795 05
Expended in Virginia   340,079 60
Total $2,812,034 21
It is estimated by Colonel Totten that it
would have cost to complete the road, as ori-
ginally designed and agreed to be constructed,
the following sums:
To complete in Indiana $3,144,250
To complete in Ohio    638,166
To complete in Illinois    2,448,838
To complete in Missouri  1,664,790
Making a total cost for completion of...$7,896,790
The road therefore was not half done, and
the road was abandoned and the policy of the
Government changed.
Now what did they do with that road ? Did
they charge any part of its cost to the StateB
of Maryland, Virginia, and Pennsylvania?
No; bnt in the gracious beneficence of the
Federal Government, still further evincing its
changed policy, it ceded so much of the road
as was in those three States to them respect-
ively, without any compensation whatever,
and those parts of the road cost the Federal
Government in their construction nearly
$3,000,000.
Bat he says the Federal Government ex-
pended over six millions in the three States of
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois on this same great
national highway. Yes, they did, and they
expended more there than the amount of this
two per cent., bat they did not complete the
road. And besides, it shonld never be for-
gotten, ia connection with this subject, that
those three States in pursuance of the terms
of their admission into the Union were required
to abstain from the taxing of the public lands of
the United States within their respective limits
for the period of five years after the date of
their sale to private persons. But the States
of Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Maryland did
no such thing, made no such surrender of
State revenue or jurisdiction, and yet received
their portions of this road as mere gratuities
from the United States. That surrender by
Indiana, Ohio, and Illinois was a most valuable
condition and consideration. It was carried
out in the utmost good faith by each of them.
The lands in those States which would have
beeu taxed but for this condition do not
amount to less than one hundred and twenty
million acres. The loss of taxes on that por-
tion of the public domain for five years is no
mean consideration. It amounts to many mil-
lions of dollars. The amount is not calculable
by me. The purchasers of the public lands in
those States and the United States had the
benefit of this condition. Now then, when
the public policy of our country was changed,
when the progress of civilization had brought
the country to realize that the old system of
our national improvements was a failure and
ought to be abandoned, the United States de-
termined, after full and solemn deliberation,
that they would abandon the construction of
that whole road, and they would donate it,
without charge or compensation, to those
Slates, as they had given it to Pennsylvania,
Virginia, and Maryland. Look at those apts
of cession and you will not find in one of them
one word which indicates it was the purpose
or policy of the United States to charge those
States with the cost of this road within their
borders. Nowhere do you find this policy
declared or indicated. No part of this road
was finished in Illinois, and very little was
finished in Indiana. It was more nearly fin-
ished in Ohio. Its value to those States
respectively, after the inauguration of another
and more effective system of improvements,
became comparatively nothing, and was so
considered by Congress and by the country at
large.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it ought also to be re-
membered that in the progress of the construc-
tion of this whole work, the States of Indiana,
Ohio, and Illinois were practically burdened
by conditions and requirements in part to pay
for the construction of the Cumberland road
in the other three States which lie east of
them, to wit, Virginia, Maryland, and Penn-
sylvania. What right was there in taking the
proceeds of the sale of our lands and burden-
ing us with onerous conditions in order to build
a road in those States ?
It it also shown by the account kept in the
Interior Department that the construction of
this road in the first named States, namely, Vir-
ginia, Maryland, and Pennsylvania, was three
times as much per mile as in the States of
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. The latter States
were comparatively level country, much of
them prairies, and the construction of the road
was comparatively inexpensive. But—and
this is the great point in this controversy—the
amount expended on that road in the last
named States was (no more than in the States
of Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Maryland)
never intended by the Congress of the United
States after the cession of the road to those
States, to be held against them as any obliga-
tion or debt. There was no purpose of that
kind. Then why shall it be done now?
Mr. Speaker, it is maintained by the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Sargent] that even
if we secured the enactment of a joint resolu-
tion, and these accounts were stated according
to the original purpose and intent of the law,
we will gain nothing by the enactment of this
law, because he says the officer would be com-
pelled so to construe it as to hold these three
States, which have already received more on ac-
count of lands sold within their limits, taking
into account the Indian reservations and ot.he r
lands, than the law of March 3, 1857, would
entitle them to receive. That law fixes the
price of the lands at $1 25 per acre. But he
says much of our lands were sold at higher
prices, and that we have had the benefit of
those prices to the extent of three fifths of the
reserved five per cent.
Well, now, if that construction be sound,
we do not ask that the original law of 1857
should be changed. We want to put no new
construction upon it, but we simply ask that
Congress shall now declare that it shall be
carried out, and embrace in its terms these
three States, leaving the Commissioner to con-
strue the meaning of its language as he pleases.
If he see fit to exclude these States entirely,
let him do so. We will make no objection.
We leave that part of the gentleman's con-
struction of the law to the Commissioner him-
self. I hope the House will not refuse us the
simple justice this measure proposes. It has
already been too long deferred. It can in no
event cost the Treasury over about $1,250,000.
I yield the remaining twenty minutes of my
time to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand that, by
order of the House, the previous question is
to be called at half past four.
The SPEAKERpro tempore, (Mr. Wheeler
in the chair.) That was the order of the
House.
Mr. BINGHAM. So I have understood,
and I have therefore only five minutes.
Mr. KERR. If my friend from Ohio will
yield to me for a moment, I will say that there
seems to be a misapprehension about this mat-
ter of time. Two hours were to be allowed for
debate, of which we were to have had one.
The other side has taken one hour. My col-
league [Mr. Wilson] has occupied twenty
minutes ; I have had twenty minutes, and that
should have left us twenty minutes more.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. One hour
will be allowed under the ruie for closing de-
bate after the previous question is seconded,
and that will allow the time agreed upon to
each side.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. I believe if the House
shall adjourn now this question will come up
as the regular order to-morrow.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will come
up as unfinished business immediately after
the reading of the Journal.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I hope the House
will now adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope my col-
league will go on and leave us to-morrow to
dispose of the deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon-
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC,
The following petitions, Ac., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. COBURN: The petition aud me-
morial of Mrs. Susan P. Vance, ofNew Albany,
Indiana, for relief.
By Mr. COX: Thepetition of the New York
and West India Steamship Company, for $100, -
000 per year for ten years, as a subsidy for
their line to Hayti.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Henry Savage, for compensation for
his services while acting as charg6 d'affaires
of the United States in Guatemala.
By Mr. SWANN: The memorials of Poteet
and E. S. W. Choatc, heirs of James Williams;
