1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2191
extension of the patent is not to affect the
right to continue to use the patented improve-
ment of any person who, since the 7th of
October, 1870, and prior to the approval of
the act, may have procured, and at the time
of such approval shall be using, the patented
improvement.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
REMOVAL Of DISABILITIES.
The next House bill on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 2980) to remove the disabili-
ties of J. L M. Curry, of Virginia, and others
therein named; which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest that the word "political" is omit-
ted before "disabilities " in this bill.
Mr. BO REMAN. There is one name in
Mr. STEWART. Do not object.
Mr. BOREMAN. C. G. Memminger was
secretary of the treasury of the rebel confed-
eracy.
Mr. STEWART.
Do not
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and
Let it go over.
occupy time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
railroads in the territories.
The next House bill on the Calendar was the
hill (H. R. No. 3709) granting rights of way to
railroad companies in the several Territories.
Mr. STEWART. It is too late to do any-
thing with that now ; it is too late for railroad
bills to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made, and the bill will be passed over.
bonds for payment 01' duties.
The next House bill on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 3947) to amend an act entitled
"An act to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes,'' approved July 14, 1870.
The bill was read for information. It pro
poses to amend section thirty of the act of
July 14, 1870, so that upon all importations
of sugar, molasses, pig-iron and raiiroad-iron
the amount of bond required shall only be in
a penal sum of double the amount of duties
on such articles, and upon all other importa-
tions it shall be in a penal sum equal t.o the
invoice value of the merchandise imported,
with the duties added.
Mr. CAMERON. That had better lie over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
crkek reservation.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 3923) to authorize the
President of the United States to negotiate
with the Creek Indians for a cession of a por-
tion of their reservation.
Mr. STEWART. That had better go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over. ^
teter fowlie,
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I hope the Senate will
allow the next bill to be passed.
Mr. CONKLING. Nobody has objected to
it yet.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I mean the bill at the
top of the next page on the Calendar.
Mr. CONKLING. It is a Senate bill.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. It can be passed in
the House.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well.
The bill (S. No. 1414) for the relief of Peter
Fowlie was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. By its terms the Commissioner of the
General Land Office is instructed to issue to
Peter Fowlie a patent for his preemption
claim, it being the southeast quarter of section
thirty-two, township seven north, of range ten
west of the sixth principal meridian, situate in
Adams county, Nebraska, without the pay-
ment of the usual costs and fees.
message prom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersow, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the bill (H.
R. No. 1535) to abolish the tribal relations of
the Miami Indians, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
Hoase had concurred in the report of the
committee of conference on the bill (S. No.
1391) repealing an act entitled "An act for
the relief of certain Indians in the central
superintendency," approved June 10, 1872.
The message also Announced that the House
had passed the following bills without amend-
ment:
A bill (S. No. 747) for the relief of B. H.
Randall;
A bill (S. No. 1224) for the relief of Howard
F. MofFatt;
A bill (S. No. 1305) for the extension of
time to the St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany for the completion of its roads ;
A bill (S. No. 1471) for the relief of Josiah
George Jennings; and
A bill (S. No. 1497) fixing the time of hold-
ing the fall term of the United States district
court for the district of Nebraska.
seamen's wages.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will resume the reading of House bills.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 3735) to amend the law
requiring consular officers to collect three
months' extra pay for seamen in certain cases ;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The bill proposes to amend the law
to regulate the consular system of the United
States, which requires consular officers to
collect three months' extra wages upon the
discharge of seamen, so as to permit those
officers whenever, after a full hearing of both
parties, the cause of discharge is found to be
the misconduct of the seaman,, to remit so
much of the extra wages as is now by law paid
to the seaman discharged, if relief can imme-
diately be afforded to such seaman by reship-
ment without expense to the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
bridge at tan buren, arkansas.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 3948) authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Arkansas river
at Van Buren, Arkansas.
Mr. WEST. I understood the Senator from
Arkansas to object to the passage of that bill,
and in his name I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
bureau of statistics.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 3950) to prescribe the
duties of the chief of the Bureau of Statistics,
reported adversely from the Committee on
Commerce.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
executive business.
Mr. CHANDLER. There is a large amount
of executive business. ["No I" "No!"]
Mr. CONKLING. Now, I beg my friend
not to interpose a motion now. Let us go
on with these little bills. There will never be
a better time. We shall have an executive
session presently.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well. I withdraw
the motion now.
north carolina collection district.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 1804) to amend an act en-
titled "An act relative to collection districts
in North Carolina," approved February 25,
1867, reported from the Committee on Com-
merce with an amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. There is an amendment
to that bill and it is no use acting on it.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
soldiers' bounty lands.
The next House bill on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 1665) to enable honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors, their widows and
orphan children, to acquire homesteads on the
public lands of the United States, reported
adversely from the Committee on Public
Lands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
wjll be passed over.
george henry preble.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine,
the Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 1444) to authorize the President
to appoint George Henry Preble, now a cap-
tain on the active list of the NaVy, to be a
commodore.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, it
was
Resolved, That the Senate disagree to the amend-
ment of the House to the said bill, and ask a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vioo President.
Mr. Cragin, Mr. Morrill of Maine, and
Mr. Stocktos were appointed the conferees
on the part of the Senate.
contracts with indians.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 3953) relative to private
contracts or agreements made with the In-
dians ; which was read for information.
Mr. CAMERON. Let that lie over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
disabilities of r. m. t. hunter.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 3844) to remove the disa-
bilities imposed by the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States from
Robert M. T. Hunter, of Virginia.
Mr. CONKLING. I think that had better
lie over,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
norman' wiard.
The next House bill on the Calendar was the
bill (IT. R. No. 334) for the relief of Norman
Wiard.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let that go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made, and the bill will be passed over.
utah northern railway.
The next House bill on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 1158) granting the right of way
through the public lands to the Utah North-
ern Railroad Company.
Mr. STEWART. Let that lie over. We
cannot pass any railroad bills now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask the Senate to have
House bill No. 1158 read. I do not think
there will be any objection. There are forty
miles of this railroad under contract. All
that is required is a grant of the right of way.
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw my objection.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
homestead settlers.
The next House bill on the Calendar was the
