1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1238
Braxton, Buffinton, Burchard, Benjamin F. Butler,
Caldwell, Coimngo, Cox, Crcbs, Critchcr, Crossland,
Dox, Eldredge, Ely. Farnbworth. Garrett, Gerz, Gol-
lnday, Hambleton, Handley, JahnT. Harris, Joseph
R. Hawley, Hay, Hereford. Kerr, Kilhnger, Lam-
ison, Leach, Lewis, Maclntvrc. Manson, Marshall,
McClelland. Mo,Henry, MclCinney. MoNcely, Mer-
rick. Negley,. William B. Nibiack, Pricc, Kinney,
Randall, John M. Rice, Robinson, Roosevelt, Sher-
wood, Slater, Sloss, Speer, Stevens, Storm, Terry,
TufcbiU, Tyner, Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddell,
Warren, Wood, and Young—67.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Banks, Biggs, Austin
Blair, Boarman, Brooks. Bunnell, Campbell. Car-
roll, Clarke, Creely, Davis, Dickey, DuBose, Duke,
Forker, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Grif-
fith, Hale, Ilalsey, Hanks, Havens, JohnW. Hazel-
ton, Hill. Holman, King. Kinsella, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Moore, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Silas L.
Nibiack, Hosea W. Parker, Read, William R. Rob-
erts, Rusk, Seeley, Shober, Slocum, Worthington C.
Smith, Snapp, Stevenson, Sutherland, Swann, Taffe,
Thomas, Dwight Townsend,, Voorhees Whitthorno,
Williams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
Winchester—53.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the motion to fiuspend the rules and pass the
bill was not agreed to.
agricultural colleges, etc.
Mr, PERCE. I move to suspend the rules
so as to take from the Speaker's table and
pass, with ail amendment in the nature of a
substitute, the bill (S. No. 693) to provide for
the further endowment and support of colleges
for the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic
arts, and the liberal and practical education
of the industrial classes in the several pursuits
and professions in life, as established under an
act of Congress approved July 2, 1862.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I hope the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Perce] will
modify his motion so as to provide simply for
taking up the bill for consideration.
Mr. SPEER. The bill is too important to
be passed without debate, under a suspension
of the rules.
The proposed substitute of Mr. Perce was
read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following:
That for th© more complete endowment and sup-
port of colleges established under the provisions of
an act of Congress approved July 2, 1862, entitled
"An act donating public lands to the several States
and Territories which may provide colleges for the
•benefit of agriculture and-the mechanic arts" there
is hereby appropriated to each State in which such
colleges havo been or, within five years from'the
passage of this act. maybe put into actual operation,
aod to the district of Columbia, a part of the pro-
ceeds of the sales of public lands, to be distributed
insuch amounts and in such payments as are herein-
after provided for, and on such conditions as to the
application and management of the sum hereby ap-
propriated as are proscribed in the act hereinafter
mentioned.
Sec. 2. That whenever the Secretary of the In-
terior shall have the certificate of the Governor of
any State, or other satisfactory evidence, that such
college or colleges has or have been duly established
in such State, as provided for in the act of Congress
heretofore mentioned, it shall be the duty of the said
Secretary of the Interior to certify the fact to the
Secretary of the Treasury, and also to the trustees^or
other board of managers, having the lawful financial
control of said college or colleges. And thereupon it
shall be the duty of the said Secretary Of the Treas-
ury upon the application of said trustees, or said
board of managers, to issue to them a certificate
setting forth that said trustees or managers are en-
titled to one equal share of the amount provided tor
in this act; or if more than one college has been
heretofore established in any State, then 10 the
trustees or managers of each of said colleges, that
they are entitled to such part of said share as would
be in proportion to the amount heretofore by them
received under the provisions of the act of Congress
mentioned in the first section of tins act. #
Sbo.3. That on the 1st day of July, 1873, and in
each year thereafter, it shall be the duty of the bee-
rs! arv of the Treasury to ascertain the amount ot
sales of the public lands for the preceding fiscal
year, and, after deducting the expenses incurred by
such sales, to invest one fourth of the same in out-
standing United States registered bonds, having the
longest time to run, bearing five per cent, interest
per annum, payable semi-annually; or^ at his dis-
cretion, he may issue such bonds, retaining the
money therefor in the Treasury, to such college or
colleges, giving to each State and to said District,
from time to time, the ecmal share to wtnch it may
be justly entitled, excluding fractions of less tnan
$1,000. And all such bonds shall bo kept m the cus-
tody of the Treasurer of toe United States, who
shall semi-annually pay to the trustees or board ot
managers, as hereinbefore described, the interest
thereupon due. Itbhall farther be the duty ot the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay over each year to
the trustees or boards of managers, hereinbefore de-
scribed, an additional quarter of the proceeds ot tne
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 78.
sales of public lands for the preceding fiscal year,
apportioning to each State and to the said District
an equal share: Provided, That in no caso shall the
total appropriation under this act to such college, or
colleges, or instiution, in any one State, or in said
District, exccedin any single year the sum of $50,000.
And it is further provided that the sharaallotted to
the said District of Columbia shall be appropriated
to the Smithsonian Institution, to be expended under
the direction of the Board of Regents of said Insti-
tution, for the support of the national museum, and
in distributing specimens and publications to the
colleges named in this act and to other institutions.
Sec. 4. That when any bonds, as aforesaid, shall
mature and be paid, it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to reinvest the samo amount
for the benefit of any college or colleges entitled to
the same, by the purchase of other and similar out-
standing United States bonds; or, at his discretion,
to issue new bonds, as hereinbefore described : Pro-
vided, That if it shall at any time be made to appear
to the Secretary of the Interior, by unequivocal evi-
dence, that any State, or the said District, has not in
good faith substantio.lly complied with the provis-
ions of the act named in the first section of this act
as to the uses, objects, and purposes therein con-
templated, ho shall at once duly notify the Treas-
urer of the United States, whoshall thereafter with-
hold the payment of any interest which may have
accrued or accrue to any college or colleges in such
State or said District until such time as the said
Secretary of the Interior shall be satisfied as to the
compliance with the provisions of said act, and
shall so notify the Treasurer aforesaid: Provided
further, That the fund created under this act, and
the act heretofore mentioned, shall be appropriated
to such college or colleges fis has or have been already
established in any State. And where no such college
has yet been established said funds shall be appro-
priated to the endowment and support of one col-
lege only in any State.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules, so as to amend this bill.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order while
the present motion is pending.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What I
propose is part of the same subject-matter.
The SPEAKER. That may be; but the
motion is not in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask,
then, that my proposition be read.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Perce] yield for that purpose ?
Mr. PERCE. No, sir.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
hope the people's money will not be taken to
endow colleges in the manner here proposed.
Mr. PERCE. I ask five minutes to explain
the pending measure.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
unless debate be allowed on the other side.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Perce, to suspend the rules and pass the
bill in the form ofthe proposed substitute, there
were—ayes eighty-three, noes not counted.
Mr. PERCE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 119, nays 82, not voting 39; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Avorill, Banks, Barnum,
Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck, Bigby, Biggs,
James G. Blair, Braxton, Buckley, Bunnell, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Caldwell, Cobb, Comingo, Conger,
Cotton, Critcher, Crocker, Darrall, Dawes, Dox, Du-
Bose, Duell,Duke, DunnelLEamos, Ely, Lsty, Irye,
Garfield, Garrett, Giddings.Golladay, Goodrich, Hale,
Ilalsey, Hancock, Handley, Harmer, Harper, George
E. Harris, John T. Harris, Joseph It. Hawley, Gerry
W. Hazelton, Hereford, Ilerndon, Hill. Hoar, Kolley,
Kellogg, Kendall, Kctchara, King, Lnmport, Lan-
sing, Leach, Lowo, Lynch,Maclntyre, Manson. May-
nard, MeCraiy, McGrew, McHcnry, Mokee, Mitch-
ell, Moore, Morey, Negley, Silas L. Nibiack, Orr,
Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton. Pcrcc,.Peters,
Piatt, Poland, Porter, Price,Ritchie,EllisII. Roberts,
Sion.H. Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk Sawyer, Scofce d,
Sessions, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shober, blater, blo-
cum, Sloss, H.Boardman Smith, John A. Smith. Sny-
der, Sfarkweather, Stoughton, Stow ell, Terry, Wash-
ington Townsoud, Twichell, Upson, Van frump,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Wakeman, Walden,
Waldron, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, John
T. Wilson, and Young—119.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Arthur,
Barber, Barry, Beatty, Boll, Bingham, Bird. Boles,
Buffinton, Burchard, Benjamin 1<. Butler, Carroll,
Clarke, Coburn, Cox, Crebs, Crossland, Davis, Dodds,
Donnan, Eldredge, Elliott, Farnsworth. Jnnkeln-
burg, Charles Foster, Getz, Ilaldcman, John B. Jiuw-
loy. Hay, Hays, Ilibbard, Holman, Houghton, Kerr,
Killinger, Lamison. Marshall, McClelland, McCor-
mick, McJunkm, M-Kinney, MoNeely, Mcrnam,
Mornok, Monroe, Morgan, Morphis, William K
Nibiack, Packard, packer Hosea W. Parker, Peck,
Perry Prindle, Rainey, Randall, Read, Ldward \.
Rice, John M. Rice, Robinson, John Rogers, bar-
gent,Shanks, Sherwood, Shoemaker, bpeer, bprague,
Stevens, Stevenson. Storm, Turner, Tuthill. Tyner,
Wallace. Warren, Williams of Indiana, Williams
of N«\v York. Winchester, andWood—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Austin jjlair, Boar-
man, Bright, Brooks. Burdett, Campbell, Cosrhlan,
Connor, Crccly, Dickey, Harwell, Furkcr. Henry D.
Foster, Wilder J). Poster. Griffith. Hambleton,
Hanks, Havens, John W. Hazelton, Hooper. Kin-
sella, Lewis, Benjamin F. Meyers, Leonard Myers,
Potter, William R. Roberts, Seeley, Worthington
0. Smith, Snapp, St. John. Sutherland, Swann, Sy-
pher. Taffe, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Whitthorne,
and Jeremiah M. Wilson—39.
So (two thirds not having voted in the
affirmative) the rules were not suspended.
vienna exposition,
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of privilege, and offer a resolution
providing for the correction of some errors in
the message sent to the Senate from the House
on the Vienna exposition bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
Retolmd, That the message of the House to the
Senate on the 23d of January, 1873, acquainting the
Senate with the action of the House on the amend-
ments of the Senate to the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 170) in relation to the Vienna exposition, be
corrected as follows:
In line on'e, after thearticlo"the,"whcreitoceurs
thesocond time, insert the word "second; "so it will
read: "second, third, fourth, and fifth amendments."
Strike out all after " seventy-three," in the fifth
line, to the end of the sixth line.
There was no objection; and the resolution
was adopted.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
salalty of president, ktc.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker. I desire to submit a motion for sus-
pension of the rules in reference to a bill to
adjust the salaries of the executive, judicial,
and legislative departments of the Govern-
ment, which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Unsolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
be, and is hereby, directed to include in the miscel-
laneous appropriation bill, for the consideration of
the Committee of the Whole House, as .a part
thereof, the following bill (H. R. No. 3852) reported
from the Committoe on the Judiciary, February 7.
1873, to adjust the salaries of the executive, judi-
cial, and legislative departments ofthe Government.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to suspend the rules for the purpose of adding
what is stated in that motion, so the question
may be brought up for consideration in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, where every man can express his opin-
ion on the subject.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before we vote
I should like to have that bill read.
Mr. POTTER. I understand it is to be
brought up for consideration in the Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes; and not for final
action at this time.
The bill, which was read, provides that on and
afterthe 4th of March, 1873, tbe President of the
United States shall receive for his services
during the term for which he shall have been
elected $50,000 per annum in full for his ser-
vices, to be paid quarterly at the Treasury; the
Vice President of the United^ States shall also
receive for his services during the term for
which he shall have been elected $10,000 per
annum in full for his services, to be paid
quarterly at the Treasury; and the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States shall receive $10,500 per annum, and
the justices of the Supreme Court, of the
United States shall receive $10,000 per annum
each, to bo paid quarterly at the Treasury ;
the Secretary of State, the Secretary of tbe
Treasury, the Secretary of War, the Secretary
of the Navy, the Secretary of the Interior, the
Attorney General, and the Postmaster Gen-
eral shall receive $10,000 per annum each for
their services; and the Speaker ot the House
11 of Representatives shall receive compensation
ii at the rate of $10,000 per annum, and Sea-
