270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
attention, and labor bestowed upon the sub-
ject. It had several meetings, examined a
good many papers, went over the whole his-
tory of this subject from the beginning, aud
made a report at much length setting forth all
the facts which we thoughtliad a bearing upon
the merit* of the bill. Among other matters
we succeeded in recovering from the proper
Department the supplemental treaty, of much
importance in regard to this subject, which I
believe, by some means or other unknown to
the committee, was not published initsproper
place in the statute-book. The original error,
undoubtedly, was with Congress in permitting
any officer of the Government to have adiscre-
tiou which enabled him to sell eight hundred
thousand acres of excellent land in one body to
any one purchaser ; and if the United States
have to pay for that mistake it is much better
that the United States should pay than that
the men who, believing in the theory of the
public land system, and believing especially in
that part of it which declares that it is settle-
ment alone which gives the lands any value,
should be made to suffer.
The very first question we investigated was
whether this great body of people could show
that they had acted in reasonable good faith
in occupying these lands originally. I became
satisfied on that point. I do not hesitate to
say that the facts before us showed that this
large body of our own people did act sub-
stantially in good faith and with a fairground
for the belief that their legal rights as setlers
there would be ultimately sustained. If they
have erred, they erred in excellent company ;
they erred in company with two different
Houses of Representatives in Congress upon
two different occasions, when resolutions were
passed by great votes sustaining the right of
the settlers upon this large tract of land. If
they erred, they erred in company with Mr.
Buchanan during his Presidency, and Mr.
Johnson during his Presidency, each of whom
sent messages to the settlers encouraging
them to remaiu there, and assuring them thai
their rights would ultimately be protected.
I shall not occupy time in going over a great
many other grounds that I might mention.
The sum of the whole matter is that all the
members of the committee who were present
(and we had a majority acting at all times on
the subject) were satisfied unanimously that
these people should be relieved. The only
question was as to the extent of it.
It is true that the bill proposes to give to
these settlers twice as much land as they
would have received had their claim been
ultimately sustained in the courts. There
seemed to be, as I thought, excellent reasons,
however, for that course. They can hardly
expect to find anywhere in any accessible dis-
trict any considerable body of land equal in
quality to that which they are obliged to give
up. In the next place, we understood that
this settlement of twenty thousand to twenty-
five thousand people was rather conspicuoas
among the border settlements for the general
good character of the improvements, espe-
cially in respect of gardens aud orchards. If
these people are to be relieved at all, tbey
should be made as nearly whole as possible.
To do that, it seemed tome there was no other
way than to allow them to take double the
quantity of land elsewhere as compared to the
quantity of land which they now hold.
I do not think it is worth while for us in the
administration of this great domain to be too
technical in dealing with the only element
which gives these lands any value—I speak of
the settlers. I am sure these men were a great
deal better than mere squatters. I should be
sorry to think that any thriving, industrious,
progressive community of twenty-five thousand
Americans could be justly charged" with the
meanness and the falsehood of what is under-
stood by the term "squatting."
These people are nothing to me any more
than they are to any Senator in this body;
but they are American citizens; they come
before us asking that the idea and the object
of the land system of the United States shall
not become a failure and a delusion in their
case. I confess, sir, that I had no hesitation
whatever in reporting this bill, and I have none
in urging it upon the favorable consideration
of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont asks for the yeas and nays on
agreeing to his amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I am not opposed
to this bill, but I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands whether
it covers land in any State ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; these particular
persons can enter lands in any .land office of the
United States; they cannot assign their right
to anybody else, but these particular persons
under this bill can enter in any land office of
the United States.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I desire to call
the attention of the Senator to the fact that
in the State of Michigan, under a law passed,
at the last session, the limitation of time has
now expired, six months under that statute,
within which certain Indians were directed to
make selections ; but on account of a misap-
prehension or negligence they have been
deprived of the opportunity of making those
selections, and under this statute I fear that
they may be deprived of finally making the
selections which are justly their due. I would
desire, lest this might be the case, to except
the State of Michigan from entries under this
bill. There are reservations there of Indian
lands, and I would not willingly expose those
to entry by other Indians who are not really
entitled.
Mr. POMEROY. This is not a case of
Indian entry. It is a case of white settlers.
There are no white Bettlers who will go from
my State to Michigan to enter any lands.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. By the provis-
ions of the statute to which I allude, I would
answer the Senator that those lands are open
tn all aqHIova
Mr. POMEROY. Nobody will go from
Kansas to take any land under this bill in
Michigan. This right cannot be assigned.
These individual families can take, as they
iutend to do, in the western part of my State
settlement by themselves of a half section of
laud apiece. That is all there is in it.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. The statute
provides that the lands to which I have re-
ferred shall be returned to market after the
expiration of six months, by order of the Sec-
retary of the Interior. If that order is made,
what is to prevent these settlers from coming
into the State of Michigan and making these
selections? I am unwilling to expose those
lands to general entry, thus cutting off the
rights of Indians who, by no fault of theirs,
have been deprived of the opportunity of
making their just settlement. If the Senator
will provide against that, I am in favor of his
bill, or if he will allow me to amend it, I will
move an amendment to except the State of
Michigan from its operation. I am not dis-
posed to travel beyond the boundaries of my
own States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment will be in order after the pending amend-
ment shall be disposed of. The question now
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope I should be the last
Senator in this body who would deal uujustly
or harshly by any of the citizens of any of the
States or Territories. But from the discussion
of this matter and the facts which are pre-
sented, it seems to me that we are doing a gross
injustice if we pass this bill in its present form.
I notice now the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs in his seat; he was not in it
at the commencement of the discussion. I
should be glad, wanting more information than
I possess, if that honorable Senator would give
it to me. I think it is true that there is no
Indian reservation in any of the States or Ter-
ritories where there is not a concentrated effort
on the part of the population all around it to
compress, to steal land away from it by every
process in the world. I know some such cases ;
but my colleague has very much more inform-
ation upon that subject thau 1 have.
This bill starts out with the proposition that
these men went on to this land ; I will not call
them squatters ; I will not call them anything.
They went there. The courts have decided
that they had no legal right to go there. I
take that statement just as it is. Now, you
propose by this bill, in consideration that the
courts have decided that they had no right to
go there, to declare that they may go else
where and take double the quantity of land
they would have had if they had remained
there, and had a right to remain there. More
than that, the father or the mother who took
one hundred and sixty acres of land there
twelve years ago, as my friend from Kansas
tells us—I think he says many of them have
been there for twelve years—had minor chil-
dren. The lands were all taken up, and now
this bill provides that all those minor children
who are now of age may take double the
quantity of land which they would get there,
is that right ? Let me illustrate. The hon-
orable Senator himself took a lot of that land;
he had two or three minor children, boys, and
they have subsequently become twenty-one
years old. They could not takeadjacent lands
because they were taken by others.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator desires to
be correct I know.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do.
Mr. POMEROY. This will apply only to
those persons who took claims themselves.
It does not allow their children to take claims.
The bill reads:
Every person being the head of family, or a
widow, or a single person over the ace of twenty-one
yean, and being a citisen of the United States, or
having filed his declaration of intention to become
a citizen, and who at any time since August 11,1866,
has been a settler on the Cherokee neutral lands
in Kansas, &e.
Mr. HAMLIN. Precisely.
Mr. POMEROY. That is, he must himself
have taken a claim.
Mr. HAMLIN. It does not say so. I beg
the Senator's pardon; it says no such thing. I
think a man who makes his home in a locality,
even if he lives with his father, is a settler
there within the eye of the law, and the Sen-
ator's construction of the language is not that
which would be given to it.
Mr. POMEROY. The settler has to file his
claim.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the language here used
was " settlers within the terms and provisions
of the law requiring a settlement under the
homestead act," the Senator's construction
might be, and probably wonld be, right; but
such is not the language of the bill. I say it
would apply in my judgment to all persons,
heads of families, widows, or single persons,
over the age of twenty-one, if they were set-
tled there, not where they owned asettliug lot
under the homestead law. I do not think
that is the meaning of the bill, and it therefore
embraces much more, if my construction be
right, than the Senator designs it to cover.
But why should we double the quantity of
land ? These persons were trespassers by
the decision of the court. Is it not a doubtful
question whether we should give to a man
who is a trespasser an equal quantity of land
elsewhere ? But I wonld do that, nnd yet it
is a question which might fairly be discussed
whether it is not in contravention of good
morals to give an equal quantity of land to a
man who took up land as a trespasser. There
may be, and probably are, mitigating ciroum-
