1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
stances in relation to it connected with the
actual conduct of the administration of the
Government; but it seems to me we deal
fairly, justly, and liberally by these settlers
when we concede to them an equal quantity
of lauds elsewhere.
Mr. POMEROY. They can take that under
the homestead law, as it now is.
Mr. HAMLIN. They may take that else-
where, the Senator says. True; but under
the provisions of this bill they count the time
elsewhere which they have occupied here, aad
that is the equity which certainly we give to
them. I would, I hope, be the last person
here to deal unjustly ; but if we now pass the
bill as it stands,hereafter I do believe from
every Indian reservation within every State
and Territory you will have individuals com-
ing here with the same declaration, with the
same professions of good faith, and asking you
to double the quantity of lands which they
sought to secure from the Indian tribes be-
cause it is subsequently proven that they were
not entitled to enter, and you will establish a
precedent that will bring mischief in its re-
sults. In passing the bill as it now stands I
think Congress will commit an error, an error
from which we shall all see in the future evil
results following. For these reasons I certainly
cannot vote for it. I shall vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont, and if
that is agreed to, will then vote for the bill.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, I sym-
pathize with the settlers. I have lived for
about thirty years in a State where, unlike any
other in this Union, the public domain is
owned by the State, and upon various occa-
sions such questions as this have arisen there.
I am familiar with them, and my course in
voting now for the grant contemplated in this
bill will only be such as I have always pur-
sued.
. It seems to me, sir, there is one slight con-
sideration, to say the least of it, that may very
well be looked to in our action upon this bill.
This is no direct gift on the part of the Gov-
ernment to these occupants who are found
now, if you please, upon lands that have been
reserved, who are trespassers or occupants in
good faith; but the fact is developed that
wherever they have improved the land they
have regularly paid their taxes to the Govern-
ment. Thereby they have been paying reve-
nue regularly to the Government, and the
Government will be no loser even looking at
the value of the land at $1 25 per acre, for
they have paid much toward realizing that
price. If it is said that the Government of
the United States is not now ready to give
these settlers, its own citizens, an opportunity
to go elsewhere and to work there again as
they have been doing here, I would simply
invite them to go down to Texas, and there our
statutes, nay, the fundamental law of the State,
will give each of them three hundred and
twenty acres, and we shall be glad to have
them. It is the policy of this great Govern-
ment to settle up the public domain, and it
loses nothing by so doing. These men have
been paying taxes, and they will continue to
do so.
Sir, I shall vote for the bill and against the
amendment. You may call it a dangerous
precedent if you like, but whenever such a
case presents itself while I have the honor to
occupy a seat here, I shall boldly vote for it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will call the roll on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. PRATT. I was not in at the time the
Senator from Vermont offered the amendment
and I should like the Secretary to report it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely
desire to say that according to the statement
of the Senator from Kansas there are about
four or five thousand of these settlers there as
beads of families. If there are no more than
five thousand, it would amount under the pro-
vision here giving them a half section, to six-
teen hundred thousand acres. If the mem-
bers of the family are to come in also, it may
be about three or four times that amount.
Mr. CALDWELL. Mr. President, I was
not in the Chamber when this bill was called
up, and I do not wish now to take up the time
of the Senate in discussing it. I have very
little to say in regard to it, after listening to my
honorable friend from Texas, who I think has
spoken wetland favorably of the measure, with
the exception that he has thrown out a bid to
our citizens of Kansas to go down to Texas
and settle. I desire to take issue with him
upon that point. I do not think the citi-
zens of Kansas are ready to leave the State of
Kansas and go to Texas.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Then will the
Senator confine the choice of these lands to
the State of Kansas? If so, I will heartily
support the bill.
Mr. CALDWELL. I think there is no
necessity for that, for I do not believe these
citizens of Kansas will go to Texas or even to
Michigan.
But, Mr. President, I desire to say that the
settlers upon these lands were there before the
lands were sold to Mr. Joy. They went there
in good faith. They went there at a time
when it required pluck and energy to go so far
to the West in advance of railroads and civiliza-
tion. They settled there for the purpose of
making homes. They cultivated the soil;
they built fences ; they erected houses ; they
planted orchards ; and to-day many of those
settlers, to my personal knowledge, have well-
improved farms, the result of their own labor
ana their own energy.
Now, sir, by a recent decision of the Su-
preme Court these settlers are told that they
have no rights there, and after having spent
ten or twelve years of their lives on this land
they are required to abandon their homes, and
to be turned out, as it were, into the wilder-
ness with no place to shelter them. I do not
think that is exactly just. I think these men
are entitled to some consideration. It is true
by the law they are adjudged to be trespassers;
but they did not know that at the time they
made their settlement, and if I am not very
much mistaken, bv some rulings of the Inte-
rior Department they were encouraged to go
and settle there, and were given to understand
that they would be protected in their homes.
I think under all these circumstances these
men are entitled to some consideration. I do
not care about the danger of this precedent.
I am ready at any time, whenever a case of
this kind arises, to vote upon it and decide it
upon its merits; and I do not intend to do
injustice to these men now under the fear that
we may establish a dangerous precedent. As
my worthy friend from Texas has said, these
men have been paying taxes to the Govern-
ment. They have been making their homes
there, and I think now if they are required to
leave them, to abandon their fields, to abandon
their orchards, we should be sufficiently gen-
erous and magnanimous to say to them, "You
may go elsewhere and take three hundred and
twenty acres of the land of the United States
and begin anew to baild homes." I am in
favor of the bill as an act of justice to these
early settlers of Kansas. I hope Senators
will reflect upon the injustice they are doing
to these men by turning them out now after
having spent ten or twelve years in cultivating
the land and making homes in that State. I
trust the bill will pass without any amendment.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I desire to ask the
honorable Senator from Vermont who offered
this amendment whether, if the amendment be
adopted, it will not give to these settlers the
same amount of land that they settled upon in
Kansas?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Precisely,
as I understand it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I shall vote for
the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 23 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Carpen-
ter, Davis, Hamlin, Hill, Johnston, Ivolly, Morrill of
Vermont, Norwood, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sher-
man, Vickers, and Windorn—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Caldwoll, Cameron, Cas-
serly, Cooper, Corbet t, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Gilbert, Harlan, Lewij, Logan, Machen,
Osborn, Pomeroy. Pratt, Ramsey, Ransom, Schurz,
Stevenson, Stewart, and Wost—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Boreman,
Brownlow, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Ed-
munds, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Frelinghuy-
sen. Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton
of Texas, Hitohcoek, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pool, Rice, Sawyer,
Scott, Spencer, Sprague, Stockton, Suioner, Thur -
man, Tipton, Trumbull, Wilson, and Wright—36.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I now offer my
amendment to insert in line sixteen, after the
word " lands," the words " except within the
State of Michigan." I make that exception
in behalf of the State of Michigan on account
of the peculiarity of the law to which I referred
a few moments ago.
Mr. POMEROY. I presume there is no
objection to that; nobody wants to go to
Michigan. [Laughter.]
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I do not wish
to confine it there. My preference would be
to confine the operation of the bill to the State
of Kansas, more particularly since the col-
league of the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands stated that he is opposed to em-
igration going from his State to others.
But I wish to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the facts in this case. Under the
treaty of 1855 the Indians in the State of
Michigan were permitted to make choice of
lands within reservations, and making that
choice certificates of choice were issued by the
Secretary of the Interior.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
ask the Senator from Michigan to suspend.
The morning hour has expired and the French
spoliation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY, I should like to have a
vote on this bill.
Mr. STEVENSON rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Stevenson] has risen in
pursuance of notice heretofore given, and the
Chair has called up the French spoliation bill
so that it shall not lose its place as the unfin-
ished business. If the Senator from Kentucky
will suspend for a moment, some arrangement
may perhaps be made by unanimous consent.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask the Senator to give
way to allow me to introduce a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Kentucky give way to routine busi-
Mr. STEVENSON. Yes, sir.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CAMERON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1273) to incorporate the Little Cotton-
wood Railroad Company; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN. I have been requested by
the Secretary of the Interior to present a bill;
and I therefore request leave to introduce it
without previous notice.
. There being no objection leave wasgranted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 1274) to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to negotiate with the
Creek Indians for the cession of a portion of
their reservation occupied by friendly Indians ;
which was read twice by it tittle, referred to
the "Committee on Indian Affairs, with accom-
panying papers, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1275) to secure a more
efficient and honest administration of Indian
affairs; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I simply wish
to say that I introduce this bill at the request
of another, it not being original with myself.
