1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1281;
tleman from Maryland, who desires to bring
a matter before the House which will probably
not give rise to "discussion.
Mr. RITCHIE. I desire to report from the
Committee on the Public Lands a bill to au-
thorize the President to ascertain the value of
certain lands in the State of Iowa north of
the Raccoon fork of the Des Moines river,
held by settlers under the preemption and
homestead laws of the United States.
The bill was read for information. It
authorizes the President of the United States
to appoint three commissioners who shallascer-
tain the number of acres and by appraisement
or otherwise the value thereof, exclusive of
improvements, of all such lands lying north
of the Raccoon fork of the Des Moines river,
in the State of Iowa, which may now be held
by the Des Moines Navigation and Railroad
Company, and by persons holding under them,
adversely to persons there by entry or under
the preemption or homestead laws of the
United States, and on what terms the adverse
holders thereof will relinquish the same to the
United States, and that they report the facts at
the next session of Congress, and that nothing
in this act shall be held to affect in any man-
ner the question of title to any of these lands.
The second section provides that the pay of
the commissioners shall be eight dollars per
day during the time they shall be engaged.
Mr. AMBLER. How does this bill come
before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is reported by the gen-
tleman from Maryland, from the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
against all commission.
Mr. STEVENSON. What is the motion?
The SPEAKER. To suspend the rules and
pass the bill.
Mr. RITCHIE. I have reported the bill
now to gratify the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Ork,] who brought the matter before the com-
mittee. It has been considered by the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and has been
favorably acted upon. The session is drawing
rapidly to a close, and as the constituents of
the gentleman from Iowa are interested in this
measure, I have consented to aid him in bring-
ing it before the House. I can explain it in a
moment.
August8,1846, (9Stats., pp. 77-8,) Congress
granted to Iowa the alternate odd-numbered
sections of land within five miles of the Des
Moines river in that State to aid in improving
the navigation of the river. The State let
the work to the Des Moines Navigation and
Railroad Company, and turned over the land
granted for the improvement.
It was not believed that the grant extended
above Raccoon fork of the river, and in 1848
the lands above the fork were_ brought into
market. The public- sale was in Noveriiber,
1848, but a question as to the extension of the
grant arising, the President ordered the odd
sections to be withheld. In the mean time
many preemptors had entered their land at
private entrv and have received their patents.
In March," 1849, Mr. Walker, Secretary of
Treasury, ruled that the grant extended above
Raccoon fork to the north line of the State.
The following year, Mr. Bwing, Secretary of
the Interior, ruled that the grant did not ex-
tend above Raccoon fork, and again the fol-
lowing year (1851) his successor, Mr. Stewart,
ruled the other way, and the lands m the odd
sections above Raccoon fork were in that year
listed as belonging to the grant. However, in
1856, Mr. McClellan, Secretary of the Inte-
rior, held that the grant extended only to Rac-
coon fork. „ , , I, •, i
In 1859 the Supreme Court of tne United
States held that the grant extended only to
Raccoon fork. (Litchfield V3. D. and f-V-
railroad, 23 Howard, p. CO.) In Inarch, 1801,
(12 Stat., p. 251,) Congress, by joint resolution,
released the lands to the State, and in 1862
(12 Stat., p. 543) it extended to the north line
of the State, but in neither case was there any
reservation of the lands taken under the pre-
emption laws and sold by the United States,
manj preemptions and homesteads being made
and patents issued after the decision in 23
Howard, p. 06.
In December, 1869, in case of William B.
Welles vs. Hannah Riley, the Supreme Court
of the United States held that the legislation
of 1861 and 1862 passed title to the State, and
through it to Ruff, who was a grantee of the
improvement company, and the defendant,
who held a patent from the United States, was
put out of possession and her patent canceled,
(case not reported that I can find,) thus de-
ciding against all persons claiming under the
United States adversely to the improvement
grant.
The policy of the Government has been to
protect its purchasers, and Congress has fre-
quently acted in such matters. In the Missis-
sippi case in 1814 (3 Stat., p. 116) and in the
Ohio case in 1824 (4 Stat., p. 405) similar in-
vestigations were made. The Ohio case does
not differ in any essential fact from the one
under consideration.
I will yield now for a moment to the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Okr.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. Does the gentleman
think that a decision of this question can be
made by three commissioners?
Mr. SPEER. Is this bill in the interest
of settlers or of railroads?
Mr. RITCHIE. In the interest of settlers.
Mr. ORR. I ask permission to make a
brief statement.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I obect to further
debate.
The question was then taken; and (two
thirds voting in favor thereof,) the rules were
suspended, and the bill (H. R. No. 3919)
passed.
SURETIES OF JOHN FOSL1S.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R No. 3920) for the
relief of Obadiah Slemmons and John Haver-
field, sureties of John Fogle, late postmaster
at Cadiz, Ohio; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to which the resolution had
been referred, moved that the rules be so
suspended that he could report back and the
House adopt the following resolution:
Resolved, That as by theprovisions of the deficiency
appropriation bill, approved January 7, Ibid, tne
Board of Public Works of the District of Columbia
cannot make expenditures on account of improve-
ments for which the General Government is liable
without previous appropriations by Congress, the
Committee on Appropriations is hereby instructed to
report in some of tho general appropriation bills
such gross amount as in their judgment will con-
stitute a just proportion of the expense of improving
the streets and avenues of the city of Washington to
be borne by the General Government.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
now adjourn. . .
The question was taken ; and upon a division,
there were—-ayes 61, noes 63.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. RANDALL said: I caN for the yeas
and trays on the motion, to adjourn. I will
exhaust all parliamentary means to prevent
this iniquity. .
The. question was taken on ordering the yeas
and nays; and there were thirty-three in the
affirmative.
So (rhe affirmative being one fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken ; and there
were—yeas 75f n&ytJ 1125 not voting) o3, as
follows:
YEAS—Mc-ssrs. Acker, Adams Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Barber. Barry, Beany, James B, Bcck, liell,
Biffby Biggs. Bird, Buckley, Lure Lard. Coghlan,
Crcbs, Critchcr. Cropland. Davis, Dickey,Pox Duke,
Ely Farnsworth. Fmkclnburg, barieU, OulcUngs,
Golladay, Hambleton, Handley, Joseph It. Hawley,
Hay, Hays, Herndon, Houghton, Kelley, Kerr, Kil-
Hnger, I,amison, Lewis, Lowe, Marshall. McClelland,
Mouorrmck, Mctlenry, McJunkin, McKinney, Mcr-
riam, Merrick, Mitchell, Morphia. Silas L. Niblack,
v\ illiam E. Niblack, Packer, Porter, Potter, PrindJe,
Rainey, Randall, llead, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
Rice, Sawyer, Speer, Stevers, Stevenson, Storm,
Stoughton, Terry, Waddell, Willard, John T. Wil-
son, Winchester, and Wood—75.
NAYS—Molars. Ames, Averill,, Banks, Bantam,
Erasmus W. Beck, Bingham, Bonrraan, Boles, Brax-
ton, Bright, Buffinton, Bunnell, Burdett, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Carroll, Cobb,
Coburn. Conger, Conner, Cotton, Cox, Crooker, Dar-
rall, I) awes, Donnan, DuBose. Duel 1, Dunn ell, Karnes,
Esty, Farwell, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Fry®,
Garfield. Haldejtnan, Hale, Halsey, Hancock, Ilarpor,
George E. Harris, John T. Harris, John B. Hawley,
Hereford, Hibbard, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kellogg,
Kendall, Ketchain, King, Leach, Maclntyre, Lynch,
Maynard, McGrew, McKee, Monroe, Moore, Morey,
NegleytOrr, Packard, HoseaW. Parker, Isaac C. Par-
ker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Perry,Peters,Piatt, Po-
land, Ritchie, Ellis il. Roberta, John Rogers, Sion II.
Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Scofield, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, SIoss, II. Board-
man Smith, Sprague, Starkweather, Stowell,St John,
Thomas, Washington Townsend. Turner. Tuthill,
Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Vausrhan,
Voorhees, Wakeraan, Walden, Waldron, Wallace*
Warren, Wells, Williams of Indiana, Williams of
New York, and Young—112.'
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Austin Blair, James G-.
Blair, Brooks, Campbell, Clarke. Comingo, Creely,
Podda, Eldrodge, Elliott, Forker, Henry D. Foster,
Getz, Goodrich. Griffith, Hanks, Ilarmer, Havens,
Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hoi man,
Kinsella, Lamport, Lansing, Ma,neon, McCrary,
McNeely, Benjamin F. Moyers. Morgan. Leonard
Myers, Palmer, Price, William R. Roberts, Robinson,
Roosevelt, Seeley, Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Slocum,
John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snapn, Sny-
der, Sutherland, Swann, Sypher, T&ffe, Dwight
Townscnd.Wheolcr, Whitelcy, Whitthorne, and Jer-
emiah M. Wilson—53.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
POWKRS OP GOVERNMENT.
Mr. COX. I now ask a vote on my motion
to suspend the rules and pass the preamble
and resolution which the Clerk read some
time since.
The preamble and resolution were again
read, as follows:
Whereas there are epochs in the history of Gov-
ernments, when for their pure administration it is
necessary to recur to their organic form and genius;
and whereas the abuses of our Administration havo
arisen by reason of a peiilous departure from the
Federal system; Therefore,
Resolved, That the Government of the United
States is, as it ought to be, a Government of limited
powers; that those powersar£ prescribod and enum-
erated in the Constitution of tho United States;
that they are granted by tho people tathe (govern-
ment, not for the purpose of conferring general,
indefinite, unlimited rights of legislation, but lor
tho purpose of accomplishing certain well-defaned
and specified objects; that all rights of legislation
not so conferred are reserved to the States or the
people thereof; that while the central Government
is not the agent of a confederacy or of a mere league
of States, but a GoYernoient proper fqundoa upon
the adoption of the people, and creating direct rela-
tions between it and all its subjects, it is still loss a
supreme, unlimited, imperial, and consolidated gov-
ernment, the most dangerous form that it could
possibly assume; that while tho central Govern-
ment has its distinct and reoogniaed sphere ot action
already ample, the governments ot the separate
States havo their distinct and recognized spheres ot
action : and that it is to tho last decree important
to the harmonious cooperation ot both, aim tne
preservation of local independence, to the umy«r-
?al diffusion of political vitality, to tho prevention
of military despotism, to the security of individual
rights, and the perpetuity of ourinstitutions,.that
these separate spheres of action should be kept tor-
ever distinct and inviolable*
Mr. DICKEY. Is it in order to move to
amend by adding that "two and two make
four?" [Laughter.] . .
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in
order.
Mr. DICKEY. Is it m order to move to
postpone this resolution until the next 4th of
July ? It is a Fourth of July speech.
Mr. AMBLER. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] to omit the preamble,
and we can vote for the resolution.
Mr. STEVENSON. And take off the reso-
lution, tOO. /--,!•
Mr. COX. It is written by Parke Godwin,
of the Evening Post of New York, a very good
States rights authority. 1 will withdraw the
preamble, and see how many Republican votes
we will get.
, Mr. BINGHAM- I ask " fi gentleman to
