2196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
ground tba' there was no recommendation of
the bill by the committee. I will withdraw it
for the purpose of enabling the Senator to get
the bill before the Senate if he desires.
Mr. NYE. She is a verj poor and needy
person, and I think the bill ought to pass.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Conk-
ling in the chair.) The bill (H. R. No. 3862)
for the relief of the heirs and next of kin of
Colonel William Northedge is before the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. We ought not to pass
that bill withoutthe recommendation of a com-
mittee. There is no favorable report.
The PRESIDING OFEICER. The Chair
deems that an objection, and the next bill will
be reported.
Mr. NYE. Is - there no recommendation
from the committee?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir.
Mr. NYE. They say they have taken the
House report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind the Senator from Nevada that the
Calendar shows that the bill is reported with
no recommendation. It will be passed over.
j. george harris.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 3857) for the relief of J.
George Harris.
.The Chief Clerk read the bill, which directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay J. George
Harris the sum of $5,850 for wood and timber
taken from his farm in the State of Tennessee,
by competent military authority, for the use
of the Army of the United States ; which is in
full compensation for all claims against the
Government on account of wood and timber
so taken.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I trust the Senator will
not object to this claim. This gentleman was
a paymaster in the United States Navy during
the war and was away on Government ser-
vice when his property was taken. It has
been recommended by the quartermaster's
department, by the Committee on Claims,
and by everybody who has investigated it. I
investigated it while I was on the Committe on
Claims. It it is one of the most deserving
cases on the Calendar.
Mr. LOGAN. I object to it for the reason
that I do not think there is timber land in
Tennessee with timber on it worth $5,000.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This was in the city of
Nashville.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must remind Senators that objection being
made, the bill is not before the Senate.
heirs of leonidas haskell.
The bill (H. R. No. 3725) for the relief of
the heirs and legal representatives of Leonidas
Haskell, deceased, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to confer
jurisdiction and authority on the Court of
Claims to adjudicate, on terms of equity and
justice, the claims of the heirs and legal
representatives of Leonidas Haskell, deceased,
for stores furnished the quartermaster's de-
partment of the Army of the United States in
the year 1861, and thereafter, and grants a
right of appeal from the finding and judgment
of the Court of Claims to the Supreme Court
of the United States, as in other cases.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
james coats.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 3511) for the relief of
James Coats, of Jackson, Mississippi.
The bill was read.
Mr. LOGAN. Is there any recommend-
ation of that bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is re-
ported favorably by the Committee on Claims.
Mr. LOGAN. All right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill is
objected to, and the next bill is before the
Senate.
j. george harris.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Senator from Illinois
withdraws his objection to the bill (H. R. No.
3857) for the relief of J. George Harris,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island asks unanimous con-
sent to take up the bill indicated by him. Is
there objection ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection is
made.
public building in pittsburg.
The next House bill on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 2984) to purchase a site for a
public building in Pittsburg.
Mr. STEWART. That bill had better not
be taken up.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the Senator will not
object.
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw the objection
if anybody wants to commence that business
now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being withdrawn, the bill is before the Senate
and will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let that bill go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made to this bill.
transfer op safes.
The bill (H. R. No. 4049) authorizing the
transfer of safes from the-War Department to
the Post Office Department, for use in the
transportation of registered mails, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
authorizes the Secretary of War to transfer such
safes, or paymaster's chests, as may be on
hand in his Department to the Post Office
Department, for use in the transportation of
registered mails, with a view to promote the
security of such mails.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
patents of william wheeler hubbell.
The next House bill on the Calendar was
the bill (H. R. No. 3853) to settle for the
inventions and patents of William Wheeler
Hubbell.
Mr. SPENCER. That bill is reported with
amendments. Let it be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will be passed over.
rosa f. morsell.
The next House bill on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 3839) granting a pension to
Rosa F. Morsell, reported adversely from the'
Committee on Pensions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
dissent, this bill will be indefinitely postponed.
mary a. morris.
The next House bill on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 1872) to authorise the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Mary A.
Morris, widow of Major General William W.
Morris, upon the pension-roll, at the rate of
fifty dollars per month.
Mr. PRATT. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill is
reported adversely, and objection is made.
Mr. CARPENTER. I wish to appeal to
the Senator, and I ask to be permitted to make
a statement of two minutes. I have been this
term four weeks serving out of the Senate by
order of the Senate on investigating commit-
tees. This matter might have been taken up
on other occasions and passed. It has been
reported adversely by the Senator from In-
diana.
Mr. PRATT. No, sir, I beg your pardon.
Mr. CARPENTER. Well, by the Pension
Committee.
Mr. PRATT. By the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan.]
Mr. CARPENTER. Well, from the com-
mittee, no matter by whom. I do not wish to
spend any time about it. That old lady is in
absolute want. She is the widow of a' gen-
eral in our Army. She is a lady in every sense
of the word, one of the nicest women that ever
lived on earth, with the sweetest face that ever
resulted from God's creating hand and the
softening touch of time. She asks only that
her pension be raised to fifty dollars a month,
to save her from starvation. Now I desire to
appeal to the Senate. This is the only private
bill I have asked the Senate to consider at
this session. She is not a constituent of mine ;
I do it only in the interests of humanity, and
I beg that the Senate will passon the question
by a "vote. The committee were not unani-
mous in objecting to the bill.
Mr. PRATT. I rise to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin whether this lady is not
drawing a pension at the present time under
the general law at the rate of $-30 a month,
and whether that is not the highest rate of
pension recognized by the law?
Mr. CARPENTER. That is so ; but she is
almost the only widow of a general officer, and
she is absolutely in want. Now, after all the
bills we have passed and the appropriations
we have made here to-night, I do appeal to
the Senator's sense of humanity to let the
Senate at least vote on this question.
Mr. PRATT. I shall have to object.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to say in
reference to this case" that the husband of Mrs.
Morris was an officer of the Army for forty-
five years with as good a record as any gen-
eral that ever served in the American Army.
I' have examined the record of her husband.
The Committee on Pensions know that I aui
not the most liberal man in reference to pen-
sions ; but I do say if there is any case that
appeals to the generosity of the Senate it is
the case of Mrs. Morris.
Mr. STEWART. It ought to be passed.
If you will only wait a few moments till we
get through with the Calendar, we will pass it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Very well. With that
understanding I will let it go now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the next bill will be reported.
maria d. c. bache.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3826) granting a pension to Maria
D. C. Bache, reported adversely from the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SPENCER. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
charles l'robst.
The bill (H. R. No. 4030) to pay Charles
Probst, of New Mexico, for supplies furnished
the New Mexico militia during the late rebel-
lion was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the proper account-
ing officer of the Treasury to pay, out of any
moneys appropriated, or that may hereafter
be appropriated, for the support of the Army,
to Charles Probst, of New Mexico, the amount
which shall, upon proof satisfactory to the
Commissary General, be shown to be due him
for subsistence stores furnished the militia of
New Mexico in the year 1862.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to ■& third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
f. w. *'ee.
The bill (II. R. No. 2079) for the relief of F. W.
Fee, late lieutenant of the first Kentucky in-
fantry volunteers, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. The bill authorizes the proper
accounting officeis of the Government to credit
Lieutenant F. W. Fee, late regimental quarter-
