1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
273
of one hundred members, my recollection now
is that his proposition received on the call of
the ayes and noes but seven votes besides his
own. Still he believed himself right, andTiis
spirit never quailed before any majority.
Senators! another high quality of the dead
statesman was his innate desire to be right in
all that he said and all that he did in this
Chamber. Pride and self-consistency always
gave way in him by prompt acknowledgment
whenever he believed himself wrong in speech
or vote.
I have before me a striking illustration.
On thn 18th day of May, 1871, and when we were
discussing a violation of the rules of the Sen-
ate by an improper promulgation of the then
recently negotiated treaty  uh Great Britain,
Mr. Davis took an active part, as you a'i
remember, in that debate. He made an able
and lengthy speech on some of the questions
involved. A few days afterward he came to
mv chair and said. " I wish to see you.'" We
retired into the cloak room, as 1 remember,
when he sa:d, " Do you think my argument
consistent and sound?" I said, "I do not."
Sa u he, " 1 do not, either." And what, sir,
did he do ? I read from the Globe what then
occurred :
" Mr. Davis, of Kentucky. Mr. President, in the
remarks th.it I submitted to the Senate some time
since. I assumed the position that if a Senator re-
ceived from the State Department or from any other
t.oiirce a copy of the treaty, and alter the Senate had
receive ! the treaty from the Executive, communi-
cated that Mate Department copy, it would not be
a violation of the secrecy of the Senate. I have
further considered that position, and I am satisfied
that it i  erionenu-s, and I finally withdraw from
it."—Ctilohc part,2, }'ortu-Second Con-
Qn - first page 876.
l'lie traits iu Mr. Davis's character made a
strong impress on friends and foes alike. He
was positive, bold, and impassioned. He
could do nothing by halves. Often, very often,
erroneous, he did injustice occasionally both
to fri' tids f>11d foes. He possessed that higher
godlike attribute, generous magnanimity to |
acknowledge his wrong and publicly to make ;
a n-ady and prompt amend. Senators, for
almost twelve years he has been your constant
associate in this Chamber. His service for a
greater portion of that time was in a very
smull political minority. Constitutional ques-
tions. novel and startling in their character,
deemed dangerous to constitutional liberty,
have during his term been proposed and adopt-
ed. Was Garrett Davis even silent when
duty prompted him to speak ? Did he ever
quail before the power of an overweening
majority in this Senate Chamber? Amid your
bitterest party contests of the past was his
honesty ever impeached, his spotless purity
of character ever questioned ?
His bold and fearless denunciations of con-
templated usurpations may have offended you;
his constant and unceasing appeals to the
Constitution may have wearied you; sharp
atid bitter words uttered by him in the heat of
debate may have wounded you; but is there
one Senator in this Chamber who will not
willingly, in despite of the past, say that
Garrett Davis was a pure, fearless, honest
statesman? What higher tribute could human
ambition desire? What higher praise could
human statesmanship deserve?
My late honored and lamented colleague
sleeps amid the blue-gras3 of his own native
Commonwealth, in sight of his home, by the
side of loved ones who have gone before him.
Senators, soon one by one each of us will
successively follow him through that dark val-
ley through whose gloom he has now passed.
Does not this impressive scene admonish us
of our mortality? Shall it not check the
acerbity of feeling which sometimes amid the
excitement of our debates escape us? I trust
it may awaken in the heart of each of us
greater respect for the motives of those who
feel themselves constrained upon public ques-
tions on which we are called upon to act to
differ from each other. Sad dispensations are I
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 18.
hourly bringing their instructive lesson, that
we must soon pass away. "The paths of
glory lead but to the grave." No honors, no j
distinction, no wealth can stay the power of
death!
But yesterday amid the excitement of an
excited political presidential contest the image
of one man was befoie all eyes, and his name
was lisped on every tongue. Full of hope,
full of expectation, his heart beat high for
presidential honors. Where is he now ? Like
my departed colleague he sleeps in a new-
made grave, and all that was mortal of Horace
Greeley mingles with its kindred dust. So it
has been ; so it is; so it will ever be until the
graves give up their dead.
But there is a brighter home beyond the
grave, prepared and ready for all who trust in
God and are willing to accept the mediation
of His Son. There the loved ones who have
passed over the river shall be reunited in a
communion never to be broken, and all that
communion will be love.
I beg leave, Mr. President, in conclusion,
to offer the following resolutions:
Resolved. That the Senate has learned with feel-
ings of profound regret that Hon. Gabrett Davis,
late a Senator in the Congress of the United
States from the Commonwealth of Kentucky, de-
parted this life at his residence near Paris, in that
State, on 22d September, 1872, during the recess of
this body.
Resolvxl, That in the death of Mr. Davis the
country has lost a citizen eminent for his publio and
private virtues, a statesman of the purest patriot-
ism, a Senator <>i ability and worth, and that his
death is depl rcl by the whole country.
Resolved, That, as a testimonial of our respect for
the memory of tile deceased, the members and offi-
cers of the Senate will wear the usual badge of
mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That the proceedings of Congress upon ,
the announcement of the death of Hon. Garrett
Davis be communicated by the Secretary to the
family of the deceased.
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect for
the memory of the deceased, the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, this occa-
sion is one of melancholy interest to us, who
: in our feeble way attempt to pay the tribute of
| our homage to the character, worth, and ser-
vices of a distinguished member of this body,
■ \ who but recently graced one of our seats and
;j held pleasant converse with us.
When I entered the Senate, I met the friendly
greeting of the sage of Kentucky, a gallant
State, which he delighted to honor, and whose
interest and fame it was his pleasure to pro-
tect and promote. I listened with growing
, interest to the debates of Senators, and espe-
cially to those of Hon. Garrett Davis, the
contemporary and devoted friend of the im-
mortal Clay. His long public service, dignified
i bearing, and venerable appearance, attracted
: me and impressed me with the opinion that
he would have done honor to the Roman
senate in the palmy days of that republic,
ij To say that I lament his death, is but faintly to
express the emotions of my heart. We have
lost a most illustrious and honorable member,
a sincere friend, a sound lawyer, an able states-
man, the courteous and accomplished gentle-
j man. For more than a year some of us thought
I that we perceived a degree of failing health
jl and decline in our deceased associate. We
h watched the progress of time upon him with
II much feeling and anxiety. When violently
; attacked by disease, before the termination of
the last session of the Senate, our fears were
' aroused for his safety, and we sought the morn-
ing reports of his condition with solicitude and
hope. We rejoiced when he was able to return
to his beloved State, and when we subsequently
learned that the genial influences and associa-
tions of home and friends had restored him
to much stronger and almost renewed health ;
! but, when in Septemberthe telegraph informed
| us ot his death, we were shocked at the an-
nouncement. Although we knew thatthe fatal
I messenger must at some period come to him,
i as he will soon appear to us, yet we hoped that I
1 his arrow would longer remain in his quiver I
and his visit be delayed. He was a true man,
and a type of the nobler attributes of his race;
a link that bound the glories of the past of
our country with the melancholy memories of
the present. He was virtuous from a love of
virtue, and acting on the maxim that nothing
was impossible to industry, he was always at
the place of duty which is the post of honor.
He attained his high distinctions in the service
and councils of his country by the practice of
the cardiual virtues, which constitute the road
to elevation and to fame:
" Honor is
Virtue's allowed ascent; honor that clasps
All perfect justice in her arms; that craves
No more respect than what sho gives ; that does
Nothing but what she'll suffer."
In temperament he was quick, ardent, mag-
nanimous ; sincere and frank in his professions,
honest in his convictions, and uncompromising
in principle.
He was made of the sterner stuff which
forms the elements of character of the honest,
the fearless, and the good. Duty was to him
the sublimest and dearest object of life ; all
the aspirations of his heart and the severest
study and labor of his life were to perform his
duty with ability and fidelity. It would have
been as easy to retard the sun in its course, as
to swerve him from the faithful discharge of
his public trust. Neither flattery nor censure
could affect him ; and he was insensible to
fear, except that of a failure to serve his country
and her cause with the efficiency and success
which he desired. Stern and inflexible in the
pursuit and defense of what he believed to be
right, he was untiring in his efforts to accom-
plish it. His health was no doubt impaired by
his indefatigable habits of study and prepara-
tion lor the weighty responsibilities of an
American Senator. Office was no sinecure or
place of ease to him, and his examples ot
diligence, toil, and perseverance, merit our
highest encomium and imitation.
If there ever was a man devoted to the tme
principles of the Constitution and the rights
of the citizen, he was that man. We all re-
member with what fervency, with what phys-
ical and mental efforts he entereu upon that
arena, and with what eloquence he stirred oar
souls and enlisted our feelings in the cause of
constitutional liberty and the principles of
republican government. He possessed the
true principles of oratory; for when imbued
and agitated with a subject and fired by its
importance and objects, he spoke with impas-
sioned force, kindling the powers of the mind
and heart to a pathos, energy, and boldness
which aroused and animated the feelings and
admiration of his hearers. Some of his per-
orations were specimens of pure and enthu-
siastic eloquence that would honor any Ameri-
can forura. While he accorded all necessary
powers to the Federal Government, he main-
tained with zeal the reserved rights of the
States. He had read, studied, and observed
much ; had mastered the legitimate exposi-
tions of the Constitution ; had drank deep at
the fountain ; and if he had an idol upon earth
it was the Constitution as interpreted by the
fathers and administered in its original spirit
and purity.
Mr. Davis had filled various places of trust
in his native State before he was introduced
into the Halls of Congress, having been elected
four times to the House and twice to the Sen-
ate; he had acquired extensive experience in
public affairs and the legislation of his coun-
try, which was aided by his practice as an
able attorney in the State and Federal courts.
Aristides was not more just, nor governed by
more lofty views of moral rectitude. He was
frank and firm in what he believed to be right,
and would not
"Have flattered Neptune for his trident,
Or Jove for his power to thunder."
I once spoke to him about the probable ani
madversions of the press upon a speech winch
he had made, when he replied, substantially,
