1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
1237
tug boat Jessie Benton, praying for provision
for payment of prize money to the officers of
that vessel.
By Mr. DUBLL: The memorial of Edward
Clarke, publisher of the Weekly Chronicle at
Port Byron, New York, praying for an amend-
ment of the postal laws, so as to place pub-
lishers of weekly newspapers all upon the same
footing.
By Mr. DUNNELL: The petition of Mary
Paddoch, asking a pension.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The petition
of citizens of Trumbull county, Ohio, praying
Congress to prohibit the sale of intoxicating
liquors as a beverage.
By Mr. HILL: The petition of Sayer &
Noble, of Deckertown, New Jersey, asking,
that there be no discrimination against weekly
newspapers printed wholly or in part in any
towns or cities of the country, and that the
words in Ilouse bill No. 3075 "and wholly
printed and" be stricken out of said bill.
By Mr. McCLBLLAND : The petition of
James Kirkpatrick, John J. Paul, James C.
Cotton, S. R. Boyd, James Rogers, W. P.
Edwards, Matthew H. Elder, and 114 others,
citizens of Beaver county," Pennsylvania, stat-
ing that about one hundred and sixty-five
Chinese laborers have been imported for a
cutlery company, located in the borough of
Beaver Palls, in said county, thereby causing
the discharge from the works of the white
American mechanics and workmen; that two
hundred more Chinese, direct from China,
are said to be engaged and on the way for the
same cutlery and other works of the same
company, to the exclusion from the works of
our own people; that contracts have been
made, through one of their own race, for long
periods of servitude on their part, at wages so
low as to forbid competition by American
workmen ; that their habits are so debasing as
to insure the demoralization and degradation
of all Christian communities brought in con-
tact with them; that their introduction into
the United States, in the manner in which it
is done, shows a manifest attempt to revive
the institution of slavery; and that it is an act
of bad faith toward the workpeople of Penn-
sylvania and of the United States, ,inasmuch as
that the protection of thirty-five to fifty per
cent, against the importation of foreign cut-
lery was enacted for the purpose of protecting
the American laborer against cheap foreign
labor ; and asking that, as a means, therefore,
to be saved from such evils, and in behalf of
their own workpeople, Congress will pass a
law prohibiting any further importation of
Chinese laborers under contracts made in
China; or that it will authorize the free im-
portation from foreigu countries of such arti-
cles or manufactures as are or may be pro-
duced in the United States by and through
Chinese cheap labor so contracted for.
By Mr. McJUNKIN: The petitioh of Rich-
ard V. Pare, praying the passage of an act
granting him a pension.
' Also, the petition of Mary McGinn, praying
the passage of an act granting her a pension.
By Mr. MERRIAM : The petition of War-
ren W. Ames, editor of the Cape Vincent
Eagle, Cape Vincent, New York, protesting
against the proposed discrimination against
country newspapers in section two of a bill
before Congress to amend the postal laws.
' By Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana: The memo-
rial of Daniel Crosswell, of Spencer county,
Indiana, a soldier of the war of 1812, praying
a special act of Congress granting him a pen-
sion.
By Mr. PERCE: The petition of Mrs. Emily
Miller, for payment for cotton seized and sold
by the United States Government.-
By Mr. E. H. ROBERTS: The petition of
the faculty of Hamilton College} for one half
of the fund assigned to the State of New York
by the bill for the further endowment and
support of colleges for the benefit of agricul-
ture and the mechanic arts.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of W. H.
Walker and C. H. Bissell, publishers of the
Winneconna Item, Wisconsin, against any
change in the present law whereby newspapers
not wholly printed in the counties where they,
are published pass through the mails free of
postage.
Also, a petition of similar import from
Charles G. Starks, publisher of the Berlin
Journal, Wisconsin.
By Mr. SPRAGUE : The petition of Joseph
A. Kelly, editor and proprietor of the Inde-
pendent, published at Malta, Ohio, asking a
modification of the bill revising the postal
code now pending in the House, so as to
remove the restriction against papers not
wholly printed in the county where published.
By Mr. STORM : The petition of James H.
Dony, publisher of the Milford Herald, Penn-
sylvania, and E. R. SiewerS' and E. C. Dim-
mick, publishers of the Carbon Democrat,
Pennsylvania, praying an amendment to the
second section of the postal code, so as to
allow certain newspapers to pass through the
mail free of postage.
Bv Mr. TWICHELL: The memorial of W.
C. Kyle.
Also, the petition of Julius A. Pickering.
By Mr. UPSON: The memorial of the
City Council of Cleveland, Ohio, relative to
the construction of a harbor of refuge at Cleve-
land, Ohio.
Also, resolutions of the Board of Trade of
Cleveland, Ohio, relative to the construction
of a harbor of refuge at Cleveland, Ohio.
By Mr. WALDRON: The petitions of John
O. Dennis, publisher of Jonesville Independ-
ent, Michigan; Augustus B. Allen, publisher
of New Era, Morenci, Michigan; Charles
T. Chapin, publisher of Record, Tecumseh,
Michigan; Japheth Cross, publisher of Journal
Adrian, Michigan ; for amendment to pro-
posed postal code, so that it may not discrim-
inate against publishers of country newspapers.
By Mr. W1LLARD: The petition of Albion
N. Marchant, of St. Albans, Vermont, in
respect to the bill, to amend the postal laws.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana : The peti-
tion of Prank J. Zimmerman, publisher of
the Warsaw National Union, Warsaw, Indi-
ana, and J. Mattingly, of the Bourbon Mirror,
Bourbon, Indiana, for the amendment of the
postal bill now before Congress, so that it may
not discriminate against publishers of country
newspapers.
post route bills.
The following bills were introduced under
the rules, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: A bill to
establish a post route in Tennessee. .
By Mr. DAVIS : A bill to establish a post
road from Wilsonbarg to West Union, in the
State of West Virginia.
By Mr. LANSING: A bill to establish a
post route from Parish to Amboy Centre, New
York.
By Mr. READ: A bill to establish a mail
route and post road from Munfordville, Ken-
tucky, to Dickey Mills, in the same State.
Also, a bill to establish a mail route from
Big Clifty, Grayson county, Kentucky, to Con-
stantine, in Breckinridge county, Kentucky.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 11, 1873.
Prayer by Rev. B. D. Owen, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. PENTON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday's proceeding was dispensed with.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 7th of January, a report of the
chief of engineers relative to Port Oxford,
Oregon, as a harbor of refuge; which Was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
HOUSE BILLS'.
The bill (H. R. No. 3866) for the relief of
Donald Mcfeay, of Boston, was read twice by
its title.
Mr. NYE. You are aware, Mr. President,
(Mr. Anthony in the chair,) that there is a
series of bills, four or five, of which this is
one, that have been under consideration in
the Committee on Naval Affairs pretty much
all the winter. We reported bills in some
cases which are of the same character pre-
cisely with the bills that have come from the
House and are now on the table. What the
best course to pursue is I hardly kuow myself,
and 1 ask for information. Is it better to let
them go on the-Calendar or go to the'commit-
tee ? There is no necessity for their going to
the committee, for the committee has already
examined and reported in each case, and pre-
sented a written report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They had better be
referred.
Mr. NYE. They have been reported already
bv the committee.
"The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Nevada ask that the bill be placed on the
Calendar ?
Mr. NYE. I think that is the best way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there
be no objection the bill will be placed on the
Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suppose House bills
are printed as a matter of course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They are.
This bill will be placed on the Calendar.
The bill (H. R.. No. 3865) for the relief of
Nathaniel McKay was read twice by its title.
Mr. NYE. I ask that the same course be
taken with that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be placed on the Calendar.
petitions and memorials.
.The VICE PRESIDENT presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Brooklyn, New York, pray-
ing that a malarious marsh near the naval
hospital, within the limits of that city, may be
filled up; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, I present
the memorial of Allan Rutherford, J. J. S.
Hassler, and others, of New York, claiming
recognition as the originators of the first organ-
ized movement to raise volunteers to aid in
suppressing the rebellion.
There has been some controversy in regard
to the priority of the movements of individuals
and localities in tendering organized military
aid to the General Government as we ap-
proached the late civil war. It is still a sub-
ject of dispute. The truth of the matter con-
cerns individuals quite as much as States; but
1 confess great pride for my own State in this
behalf, while it affords me sincere pleasure to
chronicle the patriotic action of any portion
of our citizens. 1 am very sure the claim
herein set forth is entitled to precedence; but
whether it is or not, it is not too much to ask a
careful consideration of the memorial of these
young gentlemen, who, impelled by simple
love of country, in view of impending strife,
organized a company and offered their ser-
vices to the Government months before the
flag was fired upon.
In forwarding this memorial, it is stated that
they have no desire nor expectation of any
personal, political, or pecuniary prospective
reward, but are actuated solely by the wish to
make good the history of the period and to
establish for themselves and the State from
which they come the credit to which they are
justly entitled. -
In view of the public interest which attaches
