1238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
to a record of this character, I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Printing, to be
printed by order of the Senate, if it is the judg*
ment of the committee to so report.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Wil-
liam Thiving, of Boston, Massachusetts, pray-
ing for a return of diities paid in August, 1862,
on the cargo of the Sarah March ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. RICE' presented three petitions of citi-
zens of* Arkansas, praying to be guarantied a
republican government in fact as well as in
form; which were referred to the Committee
on Privileges and Elections.
Mr. WEST. I present a memorial of the
New Orleans Chamber of Commerce, in favor
of reciprocal trade with Spanish America and
ocean postal service from New Orleans, and
move that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce and printed in the Globe.
The motion was agreed to.
The memorial is as follows:
Chamber op Commerce,
New Obl&ans, February 3, 1873.
At a meeting of the Chamber, held this date, the
following memorial was adopted:
To the President and Senate of the United States :
The Chamber of Commerce of New Orleans are
deeply interested in the improvement of trade with
the Spanish-American States, and especially with
the republic of Mexico. They learn with pleasure
that the Government of Mexico has at last relaxed
its suspicions of the people of the United States, and
manifests a disposition to contract with them ami-
cable and commercial relations. Mexican enterprise
and capital are now directed to the development of
that amity, and we hope very soon to have railroads
and steamships connecting the two republics with
bonds which will make any future wars injurious to
cach. Both, then, will cultivate carelully those re-
lations which commerce engender. But your me-
morialists find other obstacles to trade with Mexico
and other States referred to in the rate of revenue
and othqr internal duties imposed by those States
upon all foreign commerce, besides the port and
other charges which are collected on shipping and
trade at the principal seaport cities of those States.
They therefore respectfully request your honor-
able influence in the adoption of some more uniform
and reciprocal ratos of duties, internal and port
oharges, between the United States and such other
countries.
The report of an American consul at Mexico esti-
mates the aggregate rate of all Federal and State
revenues and municipal charges upon a commodity
imported into Mexico, transported to and sold at the
capital city, at ninety-two per cent, ad valorem.
Turning to the Spanish colonial possessions in the
Gulf of Mexico, your memorialists find among the
principal duties imposed upon foreign commerce the
following: on corn, eighty per cent.; on flour, sev-
enty-five per cent.; on hog products, seventy-five
per cent, ad valorem. These are the leading arti-
cles (?£-American production. In addition, your
memorialists find that notwithstanding the position
of absolute neutrality maintained by your honor-
able authority in the civil war now and for four
years past waging between the Spanish Government
and a portion of its subjects desirous of independ-
ence, that, the Spanish Government now imposes a
war tax of twenty-five per cent, ad valorem upon
ail ioroign commercev thus making the Government
and people of the United $tate$ depart from their
neutrality by contributing to her expenses of main-
taming by civil war the law of Spain over her own
subjects. This added "war tax'* makes jthe duties
imposed on the American products stated more than
onohundred percent, ad valorem. At the same time
the duties imposed by the United States on the pro-
ducts ot Cuba imported into the United States area
specinc duty of something more than two cents per
pound average upon sugar, equal to about sixteen
to twenty per cent, ad valorem; seventy-five per
cent, upon tobacco and cigars; ten per cent, on dry
.macs, while coffee, one of the principal products of
SsdutyS.11'00' iS admittCd int0 th0 United
°.f th? most s>™al instances of
the tin tlYsUfe eS °[ reveD«e duty imposed by
kiSeiS • states upon the products, of her neigh-
^is continent, and the rates of duty imposed
sfJp? ThSna?e8rPOn  r«ducts of the United
tA tll<? ?resident is respect-
i £ sue§eshon in one of his messages
that these reiations sWd be reviewed with a vTew
to place them on a footing of reciprocity. They
respectfully suggest the appointment of a suitable
commission to examine into and ptouare wli  
system as would relievo par Oommeree and others
from the burden and embarrassment to which it is
subjected, and the adoption on our part of a con-
tinental commercial policy. This would relieve th.
commerce betweeh tho valley of the Mississippi com!
prising more than twenty million people, and the
countries referred to, of all that impedes a fruitful
and fraternal commerce. U1
When the tact, ia remembered that the Govern-
ment ot the United States is the arbiter and pro-
tector of these States; that she has guarantied them
against all attempts to plant the institutions of
Europe upon them; that she has aided these States
in their struggles for freedom by the most substan-
tial sympathy, surely the wish for more equal and
itftiinato commercial intercourse cannot be attrib-
uted to any desire to invade their territory or restrict
their rights.
Iu addition to this review of commercial relations
and this recognition of reduced and reciprocal du-
ties, your memorialists* would respectfully recom-
mend the establishment of New Orleans a"s a postal
center for the receipt and distribution of all mail
matter passing between -the United States, Mexico,
Central and the west coast of South America, and
Australia. "We have now a system connecting New
Orleans by three thousand miles of rail with all the
principal cities of the Union. A postal ocean steam
service would connect New York with the city of
Mexico, via New Orleans, in less than six days; with
Panama, in less than nine. The capitals of the
Republics of the United States and Mexico can be
brought within five days of each other. Forty years
ago the mail time between Washington city and New
Orleans was twenty-five days.
Congress now pays for mail service by ocean
steamers from New York to Vera Cruz and Panama.
These voyages are, respectively, twenty-five and
twenty-seven hundred miles. They traverse coasts
and seas dangerous from reefs and hurricanes. They
cost,in appropriations and postages,certainly $200,000
per annum. The Government now pays at the rate
of# $300 per mile for a double daily mail service, by
rail, from New York, St. Louis, Chicago, Cincinnati,
and Louisville to New Orleans. If the Mexican and
Central American mails were placed on these rail-
roads, their delivery at New Orleans would cost no
more than the present mail service. The saving of
time, risk, .and cost, effected by substituting the time
and distance from New Orleans to Vera Cruz, Pan-
ama, and Havana for the present cost and time
schedules from New York to those ports, arc too ob
vious to justify specifications.
Your memorialists commend to your honorable
authorities the commercial condition of this, the
great and natural outport and entrepdt of more than
half the territory and population of the Union.
They appeal for specific relief in the matters first
stated in this paper, and they respectfully ask such
other and proper exercise of your influence as the
great interests alluded to are entitled to at your
hands.
From minute3 of the Chamber:
W. M. BURWELL,
Secretary G. C. JN, O.
Mr. WEST. I also present a memorial of
the New Orleans Chamber of Commerce, in
favor of the Fort St. Philip canal, and move a
similar reference and action as on the one just
presented.
The motion was agreed to.
The memorial is as follows:
New Orleans, February 3,1873.
At a meeting of the New Orleans Chamber of Com-
merce, at this date, the following memorial was
adopted:
To the Senators and Representatives in the Congress
United States, mayors and councilors. Boards
of Trade, Governors, and Legislatures in the States
tributary to the Mississippi river :
We, the undersigned committee on obstructions at
the mouth and channels of the Mississippi river
appointed by the Chamber of Commerce of New
Orleans, beg leave to oall your attention to the his-
tory ot the Fort St. Philip canal, begging your co-
operation.
Dr. Cartwright, one of our most distinguished
hydrographers, states positively that the bars at the
mouth ot the Mississippi river have not increased
as it is generally believed, but have remained the
same for one hundred and forty years.
. Mr.^ Benjamin Buisson, State engineer of Louis-
iana m 1832, suggested the idea of avoiding the
bars of the Mississippi by a canal from Fort St
Philip to a deep-water point in the Gulf off the
island of Lreton. After a carefulsurvey he reported
to the Legislature the plan was feasible. On this
report tho Legislature of Louisiana passed a resolu-
tion requesting our Senators and Representatives
in Congress to urge an early estimate and survey of
the same by competent officers.
his ^resolution \vas accompanied by a memorial
ot the Chamber of Commerco of New Orleans and
faynet approval that a survey was ordered from
the War Department m 1837. From this order L.
Poole, United States engineer, says: "It is rnv
opinion that an artificial cut offers a fairer prospect
of certain results than any other plan that has been
spoken of, ot opening the Mississippi to shins ot thp
largest class. A look at the junction of the river
will jarevenfc the deposit of mud in the canal, and
the jetties at the sea may be so placed as to form a
perfect artificial bcistion or breakwarer."
Captain Talcott, United States engineer in hi«? ro
ports for 1838, and Professor ForIhey?s measure
ments of 1851 and 1852, show that the deposit of
m!lU Vi2fi?tn ' advauces seaward at the rate of one
annually y°arS' °r hundred and fifty feet
T-lw?rTTt on t-ho passes was by Captain
fhi w Umted States engineer, in 1839, by order of
fevoTabl^b trh?:ieh,t'-^out circumstances were so nn-
? • 110 obta>ned no result. In one stormv
nAVbWZt«ard was thrown iuto tS
In 1852 the United States let a contract to the
Towboat Association, which kept a channel eighteen
feet deep and a mile and a quarter long, by using
harrows. A storm, after their contract and efforts
ceased, filled the same up to its former normal depth
of fifteen feet.
In 1856 the United States let a contract to Craig &
Rightor, but all to no effect, by the incessant but
silent workings of the forces which caused tho form-
ation of the bars, and the contract had to be aban-
doned.
In Breton Island sound into the Gulf and sea
there is not a rook, reef, or islet. The depths vary
in the mean line ninety to thirty-four feet. The
light-house on Breton island and that on the pier of
the canal will point out the entrance to the latter.
There will, therefore, be no necessity for pilots ; no
port will ever have an easier and more direct
access.
Mr. Frederick Wilkinson, deputy surveyor gen-
eral of Louisiana, says the project of a ship-canal is
a feasible matter, ana from the depth of water stated
now to exist in the Gulf of Mexico, into which the
canalisto open,(thirty-fourfeetj is highly commend-
able.
Captain Av H. Bowman, United States engineer,
reports that in his opinion " the only practical plan
for securing apermanent ship-channel for vessels of
the first class to New Orleans is to cut a canal from
some point on the Mississippi above its mouth to
some one of tho arms of the Gulf which approaches
nearest the river."
Captain W. A. Chase, United States engineer, says
" the construction of aship-canal on the plan indi-
cated by Major Buisson should be resorted to."
Mr. Benjamin Buisson, civil engineer, in a letter
dated New Orleans. September 30,1870, says: " I sur-
veyed the coast or the Gulf from above Fort St.
Philip down to the passes of the river, and found
by observation and sounding there no deposit of the
Mississippi mud was made on that coast or by the
Gulf stream oast of the passes, but found the sedi-
ment all went to the westward by the action of the
Gulf stream and the current of the Mississippi.
"In the year 18401 went with Commodore Rous-
seau, in command of the United States corvette, to
make a reconnoissance of the aforesaid coast, and
came to anchor near the shore, five miles below Fort
St. Philip, in Breton Island pass. I found five to
eight and ten fathoms water out the pass, and I have
no doubt a ship-canal with thirty feet of water can
be built there ; and from my experience I am sat-
isfied no deposit will oyer be made at the outward
end of the canal to form any bar."
Captain C. W. Howell, topographers, United States
Army, in a letter dated New Orleans, September 25,
1870, says, regarding the Fort St. Phillip canal, " The
subject was brought officially to my notice by the
engineer department last July, and on the 12th of
August I was able to report the project4 apparently
practicable, and its realization of the greatest mo-
ment to the commerce of the Mississippi.'"
The commercial conventions at Cincinnati in 1870,
Baltimore in 1871, and in New York in 1872, all
unanimously passed resolutions recommending the
General Government to aid and build this great
national canal. A copy of these resolutions, with a
memorial from each convention, was sent to the
President of the United States.
The lands tributary to the Mississippi river ex-
ceed seven hundred and fifty thousand square miles.
The population of this area is little less than seven-
teen million.
United States Engineer's Office.
New Orleans, September 2,1872.
Sir : The survey directed by Congress has been
completed, and tho construction of the canal ascer-
tained to be feasible.
Plans for lock, guard locks, entrance to river
and jetties extending into "Breton Island pass"
partially completed, and a report to be submitted to
rr?j re8iS ^ ne*t session is being prepared.
Ihe plan adopted is for a canal twenty-seven feet
deep, two hundred feet wide at the bottom through-
out the trunk with a guard lock near the Gulf, and
a lock eighty feet wide and four hundred feet long
at the river. An estimate of the probable cost is
Di? completed, but enough has been done to
show that the work will not cost far from $6,000,000.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
^ „ . 0. H. HOWELL,
vaptavnof hngmeers United States Army.
L. J. HIGEY,
J. S. COPES,
F. A.HABKR.
C. (t. FOESHEY,
A. MOULTON,
Committee on Obstruct inns.
President New Orleans Chamber of Commerce.
Certified as an extract from the minutes :
* , ™ 1 w-M- BURWELL,
secretary Chamber of Commerce New Orleans.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Lewis H. Garnett, of Dunnville, Virginia,
praying to be indemnified for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the year 1801 •
which was ordered to lie on the table. * '
Mr. BLAIR presented a petition of citizens
of Missouri, late soldiers in the United States
Army, praying for the passage of the soldiers'
bounty land bill; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
