2198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
corresponding reduction is to be made from
the contract price, and the amount deducted
from any allowance to be made by the court to
the claimant.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
mary a. morris.
Mr. CARPENTER. The bill to which I
referred a short time ago was passed over
with the understanding that when we went
through with the printed .Calendar we would
return to it. _ I now ask the Senate to take
up the bill increasing the pension of Mrs.
Morris.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin asks unanimous consent
that the bill referred to by him, which was
passed over with an understanding, shall now
be taken up. Is there objection ? The Chair
hears none.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to say that I shall
not object to this bill of the Senator from Wis-
consin with this understanding: he represents
the case of a lady who claims a pension at the
rate of fifty dollars a month, a case that was
reported adversely. Last May there was a
case from my own State of a poor soldier who
has no pension, who is a cripple, and whose
case was reported upon adversely and I have
endeavored several times to get up his case.
I ask that the Senate shall now extend the
privilege of taking up his case if this one be
taken up.
Mr. CARPENTER. You cannot get them
both up at the same time.
Mr. WRIGHT. I want it understood that
unless I can have the consent of the Senate
in advance that I shall be allowed to call up
that case, I shall object to this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will remind the Senator that the Question being
put to the Senate twice whether there was ob-
jection to this bill being taken up, no objection
was made, and the Chair announced that the
bill was before the Senate.
Mr. WRIGHT. I was standing here with
all the voice I could possess myself of trying
to be heard, yet the confusion was so great
that I was not heard and I was not in a position
before the Chair to be recognized.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. -If the Sen-
ator states that he objected before the Chair
made the announcement, the Chair will enter-
tain the objection.
Mr. WRIGHT. I certainly did not make
any objection myself. I could not get the ear
of the Chair. I tried to be heard by the Chair
to make my objection, or at least to make my
statement.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask that the bill be
now reported.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider tbebill (H. R. No. 1872)
to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Mary A. Morris, widow of
Major General William W. Morris, upon the
pension-roll at the rate of fifty dollars per
month.
' Mr. PRATT. As the bill is before the Sen-
ate at this time for consideration, I shall ask
the attention of the Senate for some ten o~
fifteen minutes for the purpose of giving m-'
reasons why it should not pass. The reading
of the bill shows that Mrs. Morris 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen
ator will pardon the Chair, the Chair, for hi;
own convenience, reminds him that the Senate
is acting under a rule which limits debate to
five minutes under the Anthony rule.
Mr. PIIATT. I do not understand tha'.
that rule is applicable to bills of this descrip
applies simply to appropri
ation bins as I understand it. I never heart
of its application to bills of this character be'
fore.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chaie
will not interrupt the Senator now, but will
look at the rule.
Mr. PRATT. I was proceeding to say at
the time of the interruption that Mrs. Morris
is, according to the very terms of the bill,
drawing a pension now from the Government
at the rate of thirty dollars a month.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator will pardon the Chair he will read to the
Senator the rule before he proceeds. This is
the Anthony rule :
Resolved, That on Monday next, at one o'clock,
the Senate will proceed to the consideration of the
Calendar, and bills that are not objected to shall be
taken up in their order, and each Senator shall be
entitled to speak once, and for five minutes only, on
each question; and this order shall be enforced daily,
at one o'clock, till the end of the Calenderisreached,
unless upon motion the Senate should at any time
otherwise order.
Mr. PRATT. Do my five minutes com-
mence from this time?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks they should commence at this time, as
the Senator was not reminded of the rule.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to state then, Mr.
President, thatwe have a general law upon the
subject under which Mrs. Morris is now draw-
ing the highest rate of pension allowed by the
policy of Congress.
Mr. CAMERON. Will not the Senator allow
me to correct him?
Mr. PRATT. If I have only five minutes
in which to speak I cannot yield any portion
of my time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
declines to yield.
Mr. PRATT. I should make one exception
which was engrafted upon the general law at
the last session, by which a man who has lost
both arms or both legs, or has lost the sight
of both eyes in the service of the country, is
allowed to draw a pension at the rate of $31 25
per month ; but there is no general law under
which the widow of any officer in the military or
naval service of the United States, no matter
how high the rank of her husband, can draw a
higher rate of pension than thirty dollars a
month.
Mr. SPENCER. If the Senator will allow
me, he means no general law.
Mr. PRATT. 1 cannot be interrupted. I
was talking of the general law, not of special
legislation.
Now, Mr. President, there have been re-
peated attempts to pass private bills of this
nature at this session of Congress. The Com-
mittee on Pensions were of opinion that we
should not make fish of one and flesh of
anoiher; that the widows of all officers of
equal rank were entitled to the same rate of
pension under the law. Accordingly, we have
made no discriminations nor allowed any
when we could prevent it.
The widow of Major General Edwin V.
Sumner was an applicant before Congress at
this present session for the increase of her
pension from thirty to fifty dollars per month,
and the Senate, upon hearing the report that
was made in her case, refused the increase.
I have that report before me now, and I beg
to read a few passages as showing the reasons
which governed the Committee on Pensions
in recommending to the Senate that the House
bill for her relief should not pass.
" Mrs. Sumner "—
I am now reading an extract from the re-
port—
"Mrs. Sumner is now drawing a pension at the
rate of thirty dollars per month. She claims that
tins is inadequate to her support, and prays that it
may be increased to fifty dollars.
When she obtained her pension under the general
law it was the highest rate allowed to widows of of-
ncers who had died by reason of wounds received
or disease contracted while in the service of the Uni-
ted States and in the lineofduty. It is the highest
rate paid now under any general law. There have
been cases where, by special act. fifty dollars has been
allowed. Congress,, by act of July 27,1808, manifested
its sense or the injustice or impolicy of this special
legislation by providing that in all cases of pension,
before that time or thereafter granted by spccial
acts, they should be subject to be varied in amount
aecordingto theprovisionsand limitations ofthepen-
sionlaws. The effect of that sweeping provi&ion was
to reduce every pension granted to a widow exceeding
in amount thirty dollars by special act to that rate.
Such was the intention of the act; such the construc-
tion put upon it. But such a clamor was raised by
those favorites of special legislation as were draw-
ing pensions at higher rates, that two years later
Congress reinstated them in their former rights and
restored to them the excess above thirty dollars
which had been withheld. The law ofl868 is alluded
to toshow what thesenseof Congress at the time was
upon the impolicy of making distinctions among
officers and the widows of officers of the same grade.
The committee are of opinion that law was just,
and it were better for the country that it remain
permanently the rule. They see nothing in the case
of Mrs. Sumner which justifies them in allowing her
a pension higher than the general rate. To do so is
to multiply exceptions to the rule, which are already
too numerous. It will never do to say that the
widow of this major general shall have fifty dollars
per month, while the widow of another shall rest
content with thirty dollars, As their husbands were
of equal rank and drew equal pay, so their widows
should be equal in the pensions they receive, as they
are in the rank or consideration they obtain in right
of their husbands.
There is another consideration to which the com-
mittee cannot shut their eyes. Mrs. Sumner now
draws a pension nearly four times greater than the
widow of the most gallant and meritorious private
in her late husband's command. The widow of the
private may be, and too often is, miserably poor,
with a large family to support, bending too often
over the wash-tub to earn her daily bread. She does
not murmur at the smallness of the bounty of the
Government, inadequate as it is for her support.
Sho# knows she receives just as much as other widows
similarly circumstanced, and is not forgetful of the
fact that the taxpayers of the nation already con-
tribute more than thirty millions yearly to pay the
promised pensions. She is content, because the law
is equal and she gets as much as her neighbor. Her
husSand's pay was much less than a major general's.
Therefore she ought to be much poorer; but death,
the common leveler, made her and Mrs. Sumner
equals—equals in misfortune—equals in the honor
of surviving patriotic husbands, who gave their lives
to their country. The private's life was to him all
that the major general's was to him. The law made
one rule for them while living ; it has made one rule
for their widows—not equality, but justice. The
committee are constrained to recommend that the
hill do not pass.
Now, Mr. President, this report which I had
the honor to submit to the Senate in the case
of Mrs. Sumner, has drawn down upon my
head no small degree of censure from parties
interested in the case or in the question.
Whether this reasoning be just or not you
Senators here present shall be my judges. I
have read this extract from the report as the
best argument I could produce why the bill
now under consideration should not pass. If
this bill passes we must pass all the other bills
of a like character upon the Calendar; nay,
sir, I shall move myself for the reconsider-
ation of the vote by which the bill for the
relief of Mrs. Sumner was indefinitely post-
poned.
Mr. CAMERON. And I will second it.
Mr. PBATT. One other reason, Mr. Presi*
dent, and I will close. I have been importuned
very much to allow this bill to come up. It
came to the committee-room under remarkable
circumstances. I will not state under what
circumstances that bill passed the House, but
it came to the Senate and was referred to the
Committee on Pensions without one particle of
evidence, and there is not now before the
Senate a particle of evidence, that the husband
of this estimable lady died on account of
wounds or injuries or disease contracted while
he was in the service of the United States.
These, very briefly, are the reasons why I
have felt constrained to oppose this bill, as I
have all other bills of a like character. If the
Senate are determined to overrule the decision
of the Committee on Pensions, the responsibil-
ity rests upon the Senate, not upon me. I
have endeavored, in the administration of the
pension laws, to regard all persons of the same
rank as entitled to equal privileges and rights
before the law.
This is all I have to say.
[Mr. Pratt subsequently said he had con-
founded Mrs. Morris's case with that of Mrs.
Wood in the statement that the bill had come
from the House unaccompanied by any evi-
dence. 3
