274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
that he oared not for publications, as he had
determined to iio his duty irrespective ot cen-
sure or applause: a noble sentiment, worthy
of the mo-.t eminent patriotism, and which
could only come troni the most exalted sense
of conscious integrity of purpose. He was
unl ke some men of ■celebrity, who appear
greater in distant perspective winch huies
their weaknesses and tailings from public view,
but when brought into proximity with their
admirers detract from the enchantment of the
, picture and its impress upon the imagination.
Bui Mr. Davis's mental and moral propor-
tions will suffer 110 diminution when brought
into close and familiar connection. He was a
strong man in wll and intellect, and with a
mind enriched by the fruits of learning and
experience he never compromised his dignity,
nor lessened the prestige which his reputation
had secured. He was a man of solid charac-
ter and attainments and of refined tastes and
habits.
The loss of such a one at any time must be
severely felt, but at this period of our history,
when we are almost in a transition state from
war to peace, and engaged in the great work
ot' restoration, the loss i3 more sensible and
intense. We shall miss him in council, in
debate, in the social circle, in personal inter-
course, and in friendly relatious. Cicero said,
" The life of the dead is placed in the mem-
ory of the living." We cherish a pride that
we knew Mr. Davis so well; that he served
his country faithfully: that, no taiut ever at-
tached to his name while living, and that no
stain can ever disfigure tae bright escutcheon
of his memory now he has gone. But his sun
has set; not in the etfulgence of noonday
life, but in the evening calm and stillness, when
•• coming events" signal their approach, and
the lnminoug yet soft and mellow tints are
thrown in beauteous rays upon the reflecting
sky.
A renowned hero, when about to take his
departure from earth, said, '' Let us cross the
river and rest under the shadows of the trees."
May we not hope that onr deceased friend has
safely passed the river of life, and found a rest-
ing-place nmong the trees of Paradise, where
golden fruits are gathered and enjoyed?
We who survive, and on whom great respon-
sibilities rest, should learn the solemn lesson
which this day and thiB event teach us.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, the trib-
utes paid to-day to the memory of the departed
Senator from Kentucky awaken in my heart
peculiar memories. Wore than thirty years
ngo I was informed that a lady, traveling in
the cars, had been taken suddenly ill while
passing through the village in which I then
lived. She was taken to the inn, where she
was forced to remain for weeks, and during
that time my family ministered to her comfort
until her recovery was complete. The lady
was Mrs. Garrett Davis ; and from that time
dates an intimate friendship between Mr. Da-
vis and myself which nothing ever impaired in
tiie slightest degree while he lived. During
the long years which have passed over me
since then, I learned to know and love the
generous, warm-hearted gentleman, the honest
and laithtul friend, whose death we now de-
p.ore. Few men have died leaving behind
them less bitterness or less cause for unpleas-
ant recollections. Ho was a warm friend and
an oj en Ibe; and these two qualities rate
highly in my estimation.
()i Mr. Davis s public life only one thing
can be justly said. He was always true to his
convictions, and bold in their advocacy. In
his earlier years he was a friend and disciple
nt' Henry Clay, and for many years the State
winc-ii gave him birth honored itself by elect-
ii.g tiiin to ibe House of Representatives,where
iie piayed an honorable part in the duties of
his position, and at last he was transferred to
this butly to represent his native State.
i When the conspiracy to overthrow our Gov-
1 eminent developed, nis patriotism blazedtorth,
' and lie at once took up arms to maintain the
authority of tlie laws and to preserve tile Union
he re\eied. And it was only when the great
revolution of emancipation came face to face
with the country that he cooled in his rever-
ence and love ot the Federal power. Many
of us regretted, and still regret, that he did
not see his way clear to support that just and
great measure. But our regret was mingled
with sympathy for one whose education and
surroundings made it next to impossible for
linn to see clearly through the mist and dark-
ness of early prejudice and early training.
Even in his opposition, however, the nature
and virtues of the man shone clearly. Being
convinced that the emancipation of the slaves
was wrong, he opposed it and all legislation
flowing from it with an honest intensity which
made those who regretted hiscourse admire his
straitforward, manly conduct, and while many
disagreed with him all respected him. He was a
fratik, free-hearted gentleman, fulfilling all the
duties of life with conscientious fidelity and
leaving behind him the fame of an industrious
public servant and a thoroughly honest man.
With a heart full of sorrow tor the friend of
uiy earlier days, and the colleague of my age,
I have felt it to be my duty to mingle a few
rugged, but honest words in his honor and to
his memory.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I knew
Mr. Davis well. My acquaintance with him
commenced twenty-seven years ngo, when we
were members of the House of Kepresenta-
tives. He was a man of uncommon force of
mind, earnestness of purpose, industry, purity,
and courage. He had very lofty sentiments
of honor, virtue, and patriotism, and he strove
to approach as nearly as possible to his high
ideal. Of a quick and nervous temperament,
he sometimes in the heat of speech gave offense,
but no man that I ever knew was more ready
than he to make reparation when he saw that
he had erred. He never ineaut to be unjust,
and it was only necessary to convince him that
he had been, to draw from him the amplest
atonement. He was a ready and powerful
debater ; speaking frequently, from the fulness
of a well-stored mind, in order to discharge
what he deemed to be his duty, and never to
gratify a feeling of personal vanity. And few
meu, however well informed, ever listened to
him without deriving instruction from what he
said. He had a profound love for his country
and for the original Constitution. His ad-
miration of that instrument was almost with-
out limit. He considered it the wisest consti-
tution of government ever ordained, and he
never could regard what bethought a violation
of it without real pain and suffering.
At the bar he occupied a prominent place.
Next to constitutional law, the common law
seemed to me to be his favorite study. And
he possessed in a high degree the qualities 1
that make the successful practitioner. By his
death the country has lost an able and ex- j
perienced statesmen, the law a learned and :
industrious advocate, and a large circle of !
acquaintances a true and valued friend. |
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I was a
member of the Senate when in 1801 our
departed Senator entered it, and I was to the
end the daily witness of his laborious service.
Standing now at his funeral it is easy to
forget the differences between us, and remem-
ber those things in which he was an example
to all.
Death has its companionship. In its recent
autumn harvest were Garrett Davis, William
H. Seward, and Horace Greeley. Seward was
the precise contemporary of Davis, each be-
ginning lite with the century and dying within
a lew days of each other. Always alike in
constancy of labor, they were for the larger
pari of this period associated 111 poiitic.il senti-
ment as active members of the old Whig
party; but the teriible question of slavery rose
to divide them. How completely they were
on opposite sides I need not say. Horace
Greeley was ten years the junior ; but lie was
the colleague and peer of Garrett Davis in
devotion to Henry Clay. In the whole coun-
try, among all whose enthusiastic support he
aroused, there was 110 one who upheld the
Kentucky statesman with more chivalrous! . -
votioti than these two. Here they wi i, alike,
and in the record of life this fidelity
cannot be forgotten. It was t > uie honor ot
lleury Clay that he inspired this sentiment in
such men and it whs to their honor that, they
maintained it so liuiy. Kindred to truth is
fidelity.
At his death Garrett Davis was our congres-
sional senior, having entered the other House
as early as 1839, afier previous service of six
years in the Legislature of Kentucky. For
eight years he sat as Representative, and
then, after an interval of thirteen years, he was
for nearly twelve years Senator. During this
long period he was conspicuous before the
country, dwelling constantly in the public eye.
How well lie stood the gaze, whether of friend
or toe, belongs to his good name.
All who knew him in the Senate will bear
witness to his wonderful industry, his perfect
1 probity, and the personal purity of his life.
No differences of opinion can obscure the fame
of these qualities or keep them from being a
delight to liis friends and an example to his
country. Nor can any of us forget how,
amid peculiar trials, he was courageous in
devotion to the national Union. No pres-
! sure, uo appeal, no temptation, could sway
him in this patriotic allegiance. That fidel-
ity which belonged to his nature shone here
as elsewhere. He was no holiday Senator,
cultivating pleasure rather than duty, and he
was above all suspicion in personal conduct.
Calumny could not reach him. Nothing is so
fierce and unreasoning as the enmities engen-
dered by political antagonists ; but even these
never questioned that he was at all times incor-
ruptible and pure. Let this be spoken in his
honor ; let it be written on his monument.
Nor can the State that gave him to the national
service and trusted him so long, fail to remem-
ber with pride that he was always an honest
man.
With this completeness of integrity there
was a certain wild independence and intens-
ity ot nature which made him unaccommo-
dating and irrepressible. Faithful, constant,
; devoted, indefatigable, implacable, he knew
not how to capitulate. Dr. Johnson, who
liked " a good hater," would have welcomed
him into this questionable fellowship. Here I
cannot doubt. Better far the opposite char-
acter, and even the errors that may come from
! it. Kindred to hate is prejudice, which was
! too often active in him, seeming at times,
| especially where we differed from him, to take
the place of reason. On nothing was this so
marked as slavery. Here his convictions
were undisguised ; nor did they yield to argu-
ment or the logic of eveuts. How much of
valuable time, learned research and intellect-
ual effort he bestowed in support of this dying
cause, the chronicles of the Senate attest.
How often have we listened with pain to this
advocacy, regretting deeply that the gifts he
possessed and especially his sterling character
were enlisted where our sympathies could not
go. And yet 1 cannot doubt that others would
testify, as I now do, that never on these
occasions, when the soul was tried in its
depths, did any fail to n cognize the simplicity
and integrity of his nat;,i«;. Had he been less
honest I should have felt his speeches less.
Happily that great controversy is ended ; nor
do 1 say anything but the strict truth when I add
that now we bury him who spoke last for
slavery.
