1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
Time is teacher and reconciler: nor is it
easy for any candid nature to preserve a con-
stant austerity of judgment toward persons.
As evening approaches the meridiau heats
lose their intensity. While abiding firmly iu
the truth as we saw it, there may be charity
and consideration for those who did not see
it as we saw it. A French statesman yet
living, whose name is indissolubly connected
with the highest literature, as well as some of
the most important events of his age, teaches
how with the passage of life the judgment is
softened towards others. "The more,'' says
AI. Guizot, " I have penetrated into au under-
standing and experience of things, of men, and
of myself, the more I have perceived at the
same time my general couvictions strengthen
and my personal impression become calm aud
mild. Equity, I will not say toleration for
the faith of others, in religion or politics, has
come to take place aud grow by the side of
tranquillity in my own faith. It is youth, with
its natural ignorance and passionate preju-
dices, which renders us exclusive and biting
iu our judgments of others. Iu proportion
as I quit myself, and as time sweeps me far
from our combats, I enter without difficulty
into a serene aud pleasant appreciation of
ideas and sentiments which do not belong to
me." Even if not adopting these words com-
pletely, all will confess their beauty.
Hera let me be frank. Nothing could make
any speech for slavery tolerable to me; but
when I think how much opinions are determ-
ined by the influences about us, so that a
change of birth and education might have
made the Abolitionist a partisan of slavery
and the partisan of slavery an Abolitionist, I
feel that, while always unrelenting toward the
wrong, we cannot be insensible to individual
merits. In this spirit I offer a sincere tribute
to a departed Senator who, amid the perturba-
tions of the times, trod his way with inde-
pendent step, and won even from opponents
the palm of character.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, my personal
associations with our late friend, the deceased
Senator from Kentucky, date but a compara-
tively few years back ; aud in view of the just
eulogy, and full, interesting and discriminating
sketch of his career by bis distinguished col-
league, to which we have just listened, approved
as it lias been alike by those who were his
party allies and opponents in this Chamber,
1 might well hesitate to detain the Senate by
any reference to the short period covered by
my personal acquaintance. But that period,
although short, has been full of occurrences
deeply significant and important in the history
of our couutry, and the part borne by Mr.
Davis so useful to his fellow-countrymen as
well as honorable to his name and memory,
that I conceive it proper upon this sad occa-
sion to make brief mention of it.
No period in the political history of the Uni-
ted States has been more pregnant with the
spirit of transition and change, (not to say
revolution,) than the past four years. And
measures of the gravest and most far-reaching
influence, in the theory and practice ot our
system of government, have been under con-
sideration, and, for better or for worse, incor-
porated with our institutions. Not upon this
occasion, sir, do I propose to discuss the
benefit or the contrary to this Union of States,
or their people, of these profound alterations
in our political structure. Behind the veil of
the future and in the verdict of a later genera-
tion must be found the truer answer. But
when the actors of the period to which I have
referred come to be reviewed, aud the several
responsibilities of each to be considered aud
adjudged, I am among those who believe that
the fame of Garrett Davis, of Keutucky, will
gain an increased luster when the record of his
earnest, able, unflinching, and so often eloquent
efforts in this Chamber, in favor of fixing and
retaining contitutional limitations upon gov-
ernmental powers, shall be read and appre-
ciated.
Mr. Davts was an experienced statesman, an
able constitutional aud common lawyer, and
high as was his intellectual rank, still higher
was his moral grade of thought and action.
He loved truth tor her own sweet sake, and the
personal intrepidity which so characterized
the man never permitted him to wander from
her paths. His good faith was kept alike with
friend and foe, aud so clear was he in-office, as
to be not only uncharged with moral delin-
quency, but even by his worst foe unsuspected.
Who would willingly forget the high and
genial courtesy, which so marked his friendly
intercourse. And ho-.vever prompt was his rec-
ognition and immediate his response to any-
thing that savored of defiance, equally ready
was he to yield to the softer touches of recon-
ciliation.
Mr. Davis's intellectual vigor was constantly
outrunning his physical powers, and sitting at
his side in this Senate Chamber I was fre-
quently made aware of the painful conditions
under which his duties were performed.
His was—
"A fiery soul, which, working out its way,
Fretted the pigmy-body to decay,
And o'er-inform'd the tenement of clay."
And, now Mr. President, in the hurried
march of events, in this Chamber the scene
of busy government, is" iL not well that we
should pause, aud reflect how far the moral
life of a man exceeds in its influence and its
importance his highest mental results, and
that in our struggles here this great truth
should not be forgotten: post funera virtus.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, this is
the twenty-second time since I have been a
member that the Senate has suspended its
ordinary business to pay a tribute of respect
to a deceased brother, and of the fifty-eight
Senators in this body when I entered it, more
than half have gone to their final account
Admonished by these frequently occurring
events, that our mortal feet have almost
reached the brink where all distinctions cease
and human aspirations are at an end, how
vain, illusory, and insignificant appear the am-
bitions, and rivalries, and positions of this
transitory state 1 If the hour devoted to a
consideration of the life and character of our
deceased associate shall serve to mollify the
strifes and animosities so often engendered in
this Chamber, and the better to fit us to walk
the path he has so recently trod, it will not
have been misspent.
My first acquaintance with Mr. Davis began
when he entered the Senate at the commence-
ment of the late civil war. He came here an
ardent Union man. We had none more so
among us. As the war progressed he became
dissatisfied with some of the measures adopted
in its prosecution, and though he never fal-
tered in devotion to his country, his course
was not always iu harmony with those con-
trolling its affairs. He was a man of earnest
convictions and fearless in their expression.
There was a time near the close of the war,
and soon after, when, dissatisfied with some
of the measures of the Government, he occu-
pied much time in expressing his opposi-
tion, and was sometimes regarded as tedious
by some of those favoring the measures he
assailed; but who can blame him for giving
full expression to his views in those troublous
and trying times, when the wisest and most
patriotic might be pardoned for mistakes?
It is too soon even now to determine whether
impartial history may not discover that the
measures adopted were not always the best
which could have been devised to close up the
wounds inflicted by a great civil war, and re-
store among all our people that harmony and
social intercourse without which liberty and
life itself are scarcely worth possessing. Dur-
ing the later years of his service in the Senate
Mr. Davis spoke less frequently and more
concisely. His knowledge of public affairs
and of the history of the Government was sec-
ond to that of no one in the Senate, and no
man could listen to him without instruction
and profit. Although he had attained his
threescore years when I first knew him, he
retained all the fire and vigor of youth. In
the discharge of what he conceived to be pub-
lic duty he was bold, fearless, and aggressive.
Iu private intercourse he was courteous, gen-
tle, and obliging. In committee aud in the
transaction of the ordinary business of the
Senate he was eminently fair and just.
To sum up his character, he was a man of
ardent temperament, of a high sense of honor,
of earnest couvictions, which he fearlessly
proclaimed, of great aud varied information,
a true friend to his country, and an honest
Mr. MAC HEN. Mr. President, the insa-
tiate demands of the great enemy of the human
family are continually presenting occasions for
sadness, sorrow, and mourning. No condition
iu life can evade them. All that live must
sooner or later die. No panoply with which
we may envelop ourselves will shield ua from
his piercing shaft. Dust must return again
to dust, and the evidences of vigorous, buoyant
life exhibited to-day in this honorable body
will be exchanged at no very distant date per-
sonally and collectively for the pallid cere-
ments of the grave.
Hon. Garrett Davis was doomed as nil
others are. He separated from you last, summer
in feeble health, but a return to his own native
hills and wide-spreading lawns, covered with
the most beautiful verdure upon which the eye
of man has ever rested, gave promise tlute
soon he would again enjoy the physical energy
and health of which he had been so suddenly
deprived in your midst. Agjiin he appeared at
the bar, his favorite forum for intellectual
combat, but it was only to realize that the
enemy had been foiled and not defeated.
Nature gave way, and on the 22d day of
September last he fell an illustrious victim of
the merciless destroyer's power.
He died with all his intellectual faculties in
noon-tide refulgence, and from which ema-
nated no dim or uncertain light. Had not death
interposed, his voice would to day have been
heard in this Hall sounding the notes of con-
stitutional liberty, and the sunlight of his bril-
liant genius would have shone in the legisla-
tive deliberations of the closing session of the
Forty-Second Congress.
I do not propose, Mr. President, to attempt
a lengthened eulogy of Mr. Davis. It was not
my privilege to have had at any time familiar
personal acquaintance with Mr. Davis. Polit-
ically for most of our lives we had belonged to
contending parties—widely separated geo-
graphically, more widely politically—heanold
line Whig and I a Democrat, he a conspicuous
member of the party in the days when the
brilliaut genius of the illustrious Clay marked
out the pathway of that long honored party,
and I but a private in the ranks of that grand
old army marshaled by the no less illustrious
Jackson.
For the first time we were brought personally
together in the constitutional convention of
Kentucky in 1849. That body had been chosen
not so much from general political associa-
tions as for the accomplishment of certain
reforms in our organic law, and although the
State was then decidedly Whig, a majority of
that body was Democratic. While general pol-
itics had not decided the character of the con-
vention, it in the nature of things resulted that
they did to some extent control our associa-
tions; and hence I was not even then very
familiar with Mr. Davis. He had for many
years been a member of Congress, and in the
discussions of the day, both in that body and
on the stump, which were frequently animated,
and even of a very angry character, had borne
his full part. In my limited sphere I had also
