2200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
same rank, without specifying their names.
The Chair rules that motion out of order and
the Senator from Michigan appeals.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly, I take an
appeal from that decision. The motion must
be in order.
Mr. NYE. Don't. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. Why not?
Mr. NYE. Well, you had hetter not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator withdraw his appeal ?
Mr. NYE. Of course he will.
Nr. CHANDLER. Yes, I withdraw it.
Mr. PRATT. Before the bill is put upon
its passage, I desire to address one or two in-
quiries to the" Senator from New Jersey. He
concedes, I believe, that there was no evidence
whatever which accompanied this bill from the
House to the Senate, that no evidence has been
submitted to the Committee on Pensions.
There is no question I believe on that point.
The question which I desire to put to the
Senator, is this: whether he knows of any evi-
dence that the husband of this lady died of a
disease contracted while he was in the service
of the United States, or died of any wound
that was inflicted upon him while he was in the
service of the United States.
Mr. CHANDLER. No ; he died of old age.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like the Senator
from Indiana to tell me if the Senate has over-
ruled him through this whole session except
once, to-night, and whether he will not allow
the Senate the pleasure of overruling him once
more. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRATT. The Senate, I think, from
the precedent it established a little while ago,
is bound to overrule me in this case ; but I wish
it to be put upon its proper basis. I therefore
repeat ike question to the Senator from New
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from Indiana a question?
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This bill, as
T understand, was passed on the ground that
Mrs. Wood was the sole heir of the late Gen-
eral Taylor, President Taylor, who did die in
the service of the United States. It was
passed by the House on that consideration.
Mr. PRATF. Then the Senator concedes,
I suppose, that it is not within the purview of
the pension laws at all. •
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. It is within the
power of Congress, and it is within our power
to pass this law for that consideration. We
have passed laws giving pensions to the fam-
ilies of and erecting statutes to other Presi-
dents. We have done nothing for Zachary
Taylor. But independent of that, I do know
the fact that Mrs. Wood's husband was a most
efficient officer in the Army; and I have been
told, and am satisfied, that he died by reason
of disease contracted in the service of the
country. I was so informed by General Hunter
of this city.
Mr. PRATT. That is all the information
I wish to obtain of the Senator.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE J'KOM THE IIOUSK.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 968) to authorize the inter-
ment of honorably discharged soldiers, sailors,
and marines in the national cemeteries of the
United States;
A bill (S. No. 1042) for the relief of Thomas
Hollis, of Morgan county, Georgia;
A bill (S. No. 1299) to amend an act enti-
tled ''An act to enable honorably discharged
soldiers and sailors, their widows and orphan
children, to acquire homesteads on the public
lands ot the United States," and the amend-
ments thereto ;
A bill (S. No. 1556) for the relief of William
Spence;
A bill (S. No. 1575) to establish a board of
local inspectors of steam vessels for the cus-
toms district of Michigan in the State of Mich-
igan ;
A bill (S. No. 1584) to provide for a board
of commissioners to report a system of irriga-
tion for the San Joaquin, Sacramento, and
Tulare valleys in California ;
A bill (S. No. 1607) donating condemned
cannon and-cannon balls to the Gettysburg
Battle-field Memorial Association ; and
A bill (S. No. 1637) for the relief of Louisa
Jenkins, widow of Henry Jenkins, deceased.
ROUND VALLEY RESERVATION.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask leave to report
back from the Committee on Public Lands
the bill (H. R. No. 4058) to restore a part of
the Round Valley Indian reservation, in Cali-
fornia, to the public lands, and for other
purposes ; and I am instructed to ask for its
present consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection?
Mr. PRATT. Will the Senator from Cali-
fornia give way while we are on the subject of
pensions until a vote can be taken in the case
of Mrs. General Sumner?
Mr. CASSERLY. I have been waiting here
all day since ten o'clock this morning, never
absent from my seat I think more than fifteen
minutes at a time, on purpose to get this bill
before the Senate.
Mr. PRATT. I withdraw the request.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope the Senator will
not press me on that subject.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. The first section restores all
that portion of the Indian reservation in Round
valley, California, which lies south of the
township line running east and west between
townships twenty-two and twenty-three north,
of ranges twelve and thirteen west of the
Mount Diablo meridian, to the public lands of
the United States, and the Secretary of the
Interior is to cause the same to be surveyed
and offered for sale in legal subdivisions, at
not less than $1 25 per acre. The improve-
ments owned by persons on the lands hereby
restored before the passage of the act are to
be the sole property of such persons, who shall
have priority of right to purchase not exceed-
ing three hundred and twenty acres of land
in adjacent quarter sections, containing and
adjoining the improvements. The proceeds
of the sale of the lands restored, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, are to be used
to pay for the improvements and claims of
settlers now residing within the limits of the
new reservation created by the act, and for
improvements of Indians on lands restored to
the public lands, after such improvements shall
have been appraised and the appraisement
approved.
The second section declares that the town-
ship line between townships twenty-two and
twenty-three north, extending from the middle
fork of Eel river on the east to Eel river on
the west, shall hereafter be the southern
boundary of the Indian reservation in Round
valley; and the centre of the middle fork of
Eel river shall be the eastern boundary, and
the centre of Eel river shall be the western
boundary of the reservation, with the privilege
of fishing in those streams. The Secretary of
the Interior is to appoint three commissioners,
who shall proceed to make an examination of
the country in that locality and report their
views in regard to where the northern line of
reservation should be located ; they shall also
make an appraisement of all improvements
of white persons north of the southern bound-
ary of the reservation, as established by this
act, within the limits proposed by them for a
reservation, and of all Indians south of the line,
and report the same to the Secretary of the
Interior, who shall cause the same to be paid
to such settlers or Indians out of the money
reserved for the purpose.
The third section directs the President, im-
mediately after the passage of the act, to cause
to be withdrawn from sale or entry under the
homestead and preemption laws all the land
lying north of the southern boundary of the
reservation, as herein defined, and bounded
north by the Eel river and the north fork of
the river, east by the middle fork, and west
by Eel river, and the report of the commis-
sion fixing the north bouodary of the reserva-
tion shall have been approved; and all settlers
now residing upon the tract herein described
lying north of the south boundary of the reser-
vation shall remove therefrom as soon as they
shall be paid for or tendered the amount of
the appraised value of their improvements.
The fourth section provides that there shall
hereafter be appropriated $5,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, for the purpose
of defraying the expenses of the commission
provided for in the act.
Mr. CASSERLY. That bill is the settle-
ment of an old subject which has troubled the
Interior Department. It is entirely acceptable
to the Department and to the delegation in
both Houses.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
DEJIPSEY AND O'TOOLE.
Mr. COLE. I have been attending to pub-
lic business all the while and have had no
chance to ask the attention of the Senate to
anything but public business. I now ask, on
behalf of the widow and orphans of a person
who has been ruined by the action of the Gov-
ernment, the consideration of a little bill. It
will take but a moment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. There is a bill on the
Calendar, objected to by the Senator from
Michigan, and which has been read. I have
been trying for some time to call attention
to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill re-
ferred to by the Senator from California is
first in order. It will be read by its title.
The Chief Clerk. "A bill (H. Ii. No. 2945)
for the relief of the late firm of Dempsey &
O'Toole."
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Michigan objects.
J. GEORGE HARRIS.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Now I ask the Senate to
take up House bill No. 3857 for the relief of
J. George Harris. The bi.ll has been read
and nobody now objects to it.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. That is one of those
bills giving rise to the questions treated of in
the President's veto messages.
Mr. SPRAGUE. No, sir, this is a bill in
the interest of a loyal man, a paymaster in the
Navy, for wood and timber taken by the Army.
It has passed the House and has been exam-
ined and approved by the Committtee on
Claims, and there is no objection to it what-
ever.
Mr. CONKLING. There is no written re-
port that I can find at the desk, and although
I dislike to object to this bill, I have objected
to every bill on the Calendar, except when in
the chair myself, which involved one of these
questions, although the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Claims was here and appealed tome
to withdraw the objection.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Senator from Ten-
nessee will give an explanation of it-
Mr. COOPER. It is not such a question at
all as the Senator from New York supposes.
It is for wood and timber taken by the Army.
Mr. CONKLING. I cannot let this bill
