1240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
(S. No. 1566) for the relief of Marcus Otter-
bourg, late consul of the United States at the
city of Mexico and minister to the republic
of Mexico ; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1544) to repeal an act authorizing
terms of the United States district court to
be held at Helena, Arkansas, and for other
purposes, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1197) to create a
United States court for the Indian territory,
reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1321) for the re-
lief of officers at Chicago, Illinois, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1404) for
the relief of Benjamin H. Campbell, marshal
of the United States for the northern district
of the State of Illinois, have directed me to
report the same adversely upon the ground
that the claim is provided for in the bill which
I have just reported.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
rMr. HARLAN. The bill relating to the
establishment of a judicial district for the
Indian territory I prdl'er should go on the Cal-
endar. I understood the honorable Senator
to report adversely upon that bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not the least ob-
jectioh to its going on the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
has been placed on the Calendar.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, from the
Committee on Patents, to whom was referred
the petition of Joseph Nook, praying compen-
sation for the use of his patent by the Govern-
ment, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Claims ; which was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No.- 439) for
the relief of Joseph Clymer, reported ad-
versely thereon ; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
SHIPPING COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 361!)) to amend an act entitled "An
act to authorize the appointment of shipping
commissioners, &c., approved June 7,1872,"
have instructed me to report it back with a
slight amendment, and I ask that it be put on
its passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which proposes to amend section
twelve of the act of June 7,1872, so as to read
as follows:
Sec. 12. That tho master of any ship bound from
a port m tho United States to any foreign port, or
ol any Ship of the burden of seventy-live tons or
upward, bound from aport ou tho Atlantic to a port
on the Pacilic, or inee versa, shall, before ho pro-
ceeds on such voyage, make an agreement, in writing
ojj'ia print, with every seaman whom he carries to
sea .as ono of tho crew, ia tho manner hereinafter
mentioned; and every such agreement shall be in
" T\ nea>' as may be, as hereunto in table
n,„V: m Mp schedule annoxed, and shall bo dated at
the tltno of tho first signature thereof, and shall be
signeu by the master beforo any seaman signs the
shall contain the following particulars,
Y! rst' nature and, as far as praeti-
? duration of the intended voyage or en-
!£? !?«-° p.ort or 00UQtry at which the
dSfnl on Of Th lnatei seco.^?y- the number and
iv® S? wiv?De?ltying their respective
employment, thirdly, the time at which each sea-
man is to be on board to begin-work; fourthly, the
capacity m which eachseataan is to serve: fifthly
the amount of wages each seaman is to receive*
sixthly, a scale 01 the provisions which are to be fur-
nished each seaman; seventhly, any regulations as
to conduct on board, and as to fines, short allowance
of provisions, or otner lawful punishments for mis-
conduct as may be sanctioned by Congress as reeu
lations proper to bo adopted, and which the parties
agree 10 adopt; eighthly, any stipulations in refer-
ence to advance and allotment of wages, or other
matters not contrary to law: Provided, That when-
ever the master of any vessel shall engage his crew
or any part of the same, in any customs district where
no shipping commissioner shall have been appointed
under section one of this act, he may perform for
himself the duties of such commissioner, in like man-
ner as is provided by the proviso of section eight of
this act: Provided further, That this section shall
not apply to masters of vessels, where the seamen
are by custom or agreement entitled to participate
in the profifs or result of a cruise or v.oyage, nor to
masters of coastwise vessels, nor to masters of ves-
sels engaged in trado between the United States and
the British North American possessions, or the West
India islands, but sea men mav. by agreement, serve
on board such vessels a definite time, or on the
return of any vessel to a port in the United States
may reship and sail in the samevesselon another
voyage without the payment of additional fees to
tho shipping commissioner by either the seamen or
the master.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Commerce was in line forty-five, to strike
out the words " or the West India islands."
The amendment was agreed to.
_ Mr. SHERMAN". I do not object to the
bill of the honorable Senator from Connecticut
now, because he has got it under way j but it
seems to me we must dispose of the Calendar,
and I now give notice, before any other Sena-
tor shall present a bill and ask to pass it out'
of its order, that I shall insist on the Calen-
dar. I have no objection to this bill, as it has
already occupied time in reading.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed ; and the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
KXCIIANGE OF GROUND IN CHICAGO.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust the
Senator from Ohio will waive his objection to
a bill which I desire to call up of some public
importance that will hardly be reached on the
Calendar. It is Senate bill No. 1550, just re-
ported a day or two since, in relation to the
exchange of the old site of the post office build-
ing in Chicago for three or four times the
amount of land in another portion of the city
that will better accommodate the public and
at no expense.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must object. My friend
from Vermont will appreciate it. We waste
more time in discussions as to the order of
business than would be consumed in going
over the Calendar. As soon as the morning
business is through I shall call for the Calen-
dar.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As I regard
this of more public importance than any of
the private bills on the Calendar, I move to
dispense with all other business in order to
take up this bill. It is necessary that it should
be acted on by both Houses.
Mr. HAMLIN. We must insist on the
regular order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
the motion.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (fe. No. 1567) to construe section
one hundred and forty nine of the postal code
of June 8, 1872 ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offi-
ces and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and-by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
15C8) relating to public roads; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No; 1569) to introduce the international
code ol signals into the merchant service of
the United States ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. AMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sexit obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
Ia70) to adjust the rank of certain officers of
ar™lery > which was read twice by its title.
Mr. AMES. I desire to state that I intro-
duce this bill by request. I express no
opinion as to its merits. I move its reference
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1571) to authorize the North Louisiana and
Texas Railroad Company to construct abridge
over the Ouachita river at or near Monroe,
Louisiana, and abridge over the Red river at or
near Shreveport, Louisiana; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WINDOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1572) for the suppression of trade in and
circulation of obscene literature and articles
of immoral use; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1573) granting the right of way to the
Leavenworth Street Railway Company; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STEVENSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to' introduce a
bill (S. No. 1574) for the relief of J. C. Den-
nis ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1575) to establish a board of
local inspectors of steam vesselsforthe customs
district of Michigan, in the State of Michigan ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
SOUTHERN CLAIMS COMMISSION.
Mr. HOWE. If there are no Senate reso-
lutions, I ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to finish the bill which was under con-
sideration yesterday morning during the morn-
ing hour. The Senate were all ready to take
a vote upon it. The objection which was
made to the amendments of the committee was
withdrawn. It is a bill which has come from
the House, and it is very important it should
pass, and I hope the Senate will now take a
vote upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is on the Calendar
it will be reached in a few moments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio objects.
Mr. HOWE. 1 thought it was rather hard
to crowd this bill off yesterday, and there is
no sort of probability that it will be reached
on the Calendar. 1 have been waiting a long
time. I have not asked a favor of the Senate
this session, nor had any, and I think I shall
ask a vote of the Senate as to whether they
will consider this bill now or not. I move
that all pending^ orders be postponed in order
to take up the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin moves to postpone the
pending and all prior orders, and that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 3088 to extend for four years the act
establishing the board of commissioners of
claims and the acts relating thereto.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say that it would
comport with my good, kind feeling toward
the Senator who sits beside me [Mr. Howe]
to vote for this motion, but there was an un-
derstanding that we should go to the Calendar
to-day, and that being the understanding I
hope the Senate will not depart from i>.
More good will be produced and more bills
will be reached by keeping along with what
at least is the understanding of the Senate as
suggested by the Senator from Ohio. That is
my reason for voting against this motion, and
1 hope the Senate will stick to the Calendar
under the Anthony rule.
