1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1241
Mr. HOWE. If the Senate would stick to
the Calendar under the Anthony rule 
Mr. HAMLIN. That is what is going to be
asked.
Mr. HOWE. No; that is not what is going
to be asked. If the Senate would stick to the
Calendar under the Anthony rule, I should
stick as long as the Senate would; but an ob-
servation of several weeks has convinced me—
and no Senator will deny that my convic-
tions are well founded—that the Senate sticks
to the Anthony rule only so long as it pleases,
but when a bill comes up that has a few more
friends than the Anthony rule, that bill is
considered ; so that although the Anthony
rule was adopted weeks ago, and we ought to
have gone through the Calendar weeks ago,
we have made but very small progress with it.
This bill would have passed ip half a minute
yesterday morning but for a single objection.
I did not see fit to resist that single objection,
and it went over. Now I merely ask a vote
of the Senate. I have no personal interest in
this matter in the world. If the Senate say
they will not consider it I am content. I shall
vote to consider it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we can get
through the Calendar to-day if we stick to it
and Senators will make their objections
promptly, and dispose probably of all the un-
objected cases on the Calendar. We have
already consumed ten minutes, in which we
could have passed one or two bills. I hope,
therefore, we shall go on with the Calen-
dar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin, to proceed to the consideration of the
bill indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to, there being on
a division—ayes 15, noes,15; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. £1. No. 3088) to
extend for four years the act establishing the
board of commissioners of claims, and the
acts relating thereto, the peuding question
being on the amendment of the Committee on
Claims to strike out in the second section the
words " the 1st day of December, 1873," and
to insert " the 3d day of March, 1873."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed; and the amendments were concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendments be en-
grossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the title was
amended so as to read:
" A bill to extend the act establishing the board of
commissioners of claims, and the acts relating
thereto."
Mr. BOREMAN. My understanding was
that the second amendment reported to that
bill was objectionable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment has been adopted. The first amend-
ment was agreed to yesterday and the second
amendment to-day.
Mr. BOREMAN. I suppose it is too late
to go back.
bills placed os calendar.
Mr. POOL. I ask unanimous consent to
have placed on the Calendar two bills which
were indefinitely postponed on an adverse
report; one is House bill No. 2558 and the
other House bill No. 2559. I want them
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When were they reported,
and what are they ?
Mr. POOL. They were reported on the
6th of February.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to know what the
bills are before I assent.
Mr. POOL. One is the bill (H. R. No.
1558) granting a pension to Elizabeth Jones,
and the other the bill (H. R. No. 1559) grant-
ing a pension.to Henry A. White.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Both pension bills?
Mr. POOL. Yes, sir, both pension bills.
Mr. PRATT. What is the motion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That these
bills be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. POOL. My attention was not called
to the indefinite postponement until to-day.
I only ask to have the bills placed upon the Cal-
endar. I should have objected to action upon
the report at the time if my attention had
been called to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion of the Senator from North Carolina will
be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the bill (S. No. 1250) for the relief
of H. B. Denman, which was reported from
the Committee on Claims yesterday by the
Senator from West Virginia [Mr. Davis]
adversely and indefinitely postponed, be placed
on the Calendar with the adverse report.
There being no objection, the order was
made.
horace tyler.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is reminded that the permanent Presiding
Officer stated yesterday that in the morning
hour to-day he would lay before the Senate a
bill which there was some reason for not act-
ing on in the Senate at that time, bill (S. No.
686) for the relief of Horace Tyler, returned
from the House of Representatives with an
amendment to strike out " $46,410 42" and
insert "$23,566 63."
Mr. SCOTT. The reason that bill was not
disposed of yesterday was that I made a mo-
tion that: the Senate non-concur in the amend-
ment of the House and ask for a committee
of conference and the Senator from Vermont
said we had better dispose of it in the Senate.
I will state very briefly in reference to it that it
is a case which was examined at very full
length by the late Senator from West Virginia,
Mr. Willey, who made a report covering some
nine or ten pages upon the case. I am not
sure whether action was taken by the Senate
at that'session or not; but it was again ex-
amined in the Committee on Claims and his
report adopted and the bill was reported back
upon that report. It passed the Senate allow-
ing $46,000 to the claimant and the House
reduced the sum to about $27,000. The case
involves a good deal of correspondence with
the Department and is somewhat prolix. I
made the motion for the reason that I sup-
posed the,difference between the two Houses
would be more intelligently discussed by six
men than in open Senate. It is a case about
which I have no other feeling than that justice
shall be done between the parties, and 1 made
the motion so that it may take that course.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yesterday the Senator
from Pennsylvania,was not able to give me
any information on the subject, it being out
of his mind ; but if he states to-day that he
thinks there had better be a conference rather
than a concurrence, I shall make no objec-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, that the Senate non-concur in
the amendment of the House of Represent-
atives and ask for a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses.
The motion wes agreed to ; and the commit-
tee of conference was ordered to be appointed
by the Vice President.
Mr. Scott, Mr. West, and Mr. Davis .were
appointed the conferees on the part of the
Senate. the calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Cal-
endar is now before the Senate, each bill as it
is read being subject to objection.
Mr. EDMONDS. Before that begins, I
should like to inquire whether a bill is sub-
ject to objection after it has been taken up
and considered ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is sub-
ject to objection at any time during the dis-
cussion.
Mr. WRIGHT. I trust I shall be pardoned
for making one suggestion before we enter
upon the Calendar. My experience has been
that a^bill will be called up and read and no
objection entered, and, after discussing it and
we are about ready to vote, some objection
will be made and the bill go over, so that we
lose time. I want to suggest that if an objec-
tion is to be made we should give attention to
the bills and all work to get as much out of
the way as possible, and let objection be made
when the bill is being read or about the time
the reading is finished, so that we shall not
lose our time by the discussion of bills and
then have them go over. I make this sugges-
tion because I believe in expediting the busi-
ness.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the first bill on the Calendar on
page 12.
japanese indemnity fond.
The first bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2798) to release the Government
of Japan from the payment of the balance of
the indemnity fund remaining unpaid, amount-
ing to $375,000, under the convention of
October 22, 1864;
Mr. SHERMAN. Let that go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
being objected to goes over..
Mr. STOCKTON. I hope the objection
will be withdiawn, that I may withdraw an
amendment which.I offered to that bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my objection
for that purpose.
Mr. STOCKTON. The chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations had charge
of the bill. He is not in the Senate, being
sick. I said to him that 1 would withdraw the
amendment I offered. As I may not be in the
Senate when the bill comes up again, I ask
leave to withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the amendment will be regarded
as withdrawn, and the bill will now be passed
over.
kentucky agricultural association.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1402) for the benefit of the Kentucky
Agricultural and Mechanical Association.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let that go over.
Mr. MACHEN. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his objection and let the bill be acted
upon at this time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A
objection carries the bill over.
b. a. sellars.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No, 1403) referring the claim of Dr. B. A.
Sellars to the Court pf Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thebill will
be passed over.
the bankrupt laws.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1198) to amend the bankrupt laws.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That may go over. It
will lead to discussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
objected to, and will be passed over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1266) to amend an act entitled "An
act to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No 2475) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United States," ap-
proved March 2. 1867, and the several acts
amendatory thereof.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over.
soldiers' monument at salisbury.
The next bill on the Calendar was lhe bill
(S. No. 1384) authorizing the Secretary of
War to have a-monument erected at Salisbury,
