1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2201
pass without understanding it. If I can be
permitted to understand it, I do not want to
object.
Mr. COOPER. It is for timber taken by
the Army when at Nashville, from the farm
of this gentleman, who was an officer in the
Navy. The claim has been examined and
passed upon favorably by the quartermaster's
departmeut.
,Mr. CONKLING. Why did they not pay it?
Mr. COOPER. They were limited to a
certain price, which he was unwilling to take
for some of it which was very valuable. He
wanted a dollar a cord more.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I insist on the
Calendar.
Mr. CONKLING. If I have the floor I
will occupy it for only one moment. I under-
stand this is a case of quartermaster's supplies,
and I wish the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] would attend to it, which cannot be
adjusted by or before the quartermaster be-
cause the price to which the quartermaster is
limited is not satisfactory to this claimant. He
wants a dollar more a cord than the quarter-
master is permitted to pay. Now, as there
are Senators here who understand that matter
so much better than I do, and particularly my
honorable friend from Illinois, 1 do not know
that I shall say anything about it.
Mr. LOGAN. Was that standing timber?
Mr. COOPER. Some of it was.
Mr. CHANDLER. Cut by the soldiers and
hauled by the teamsters.
Mr. LOGAN. Who cut it?
Mr. COOPER. It was cut by the Army.
Mr. LOGAN. Exactly.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let me say to the Senator
that this question was passed upon subse-
quently by the regularly constituted authorities,
who reported in favor of giving Mr. Harris
three times what this bill proposes.
Mr. LOGAN. I am not making any opposi-
tion to it, and I do not know anything about it.
I do know this much, and this much it is my
duty to say, for I can say it of my own per-
sonal knowledge : if you pay for all the stand-
ing timber we cut and used during the war in
the South, you have not got money enough in
the Treasury to pay for it at two dollars a
cord.
Mr. SPENCER. While this question is
pending and being discussed I will ask unani-
mous consent 
Mr. COLE. What became of my bill?
Mr. SPENCER. I have the floor, I think.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the
Calendar.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This bill is before the
Senate.
Mr, SPENCER. While this measure is
still before the Senate, I ask unanimous con-
sent to take up 
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object.
Mr. SPENCER. You will not object to this.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I call for the
regular order.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask unanimous consent
to take up House bill No. 3805 for the relief
of Nathaniel McKay. It is very seldom that I
ask a favor of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Alabama asks unanimous consent to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill indicated
by him.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object. I ask for the
consideration of the pending hill.
Mr. SCOTT. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. WRIGHT. And so do I.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania will state his point of
order.
' Mr. SCOTT. I have been vainly striving
to got the floor, and I make the pointof order
that it is out of order to recogmze any Sena-
tor who is not in his seat, and this practice
of crowding down in front of the Chair in
order to get the floor ought to be broken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
Mr. SPENCER. I have not yielded the
floor. I am in a seat, or near one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Alabama was on the floor when the
Senator from Pennsylvania raised the point
of order, which the Chair sustained.
Mr. SCOTT. He is not in his seat.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. What is the
order before the Senate? Is it the Calendar?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The gen-
eral order of course is the Calendar. The
Senator from Rhode Island moved to take up
the bill indicated by him, and no objection
being made, that bill was before the Senate,
pending which the Senator from Alabama, not
in his seat, asked unanimous consent to take
up the bill indicated by him, on which the
Senator from Pennsylvania raised the point
of order, which the Chair sustained, and that
leaves the bill moved by the Senator from
Rhode Island bgfore the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise1 to a point of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York will state his point of order.
Mr. CONKLING. I submitto theChairasa
matter of fact that the request of the Senator
from Rhode Island was that unanimous consent
be given to this bill,which has been passed on
the Calendar, and I insisted that we should
kniw something more about it before that
consent was given. No motion was put to the
Senate, but the bill was before the Senate sub-
ject to objection. I submit that point to the
Chair as a matter of fact.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the fact otherwise.
Mr. SCOTT. I have another pointof order.
I desire to get the whole field clear. As I
understand, the Senator from Rhode Island
was also out of his seat, and I desire to get
everybody back to his place, so that all shall
have an equal opportunity of being recognized.
Does not that make the bill moved by the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, when not in his seat,
out of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would be very reluctant to make a ruling
which would upset all that has been done for
the last twenty-four hours. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCOTT. It is necessary in self-defense
to some of ua who are entitled to be heard
from our seats; otherwise, those who crowd
to the front will claim the recognition of the
Chair'all the time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Whenauy
Senator makes a point of order, no matter how
strict or technical, the Chair will enforce it;
but when it is not made and general consent
has been given to a departure from it, it cer-
tainly would be very unjust to undertake to
overturn all the business done in that way.
NATHANIEL Ml'KAY.
Mr. SPENCER. I am now in order, I sup-
pose. I move to postpone the present and all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the
bill for the relief of Nathaniel McKay. In
making this motion I wish to state that this
bill is only for the purpose of enabling Mr.
McKay to go into the Court of Claims and
prosecute his claim there. It appropriates no
money from the Treasury.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama asks unanimous consent
to 
Mr. SPENCER. I do not ask unanimous
consent. I move to postpone the present and
all prior orders for the purpose of taking up
thThe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
stands corrected. The Senator moves to post-
pone all prior orders for the purpose of con-
sidering the bill indicated by him.
Mr. CRAGIN. This bill is precisely word
for word, except the name of the individual
and the name of the vessel, like that just
passed for Miles Greenwood. It is a most
meritorious case, as was that one, and I take
it the Senate having passed that bill will not
refuse to pass this.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I shall not
make objection to the taking up of this case;
but inasmuch as we got along with so much
harmony when following out the general order
of business, I desire now to say that by taking
up these exceptional cases we are led to irri-
tation, discomfort, and dissatisfaction-, and I
am disposed, after this case, to object to any-
thing except the general order, which is the
Calendar. I have been waiting patiently, and
I am patient still, to have a bill disposed of,
and I see my friend from Maine [Mr. Mor-
rill] looking at me as patient and more so
than I am.
J. GEORGE HARRIS.
Mr. CONKLING. If I am not out of order
in making a remark, I beg to say that while
this colloquy has been going on I have read
the report of the Committee on Claims touch-
ing the case of Mr. Harris and I am satisfied
by this report that I ought not to interpose
any objection. The case is much more full,
and full in favor of the claimant, than has
been stated by either of the Senators who have
represented this claim here.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to make a report.
Mr. SPENCER. We can pass this bill in
a minute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There be-
ing no objection, the bill referred to by the
Senator will be reported to the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to know how
much a cord was paid for this wood.
Mr. NYE. The wood question is not up.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is the very ques-
tion before us.
Mr. SPENCER. No ; it is to allow a man
to go into the Court, of Claims and prosecute
his case.
Mr. CONKLING. If I may he allowed, I
can answer the question in a moment. In the
first place, this gentleman was a paymaster in
our Navy, and he is now. He went away to
sea, and thus it was that an interval elapsed
before he could present his claim. He pre-
sented it to the quartermaster, and the report
of the committee contains a careful report by
the quartermaster, in which he shows very
clearly, if he is to be believed, the equity and
justice of this claim, and then he sets forth
the reasons why he cannot deal with it. A
part of this timber was logs of a particular
make, used for pontoon bridges; some of it
was cord wood; and some of it was wood of
another description. The timber for which
this claim is presented was that which he holds
to have been of more value than the wood for
which he was authorized to pay. That is not
the form of it, but I state it in brief; and
therefore he declined to act upon it, and it
came here. The Committee on Claims have
examined it, and certify that he is entitled to
more money than this ; but as to this particu-
lar claim he is entitled to fifty-eight hundred
and eighty-two dollars and some cents ; the
precise fractions I cannot give, but they are
worked out very carefully by the committee;
so that I think the Senator from Michigan, if
he looks at the report, would feel bound to
say he has no right to object to the claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objec-
tion being made, the bill (H. R. No. 3857) for
the relief of J. George Harris is before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
MRS. HANNAH W. SUMNER.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President 
Mr. SPENCER. I now insist that my bill
is up.
