1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1243
tural and Mechanical Association, to pay for
damages to their fair grounds resulting from
their occupancy by United States troops dur-
ing the late rebellion, which sum has been
recommended to be paid by the board of
claims and by the Secretary of War.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that the bill be
amended in this way;
Provided, That this amount shall be payment in
full of all claims for such occupation.
Mr. MACHEN. I accept that amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear
the report read before I assent to the passage
of the bill.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Machen on the 20fch of
January:
The Committee on Claims, to whom this case was
referred, report that it appears from the proofs in
the case that on the 15th of September, 1861, the
fair grounds of the4 Agricultural and Mechanical
Association of Lexington. Kentucky, were taken
possession of by the UnitedStates troops, then under
Colonel Grigsby, and his troops encamped thereon ;
that said fair grounds were handsomely and expen-
sively improved, having a large and fine amphithe-
ater and all the out-buildings usual and needful for
such purposes, and large lawns with shade trees and
seats; all erected and maintained by said associa-
tion and for the advantage of agriculture and me-
chanics; that while used by said troops, and in De-
cember, 1861, the buildings and improvements were
nearly all destroyed by fire, the shade trees de-
stroyed by various means, and a general destruction
taking place of fencing around the premises. Pos-
session was continued of the premises after the fire,
and until the month of January, 1866.
On the 22d of February, 1864, General Schofield, in
command of the Department of Ohio, which em-
braced that part of Kentucky, ordered a board of
loyal citizens of Kentucky to estimate the damages
done to the fair grounds by reason of the occupancy
of the United States troops as a camping-ground
since September, 1861. Said commission duly ap-
pointed made the investigation, and reported to
Captain P. W. Anderson, assistant adjutant general,
on the 29th of February, in which they estimate the
cost of repairing the property injured and making it
as good as it was before occupied by the troops, at
the sum of $34,025, but state that, taking into con-
sideration the greater value of the new buildings
over those destroyed. $25,000 would cover the dam-
ages. The report was referred by Major General
Schofield toCaptain E. Gray, acting assistant inspect-
or general for the Department of Ohio, for examin-
ation, and on the 2d of March, 1864, he indorsed
thereon: "Examined, and the within account con-
sidered proper and reasonable, and respectfully
recommended to be paid-"
On the 23d of August, 1866, the claim was pre-
sented to the Quartermaster General for settlement,
and he referred the papers to Captain Rostimaux,
assistant quartermaster, at Louisville, Kentucky,
tor a special report, who, after having made a per-
sonal examination of the premises, made a report
to the "Quartermaster General recommending the
payment of about $29,900. The Quartermaster Gen-
eral then referred the claim to tue special war-
claims commission, of which Major General E. R.
S. Canby was president, and on the 1st May, 1867,
that commission published notiee that the claim
"wasallowed," but their report not having been
written out and signed prior to the transfer of Gen-
eral Canby to the command of the second military
district, the claim was not paid. ,
In the summer of 186S the claim was again sub-
mitted to the board oi claims. General Jaraes A.
Hardie then being president of the board, and upon
the recommendation of the board the papers were
referred to Inspector General D. B. Sackett, who
also made a personal inspection of the premises, and,
after taking some additional testimony; submitted
his report on the 30th September, 1868, in which he
recommends substantially the same as recommended
by the board appointed by General Schofield, and
says "thatthe estimates are iair and reasonable,
and not a dollar too high." .
The board of claims concurred m these recom-
mendations, except as to the feasibility of making
payment out of the regular appropriations, and in
their opinion there was no appropriation applicable
to the payment, and they recommend the claim to
the special and favorable consideration of Congress,
which was approved by the Secretary of War on the
20th of November, 1868. ' . ,A .
The committee omitted in its proper place to state
that on the 24th of March 1865, a board of survey
was ordered by Colonel S. W. Price, then in.com-
mandof the post at Lexington, and on the^Yth ot
March the commission met, and. after examining
the fair grounds report the accruing damages alter
the former surveys had been made to be the sum oi
"S3 000 "
There is an additional claim for rent, from loth of
September, 1861, until the 1st of January, 18w, at
the rate of ton per cent, per annum on the assessed
value of the property, as made at the time it was
taken possession of by the troops of the Unites
States, which claim amounts to the sum oi arf,
to be credited by 83,312 08, as allowed by the Quar-
termaster General upon that item; but the commit-
tee are of opinion that nothing more should do
allowed on that claim.
The committee believe the claim for $25,000, as
found to be owing on the first assessment by order
of General Schofield, constitutedajustand equitable
debt, that ought to be paid, and therefore recom-
mend the passage of the accompanying bill for the
sum of $25,000.
Mr. EDMONDS. I should like to ask the
Senator from Kentucky whether the place
where these fair grounds were was the theater
of war at the time the United States troops
began to occupy it.
Mr. MACHEN. When it was first occupied
there was no war in that part of Kentucky,
the troops were assembled there for the pur-
pose of protection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What part of Kentucky
is it?
Mr. MACHEN. Lexington, Kentucky.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Perhaps the Senator
from Kentucky can inform us under what cir-
cumstances it was that the United States troops
took possession. Did they hire these grounds
from the agricultural association ?
Mr. MACHEN. Not by hiring. They
seized them for the use of the troops stationed
at Lexington.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How near to Lexington
at that time were any troops who were acting
in hostility to the United States?
Mr. MACHEN. I am not able to give the
information.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Was Lexington, or was
this camp ground, ever occupied or attacked
by the rebel forces at any time?
Mr. MACHEN. I do not recollect that the
rebel forces ever entered Lexington. They
were near Lexington at various times, but I
do not recollect that they were ever in Lex-
ington.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Perhaps the other Sen-
ator from Kentucky can inform me on that
point, because my objection to the bill, there-
by sending it over, would depend on that.
Mr. STEVENSON. I beg the Senator's
pardon ; I did not hear his question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My inquiry was whether
at Lexington or at these agricultural fair
grounds, at any time during their occupation
by troops of the United States, there was any
hostile demonstration by rebel fo> ces.
Mr. STEVENSON. At what time?
Mr. EDMUNDS. From 1861 to 1866. It
seems we occupied it during the whole war
substantially.
Mr. STEVENSON. I think the confeder-
ate forces were in possession of Lexington at
some time during that period
Mr. EDMUNDS. They did get possession
of Lexington during some part of it?
Mr. STEVENSON. I think for about prob-
ably thirty or forty days from the battle of
Richmond, the precise date of which I do not
remember. After that battle, Kirby Smith
came on and took possession of Lexington,
and came down within a mile or two of Cin-
cinnati, overlooking Covington. I think he
was there with his troops probably thirty days,
but I am not absolutely certain as to the time.
- Mr. EDMUNDS. I am reluctant to ask
that this bill go over because on the fact that
the report states, if there are no others, it
seems to be a perfectly just claim; but under
existing circumstances touching the claims of
this character, unless it clearly appears that
this was an occupation as such and for the
quartering of the Army as distinguished from
holding a place against hostile assaults, it
ought not, I think, be acted on. Therefore, I
think I must ask that the bill go over for the
time being until I can understand more pre-
cisely what the facts are; and I do it in no
hostility to the claim itself, but for reasons that
1 can explain to my friend from Kentucky.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
post roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 3274) to establish certain
post roads was next considered as in Com-
, mittee of the Whole.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads proposed to amend the bill by strik-
ing out all after the enacting clause, and in
lieu thereof inserting a substitute.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have some amendments
to the amendment from the committee.
The amendments to the amendment were
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment as
amended, namely: to strike out all of the bill
after the enacting clause and insert:
That the following be, and are hereby, established
as post roads:
ALABAMA.
From Ashville to Mumford.
CALIFORNIA.
From Sacramento City, via Union House, Frank-
lin, Richland, and Onisto, to Walnut Grove.
From Berendo Station, via Buchanan, to Fresno
Flats.
From Jones, via Ilappy Camp, to Oreleans Bar.
INDIANA.
From Leavenworth to John W. Kendle's store.
KANSAS.
From Cawker City, via Jewell Center, White Bock,
and Great Bend, to Meridian, Nebraska.
From Republican City, via Fairview and Prinoo-
ville, to Concordia.
From Republican City to Newton Center.
From Kirwin, via Phillipsburgh and Granite Bluff,
to Melrose, in Nebraska.
From Sargent to Pueblo, Colorado Territory.
KENTUCKY.
From Rueker's Station, via Brown's Landing, to
Southland.
From Carrollton to Worthville.
From Walton to Beaver Lick.
MAINE.
From South China, via Week's Mills and Togas
Military Asylum, to Augusta.
From Waldoborough to Jefferson and East Jeffer-
son* _
From Damariscotta to Jefferson and East Jeffer-
son and West Jefferson.
MINNESOTA.
From Yellow Mcdicine to Lac Qui Parlo, (on the
old Government route.)
From Leech Lake to Ilfed Lake.
NKW HAMPSHIRE.
From Home's Mills, in Wakefield, to Milton Mills,
in Milton.
OHIO.
From Logan, via Union Furnace and Starr Post-
office, to New Plymouth.
OREGON.
From Le Grande, via Summerville, to Wallowah
Valley, in Union county.
From Le Grande to Canyon city.
From Nehalim to West Port.
From Nehalim, via Clatskanine, to Oak Point, in
Washington Territory.
From Portland, via Cedar Mill, West Union, ana
Glencoo, to Greenville.
From Jacksonville, via Central Point, Browns-
borough. and Big Butte, to Louis Valley.
From West Port to Nohalim Valley.
PKNNSYLVANIA.
From Forest House to North Wharton,
SOUTH CAROLINA.
From Varnville to NixviUe.
From Bennettsville, via Adamsville and Gibson s
Store, to Laurel Hill depot, in North Carolina.
From Whitehall Ferry to Coffin Point, on the
island of St. Helena.
TEXAS.
From Overton to Henderson.
From Mount Enterprise to Greenwood, Louisiana.
VIRGINIA.
From Lynchburg, via Bigbee's shop, Terrow'a'
store, to Charlemont.
From Willey Spring to Niekellsville.
DAKOfA TERRITORY.
From Dell City, via Chain Lakes, Fin ley, Swann
Lakes, and Lincoln, to St. James, Nebraska.
From Yankton, viaZiskou, Tabor, and Cooley, to
Springfield. .
From Canton, via Greenwood, to Lincoln.
WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
From Oak Point, via Claskanie, to Nehalim Val-
ley. in Columbia county, Oregon.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
CAMP MOHAVE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2098) to provide for the payment
for certain property taken by the Government
