280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
as au evidence why Congress ought not to
recognize the equity of the claim of these
States, when this act itself recognizes their
claim to ten per cent, exclusive of every
other State in the Uniou.
.Mr. DAWES. I inquired in good faith.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have but little tune to
spare and I desire to proceed with my argument.
Mr. Speaker, it remains for me to show
there is an equity in this case. The State of
Missouri in the year 1857, the same year of
the passage of the Mississippi act, and within
three or lour months thereafter, (I cite from
memory,) in the month of November, 1857,
without asking leave of Congress, knowing
herself to be one of "the other States" re-
lei red to in the second section of the Missis-
sippi act of 1857, passed an act appropriating
the two per cent, reserved by the United
States by the articles of compact with her and
appropriated it to the construction of roads
within her own territory.
And what took place? The Congress of
the United States passed the extraordinary law
assenting to the act of Missouri—assenting, I
say, to the act of Missouri—appropriating the
two per ceut. that had been reserved under
the control of Congress to make a road or
roads leading to the State of Missouri. The
act of Congress to which I have referred as-
senting to the act of the Missouri Legislature
is as follows:
"Be it enacted, tf'c.. That the assent of Congress
be, and the same is hereby, given to the act of the
Legislature of the State of Missouri, entitled 'An
act supplemental to an act to amend an act to secure
the completion of certain railroads in this State, and
for other purpose?/ approved ou the 19th day of
November, 1857, appropriating the two per cent, of
the net proceeds of sale of the public lands in said
State, reserved by existing laws to be expended
under the direction of Congress, but hereby relin-
linquished to that State, and that the proper ac-
counting officers of the Government are hereby
authorized and required to audit and pay the
accounts for the same, as in the case of the three per
cent, land fund of said S'ate."—11 United States
£jtattUe8-at-Large, page 388.
Congress in 1859 thus assents to the act of
the Missouri Legislature passed in Novem-
ber, 1857, appropriating the two per cent,
fund reserved to the United States by the
compact with Missouri, and thereby confess-
ing that by the second section of the Missis-
sippi act of 1857 Missouri was one of " the other
States" entitled to the two per cent, fnivl.
Why, I ask the House now, should the
Congress of the United States hesitate to
assent to the petition of Ohio, to the petition
of Indiana, and to the petition of Illinois,
upon the same ground that the Congress did
assent to the act of Missouri? Missouri inter-
preted the law of Mississippi as we interpret
it, and passed her law in advance, in 1857.
The Congress of the United States did not
hesitate gracefully to acknowledge the right
of Missouri so to do by saying the United
States assents to her act appropriating , the
two per cent fund and reciting it in the text
of the law, so that the people might not mis-
understand the ground upon which Congress
placed its legislation.
Gentlemen have talked here learnedly
against allowing this claim of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois. Although that may have been
the meaning of the second section of the act
of 1857, they have talked learnedly against
allowing it. And pray why not? I said be-
fore that these three States demaud this as an
act of justice of the United States. They gave
to the Government of this country a full and
valuable equivalent for the undertaking of the
United States " to make a road leading from
the waters of the Atlantic to the Ohio river,
and to the State of Ohio, and through the
State of Ohio, and to the State of Indiana, and
to the State of Illinois." I quote the lan-
guage of the act of the United States and its
covenant. It had made the same agreement
with Missouri to make a road or roads leading
to that State.
These three States, in consideration of this
agreement of the United States—and I ask the
attention of the House to this—surrendered to
the United States in their articles of compact
their right to tax lands sold by the United
States within their respective limits for the
period of five years, a right of which Con-
gress cannot of itself deprive any State ; it is
a right inherent in the States; it is a power
reserved to them under the Constitution. It
is a right ruled more than once by the Supreme
Court of the United States to be a right
inherent in the States without limitation or
restriction, save as to United States properly,
United States securities, aud the salaries of
United States officers. What did this right of
taxation thus surrendered to the United States
amount to in money? The public lands in
those three States which demand this act of
justice were about one hundred and twenty
million acres. This represented at $1 25
per acre, $150,000,000, taxatiou upon which
immense amount was suspended for five years
within the limits of each of these States.
I assume that the bulk of all these lands
passed into private hands more than twenty
years ago. At one per cent, taxation, which is
a very low rate of taxation upon $150,000,000;
this would make a l'uud ot $7,500,000; add
the interest at six per cent, for the twenty
years it has run, which makes $9,000,000
more; add the two, and you have an aggre-
gate of $16,500,000 of a consideration paid
by the surrender of an inherent right ot taxa-
tion on the part of these three States, lu
consideration thereof the United States did
solemnly covenant and agree in the acts of
admission of these States aud each of them :
first, with the State of Ohio to construct a road
leading from the waters emptying into the At-
lantic to the Ohio river, to said State, and
" through the same;" and with Indiana 11 to"
said State, and with Illinois "to" said State.
I make the point here to this House that the
United States never built a road to the State
of Ohio. Never. The language of the act
admitting the State, or authorizing its ereciion
into a State, in which this covenant occurs, to
wit, the act of 1802, is : " to the Ohio, to said
State, and through the same." Every one at
all conversant with the fact knows that the
Ohio never was a part of the State of Ohio.
It is a part of the State of Virginia. The
que.stion became a mailer of criiiti over.-y, aud
it was ruled and settled in the Supreme Court.
I repeat the words: the road was lo be made
leading " totheOhio, to said Slate, and through
the same." The agreement of the United States
was to bridge the river, to connect the. waters
of the Ohio with the waters of the Atiuntic by a
continuous road. Unless gentlemen -appose
a road could be built on the water .,e in the
water, the people of our State wei ; left with-
out a road to said State unless the river was
bridged. The nation neverbuiltit. We paid for
bridging the river more than the amount here
demanded, and never have been credited with it.
And in addition to that let me say that the
river not being bridged, has been impassible
to any sort of craft for days and days at a time.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will my col-
league yield to me for a moment?
Mr. BINGHAM. How much time have I
left?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has three
minutes of his hour left.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the House will
allow me to proceed further than to the end
of my time.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I hope the House
will extend my colleague's time.
Mr. BINGHAM. Allow me ten minutes
more.
Mr. PERCE. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to allowing the gentleman the exten-
sion of the time he asks.
There was no objection ; and Mr. Bingham's
time was extended ten minutes.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield now to my col-
league, [Mr. SHELLABARGER.J
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
think, from inquiries which have been made of
me privately around the House, that probably
an exceedingly important element in this dis-
cussion is to be found in this, that it is alleged
that by the terms of these enabling acts put
along with the provisions of the acts in rela-
tion to Alabama and Mississippi, these States
are to be charged with that work whicji has
been done in coi'Structing the Cumberland
road to the State of Ohio ; to wit, the work
done in the States of Maryland, Virginia, and
Pennsylvania.
Now, then, the thing to which I wanted to
direct the mind of the House, and to ask the
attention of gentlemen is this: whether in ad-
dition to the plain words of the act of 1857,
which requires a settlement to be made with
these States, there is not this fact in the case,
to wit, that the Government of the United
States has already once itself given a con-
struction to the act of 1857. My understand-
ing is that it has, and that that construction
was given in the settlement which was made
in behalf of the State of Missouri. It charged
the State of Missouri with no part of the ex-
penditures which had been made in construct-
ing a road toward the State of Missouri.
Had it charged Missouri, of course the claim
of Missouri would have been exhausted,
because the amount expended outside of
Missouri would have been greater than the
claim of all the States put together. There
is, therefore, a conclusive construction by
the Government itself of the act of 1857, by
which the Government has said that it would
not charge Missouri for work done outside the
State.
Well, now then, there is this additional fact:
not only did not the Government charge the
State of Missouri with work done outside of
Missouri, but so also did not the Government
charge Missouri with the work done in Mis-
souri. It was probably limited to surveys,
but nevertheless it was as much work done in
Missouri toward the construction of roads as
anything else. The State of Missouri was not
even charged with that.
Mr. Speaker, my State does not come here
as a petitioner asking the bounty of Congress,
we want our fellow-members to act upon this
question an they would if they were sitting as
judges. We think our claim is admissible
upon every principle of fair play and justice
and equity. If T am mistaken in my facts I
hope my colleague will correct me.
Air. BINGHAM. My colleague is not mis-
taken in his facts. I had stated the fact already
that the Government by its action in the Mis-
souri case had given a construction to the law
of 1857.
Now, Mr. Speaker, allow me to say another
word. Twenty-eight hundred thousand dollars
were expended in the State of Maryland 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM. The House extended my
time for ten minutes, and that time has not
expired, I think.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was under the
impression that the gentleman's time had been
extended for five minutes only. The gentle-
man will proceed.
Mr. BINGHAM. But one word more. Of
this two per cent, fund, $2,800,000 was ex-
pended in the States of Maryland, Pennsyl-
vania, and Virginia. Those States never for a
single hour surrendered the right of taxation,
or gave any equivalent whatever therefor to
the United States. And it does not become
Representatives from Maryland, Pennsylvania,
Virginia, or West Virginia, the States that have
received the whole benefit of this road as a
gratuity within their limits, to come here and
say to Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, "Though the
road has been given to us you shall pay for it."
I know their Representatives will do nothing
of the kind.
It does not becoipe any of the other States
admitted into this Union that never surren-
