2204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
become owners of said sto^k as is enjoined by the
act of incorporation.
Sixth, by making said company, wfrich was char-
tered to build a railway between the States of Mis-
souri and California, in iieu thereof a company to
traffic in railways and their securities, it appearing
that in the six years since the company was incor-
porated they have built only one hundred and
twenty-two miles of road on the chartered route,
while they have trafficked and traded for some six or
seven hundred miles of railway in respect to which
they have created liabilities of said company, in-
cluding those undcrb)ken by way of guarantee, to
the amount of $47,000.000 of principal and nearly
£3,000,000 of annual interest, &c.
And accordingly your petitioner prays that your
honorable bodies, if it shall seem to you meet, will
cause it to be inquired into whether and to what
extent the directors and managers of said Atlantic
and Pacific K ulroad Company have in the premises
violated the duties and obligations imposed upon
them by the act of incorporation passed by Con-
gress as aforesaid; that, if upon such inquiry it shall
seem ju*t and expedient, your honorable bodies will
take action such as may restore, so far as possible,
the rights of the stockholders of said company who
became such in good faith, and such as may in the
future protect such stockholders, and all who may
bccomc such, from the unlawful acts of those who
may from time to time be the directors and man-
agers of said company; and that you will take such
lurther action in the premises as in your wisdom
may seem fit.
I move that this petition be referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I present four
petitions of citizens of Maine, representing
that they served more than sixty days in the
Aroostook war (so called) in the years 1839
and 1840; that they were called out to defend
the frontier settlements of Maine against the
depredations of the British ; that the service
rendered and the hardships endured at that
time were of such a nature as in their opinion
should entitle them to a pension equal to that
granted to those soldiers of the war of 1812
who served only sixty days. They therefore
pray Congress for relief, and ask that a pen-
sion may be granted them. I move the refer-
ence of these petitions to the Committee on
Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citizens
of Boston, praying that the President may not
sign a certain amendment to the bankrupt law;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
postal telegraph report.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the following
resolution, reported it without amendment; and
it was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That there bo printed for the use of the
senate tvvo thousand copies additional of Senatere-
port on the bill to connect the telegraph with the
postal service, being report No. 242.
order of business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The pending question
is on the motion of the Senator from Alabama,
[Mr. Spkxcer,] to take up a bill for the relief
of one McKay.
Mr. SPENCER. I insist on a vote.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have not the
slightest objection, but there are two or three
kindred bills, and if the Senate are disposed to
take this up, I am perfectly willing, but I want
them all acted on.
Mr. SPENCER. They should all be passed.
homesteads to actoal settlers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 450) to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public lands.
_ The amendment was to add to the first sec-
tion of the bill the following:
But nothing herein contained shall be construed
as repealing the act entitled "An act to enable hon-
orably discharged soldiers, their widows and orphan
children, to acquire homesteads on the publiclands,"
approved April 4 1872, and the act ameudatoiy
t.heroof, approved June 8,1872: Provided, That no
oath or aBirmation other than the oath or affirma-
tion to support the Constitution of the United
States shall hereafter be required to be taken by any
person claiming the benefit of this aot and the acts
of wmch this is amendatory.
The amendment was concurred in.
columbia college.
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 957)
supplemental to the act of February 9, 1821,
incorporating the Columbia College in the
District of Columbia. The amendment of the
House of Representatives was to strike out all
after the enacting clause and insert a substi-
tute.
The amendment was concurred in.
nOUSE bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 4071) to provide for the
erection of a public building for post office and
other United States offices at Jersey City, New
Jersey, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds."
The bill (H. R. No. 3743) granting the right
of way to the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa
F6 Railroad Company was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 4069) to correct an error
in section thirteen of the aot of June 6, 1872,
entitled "An act to reduce duties on imports
and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," and to amend certain sections of
other acts relating to internal revenue, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 4070) for the relief of
the sureties of James L. Collins, late receiver
of public moneys at Santa F6, New Mexico,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
credit mobilier report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before
the Senate the following concurrent resolution
of the House of Representatives:
Resolved, (the Scna.te concurring,) That there be
printed ten thousand copies of the report of the
testimony of the select Committee on the Union
Pacific Railroad Company and Credit Mobiher, of
which Mr. Wilson, of Indiana, is chairman, seven
thousand for the use of the House, and three thou-
sand for the use of the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend by cut-
ting down the quantity for the Senate to one
thousand. We do not want them. I am will-
ing to give the House all they ask.
Mr. STEWART. We do not need very
many of them, because we have had enough to
base legislation upon, it seems; and I wish to
record myself that that legislation when it
works itself out will be a bigger job than the
Credit Mobilier.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was concurred in.
agricultural report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before
the Senate the concurrent resolution of the
House of Representatives for the printing of
extra copies of the agricultural report for 1872 ;
and it was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on taking up the bill called
up last evening by the Senator from Alabama,
[Mr. Spexcer.]
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. We have a large number of cases on the
executive Calendar.
Mr. SPENCER. 1 hope the Senator will
allow this bill to pass.
Mr. SAWYER. I want to ask the Senator
from Michigan to withdraw his motion for a
moment that I may make a statement. it
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will re-
new the motion I will withdraw it.
Mr. SAWYER. I cannot consent to that,
because I want a little bill passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Michigan moves that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope my friend will
not insist on that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will not insist on the
yeas and nays, but ask for a division.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 7, noes 8 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. SPENCER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
can do no business whatever.
Mr. SPENCER. Senators must be satisfied
that there is a quorum present. I move that
we proceed to the consideration of executive
business
• The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
can do no business under the circumstances.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
take a recess for ten minutes. By that time
I am satisfied there will be a quorum here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
can entertain no motion in the present atti-
tude of affairs.
message prom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
1088) to authorize the Secretary of the In-
terior to settle the claims of Messrs. Durfee &
Peck and E. H. Durfee for supplies furnished
the Indians in Montana iu the winter of 1869,
without amendment.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 3594) to authorize
the Attorney General to adjust the claims of
the Government upon the purchasers of prop-
erty at Harper's Ferry, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
call Off the senate.
After the lapse of fifteen minutes.
Mr. SPENCER. I am satisfied there area
good many more than a quorum present. I
move that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
pending is that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business. The last
division disclosed the fact that there was not a
quorum present. The Chair is satisfied there
is not one now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move a recess for one
hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
cannot entertain any motion whatever in the
absence of a quorum.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is not in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will staie to the Senator from Vermont that he
is acting in this matter under advice from the
"Vice President, who holds that a motion to
adjourn is not in order for the reason that it
would break up this Congress and destroy the
pending business. Ihe Chair rules upon that
motion as he has been instructed to do by the
Vice President
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it in order to make a
report ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not until a
quorum is present.
