1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
dered the right of taxation, and yet had the
benefit of the five per eeut. fund, to come
here and resist the passage of this bill. It
does uot become the Representatives of the
whole people of the United Suites to refuse
to do this act of simple, even-handed justice
to seven millions of their countrymen, enjoined
upon them by the written covenant and the
pledged t'aith of the American people.
The first question was upon agreeing to the
amendment moved by Mr. Saruext, to add to
the joint resolution the following :
Provided, That expenditures made by the Gov-
ernment of the Cnitecl States on the national road
and other works of public improvement heretofore
required by law to be repaid out ot the fund reserved
for laying «ut and making ro.ids in the States of
Ohio. Indiana, and Illinois, by virtue of the several
acts for the admis.-ion of the afore-aid States into
the Union, shall be deducted from the amount to be
paid to said State? under this act.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 27, noes 87.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SARGENT called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope uot.
Mr. SARGENT. I think we ought to have
a record.
1 he question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nay*; and there were fourteen in the
auirmative, so (one-fifth not voting in the affirm-
ative) the yeas aud nays were not ordered.
The amendunetu was not agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read the third
time.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that this joint
resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. BING 9 AM. What is that for ?
Mr. SARGENT. I call for the yeas and
nays for the purpose of making a record.
Mr. BINGHAM. Take the yeas and nays
on the fiuil passage.
Mr. SARGEN I'. Very well; then I will
withdraw my motion to lay on the table.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. SARGENT. Upon that question I call
for t.he yeas ami nays.
i hvo:i^ and n.iys wtio ordered.
liie question was taken; and there were—
yeas 10-4. nays not voting ; as follows:
YEAS—Adams. Arthur, Hanks, Tiarry,
l!eatt>, I-.r.:W. Beok. J.ones li. Beck, Bever-
L 1.,-h.uu, Bird, Bi axtuu, Bright, I!uf-
tinton. Lurehiird, liurdott, Roderick R. Butler,
Clarke, Coburn, Comingo, Cox, Critcher, Crocker,
Dodds, DuBose, Duell, Duke, Farn worth, Farvvell,
Forker, Charles Foster, Getz, Griffith, Hancock,
Handley, Ilarmer. Harper. Georse F. Harris, John
T. Harris, John B. Hawle.v, Hay, Hill, Hoar, Ilol-
lnan. Hooper, Kelley, Kendall, Kerr, King, Kinsella,
Lamison, Leach, Lov.e, JIan on, Marshall, May-
nard. McClelland, McCorinick, McKee. McKinney,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroe. Moore, Morey, Mor-
gan, Niblack, Packard, Isaac C.Parker, Peck,Perce.
Perry, Porter, Price, Rainey, Robinson, John
Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon,
Sbellabarger, Sherwood, Shober, Slocum, Sloss,
Snapp, Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson, Swann,
Terry. TuthilL Upson, Van Trump, Voorhees, Wal-
lace, Walls, Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, Jere-
miahM.WilsoD, Winchester, Wood,and Young—104,
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer, Barber,
Bell, Austin Blair, Boarman, Boles, Coghlan, Con-
ger, Croasland, Dawes, Donnan, Dunnell, Eames,
Eldredge, Finkelnburg, Wilder D. Foster, Frye,
Hale, Joseph R. Hawley, Gerry W. Hazelton, John
W. Hazelton, Ilibbard, Houghton, Kctcham, Lan-
sing, McGrew, McHenry, McJunkin, Merriam, Orr,
Poland, Read, Ellis H. Roberts, Sargent, Sawyer,
Scofield, Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, Starkweather, Storm, Stoughton, St. John,
Thomas, Turner, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron,
Whitthorne, and Willard—52.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barnum.
Bigby. James G. Blair, Brooks, Buckley, Benjamin
F. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Cobb, Con-
ner, Cotton, Crebs, Creely, Darrall, Davis, I)e Large,
Dickey Doz, Elliott, Ely, Esty, Henry D. Foster,
Garfield, Garrett, Giddings, Golladay, Goodrich,
Haldeman, Halsey, Hambleton, Hanks, Havens,
Hays, Hereford, Herndon, Kellogg, Killinger, Lam-
Sort, Lewis, Lynch, McCrary, Mclntyre, McNeely,
[errick, Mitchell, Morphia, Leonard Myers, Negley.
Packer, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Pendleton,
Peters, Piatt, Potter, Prindle, Randall, Edward Y.
Rioe, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Williapi R. Roberts,
Roosevelt, Rusk, Seeley, Slater, Worthington C.
Smith, Snyder, Stowell, Sutherland, Sypher, Taffe,
Dwiffht Townsend, Washington Townsend, Twich-
ell, Tyner. Vaughan, Waddell, Warren, Wells,
Wheeler, Williams of New York, and John T.
Wilson—86.
So the joint resolution was passed.
During the roll call, the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. MARSHALL, My colleague, Mr. Mc-
Neely, is paired on this question with the
gentleman from New York, Mr. W. R. Roberts.
If Mr. McNeely were here he would vote ''ay,"
and Mr. Roberts would vote "uo."
Mr. MclNTYRE. On this question I am
paired with the gentleman from New York,
Mr. Goodrich. If he were here he would vote
"ay,"' and I should vote "no."
Mr. ROGERS, of North Carolina. My col-
league, Mr. Waddell, is detained from the
House by sickness.
Mr. McCRARY. On this question I am
paired with the gentleman from Illinois, Mr.
Rice, who if here would vote "ay," while I
should vote " no."
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. My colleague,
Mr. Tyner, who is detained from the House
by sickness, would if present vote " ay."
Mr. COMING O. My colleague, Mr. Wells,
is absent on account of sickness. If present
' he would vote "ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the special order, beiug the deficiency ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. PERCE. I hope we shall have the
morning hour to-day.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from California, [Mr. Sargent,] if
adopted, would dispense with the morning
hour. The Chair understands that the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
who has charge of the business pending in the
morning hour, does not desire to proceed
to-day.
Mr. BANKS. I am willing to allow the
Committee on Appropriations to finish their
bill this morning, if we can be assured of a
morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. FARNSWOIiTH. I shall object to that
arrangement.
The SPEAKER. It is not a matter requir-
ing unanimous consent; it is for the majority
to decide. Of course the business pending in
the morning hour retains its position there.
Mr. SARGENT. Pending the motion to
go into Committee of the Whole, I move that
all debate in Committee on the deficiency ap-
propriation bill terminate in one hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If we vote down
the motion togo into Committee of the Whole,
shall we have the morning hour ?
The SPEAKER. If the House refuses to
go into Committee of the Whole the call for
the regular order would bring up the morning
hour, during which the Committee on Foreign
Affairs would have the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We ought to have
the morning hour.
Mr. SARGENT. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs is not pressing for the morning hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Other committees
are.
Mr. SARGENT. I know of no business
more important during a short session of
Congress than to get the appropriation bills
through.
The SPEAKER. The pet. ):ng motion is
a very simple one and is r.oi. debatable. The
gentleman from California moves that all
debate in Committee of the Whole on the
pending paragraph of the deficiency bill be
closed in one hour.
Mr. CONGER. I gave notice that I would
call up this morning immediately after the
reading of the Journal the motion—a privi-
leged motion, I btlieve—to reconsider the
vote by which the bill (H. R. No. 1925) to
promote immigration to the United States was
recommitted to the Committee on Commerce.
It lost its place this morning by the previous
question having precedence. I suppose it
would now come up next in regular order.
After consultation with some gentlemen of
the House, and owing to the fact that -other
business will necessarily occupy a part of to-
day and to-morrow, I have concluded to ask
the House to take up this bill after the recess
on Wednesday, the 8th of January next, im-
mediately after the reading of the Journal.
The SPEAKER. Immediately after the
reading of the Journal, or at two o'clock?
If immediately after thereading ofthe Journal,
it would supersede the morning hour, which
the Chair, so far as he can influence business,
always endeavors to preserve.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to have this bill
fixed for an hour certain.
The SPEAKER. Two o'clock is just as
definite as after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. CONGER. Let it be two o'clock, to
the exclusion of all other business.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
that arrangement will be made.
There was no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now insist on
the question upon the motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole.
testimony in contested elections.
Mr. McCRARY. I wish to appeal to the
gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent] to
yield to me a moment. There is a matter
which I desire very much to have disposed of
before the holidays and to which there is no
objection. I wish to submit a motion to con-
cur in the Senate amendments to House bill
No. 1048. It relates to the taking of testi-
mony in contested-election cases, and the
time is at hand when the testimony must be
taken for the next Congress.
Mr. SARGENT. I will yield if it does not
give rise to debate.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
taking up and considering the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1048)
supplement?,! to and amendatory of an act
entitled "An act to prescribe the mode of
obtaining evidence in cases of contested elec-
tions," approved February 19, 1851?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Only on the
condition there is no debate.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER. The bill comes back with
amendments.
The Clerk read the first amendment of the
Senate, as follows:
Strike out in section two, after the word " reside,"
in the fifth line, the following words:
The party desiring to take a deposition under the
provisions of this section shall give the opposite
party reasonable notice of the time and place when
and where such deposition will be taken, as well as
of the name of the witness or witnesses to be exam-
ined, and of the officer before whom the deposition
will be taken. Such reasonable notice shall be at
least ten days, and one day in addition for each,
forty miles of the distance from the usual placc of
residence of the party notified to the place of the
taking of such deposition. Either party may ap-
pear at the taking of such deposition either in per-
son or by attorney. Notice to take depositions
under this act must be served during the first thirty
days of the period allowed for taking testimony.
The amendment was concurred in.
The second amendment of the Senate waa
read, as follows:
Insert as section three the following:
Sec. 3. That the party desiring to take a deposi-
tion or depositions under the provisions of this aot,
or of the act to which this is an amendment, shall
give the opposite party notice, in writing, of the
time and place, when and where, the same will be
taken, as well as of the name of the witness or wit-
