1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2205
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would it be in order to
count the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFBnICER. On the pend-
ing question a division has been had, and the
Chair will divide the Senate again if any Sena-
tor desires
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Chair to the rule which declares
that it shall be in order to move a recess at
any time for the residue of this session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That means
the Chair takes it at any time when a quorum
is present. In the absence of a quorum, the
Chair understands that no business whatever
can be done ; no motion entertained. •
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand the
Chair to decide when there is no quorum,
under the rule, we cannot take a recess?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
decision of the Chair acting under advice.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it in order when there
is no quorum to move a call of the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatwould
be in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I move that there
be a call of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont moves a call of the Senate.
The question is on that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The' Secre-
tary will call the list of Senators.
The roll having been called, the following
Senators were found to be present:
Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham, Came-
ron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Edmunds,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe, Kelly, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Pratt, Rice,
Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott. Sherman, Spencer, Stew-
art, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, Windom. and
Wright—33.
Mr. Davis, Mr. Robertson, Mr. Sprague,
and Mr. West presently entered the Chamber,
and their names were added to the list of those
recorded as present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call of
the Senate discloses a quorum of Senators
present. The pending motion is the motion to
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 1173) granting a pension to
Elvira A. Massey and in respect to her minor
children under sixteen years of age; and
A bill (S. No. 1636) to place at the disposal
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue cer-
tain copies of the new compilation of internal
revenue laws.
The message also announced that the House
insisted on its amendment to the bill (S. No.
1444) to authorize the President to appoint
George Henry Preble, now a captain on the
active list of the Navy, to be a commodore,
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Glenni W.
Scofield of Pennsylvania, Mr. Jobs M. Cogh-
lan of California, and Mr. Daniel W. Voor-
hees of Indiana, managers of the same on its
part" enrolled bills signbd,
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 2887) for the relief of
William Johnson, of Ripley county, Indiana;
A bill (H. R. No. 1774) for the relief of J.
W. Holiday;
A bill (H. R. No. 1777) for the relief of
P. W. Standifer;
A bill (H. R. No. 1336) for the relief of Wil-
liam E. Ward ;
A bill (II. R. No. 162G) for the relief of
Kreel & Miller;
A bill (H. R. No. 3946) to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to convey to the city
of Chelsea, Massachusetts, certain land for the
use of a street;
A bill (H. R. No. 4051) making apppropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Governmentfor the
fiscal year ending June 30,1873, and for other
purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3614) for the relief of
Mrs. Mary A. P. Brown, widow of John P.
Brown, late secretary of the United States
legation at the Ottoman Porte ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4014) for the relief of
Margaret Merklein;
A bill (H. R. No. 3513) for the relief of
Dr. W. J. C. Duhamel ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3861) for the relief of
Thomas E. Tutt & Co. ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3615) donating condemned
cannon and cannon-balls to the Wyoming
County Soldiers' Monument Association ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1428) for the relief of
John L. Bullard;
A bill (S. No. 747) for the relief of B. H.
Randall;
A bill (S. No. 1025) to quiet the title to the
lands of the settlers on lands claimed by the
West Wisconsin Railway Company;
A bill (8. No. 1305) for the extension of
time to the St. Pauland Pacific Railroad Com-
pany for the completion of its roads;
A bill (S. No. 1680) to authorize the con-
tinued employment of an agent and counsel
of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 1497) fixing the time of hold-
ing the fall term of the United States district
court for the district of Nebraska;
A bill (S. No. 1464) to amend the charter
of the Griitli Verein Association;
A bill (S. No. 1274) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Interior to negotiate with the
Creek Indians for the cession of a portion of
their reservation occupied by friendly Indians;
A bill (S. No. 987) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to settle the account of
Henry Warren, late depositaryat Oregon City,
Oregon;
A bill (S. No. 1471) for the relief of Josiah
George Jennings;
A bill (S. No. 1183) to enable the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs to purchase and pay
for certain improvements within th Nez Perce
Indian reservation in the Territory of Idaho;
A bill (S. No. 1438) to provide for the pay-
ment in gold of certain wages to seamen in
foreign countries;
A bill (S. No. 1384) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to 'have a monument erected in
Salisbury, North Carolina, to the memory of
the soldiers who died in prison and are there
buried ;
A bill (S. No. 1443) for the relief of the heirs
of the late Thomas Lawson, deceased ;
A bill (S. No. 1429) to provide for the care
and preservation of the cemetery near the city
of Mexico purchased in accordance with the
act of September 28, 1850;
A bill (S. No. 1378) to require national
banks to restore their capital when impaired,
and to amend the national currency act;
A bill (S. No. 1427) to establish the custom-
house value of the sovereign or pound sterling
of Great Britain and to fix the par of ex-
change; .
A bill (S. No. 1525) for the relief of Grace
B. Peck;
A bill (S. No. 1524) for the relief of John
L. Pendery, surviving partner of Pendery &
Gamble, attorneys;
A bill (S. No. 1344) to confer upon the
Superintendent of the United States Military
Academy the power to convene general courts-
martial ;
A bill (S. No. 1283) for the relief of the
State of Connecticut and other States;
A bill (S. No. 1282) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Interior to negotiate with the chiefs
and head men of the Crow tribe of Indians, for
the surrender of their reservation or a part
thereof in the Territory of Montana;
A bill (S. No. 1434J to authorize preemp-
tors or settlers upon homesteads on the public
land to alienate portions of their preemptions
or homesteads for certain public purposes;
A bill (S. No. 1224) for the relief of Howard
F. MofFatt;
A bill (S. No. 1192) for the relief of Charity
Lodge No. Ill, of Free-and Accepted Masous
of Harper's Ferry;
A bill (S. No. 1399) permitting Lieutenant
Theodore B. M. Mason, of the Navy, to accept
a decoration from the emperor of Brazil;
A bill (S, No. 1480) for the relief of W. W.
Elliott;
A bill (S. No. 1551) to amend an act entitled
"An act granting a pension to Captain Henry
M. Scott," approved April 9, 1872; and
A bill (H. R. No. 119) to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to survey, plat, and sell the pres-
ent^ cemetery grounds upon the Fort Gratiot
military reservation in Michigan, and for other
purposes.
reports op committees.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to make a couple
of reports before there is an executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter ) The Chair will receive the reports
if there be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 4064) to refund certain taxes collected
on manufactured tobacco, reported it without
amendment, and asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (FI. R. No. 3384) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to admit
free of duty a bill imported for the Catholic
church at Milford, Massachusetts, reported it
without amendment, and asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
unlading of steamers.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here are two short bills
of a general character; one an act for the
relief of owners of land sold for direct taxes ;
the other an act to authorize the unlading
of steamships at night. The Committee on
Finance think they ought to pass, and direct
me to report them back and ask for their
passage.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R. No.
3045) to authorize the unlading of steamships
at night was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The bill provides that it shall be the duty of
the collector of customs, if there be one, of
any port at which a steamship from a foreign
port or place may arrive, to grant, upon proper
application therefor, a special license to unload
the cargo of the vessel at night, namely, between
sunset and sunrise ; but before any such special
license is granted, the master, agent, or con-
signee of the vessel is to execute and deliver
to the collector a good and sufficient bond to
indemnify and save him harmless from all
losses and liabilities that may occur by reason
of the granting of the special license.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to the third reading, read the third time, and
george nenrt preble.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. A conference was
ordered on the bill (S. No. 1444) to author-
ize the President to appoint George Henry
Preble, now a captain on the active list of
the Navy, to be a commodore. The confer-
ence is likely to fail for the lack of the pres-
ence of two of the conferees. 1 move that
the President of the Senate fill the vacancies
caused by the absence of Senator Cragin and
Senator Stockton.
The motion was agreed to ; and Mr. An-
