187B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1245
faithful service, from wounds or injuries received in
the line of duty, from sickness or exposure therein,
in conformity with the twenty-third section of the
act of August 3,1861, shaii, after the passage of this
act, be entitled to seventy-five per cent, of the
present sea pay of the grade or rank which they
held at the time of their retirement. This act shall
not effect the pay of certain rear admirals on the re-
tired list, as provided for in the act of June 5, 1872.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have
some one explain the effect of that amendment.
Does it increase the pay of the retired list?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir; it does
not affect it at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. The retired list of the
Navy is a matter of great expense to the Gov-
ernment. My attention has been called to it.
I only desire to know from the Committee on
Naval Affairs that this bill does not increase
the pay of the retired list.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maiue. The chairman
of the committee is not here now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it had better go
over any way.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, (after examin-
ing the hill.) Yes, sir; it does.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then let it go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan.) Objection being made, the bill
will be passed over.
acceptance of brazilian decoration .
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1399) permitting Lieutenant Theo-
dore B. M. Mason, of the Navy, to accept a
decoration from the emperor of Brazil. The
bill proposes to allow Lieutenant Theodore
B. M. Mason, of the Navy, of the United
States, to accept a decoration of the Order
of the Rose, tendered to him by the emperor
of Brazil as a testimonial of the courage and
humanity displayed by him in saving the lives
of two of his shipmates in the harbor of Rio
de Janeiro in February, 1869.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. NORWOOD. I beg the Senate now to
lay aside the Calendar informally and take up
the bill that was before us on Friday evening
and take the vote on its passage.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope, that will not be
done. I think we shall come to that bill on
the Calendar.
Mr. NORWOOD. It is not on the Calendar.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. As I understand,
it is simply desired to take the vote on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. NORWOOD. That is all.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The yeas
and nays were called and taken on the pass-
age of the bill, but there was no quorum.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is proposed simply
to take a vote on the bill which was pending
the other evening and which was not disposed
of on account of there not being a quorum
present, I will not object.
Mr. NORWOOD. That is it. It is House
bill No. 1325.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it leads to debate I
shall object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There he-
ingno objection, the bill (H. R. No. 1325) to
remove the disabilities of certain persons
herein named will be considered as before the
Senate and the Secretary will call the roll on
the final passage of the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 48, nays 2; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Blair, Cas-
serly, Clayton, Cole, Cooper, Corbett, Davis, denton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Terry of Michigan, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock, JolinstoD, Kelly, Maohen,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont. Morton,
Norwood, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt. Ramjey, Ransom,
Rice, Robertson, Saubbury, Sawyer, Sohurz, scott,
Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stewart,
Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Yickers, Wilson, and
Windom—18. , . , , „
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler and Wright—&
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Oonk-
ling, Cragm, Edmunds, Flanagan. Frelinghuysen,
Gilbert, Harlan, Howe, Lewis, Logan, Nye, Osborn,
Patterson, Sumner, Trumbull, and West—23.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) tbe
bill was passed.
order of business.
Mr. DAVIS. A few days ago, when we
were on the Calendar, Senate bill No. 1192 was
objected to by the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Edmunds.] He has withdrawn the ob-
jection, and I hope that bill will now be taken
up.
Mr. SHERMAN. We cannot go back now.
Let us go through with the Calendar.
Mr. DAVIS. This bill is on the Calendar.
I hope there will be no objection. It was
objected to the other day, but the objection
is withdrawn. There will be no debate upon
the bill. If there is, I will withdraw it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us go through with
the Calendar. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio objects.
seamen FOJt the navy.
The bill (H. R. No. 930) to promote the
securing of efficient seamen for the Navy of
the United States was next read.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is manifest that that
bill will lead to debate, being a large addition
to the Navy, and I think it had better go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will be passed over.
green w. caldwell.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 208) for the relief of the princi-
pal and Securities to the official bonds of
Green W. Caldwell, late superintendent of the
branch mint at Charlotte, North Carolina,
reported adversely from the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, "Shall the bill be indefinitely post-
poned ?"
Mr. POOL. That bill will certainly lead
to some discussion. I think it ought to pass,
notwithstanding the adverse report of the
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it remain on the Cal-
endar
Mr. POOL. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will re-
main on the Calendar.
dempsey and o'lOOLE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2945) for the relief of the late firm
of Dempsey & 0'Toole.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let that go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will be passed over.
Mr. STEVENSON._ I hope the Senator
from Michigan will withdraw his objection to
this bill. It has been thoroughly investigated.
Mr. CHANDLER. I cannot do it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan insists on his objection,
and the bill will be passe i over.
edmcnd jussen.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3443) for the relief of Edmund
Jussen ; which was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The Committee on Finance reported the
bill, with an amendment, to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury, in settling
and adjusting the revenue, disbursing, and other
acoounts of Edmund Jussen, late collector ot inter-
nal revenue firstdistrict of Illinois, is hereby au-
thorized to allow and pay him such sum as may
appear due and owing him upon his salary and dis-
bursing aocount, not to exoeed thesumoi $o,/4z US;
and in making said adjustment and settlement,
the said Edmund Jussen is not to be chargcd for
any liability growing out of the failure to take bonds
from Hass andPowell upon their distillery destroyed
by fire, or the whisky therein, or m their ware-
house, nor any matter connected therewith.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. Tim
bill was read the third time, and passed.
western boundary of dakota.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2593) to readjust the boundary of
Dakota Territory; which was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
attach- all that portion of Dakota Territory
lying west of the one hundred and eleventh
meridian of longitude which, by an erroneous
definition of the boundaries of the Territory
by a former act of Congress, remains detached
and distant from Dakota proper some two
hundred miles, to the adjoining Territory of
Montana.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
washington territory penitentiary.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No 2629) amendatory of an act set-
ting aside certain proceeds of internal revenue
for the erection of penitentiaries in the Terri-
tories of Nebraska, Washington, Colorado,
Idaho, Montana, Arizona, and Dakota, ap-
proved January 22, 18G7; which was consid
ered as in Committee of the Whole. The bill
proposes to set aside and appropriate the net
proceeds of the internal revenue in the Terri-
tory of Washington for the fiscal years severalty
ending on the 30th of June, 1866, the 30th of
June, 1867, and the 30th of June, 1868, to and
for the purpose of erecting, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, a penitentiary
building in the' Territory upon tbe site desig-
nated by the Legislature and approved by the
Secretary of the Interior; but the moneys so
set aside and appropriated in the Territory are
to be devoted exclusively to the erection of a
penitentiary therein, and are not to exceed in
amount the sum of $40,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
objection to appropriating money to this pur-
pose, but not in this way.
Mr. NYE. Do I understand the Senator
to object to the bill ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
objection to appropriating money for this pur-
pose, but not in this way.
Mr. NYE. It is just the way it was appro-
priated for the other Territories.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But I objeet
to setting apart the proceeds of internal rev-
enue for this purpose.
Mr. NYE. There was a general law passed
some years ago that authorized the proceeds
of the internal revenue in the different Ter-
ritories to be applied for the purpose of pris-
ons, &c. All of the Territories have availed
themselves of it except this one, and it has
got the half of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
my objectiou. _ .
Mr. NYE. It is simply doing for this Ter-
ritory what has been done for all the others.
" The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
mrs. mary davis.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2488) granting a pension to Mrs.
Mary Davis, of Philadelphia; which was con-*
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to plafle
the name of Mary Davis, mother of Charles
B. Davis, deceased, late captain of company F
sixth Pennsylvania cavalry volunteers, on the
pension-roll at the rate of twenty-dollars per
month.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third lime, and passed.
MARTIN ZEED.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2437) to grant a pension to Mar-
