1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
j>ut it on the ground that your property is not
taxed, put it upon some "round that the
people of the country at large will under-
stand : but I deny the right of the committee to
bring in a bill here charging the Government
SI.241.920 02 as a debt or a deficiency when
it is not properly chargeable with more than
$745,132 56. Is it not enough that the Gov-
ernment, instead of paying a portion in bonds,
as a private individual would do, is willing to
pay its half wholly in money? I think it is.
1 shall, therefore, offer the following amend-
ment when opportunity offers:
Strikeout "$1.2(1.920 92," in lines forty-three iind
forty-four, °.iid insert *'$745,152 56;" and add at the
end of line forty-uiuo:
J'ruv.tfcd. That i vro thirds of the money hereby
appropriated shall be used by the Secretary of tho
Interior for the purpose of purchasing, at tho mar-
ket value thereof, bonas of tho Dwtrict of Columbia
is-.*ued under the provisions of the act of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Jui.v 10, 1S71, being the §4,003,000
loan authorised for improvements of streets, &c.
The Board of Public Works were authorized
to borrow only $4,000,000. If we give them
this money over and above that, we are
making the citizens pay the whole four millions,
and putting this much more money into the
hands of this board than thelaw contemplated;
and if we were private individuals we would
have to pay only one third of this in money
and to give our bonds for the remainder.
Therefore, we should now pay one third in
money and then liquidate enough of the bonds
of the city to make up the o'hertwo thirds.
We should not give the Board of Public
Works this money in addition to the amount
they were authorize ! by law to borrow, or the
time will come, at the next session of Con-
gress, when we will be told that we ought to
pay our portion of this bonded di-bt, which I
deny.
It was stated by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnsworth.J with some apparent pro-
priety and force, that Government buildings in
Illinois were not taxed. Government build-
ings in Kentucky are not taxed. Bnt we in
Kentucky, and you in Illinois, elect our own
officials. In the District of Columbia Con-
gress puts this Board of Public Works over
the District; they are appointed by the Presi-
dent and confirmed by the Senate. We pay
their salaries; we do not give the people a
chance to elect the men who are to tax them ;
they have no voice hi it. Therefore, when we
have put these men over the people of the Dis-
trict to do this work, then we ought in all justice
to do what we as private individuals would be
obliged to do, and to do it in the way we as
private individuals would be obliged to do it,
whether we approve of the action of the
agents we have so empowered or not.
While I think the amount proposed here is
larger than it ought to be, I have looked over
the report of the board with some care, and I
confess the expenditure, as a whole, is not so
bad as I thought it was, if this report tells the
truth, and if I have got to the bottom of it.
But they have gone now to the limit of the
authority given by the organic act. And in
this bill, which should be' limited strictly to
deficiencies, we should pay only one half
instead of five sixths of this amount, and of
that only one third should be paid in money,
and the other two thirds in reducing the bonded
debt of the District, or in some other way to
relieve the people, and not to encourage ex-
travug mcu.
[Here 'he hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend tho
pending paragraph by adding the following :
And such, payment shall only be mada upon vouch-
ers approved by a bo.ird of three engineers of the
Army detailed by the chief of engineers.
I believe the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Btjrchard] is to strike out
the proviso; otherwise my amendment would
not be germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Burchard] is to
insert something in the proviso, not to strike
out anything.
Mr. BURCHARD. My amendment is to
be made a portion of the proviso.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will move to strike out the proviso and
insert his amendment in lieu of it, then my
amendment will be in order. i
Mr. BURCHARD. I prefer it as I have
offered it. j
Mr. HOLMAN. I want to say a word in j
reference to my amendment, and also upon the
general propositions involved in this proposi-
tion. I believe I have never known so large an
amount of money to be appropriated without
any e-timates. I donot understand—Itrust the
Committee on Appropriations do—whether
this appropriation is for liabilities already in-
curred by the Board of Public Works, or
whether it is for expenditures to be made here-
aiter. 1
Mr. FAliNSWORTH. This is adeficiency I
bin. |
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand this is a
deficiency bill; but ia this appropriation fori
expenditures already incurred, or hereafter to
be incurred?
Mr. SARGENT. I will inform the gentle-
man that is for work already done.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I want to propound
this question to the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriation, [Mr. Garfield,] whether
he recognizes the powers of the Board of
Public Works of this District to extend to
proceedings which will necessarily involve
appropriations from the public Treasury? We
have heretofore understood that in cases of
emergency heads of Departments might involve
the Treasury and necessarily compel an appro-
priation of the money of the people to meet
the deficiency.
Mr. G A RFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman's
friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] who I see
is showing the law to him, will give him an
answer to his questiou.
Mr. HOLMAN. My friend from Kentucky
calls my attention to the organic act, which
expressly denies this power to the Board of
Public Works of this District.
The gentleman from Ohio, the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, has of
course had occasion to examine this law. It
is certainly sufficiently remarkable that in pro-
found peace we are to appropriate money from
time to time for deficiencies occasioned by the
over-expenditure of the heads of Departments;
but to recognize this extraordinary power in a
Board of Public Works of this corporation to
involve the Government of the United States
in indebtedness in this way is well calculated
to arrest attention.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman state wherein, in the organic act,,
there is a denial of this power? i am per-
fectly familiar with the law and can hardly
believe that I have overlooked any such pro-
vision.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. The provision is :
"And said Board of Public Works shall have no
power to make contracts to bind said District to tho
payment of any sums of money, except in pursuance
of appropriations made by law, and not until such
appropriations shall have been made."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That refers to
♦he relation of the board to the District Assem-
bly.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand the gentle-
man still to assume by his answer that the
Board of Public Works may involve the Gov-
eminent of the United S'ates in liabilities
which we are bound to meet.
Mr. FARN3 WORTH. That they can in-
volve the United States, while they cannot in-
volve the District government 1 That is the
incongruity of the position.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Dawes] will have his attention called to this
extraordinary state of things.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to call his attention to a single
point? The officers constituting the Board of
Public Works are officers of the United States,
appointed by the President with the advice
and oonsent of the Senate, and are empowered
to improve the streets, i'lie limitation, as I
stated in my speech, is that they shall not. ex-
pend tor the District itself without its appro-
bation; but there is no such limitation, as I
think there ought to have been, in regard to
the expenditures for the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. And the gentleman
now, at the very threshold, is willing to recog-
nize the power of the Board of Public Works
to involve the Government, of the United States
in heavy liabilities.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I want that
powrr limited ; but I speak of what they have
done.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Then the fact is that in
making this appropriation Congress is com
pelled to recognize this power in the Board
of Public Works. Will the gentleman from
Ohio inform us what limit there is upon this
power, to what extent this board may thus
proceed ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The power and
the limitation are expressed in the statute.
I have read the act and have declared my
amazement that there should have been no
further limitation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is a general
law forbidding officers of the Government to
incur expenditures in excess of appropria
tions already made.
Mr. HOI-MAN. Yes, sir ; as the gentle
man from Illinois [Mr. Faunsworth] very
well suggests, the general law limits expend-
itures by public officers to appropriations
which have actually been made ; and I think
the chairman of the Committee of Wajs and
Means, [Mr. Dawes.] who has insis'ed that
appropriations should not be made in the
form of deficiencies to meet even expendi-
tures of the Departmpnts, except in cases of
great public emergency, ought, as the chair-
man of the leading committee of the House, to
protest against the precedent which is here
to be established.
But again, sir, I have searched every ave-
nue of information about this Capitol—your
document-room, your folding-tooin. and every-
where else—to ascertain the data npon which
it is proposed to appropriate $1,260,000,
but I cannot find any scrap of information
bearing upon the subject. It may be that the
Committee on Appropriations are possessed
of certain private information of their own ;
but, sir, the public sources of information
about this Capitol furnish no data as to the
I"- Is cf this appropriation. I have seen on
the desk of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] a blue, covered book which seems
to '   a public document ; but I have applied
ia viun to the ordinary sources of information
for a copy of such a document; and I venture
to say that up to this hour not a dozen mem-
bers on this floor have had access to that
' document to which the gentleman has referred.
' Mr. HALE. Mr. Chairman, what I have to
I say I will endeavor to make an answer to the
J objection of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] because I was one of the mem-
' hers of the Committee on Appropriations who,
' when this matter came before that committee,
raised the same objection that he raises now.
! I recognize the force of this claim generally.
I but in apportioning as first presented I could
' see no reason, where the Government owned
on one side of a street or avenue and a pri-
vate citizen on the other side, in dividing the
improvements between them, why five sixths
should be put on the Government; and I made
that point. Now, the reason of it as finally set-
tled on I believe to be as follows : it does seein
to any one looking at it from the b gaining that
1 if the Government owns on one side—or we
