1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1247
vacated by the Commissioner on account of
fraud, evasion of law, or other special cause;
and nothing herein contained is to be so con-
strued as to deprive any actual settler and
cultivator of his right to any land on which he
resided at the time of an entry by another
person under the act to which this is an
amendment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This bill passed the House,
and it is similar in character to a bill that
passed in 1857, covering similar cases from that
period back to 1854, the date of the passage
of the graduating land act. That act was
repealed in 1862. The object of this bill is to
cover the period from 1857 to 1862.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the difficulty
now?
Mr. SPRAGUE. There is a report from
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
requesting legislation of this kind, and a letter
also, approving of this bill. It is owing to the
fact that the law requires settlement and im-
provement for five years; but during the war
settlements were not perfected, and parties
leaving for the Army and other places disposed
of their certificates to persons who thought
they had a perfect right to purchase, but when
they applied for patents, although cultivating
and improving the lands, the office was not
able to furnish the patents. The Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office has a great
many cases of this sort before him, and it is
creating a great deal of disturbance in different
sections of the country. It will be remembered
that by the graduating land act passed in 1854,
where lands had been in the market ten years
their price was reduced to one dollar; where
they had been in the market fifteen years, their
price was reduced to seventy-five cents, and
so on, until when they had been thirty years in
market the price was reduced to twelve and a
half cents. That money has been paid or ten-
dered to be paid by the original parties, but
the original parties are not now in possession
of the lands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And you dispense with
the settlement?
Mr. SPRAGUE. The certificates are in
the hands of parties who were not aware of
this act, who purchased them, and the original
parties have left. The Government has re-
ceived all the money that the act requires, and
in many cases settlement and improvement
have been perfected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But in general I pre-
sume these certificates went into the hands
of speculators, who wish this act to confirm
their title without the requirement of settle-
ment which the former statute insisted upon.
Mr. SPRAGUE. No, sir; the report is to
the contrary of that.
Mr. RICE. Not one of them is in the
hands of speculators. They are in the hands
of the present occupants of the land.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then where is the diffi-
culty ?
Mr. RICE. The difficulty is that they are
not able to prove the continuous occupation
that the act requires.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They have just got pos-
session now
Mr. RICE. They have been in possession
for years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want to object to
this bill, because I am not supposed to know
anything about it; but I wish to state, so that
it will go into the Globe, and I shall-not be
accused of being a pavticcps criviiuis here-
after, that I think the bill will turn out to com-
mit a greater grievance, on the whole, than do
good.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me one word?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have finished. I have
merely put in my objection to the bill.
The bill was passed.
wages op seamen.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1438) to provide for the payment in
gold of certain wages of seamen in foreign
countries; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that moneys
paid under the laws of the United States, by
direction of consular officers or agents, at any
foreign port or place, as wages, extra or other-
wise, duo American seamen, shall be paid in
gold or its equivalent, without any deduction
whatever, any contract to the contrary not-
withstanding.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose that is all
right, but it seems to me they might all get
their pay abroad and come home and spend
the money. I do not know but that it is well
enough.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is just the place
we should like them to spend it. [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. But if you pay one in
gold, why not pay them all in gold ?
Mr. CHANDLER. That will be regulated
by the Department.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will state to _the
Senate that sometimes it is a pecuniary injury
to the masters of vessels to discharge their
seamen in foreign ports; but they can reship
men cheaper when they are disposed to dis-
charge them. If they do so, it is desirable, it
appears to me, that the payment should be
made, not in the depreciated currency of the
United States, as it might be under a contract
made here, but in gold, the currency of the
place where they are discharged ; and it is to
prevent a wrong which might be done to sail-
ors that this bill is introduced. I hope there
will be no objection to it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
kitty ann smith and james a. stevens.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1775) for the relief of Kitty Ann
Smith, widow of Thomas Smith, and James
A. Stevens, of the Cromwell Home Guards,
of Ohio county, Kentucky, which was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. The bill
directs the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury Department to pay to James A. Ste-
vens, of the Cromwell Home Guards, of Ohio
county, Kentucky, the pay of a private soldier
for the period of time from his capture in
Kentucky, at Borah's Ferry, uutil hisdischarge
at Alexandria, Virginia, and to pay to^ Kitty
Ann Smith, the widow of Thomas Smith, of
the same company, the pay of a private sol-
dier from the date of his capture at Borah's
Perry, to the date of his death in the hospital
at Annapolis.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
statue of e. d. baker.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2762) providing for a life-size
marble statue of the late Senator Edward
Dickinson Baker, reported adversely by the
Committee on the Library.
Mr. COLE. I hope, notwithstanding the
adverse report in this case, the bill may pass.
It is an exceptional case, and there can be no
objection raised to it on the ground that there
will be others of the same kind. It will be
remembered that Mr. Baker was a member of
this body during the earliest period of the war
and left his seat in the Senate and became a
sacrifice on the altar of his country. He was
killed at Ball's Bluff, almost within musket-
shot of this city. I think it is but a just thing
that his statue should ornament some part of
this Capitol. I hope the bill will be acted on
and passed, notwithstandingthe adverse report.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let the report
in that case be road. .
| The Secretary read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Morrill, of Maine, January
24, 1873:
The joint Committee on the Library, to whom was
referred House bill No. 2762, entitled "An act pro-
viding for a life-size marble statue of the lato Sen-
ator Edward Dickinson Baker," have attentively
considered t.he same and report that the proposition
is that the Congress of the United States shall pro-
vide a marble statue of one of its lato members, to '
be placed in the national Capitol.
The hesitation to recommend a favorable consider*
ation of the measure, the committee desire to state,
arises from no lack of appreciation of the character
and services, the eloquence and patriotism, of the
distinguished man, the subject of it.
The instances are believed to be rare and excep-
tional where a legislative body has sought to com-
memorate its associates, living or dead, by the pro-
duction of their effigies in sculpture or painting, to
be displayed on the theater of their common action.
The novelty of suoh a proposal could not fail to
elicit remark were the propriety and expediency
less questionable.
If this were not so, an embarrassment quite insur-
mountable must needs be encountered in any attempt
to perpotuate sueh a practice. The obvious difficulty
of determining where to begin would only be less
than where to end, astho latter would devolve upon
th ose w ho com e after.
Once entered upon, it is not perceived that limita-
tions could well be prescribed orenforoed; and so
the work of multiplying images of departed mem-
bers must go on, defying alike all distinction of pre-
eminence, and ending only with the capacity of the
Capitol to contain more.
Mr. COLE. It will be seen that this is en-
tirely ail exceptional case. None like it has
ever occurred in our history, and there is not
the remotest probability that a similar case
will again arise in our history ; and therefore
the argument of the report that it may be a
precedent for other cases of the same sort
must utterly fail. I hope the bill will pass.
Mr. CORBETT addressed the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Ore-
gon has the floor.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, Mr. Baker
was a Senator from Oregon ; and when he was
killed in the service of his country at Ball's
Bluff he was acting as a colonel, and also had
a commission in his hat, I believe, conferring
upon him the title of brigadier general. He
was perhaps one of the most gallant men who
ever offered service to the country. He was
not only a soldier in the Mexican war, but he
was oire of the first to step forward and offer his
services to bis country in the war of the rebel-
lion. While he was yet a Senator here he,
during the vacation of the Senate, acted in the
capacity of a warrior; and he continued so to
act after the Senate assembled in July, 1861,
being absent at times engaged in the service
of his country, and yet he came to the Senate
occasionally, and here, by his unparalleled
eloquence, defended the cause of the Union
against those who were endeavoring to over-
throw it.
I trust that this mark of respect may be
conferred upon this eloquent Senator, who died
serving his country as a coloncl in the United
States Army as a volunteer. I think it is a
case unparalleled, and, as stated by the Sen-
ator from California, a case unprecedented;
and there is no probability of a similar case
ever occurring. If there ever should be a
similar case, 1 am certain no Senator would
deny to a colleague this mark of respect to
his memory. If any Senator of this body in
case of war should steji forth to the defense
of his country and sacrifice his life upon her
altar, I am certain we would not deny to him
the mark of respect of placing here in the
Capitol a statue or monument to commemorate
him. I trust the bill may pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object. Thecommittee
have reported adversely.
Mr. CORBETT. Is it in order to make a
motion to put this bill on its passage ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) It would bo in order to
move to postpone the Calendar for the pur-
pose of continuing the consideration of this
bill, as its consideration has been objected to.
Mr. CORBETT. I will not make that mo-
tion at this time.
