2208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
which may be legally accepted by them. He
asks nothing more. It will relieve him from
a great deal of anxiety if we pass this bill. It
can do no harm under any circumstances. It
is a House bill and has been examined by the
Committee on Military Affairs here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear
the bill read again.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. R. No.
3940) for the relief of Philip Pendleton.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The objection to that
bill is that instead of its merely allowing them
to revise his accounts upon legal vouchers to
be furnished, and settle them upon legal prin-
ciples on his additional evidence, it leaves it
entirely to their discretion as to what they may
consider to be just and equitable, without any
of the limitations that have been imposed in
similar cases. The farthest we have gone that
I remember where we grant any discretion, is
to lay down the principles upon which that
discretion shall be exercised; that is to say,
that the principles which shall govern their
action shall be precisely those that apply to
cases where legal vouchers are produced.
This bill contains none of these safeguards. I
am very sorry to disoblige my honorable friend
from Pennsylvania, but I cannot consistently
with my sense of duty, where a bill of this
kind involves so much, suffer it to pass when
there is no opportunity for investigation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is ob-
jected to, and being objected to it cannot be
message prom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No.
1643) to amend an act entitled "An an act to
establish a western judicial district of North
Carolina," without amendment.
The messagealso announced that the House
had concurred in the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the resolution of the House for the
printing of the report of the select Committee
on the Union Pacific Railroad and Credit
Mobilier, of which Mr. Wilson, of Indiana,
was chairman.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 2079) for the relief of P.
W. Fee, late lieutenant of the first Kentucky
infantry volunteers;
Abill(H. R. No. 3731) to confirm certain
land titles in the State of Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 1158) granting the right
of way through the public lands to the Utah
Northern Railroad Company;
A bill (H. R. No. 3672) for the relief of
Mrs. Ann Marvin ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4030) to pay Charles
Probst, of New Mexico, for supplies furnished
the New Mexico militia during the late re-
bellion ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3945) for the relief of
George Washington and Sallie Washington,
his wife, of Alexandria, Virginia;
A bill (H. R. No. 3137) for the relief of
Hugh McCormick ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4049) authorizing the
transfer of safes from the War Department to
the Post Office Department for use in the
transportation of registered mails;
A bill (H. R. No. 4008) to confirm the pur-
chase by the executive department on the 8th
of September, 1808, of a certain tract of land
at Omaha, Nebraska:
_ A bill (H..R. No. 3302) to aid in the erec-
tion of a monument to the memory of Major
General George H. Thomas ;
• A bill (H. R. No. 2804) for the relief of
Joseph Dawson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 4010) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to deliver condemned ordnance
to certain organizations for monumental pur-
poses ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3735) to amend the law
requiring consular officers to collect three
months' extra pay for seamen in certain cases;
A bill (H. R. No. 2732) for the relief of
Ethan A. Sawyers;
A bill (H. R. No. 2795) for the relief of
George P. Tracy, postmaster at Bridgeport,
Connecticut;
A bill (H. R. No. 2797) providing for the
payment to the Government of Japan the sum
due on account of rents for lands and build-
ings occupied by the diplomatic and consular
representatives of the United States to Japan,
and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1872) to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Mary A. Morris, widow of Major General
William W. Morris, upon the pension-roll
at the rate of fifty dollars per month ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3416) for the relief of
Jessie E. Peyton;
A bill (S. No. 1391) repealing an act en-
titled "An act for the relief of certain Indians
in the central superintendency," approved
June 10, 1872;
A bill (H. R. No. 3045) to authorize the
unlading of steamships at night;
A bill, (S. No. 1607) donating condemned
cannon and cannon balls to the Gettysburg Bat-
tie-field Memorial Association ;
A bill (S. No. 968) to authorize the interment
of honorably discharged soldiers, sailors, and
marines in the national cemeteries of the
United States ;
A bill (S. No. 1042) for the relief of Thomas
Hollis, of Morgan county, Georgia ;
A bill (S. No. 957) supplemental to the act
of February 9, 1821, incorporating the Colum-
bia College in the District of Columbia ;
A bill (S. No. 1088) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Interior to settle the claims of
Messrs. Durfee & Peck, and E. H. Durfee, for
supplies furnished the Indians in Montana in
the winter of 1869 ;
A. bill (S. No. 1173) granting a pension to
Elvira A. Maxey, and in respect to her minor
children under sixteen years of age;
A bill (S. No. 1636) to place at the disposal
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
certain copies of the new compilation of
internal revenue laws ; and
A bill (II. R. No. 3824) granting a pension
to Mrs. Ann M. Wood, widow of Robert C.
Wood, late surgeon United States Army, and
daughter of Zachary Taylor, late President
of the United States.
fort steilacoom.
Mr. KELLY. I move the consideration of
House bill No. 2630.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.
R. No. 2630)* to donate the military reserva-
tion at Fort Steilacoom to the Territory of
Washington for the use of the insane asylum
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. KELLY. This reservation is situated
on Puget sound, in Washington Territory.
It was formerly occupied as a military res-
ervation, but is not at all necessary now, and
the Secretary of War a short time ago directed
a sale of the barracks. They were sold, and
purchased by the Territory of Washington for
the purposes of an insane asylum, and they
have since been occupied in that way. They
have paid the United States for the buildings,
but the land still belongs to the Government.
It is almost valueless. It is situated about two
miles, perhaps a little more than two miles,
from the town of Steilacoom.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How many acres are
there ?
*M.r' KELLY. Prom four hundred and fifty
to five hundred, and there is only a small
portion of it arable in one corner, where the
military garden used to be, and in the other
corner diagonally from it is a spring which
supplied the barracks with water. The rest
of the tract of land is entirely valueless as
agricultural land.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
message from the iiousk.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the resolution
of the Senate to print extra copies of the
statistics of the last census in relation to agri-
culture.
The message also announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 990) for the
relief of Reuben Goodrich without amend-
ment.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 2984) to purchase a site for a
public building at Pittsburg; and it was there-
upon signed by the Vice President.
public building at jersey city.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 4071)
to provide for the erection of a public building
for post office and other United States offices
at Jersey City, NewJersey, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. FRELINGHDYSEN. I ask unani-
mous consent to suspend the rules and put the
bill on its passage.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will state
what the fact is. The city of Jersey City is
now united with Greenville, Hudson City, and
Bergen. It is deemed indispensable to have
one post office instead of four, and this bill is
for the purpose of procuring a site in the
center of the population of these hitherto four
cities, hereafter to be called Jersey City.
The bill was considered as in Committee of
the vVhole. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to purchase a site suitable for post
office and other United States offices in Jersey
City, New Jersey, sufficient for the accommo-
dation of the post offices at Hudson City, Ber-
gen City, and Greenville when consolidated
into the city of Jersey City, and $100,000 is
appropriated for the purpose.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
agricultural report.
_ Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that the concur-
rent resolution which we passed for printing
the agricultural report for sale has not come
back from the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. It has just come back
concurred in, I think.
^ Mr. ANTHONY. I think that resolution
is about the statistics of agriculture collected
in the census returns, not the agricultural
report. Ihe House has sent us a resolution to
print that report in the usual way and the usual
long numbers.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island is correct in saying that it
has not come back. The resolution received
from the House of Representatives is for print-
ing twenty thousand copies of so much of the
ninth census as relates to the statistics of
agriculture for the Commissioner of Agricul-
ture.
Mr>. ANTHONY. What I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to is the fact that there
is no provision made for publishing the agri-
cultural report at all; and as there is a reso-
lution trom the House here for publishing the
usual number, if it is the pleasure of the Sen-
ate to concur in that, striking down the num-
bers, the report will be published; otherwise
I do not suppose it will be.
Mr. 1 RUM BULL. It is printed anyhow.
Mr. ANIIIONY. Yes, the usual number.
