284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
will say if the Government owns on both sides,
it should pay the most; if it owns on neither
side it should pay noue, and if it owns on one
side it should pay one half. That is the point
made. That touched not the considerations
which are broaderaud wider than can be found
by the consideration of a single section. The
men who presented this claim said with force
and truthfulness, " l he Government is differ-
ently situated from a private citizen. It is
responsible primarily for the city. It is the
ciiy of the Government. It is responsible for
the immense extent of streets aud avenues
through the city, and that extent comprehends
nearly one half or more than one half—I do
not know exactly—of the entire territory of this
city. The Government has put this immense
burden upon the city."
Mr. N1BLACK. If the gentlemau will
allow me to interrupt him I will say that it is
tifty-four per cent.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; it is more than
fifty per cent., more than one half, and, as the
gentleman from Indiana states, it is fifty-four
per cent. The Government is responsible for
all this, and no individual is responsible in
like degree. Therefore a greater burden rests
on the Government in equity than upon a pri-
vate citizen.
Then the question was raised what scale
shall be agreed upon. I said five sixths was
arbitrary. The answer was, " admit it is arbi-
trary." I do uot claim here uow the basis
finally agreed on, this five sixths is anything
but an arbitrary rule. It was fixed by a certain
analogy. If a private citizen owns on one
side and this city government owns on the
other side, like the building called the City
Hall or any other property, it would then pay
under the law five sixths and the individual
owner on the other side would pay one sixth.
And the committee who presented this to the
Committee on Appropriations said to us,
"Gentlemen look this whole question over;
if you believe it is not a fair thing, all things
considered, the obligations of the Government
to the city, the burden it has put on the city,
the immense streets and avenues, if you be-
lieve iu any given case where the Govern-
ment owns on the one side and a citizen
on the other the Government of the United
States should not, pay as much a fractional
portion as the city would assume as against
a citizen, then do not give five sixths.
But look at it altogether in equity and fair-
ness ; if you believe that it is proportionally
fair, then give it. And the commitLee took
into the account, here are miles and miles of
streets, of roads, of pavements, of avenues
improved, through which the Government
passes every day in the shape of its citi-
zens coming here from abroad, for which it
does not pay a dollar. Taking into account
the immense valuation of the property of the
Government which does not pay a cent of
taxes, all things considered, the committee
thought it was not any more than fair that the
Government, when it owned on one side and
a private citizen on the other, should be
placed in the same position as the city would
be iu a like case. That is how we arrived at
the conclusion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I wish to say a word, and
the amendment being withdrawn I renew it.
Mr. Chairman, I have watched the improve-
ments in this city with a good deal of solici-
tude. I have, in common with every member
of the House, a proper regard and desire to
see the city improved in connection with the
Capitol of the United States, but while watch-
ing the progress of these improvements I have
been anxious lest they were to become so
extravagant as to involve the District, and
ultimately the Government, in a large debt.
I have taken pains, sir, because I felt it was
my duty, in common with the other members
of this House, to make some investigation into
the matter of these improvements. I have
spent some time in going about the city view-
ing the improvements. Of course, sir, it was
impossible for me to settle one question,
whether the expenditure had been econom-
ical or not. Bat I could see the plan. I
could see what was attempted and what was
the design of the general system of improve-
ment that had been adopted in this city, and
1 have failed to find the gentleman who, hav-
ing looked the matter all over and seen just
what the whole system embraced and its effect
upon the city, is disposed to condemn that
system. I know of no one, sir, who does uot
commend it as a system proper for this city,
carrying out its original design, and who does
not admit the necessity of that design, for if
the city is to continue the capital of the coun-
try it is, with its present prospects, a necessity
devolving upon us to carry out these improve-
ments.
When I came here, sir, this city had not a
quarter of the inhabitants it has to-day. Its
growth is astonishing. It must grow in con-
formity with the original plan, or that plan
must be abandoned. I do not know anybody
who desires that that plan shall be abandoned.
And the improvements originally contem-
plated, and which are being carried out by this
Board of Public Works, should be carried out,
not only as a necessity, but as a matter of pro-
priety. They ought to be carried out, and
carried out with as much rapidity as is con-
sistent with economy. The only trouble I had
was upon the question of economy, and upon
that it was impossible for me by personal
examination to be able to form an opinion. I
felt and do feel, and it governs my vote upon
this appropriation, that I have a right to fall
back upon the Committee on Appropria-
tions to advise me upon that point. They
have investigated, as was their duty beyond
what I felt to be mine, as to this question of
economy, and I take their assertion upon
that. I do not intend to hold this Board of
Public Works to the strict and rigid econ-
omy that would be required of private individ-
uals, for in all public works that has been
found by all'experience to be an impossibility.
But I do hold them to the absence of fraud-
ulent and extravagant expenditures. 1 do
not, however, find the slightest evidence in
any examination I have made myself, or in
any report which 1 have seen, that there is
reason to believe that there has been any such
extravagant or wanton expenditure of money
in carrying out this law as would lead me to
hesitate to vote for this appropriation.
Another point which struck me is the point
which the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale]
has made. Our duty, I think, upon this matter
is plain. I would rather, sir, if it were prac-
ticable, that we had adopted a somewhat dif-
ferent rule ; that we had treated every abuttor
precisely alike, whether the Government
or private individuals, and then we should
ascertain what the duty of the Government to
this District is; and in view of the fact that
a large amount of the property in the District
is owned by the Government and not subject
to taxation, what was a proper sum for the
Government to contribute toward the general
improvement of the District—growing out of
the fact that we bore no part of the burden
between the one sixth on the one side and
the one sixth on the other, as every abuttor
does—what would be a proper sum in that
view lo be appropriated for the general im-
provement of the District. But I apprehend
it would be a very different if not impractica-
ble achievement to ascertain what would be
fair. The Committee on Appropriations carry
out the idea which I would carry out, that
what would be fair as an additional appropri-
ation from this Government beyond that which
belongs to us as an abuttor, grew out of the
fact that all this property is exempt from tax-
ation. They have told us that all this investi-
gation leads them to adopt this rule which
they have adopted in this bill.
While I can see that the measure would be
one which everybody could look at and under-
stand for himself, and judge for himself, yen
there would be a practical difficulty in making
a large appropriation from Congress year after
year. And if this reaches the same end, and
does 110 more, then I do not see any reason
why I should vote against this measure be-
cause the committee have adopted a different
rule to attain the same end, which every one
sees to be just, that we should bear some
portion of the burden commensurately, as
nearly as we can ascertain it, to the exemp-
tion which we have from taxation here. They
have ascertained that this is about as good a
uule as can be adopted, working nearly equal
justice between the Government and the indi-
vidual.
Now sir, about the matter of discussion
between my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Hol-
man,] who I see is on his feet to follow me,
and the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, there can be no occasion for doubt
as to the power of this Board of Public Works.
If any board of public works, or any other
agent of this Government undertakes to spend
money for any purpose whatever before it is
appropriated, that board or that agent do it at
their own risk. They have to take the risk
and Congress has to look to the justice and
equity of the appropriation.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to allow the Board of Public Works to
impose a debt upon the country?
Mr. DAWES. If I may be allowed a word,
no one can bind the Government, not even
a treaty made by the Executive and the other
branch of Congress can bind this House so
that they cannot look into the propriety of the
appropriation that it may require ; arid much
less can the Board of Public Works. But
that does not prevent us from looking fairly
and squarely and justly at the expenditures of
this board on these great public woiks.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, it
sounds very strange indeed to hear the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
arguing to this House that a solemn statute of
the United States, which commands that no
officer shall incur obligations for the Govern-
ment beyond the appropriations made in ad-
vance, is simply a restriction so far as to enable
Congress to look in the matter after he has
incurred the obligation.
Mr. DAWES. Why, my dear sir, I sai l 110
such thing.
Mr. FAIINSWORTH. That was the pur-
port of what the gentleman said in reply to
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holm an,]
who interrogated him. Sir, he turned round
with quite a triumphant air and said that not
even the treaty-making power can incur any
obligation which Congress has not the right of
examining into. Here is a statute of the
United States which sajs these men shall not
make a contract or incur any obligation that
will bind the United States, and according to
the gentleman it means that they may go 0:1
and incur the obligation, but that we will
afterward exercise a little sovereign power and
look iuto it. The chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, the leader of the H' tise
of Representatives, comes in here and te!!s
the House and the country that that is all that
was meant by that statute, aud raises his voice
to vote this appropriation to discharge an
obligation which these people have incurred
in violation of the statute I That is what we
are doing. It has been growing worse and
worse from day to day for the last few years.
Why, sir, times are entirely altered since I
first came to Congress. It is not many years
ago that an attempt in Committee of the Whole,
or anywhere else in Congress, to g«t an appro-
priation to pay for the improvement of streets
