1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And the Printing Office
is authorized to print copies for sale.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator refer to the resolution of the House
providing for printing two hundred and
eighty thousand copies, which was laid on the
table ?
Mr, ANTHONY, I suppose it is desirable
to have the report printed and circulated to
so me extent, either by sale or by gratuitous
distribution.
Me. EDMUNDS. Let us take up the reso-
lution and consider it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I merely wish to call the
attention of the Senate to the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The law nowauthorizes
this book to be printed, and it is printed. The
law authorizes it to be sold at its cost and ten
per cent, added, and no great harm can arise
by letting the matter rest. Everybody can get
it by paying the cost and ten per cent.
Mr. ANTHONY, Not exactly; because the
law requires that, persons ordering a document
shall order it and pay for it in advance of the
printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island indicate his desire?
Mr. ANTHONY. I merely wish to eall the
attention :of the Senate to the fact, and if any
Senator desires to make a motion he can do
so. The committee embodied their views in
the concurrent resolution which has passed the
Senate and gone to the House.
Several Senators. Let us take up the House
resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to proceed to the
consideration of the House resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I did not understand from
the Senator from Rhode Island what number
has already been printed.
Mr. ANTHONY. None at all. The concur-
rent resolution from the Senate has not come
back from the House. The one from the
House we have not acted on.
Mr. CAMERON. I think half the number
proposed will be all that we shall want.
Mr. ANTHONY. I was going to say a
quarter
Mr. CAMERON. A quarter would be better.
The VICE PRESIDENT., The Secretary
states that either this resolution is in the files
of the Committee on Printing or the files ofthe
Secretary's office, and hot at the desk. The
Senator from Rhode Island can state its con-
tents and it will be regarded as subject to
amendment. There are but a few moments of
the session remaining.
Mr. ANTHONY. If I can move to amend
it by striking down the numbers, I will move
to fix "ten thousand for the Senate, thirty
thousand for the House, and fifteen thousand
for the commissioner."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Printing can report that proposition as an
original resolution. ,
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well; I reporUt.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island reports a concurrent reso-
lution for printing fifty-five thousand copies
of the agricultural report, ten thousand for
the Senate, thirty thousand for the House, and
fifteen thousand for the Department of Agri-
culture.
message mom. the house.
A message" from the House of Representa_
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had appointed Mr. Henry L.
Dawes of Massachusetts, Mr. John Hill oi
New Jersey, and Mr. William E. Arthur of
Kentucky, committee on the part of the House
of Representatives to join the committee ap-
pointed by the Senate to wait upon the Presi
dent of the United States and inform tail that
unless he have some further communication to
make the two Houses of Congress are ready
to adjourn.
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No, 139.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills ; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 3844) to remove disabili-
ties imposed by the fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution of the United States from
Robert M. T. Hunter, of Virginia;
A bill (H. R. No. 3949) to provide for the
apportionment of the Territory of Wyoming
for legislative purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2803) for the relief of
Samuel S. Potter; and '
A bill (H. R. No. 4061) to provide for the
preparation and presentation to Congress of
the revision of the laws of the United States,
consolidating the laws relating to the post
roads, and a code relating to military offenses,
and the revision of treaties with the Indian
tribes now in force.
agricultural report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the resolution reported by the Senator from
Rhode Island from the Committeeoo Printing.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to repeat what I
said a day or two ago, that the members of the
House and the members of the Senate have tio
authority for sending off these documents. We
have bo franking privilege after the 1st of'
July, and we cannot use them. If we order
them for the use of the Senate, oar time will
be occupied in receiving and answeringletterS
in regard to these documents which we cannot
send away. I move to strike out the number
appropriated for the House and the number
which has been appropriated by the motion of
the Senator from Rhode Island for the Senate;
and let all the copies that are required go to
the Agricultural Department, where everybody
can get them by paying the cost of the printing
and paper. I move to strike out the copies for
the Senate and House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest that the original House resolution is
on the files of the Secretary of the Senate pro-
viding for the printing of two hundred and
fifty thousand copies, and the question will be
taken on the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island to strike out that number and
insert what he has indicated.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The materials
for that publication are all ready. Great ex-
pense has been incurred in gathering those
materials. It is the most popular publication
that we have, and I think to have ten thou-
sand for distribution by the Senate and thirty
thousand by the House, as the material is all
ready, would be very acceptable to the people.
I hope that the resolution of the Senator from
Rhode Island will be adopted without amend-
ment. ,
Mr. CAMERON- I trust we shall not print
any for the use of the members. They have
no authority for distributing them, we can'
do no good with them, and the result will only
be to encumber our rooms and increase the
expenses of the Treasury. -Let all the reports
that are printed be sent -to the Agricultural
Department, and let them bedisposed of there
as we directed a day or two ago. t
The VICE PRESIDENT,. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Rhode Island.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was concurred in.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Cliktoj,- Lloyd,- its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the enrolled bill (H. R. No. 4071) to
provide for the erection of a public building
for post office and other United States offices
at Jersey City, New Jersey; and it was there-
upon signed by the Vice President.
[During the latter part of the above proceed-
ings the distinguished guests entitled t& admis-
sion to the Chamber under the arrangements
made by the committee to make arrangements
for the inauguration ceremonies were Enter-
ing the Senate Chamber and escorted to the
places assigned them. _ ■;
At eleven o'clock and fifty minutes d.-tn. the
Vice President elect, Hon. Hekry Wiiisos,
entered the Chamber accompanied t>y the Com-
mittee of arrangements consisting of Messrs.
Cragik, Logan,«nd Bayard, and waa escorted
to a seat by the side of the retiring Vice Presi-
dent, Hon. SchoylsJr Colfax.]
enrolled bills signed,
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the Speaker of the House had
signed the following enrolled bills; and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 1556) for the relief of Wil-
liam Spencer;
A bill. (S; No. 1575) to establish ft board of
local inspectors of steam vessels,for the cus-
toms district of Michigan, in the State, of
Michigan; , .
A bill (S. No, .1584) to provide for a board
of commissioners to report a system of irriga-
tion for the San: Joaquiji) Sacramento,: and
Tulare valleys in California; . ;
A bill (8. No. 1637) for the,relief ofLouiaa
Jenkins, widow of Heiiry Jenkins, deceased;
A bill (a. No, 1106)'for the relief of Mrs.
F. Selina Buchanan;
A bill (S. No, 1299) to amend an act entitled
"An act to enable honorably discharged sol-
diers a,nd sailors, tljieir widows and -orphan
children, to acquire homesteads on the public
lands of the United States, and the amend-
ments theretoand
A bill (H.J R. No. "8864). for the relief of the
heirs-at-law and next of kin. of James B.
Armstrong, deceased.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. O. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following acts and
joint resolution r
An act (S. No. 95) for the relief of Minerva
Lewie, as administratrix of the estate Of Eze-
kiel Lewis, deceased; ...
An act (:S. No. 104} for the relief of Joseph
Lanman; ■ ■ -j.
An act (S. No. 420) to confer jurisdiction
on the Coart of Claims to hear and determine
the suit of Carondelet vs. The United States;
An act (S. No. 522) to provide for the sale
of the lands of the United States containing
coal; '
An aet (S. No. 597) to authorize the Little
Rock, Pine Bluff, and Arkadelpljia Southwest-
em Railroad Company to construct a bridge
over the Ouachita river at or -near Arkadel-
phia, Arkansas;
An aet (8. No. 627) to place colored persons
who enlisted in the Army on the same footing
as other soldiers as to bounty and'pension ;
An act (S. No. 747) for the relief of B. H.
Randall; . , .,
An act {S. No. *784') confirming the title of
Louis Grignon to a certain tract of laud at
Green Bay, Wisconsin;
An act (S. No. 878) for the relief of Francis
A. Gibbons; 5 '■ :: ' -
An act (S. No. 680) to encourage-the growth
of timber on western prairie;
An act (S. No. 893) for the protection of
owners of saw-mills on the Mississippi river ;
An act (S. No. 950) authorizing the Kansas
Valley National Bank of Topefea, in the State
of Kansas, to change its name to the First
National Bank of Topeka;
An act (S. No. 957) supplemental to the act
of February 9,1821, incorporating-the Colum-
bia College in the District of Columbia;;
An aet (S. No. 968) to authorize the Inter-
itient of honorably discharged soldiers, sailors,
