2210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 3,
and marines in the national cemeteries of the
United-States;
An,act (S, No. 987) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to settle the account of
Henry, Warren, late depositaryat Oregon City,
Oregon;
An;tfet, (S.- No, 999)' to- authorize -inquiries
into the^causes of steam-boiler explosions;
i4B act(S. No. J016) to extend the works
of the".Georgetown Gas Light Company 5
Anact (S. ;No. 1025) to quiet the title to- the
lands, of the settlers pn lands claimed by the
West Wisconsin Railway Company;
Anact(S. No. 1042)fqr,thecelief of Thomas
Hollis, of Morgan county, Georgia ;
At} act (S. No. 1079) to authorize the con-
struction o.f & bridge across the Missouri river
at pr near;the city of Lexington, in the State'
of-Missouri,'and to establish it as a pOStroad;"
An act (S. No. 1088) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to settle the claims'of
Messrs. Purfee & Peck and B. H. Durfee for
supplies finished thfe Indians in Montana in
the Winter of 1869; ■ 1
Art'&cH (S. No: 1106) for the 'relief of Mrs.
P. Sejina Buchanan;
'An acti(S. No: 1108) for the relief of George
R. Wilson?;
Ansad (S; No. 1162) for'the relief of Hiram
W. Hayden ; '  ■:
Anact (S. No. 1173) granting a tension to
Elvira A'.' Maxey aftd in respect to her minor
children tinder sixteen years of age;
An act (S. No. 1183) to enable the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs to purchase and
pay for-certain improvements within the Nez
Perce Indian reservation in the Territory of
Idaho;
An aet(S. No. 1192) for the relief of Charity
Lodge No. Ill of Free aud Accepted Masons,
of Hamper's,Ferry, West Virginia ;1
An act (S: No. 1203) for the creation of a
court for the adjudication and disposition of
certain moneys received into; the Treasury
under an award made by the tribunal of arbi-
tration-constituted by virtue, of,the first article
of the treaty concluded;'at Washington the 8th
day. of May, A. D. 187.1, between the. United
States of America and the Queen , of Great
Briton;; .
An act(S. No. 122-1) for the relief of Howard
F. Mofhltt;
An act (fcj. No. 1207) extending the time for
the completion of the Portage Lake and Lake
Superior ship-canal; .
An act (S. No. 1274) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to negotiate with the
Creek Indians for the cession of a portion of
their reservation ocoupjed'by friendly Indians ;
An act (S. No. 1279) to fix the compensa-
tion of the deputy collector of customs at St.
Paul;
An act (S.,No.'1282) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to negotiate with the
chiefs and head-men of the -Crow tribe of
Indians, foi; the. surrender of their reservation
or a.part tigrepf. in, tl^e Territory of Montana;
An .act (S; No. 1283) for the relief of the
Stato of Connecticut and other States;
An act (S. No. 12'Jl) granting pension to
Martha E. Orich, Mary J. Orich, and John J.
Orich, minor children of John C. Orich, de-
ceased ;
An aat(S. No. 1299) toamendpi act entitled
"An act to enable honorably discharged sol-
diers and sailors, their widows and orphan
children to acquire homesteads on the public
lands of the United States," and the amend-
ments thereto;
An act (8. No. 1301) to enable Richard A.
Stewart to make application to the Commis-
sioner of Patents for the extension of letters-
patent tor an improvement in clarifying and
defecating cane juice;
_ An act (S. No. 1305) for the extension of
time to the St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany for the completion of its roads;
An act (S. No. 1312) authorizing deputy
collectors and other officers of the customs to
act as disbursing agents in certain cases ;
An act (S. No. 1318) to authorize certain
postmasters to deposit public moneys in
national banks;
An act (S. No. 1344) to confer upon the
superintendent of the United States Military
Academy the power to convene general courts-
martial ; _
An act (S. No. 1378) to require national
banks to- restore their capital when impaired,
and to amend the national currency act;
, An act (S. No. 1380) granting a .pension to
Eliza J; Humphrey, widow of James R.
Humphrey;
An act (S. No. 1384) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to have a monument erected in
Salisbury, North Carolina, to the memory of
the_ soldiers who dipd in prison and are there
buried;
An act (S. No. 1391) repealing an act
entitled ''An act for the relief of certain In-
dians in the central superintendency," ap-
proved June 10, 1872;
An act (S. No. 1899) permitting Lieutenant
Theodore B. M. Mason, of the Navy, to ac-
cept a.decoration, from the Emperor of Brazil;
An act (S. ,No. 1425) supplemental to an
act entitled "An, act to incorporate the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company and to aid in the
construction .of its road, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1871;
An act (S. No. 1427) to establish the .cus-
tom-house value of the sovereign or pound
sterling of Great Britain and to fix the par of
exchange;
An act (S. No. 1429) to provide for the care
and preservation of the cemetery near the city
of Mexico, purchased in accordance with the
act of September 28, 1850.
An a,ct (,S. Nq, 1,434) to authorize preemp-
tors or settlers upon homesteads on the public
land to alienate portions pf their preemptions
or homesteads for certain public purposes;
An act (S. No. 1438) to .provide for tjie pay-
ment, in gold of certain wages to seamen in
foreign.countries;,
,. An 'act (S. So., 1443) for the relief of the
heira of the late Thomas Lawson, deceased ;
An act (S, No. 14Q4) to amend the charter
of the Griitli Verein Association;
An act (S. No. 1471) for the relief of Josiah
George Jennings;
An act (S. No. 1483) creating the collection
district of southern Oregon ;
An act (S. No. 1497) fixing the time of hold-
ing the fall term of the United States district
court, for the district of Nebraska ;
^ An act (S. No. 1514) for the temporary re-
lief of the Indians at Camp MoDermit, in
Humboldt county, Nevada;
An act (S.,No. 1524) for. the rejief of John
L. Pendcry, surveying partner of Pendery &
Gamble, attorneys;
An act (S. No. 1525) for the relief of Grace
B. Peck;
• a< ^®?) to amend an act en-
titled ' An act to provide for the redemption
and sale of lands ,held- by the United States
under the several aefs levying direct taxes,
and for other purposes.; "
-° anaen(J an act enti-
tled An act granting a pension to Captain
Henry M. Scott," approved April 9, 1872 ;
iTTMi1-1 ac£, ^°* 1556) for the relief of
William Spence;
An act_(S.'No. 1575) to establish a board
ot local inspectors of steam vessels for the
customs district of Michigan in the State of
M.iehiganj ■
An act (S. No. 1580.) to authorize the con-
of an agent and counsel
of the United States,;
An act (S. No. 1584) to provide for a board
01 commissioners to report a system of irri-
gation for the San Joaquin, Sacramento, and
lulare valleys in California;
An act (S. No. 1588) granting a pension
to Ann E. Boyle, widow of Commander Ju-
nius J. Boyle;
An act (S. No. 1607) donating condemned
cannon and cannon balls to the Gettysburg
Battle-field Memorial Association ;
An act .(S  No; 1636} to plaee at the dis-
posal of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue certain copies of the new compilation of
internal revenue laws;
An act (S. No. 1637) for the relief of Louisa
Jenkins, widow of Henry Jenkins, deceased;
An act (St No. 1539.) to remove the political
disabilities of James D. Halyburton, of Vir-
ginia, and Thomas G. Williams, of San Anto-
nio, in the State of Texas;
An act (8. No. 1630) to remove the political
disabilities of David Coleman, of Buncombe
county, North Carolina;
A bill (S. No. 1572) for the suppression of
trade in and circulation of obscene literature
and articles of immoral use ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 14) authoriz-
ing the President to invite the international
statistical congress to hold its next session in
the United States.
CLOSE OF THE SESSION.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the com-
mittee appointed to wait upon the President
of the United States and apprise him of the
readiness of the Senate to adjourn, report
that its duty has been performed, and the
answer of the President is that he has no fur-
ther communication to make.
ADDRESS OF THE VICE PRESIDENT.
The VI.CE PRESIDENT, (Mr. -Colfax.)
Senators, the time fixed by the Constitution
for the dissolution of the Forty-Second Con-
gress has arrived; and with a few parting
words I shall resign the gavel to the honored
son of Massachusetts who has been, chosen by
the people as my successor.
Administrations terminate and Congresses
expire as the years pass by, but the nation
lives and grows and prospers, to be served in
the future by those equally faithful to its inter-
ests and equally proud oT its growing influence
amongthe nationsof the earth. To be called by
the Representatives of the people, and after-
ward by the people themselves, to the respons-
ible duty of presiding successively ov.er the
two Houses of Congress for the past ten years,
from the era of war through the era of recon-
struction to the era of peatie, more than fills
the measure of an honorable ambition.
Looking back over these ten exciting years
I can claim not only that I have committed no
act which has proven the confidence misplaced
that called me to this position, but also that I
have striven in its official duties to adminis-
ter the parliamentary law with the same im-
partiality, with which the upright judge upon
the bench decides questionsof life and liberty.
J.0 faithfully protect the rights of the minority,
as well as-to uphold the rights of -the majority
m the advancement of the public business; to
remain calm and unmoved amid the excite-
ments of debate'; to temper and restrain as-
perities, and to guard against personal antag-
onisms; to perform acceptably, in a word, the
complex and often' perplexing duties of the
Chair without partisan bias, has been my con-
stant endeavor. It is gratifying, therefore, that
of the many hundreds of decisions made by
me, often on the instant, none have been re-
versed, and scarce any seriously questioned.
How much I owe to the uniform kindness
and support of the members over whom I have
presided is difficult to express in words. It
has been bounded by no party lines, and con-
trolled by no political affiliations; and I re-
joice that I have been able to attest my appre-
ciation of this support. While zealously
defending principles before the people, this
cteiense has never been coupled with personal
assault on any of the eminent public men
with whom I have differed. No aspersions on
