286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
ment from incurring obligations beyond the
approp na'ions ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly; but
they have not done so.
Mr. FAR.NSWORTH. Have they not gone
on to incur obligations on the part of the Gov-
ernment?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. They have paid
the money of the District.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Have they not vir-
tually incurred obligations against the Gov-
ernment of the United States?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Moral obliga-
tions, yes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then they have
incurred moral obligations?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Now, is not that
provided against by our statutes?
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 have the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Ohio has expired.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. C-' airman, in refer-
ring to the legislation looKa;* to the improve-
ment of the national capital, and by way of
confirmation of the general views I have enter-
tained, I referred to the fact that my constit-
uents, so far as they had an opportunity, not
only approved but seemed to be gratified with
the improvement of this great city. My con-
temporary from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
seems to suppose I have misled them and mis-
apprehended their views. He has been here
the same length of time I have. He has been
an independent legislator and assumed such
line of policy as he deemed best. I have
attempted to do the samething. He imagines,
judging from his remarks this morning, that
I have misled and misinterpreted the views of
my constituents, and suggests I had better go
back to thetn and have their opinions ex-
pressed more emphatically.
Now, Mr. Chairman, we have both of us
just come from our respective constituencies.
We have had a conference with them through
the summer and fall. Our records have been
examined and criticised and looked into very
fully and completely, and so far as I am con-
cerned the examination proved on the whole
a thing most satisfactory to them. I do not
think, therefore, there is any need of my going
back to consult my constituents. I would
suggest whether it would not be better and
more prudent for him to consult the wishes of
his own constituency in this matter, for I do
not believe that his constituency have a differ-
ent opinion on this subject from that of my
own. I think they would, as mine, hold him,
hold me, hold every Representative, to a strict
and rigorous accountability for dishouest and
fraudulent appropriation of the smallest amount
of public myney; but when they see money
appropriated for objects manifestly wise, man-
ifestly proper, and manifestly meritorious,
neither his constituents nor mine, I undertake
to say, are going to sit down and cipher with
parsimonious hands as to the minutest amount
expended. The people of the United States
understand their duty better, and they know
there are other things money will procure
which are more valuable than money itself.
The capital of the nation, as they know and
fully understand, represents the character, the j
spirit, and the genius of the Union, and when
they come here, as many of them do, and as
most of them will be compelled some time in
their lives, to transact business of the Govern-
ment, they desire to see a place of which they
shall not be ashamed, and of which they shall
be able to give a good report when they return
home.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Mr. Chairman,
I wish to say a word in answer to what the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
has stated. It is admitted by him that we are
required by this bill to pay five sixths instead
of the one half which we would have to pay if
we had held our property as private individuals
instead of as a Government. ODe half would
have been all we would have been required to
pay as private citizens, either in money or in
bonds. The additional two sixths therefore is
a gratuity. It is wrongfully claimed as a defi-
ciency in a business bill, it is not put in the
form of a gratuity, but presented as a debt and
deficiency. Under any system of equity we
could only be compelled to pay one half and
not five sixths.
The gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale,]
too, said that we paid five sixths because the
Government of the United States was assimi-
lated to the city government by the Committee
on Appropriations. He showed that where the
property bordering on the improvement was
owned on the one side by the city and on the
other by a citizen, the private individual paid
one sixth and the city government assumed the
payment of the other five sixths; which only
means that the city as such paid no money,
not even one sixth, but bonds were issued for
five sixths, instead of getting two sixths in
money and issuing bonds for four sixths, as
would have been done if private parties had
owned on both sides. The city government
represents the people of the whole District,
and is merely their trustee. We are willing to
pay not only one sixth but one half, as my
amendment proposes; but the committee in-
sist that we shall assume two fifths more. The
basis assumed by the Committee on Appro-
priations seems to be a false one on any fair
business view of the subject. The reason why
I desire that after we order payment of one
half two thirds of that sum should be applied
to redeem city bonds, grows out of this state
of facts: the Board of Public Works are
appointed by us; we have conferred upon
them plenary powers ; and I think, whether
they have done right or wrong, we ought to
pay a portion of what they have done, because
we put them where they are without consult-
ing the tax-payers of the District, it may be
against their will and without their consent;
and if they have done wrong, we have to bear
the consequences of their wrong-doing, at
least to the extent to which a private individual
owning property would have to do so in
making up a deficiency.
But the Board of Public Works show that
they have expended now all that they were
authorized by law. If I understand correctly
their report, which I hold in my hand, they say
that they submitted the estimates for certain
improvements, amounting in the aggregate to
$6,578,000; that a lonn of $4,000,000 was
authorized by the Lfj: .ature ; that an assess-
ment was made of $^,000,000, or one third of
the amount of the improvements. And ou
page 16 of their report they go on to show
that assets were put into their hands to the
amount of over $7,000,000; that they have
$248,000 on hand, and that their liabilities
and expenditures amount to.$7,086,000, a sum
which is nearly equal to all that they were
authorized to expend by the Legislature of
the District, or by any other authority of law.
Why, then, should we give them $1,200,000
more? Why should we not, when they have
expended all they are authorized to expend,
if we pay our part of it, so pay it as to curtail
extravagant expenditure and reduce the bur-
dens of the tax-payer; for of course we pay
what we do as a gratuity—they cannot force
us ? They had no authority to create a debt
against the United States. We pay because
it is right. Why should we not pay one third
in money, and reduce the bonds of the District
the other two thirds, so as to keep those gentle-
men who are our agents within the law, within
the estimates made by themselves, within the
limit of taxation they have put on the people
of the District ?
Mr. CHIPMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him a moment ?
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Yes, sir.
Mr. CH1PMAN. I wish to say that the
| gentleman is in error in supposing that the
! Board of Public Works have exceeded their
appropriations. In addition to the $4,U00,000
loan, and the $2,000,000 of special assessment,
the Legislature has from tiuie to time placed
in their hands other funds, and they have in
tio instance exceeded the appropriations.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Why, then, are
they here for a deficiency?
Mr. CHIPMAN. We have advanced money
for making your improvements. We are not
asking lor a deficiency.
Mr. BECK, ot' Kentucky. Then why not
pay it in the way I have suggested, and keep
the Board of Public Works within the limits
assigned them ?
Mr. CHIPMAN. They are within those
limits. If you examine their report you will
find that they have not spent a cent for which
they had not the authority of the Legislature.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. If they are
within those limiis, this gives them the bonds
of the city as so much money. And if we are
to give them anything we ought to have the
double purpose in view, to do exactly what is
right, and since we have put these agents over
the city to do the work, to see that they do
not tax the people of this. District beyond the
authority given them by their original charter.
Therefore, 1 contend, instead of putting this
amount as so much money into their hands,
we ought to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to buy these bonds at their market
value, to the extent of two thirds, and thus
keep the debt within the bounds which Con-
gress prescribed, and pay one third in money,,
the same as private property-holders.
[Here the hammer fell.]
! Mr. FARNSWORTH rose
The CHAIRMAN. The time for debate,
prescribed by the House, has expired.
Mr. FARNSWORIH. I think there are
I still five minutes remaining.
The CHAIRMAN. I took the time, as it
appeared on the dial, when the discussion
begau. But amendments are still in order.
If no other amendments are in order, the first
to be voted on will be that of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holman].
'! Mr. BORCHARD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Indiana that he offer his as
a separate amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out the proviso, and insert these words :
And such payment shall only be made on vouch-
ers approved by a board of three engineers of the
Army, detailed by the chief of engineers.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer that as a separate
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The first vote will be
upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Burchard,] which the Clerk will
now read.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Amend by inserting in line forty-five, after tho
word "provided:"
That no part of the money hereby appropriated
shall be paid by the Secretary of the Interior except
for improvements actually made around or opposite
to and abutting Government reservations or public
grounds, the amount so to be paid to be ascertained
and computed by measuring and charging to the
United States the cost only of so much of such im-
provement as fronts or abuts upon such reservations
or grounds up to the center of the street, alley, or
other thoroughfare so improved.
The question was put on agreeing to the
amendment; and upon a division, there were—
ayes 60, noes 62.
Mr. BURCHARD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Mr. Burchard,
and Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 61, noes 71.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Holmana
