1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1251
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony, in the chair.) The bill will be passed
over.
arkansas valley and oimarkon railway.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1320) to incorporate the Arkansas
Valley and Cimarron Railway Company, and
grant the right, of way over the public lands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that had better
go over. The title of it. is enough for to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed ovpr.
william d ludlow.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1478) to enable William-D. Ludlow
to make application to the Commissioner of
Patents for the extension of letters-patent for
an improvement in refrigerators ; which was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that
William D. Ludlow, of the city, county, and
State of New York, shall have leave to make
application to the Commissioner of Patents
for an extension of letters-patent granted to
him for an improvemont in refrigerators,
under date of February 16, 1858, for the term
of seven years from and after the expiration
of the original term of fourtpen years for which
the letters-patent are granted, such applica-
tion to be made in the same manner and to
have the same effect as if the same had been
filed not less than ninety days before the ex-
piration of the original term of said patent;
and upon such application so filed the Com-
missioner of Patents shall be authorized to
consider and determine the same, in the same
manner, upon giving the same notice, and
with the same effect, as if the application had
been duly filed within the time prescribed by
law, and as if the original term of the patent
bad not expired ; but no person shall be held
liable for the infringement of the patent, if
extended, for making use of the invention
since the expiration of the original term of
the patent and prior to the date of its exten-
sion.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
state banks
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3399) to provide for obtaining in-
formation of the condition of banks organized
under State laws; which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It is to be the duty
of the Comptroller of the Currency to report
annually to Congress, under appropriate heads,
the resources and liabilities, exhibiting the
condition of the banks, banking companies,
and savings banks organized under the laws of
the several States and Territories, such in-
formation to be obtained by the Comptroller
from the reports made by such banks, banking
companies, and savings banks to the Legisla-
tures or officers of the different States and
Territories. Wheresuch reportscannot beob-
tained, the deficiency is to be supplied from
such other authentic sources as may be avail-
able. In order to carry these provisions into
effect, the Comptroller of the Currency is
authorized, if it should be necessary, to em-
ploy one clerk of class four, who shall be
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury in
the manner now provided by law.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
alcohol for scientific purposks.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2620) to remit the excise taxes on
alcohol used by universities and colleges for
scientific purposes ; which was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. The bill author-
ises the Secretary of the Treasury to grant
permits to incorporated or chartered scientific
institutions or colleges of learning to with-
draw alcohol hi specified quantities from bond
without payment of the internal revenue tax
on the same, or on the spirits from which the
alcohol has been distilled, for the sole and
exclusive purpose of preserving specimens of
anatomy, physiology, or of natural history
belonging to such institutions, or for use in
any chemical laboratory of such institutions ;
but application for permits is to be made by
the presidents or curators of such institutions,
who are to file a bond for double the amount
of the tax on the alcohol to be withdrawn,
with two good and sufficient sureties, to be
approved by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, and conditioned that the whole
quantity of alcohol so withdrawn from bond
shall be used for the purposes specified, and
for no other, and that the presidents and cu-
rators shall comply with such other require-
ments and regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe; and if any alcohol
so obtained shall be used by any officer of
such institutions for any purposes other than
that specified, then the officers or sureties are
to pay the tax on the whole amount of alcohol
withdrawn from bond, together with a like
amount as a penalty in addition thereto.
Mr. HOWE. 1 ask the chairman of the
Committee on Finance if he knows anything
of the quantity of spirits used for this purpose
by the largest institutions of the country ?
Mr. SHERMAN. According to the state-
ment of Professor Agassiz, whose institution
will be the chief beneficiary of this bill, the
amount of tax paid by that institution at Cam-
bridge would be about $5,000, and from the
best information the committee could gather,
and we took some pains to inquire on this
subject, the whole amount probably lost to
the revenue will be from eight to ten thousand
dollars. The Senator will see on the face of
the bill that it is a bill to relieve these scientific
institutions who have to use alcohol in its
purest state, for the preservation of specimens
in various branches of science, from the pay-
ment of the tax upon it.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir, the purpose of the
bill is one I should- heartily agree to if it was
going to do the colleges more good than it
would do the revenue wrong by exposing it to
frauds. It strikes me that the danger to which
it will expose the revenue will be very consider-
able. I think, while the tax is at its present
rate, I should be inclined to get into the fac-
ulty of some scientific school rather than to
invest in stocks if I wanted to make money.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say to
my friend that he would be compelled to use
this alcohol for this specific purpose, and I
think he has character enough and the presi
dents and faculties of these institutions have
character enough to afford a sufficient guar-
antee againstfraud.
Mr. HOWE. A great many of them have.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
salaries of officers.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1479) fixing the salaries of oer-tadn
officers.
Mr. DAVIS. I think that bill had better go
over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has been put into the
appropriation bill already.
Mr. SHERMAN. The first part of it has
been.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, I would put in the
rest. The appropriation bill is the true place.
Such propositions never oughtto be considered
by themselves.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will be passed over.
w. w. elliott.
The next bill o.i the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1480) for the relief of W. W. Elliott;
which was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of t,h  Whole. It directs* the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to W, W.
Elliott, from the funds of the medical and
hospital department, a sum equal to $100 per
month for the period of his services as an act-
ing assistant surgeon, deducting all pay and
allowances received by him as an enlisted man
during the same period.
Mr. HOWE. I see that the Senator from
Illinois who reported that bill [Mr. Logan]
is in his seat, and Ishould like him to explain
what the ease is.
Mr. LOGAN. As I remember the testi-
mony before the committee, this man was em-
ployed during the war by the medical depart-
ment and performed the duties of an assistaut
surgeon, but the accounting officers refused to
pay him on the ground that, he received pay,
or a part of the pay, in the capacity of hospital
steward, I think it was. This bill merely pro-
poses to give him the pay for the employment
that he had, deducting that which he received.
That is the case as I understand it.
Mr. HOWE. If the facts were precisely as
I understand the Senator to state them, I do
not see why this claim should be unpaid. If
this man was employed as a contract surgeon,
there was abundant authority to pay him and
abundant funds out of which to pay him.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir. I will explain it.
Many cases of the same character have been
decided here ; I do not mean in the medical
department, but claims of persons rendering
service in this way. For instance, if a man
was a private soldier in the Army, and was
employed in the engineer service as a civil
engineer, the decisions of the Departments
here rule him out of the pay of an engineer;
they would consider him as a soldier and pay
him only the pay of a soldier. In many cases
during the war these employments were made
with the understanding that the man should
be paid in this way; but not having been dis-
charged from the other service in which he was
engaged, the accounting officers would not
pay hnn. Many cases of this kind have been
brought before Congress on that account. I
am not sure about it, but my recollection is
that this man was a hospital steward, ana on
that ruling he was refused pay as a contract
surgeon.
Mr. HOWE. Do I understand from the
Senator that this is a proposition, to, pay a*
hospital steward for services as an assistant
surgeon ?
Mr. LOGAN, He was transferred from
that service to act as an assistant surgeon
under a contract, and when payment was made
they would pay him only as a hospital steward,
though he did not perform the services of a
hospital steward, bjit performed those of an
assistant surgeon. He was detailed ijkrst ais a
hospital steward.
Mr. HO WE. .Was he a surgeon hy prafes^
sion ?
Mi;. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I only wish to say that it
seems to me if the medical officers intrusted
the lives and healths of the soldiers and offi-
cers of the Army ta the care af a man who
could be enlisted as a hospital steward, they
ought to pay for it themselves, and be sent to
the Stata prisoji in the bargain.
Mr. LOGAN, If the Senator, will allow me,
I will correct my statepsent. I have now the
record before me. I thought this man was a
hospital steward, hut he was not; he was a
private soldier; and b.eing a medical man was
employed as an assistant surgeon by the de-
partment. When his term of service had ex-,
pi red, they refused to pay him anything more
than the pay of a private soldier, Here is a
statement from the Secretary of War which
explains the whole ease, a«d which I ask to
have read.
The Chief Olerk read as follows:
The Secretary of War has the honor to submit to
the Committee 011 Claims of the United States beii-
ate the claim of William W. Elliot, formerly a pri-
vate in company twenty-second Illinois in nip try,
to he (joii^pensated:foi' extrq service ? rendered
