1252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
ing hw enlistment as an acting assistant surgeon of
the United States Army, and to recommend that
legislative authority be granted to pay to the claim-
ant, from the funds of the medical and hospital
department, a sum equal to $100 per month for the
period of hisservice as an acting assistant surgeon,
deducting all pay and allowances received by him as
an enlisted man during the same period.
"YV. TV. BELKNAP, Secretary of War.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
'j'libodore a. tellkampf.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. While I was
out of the Chamber, I am advised that a bill
was passed over informally, the ease of Dr.
Theodore A. Tellkampf. I send to the Chair
a report in that ease, which states the facts,
and the Senate can udge whether it is a just
case or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That bill
was laid over informally. If there be no
objection, it will be considered as before the
Senate.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. R. No.
2676) for the relief of Dr. Theodore A. Tell-
kampf.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let the report
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Mouey, of Louisiana, from
the Committee on Military Affairs in the House
of Represeniativeson the 11th of January last:
Dr. Tellkampf was appointed by General J. C.
Fremont, September 10,1861, and served with him
as division surgeon until November 15,1861, when
General Fr6mont was relieved from the command
of the western department, and Dr. Tollkampf
returned to New York.
Dr. Tellkainpf presented his claim for pay, &c., to
the Second Auditor sorno time in the years of 1804,
1865, or 1866. Tho Second Auditor reported, October
17. 1866, that Dr. Tellkampf had not been recog-
nized as an officer bv tho War Department.
In 1882 General Fremont had made a list of the
officers appointed by him, (now on file iu tho Adju-
tant General's Office,) and only the officers on tliis
list wero recognized and paid according to tho act
oi Congress to rolieve the oliicorH andsoldiors of the
western department, passed March. 1862.
The namo of Dr. Tollkampf was accidentally
omitted from this list, and tho fact was only discov-
ered after years of patient waiting on tho part of
Dr. Tollkampf.
_ General Krfitnont certified to tho fact of tho omis-
sion of tho name of Dr. Theodore A. Tellkampf from
the list of oflieors transmitted to tho War Depart-
ment, and to the fact of tho services rendered by
Dr. Tollkampf. us well as to tho fact that the omis-
sion of the name of Dr. Tollkampf from said list
was purely accidental.
The account presented, which in total makes tho
sum asked for. is itemized, and the items are found
to beSn accordance with the Army regulations.
You committee, thereforo. recommend thepassage
ot the accompanying substitute.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the Senator
from Maine if the law in 1861 recognized the
rank in the medical service assigned to this
officer in the bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I cannot speak
about that. He was assigned to duty as a
division surgeon.
Mr. HOWE. The question is whether the
law recognised any such officer or provided
for any such officer at 1 hat time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not well
informed on that subject. The papers un-
questionably verify all the facts stated in that
report; but whether he was entitled to that
rank by the laws that then existed, I do not
know. As a matter of fact, he was appointed
by General Fremont, and he performed the
service. All those facts are certified. Whether
there was such a rank at that time, I oannot
tell.
Mr. HOWE. Had you not better let it go
\over ?
^ Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no ob-
jection if the Senator wishes it.
Mr. HOWE. I think I shall object to the
present consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will be passed oyer.
GEOKOB IIENIt? PRKBLH.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understand
the Senator from Vermont has looked at the
Commodore Preble bill, which went over on
his objection, and I should be very glad, if he
has no further objection, to have the Senate
consider that bill now. It will take but a mo-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the ob-
jection withdrawn?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object to its
being taken up. I do not think the bill right,
but I do not wish to stand in the way of the
opinions of other Senators on the subject if
they think it is, and so I withdraw the objec-
tion to its being considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The objec-
tion being withdrawn, the Senate by unani-
mous consent will pass back to the bill for the
relief of Commodore Preble.
The bill (S. No. 1144) to authorize the Pres-
ident to appoiut George Henry Preble, now a
captain on the active list of the Navy, to be a
commodore, was read the secoud time, and
considered as iu Committee of the Whole.
The President is authorized by the bill to ap-
point George Henry Preble, now a captain on
the active list of the Navy, to be a commodore
on the active list of the Navy, next below
Commodore Edward Donaldson, being the
same relative position on the Navy Register
occupied by him for thirty-one years, until the
promotion of I860.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not rise to oppose
this bill; I know it would be of no use, but I
should like to know how many commodores
there are in the Navy now?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have not the
list_ before rue. There are not a great many
active commodores, but there re quite a num-
ber of retired commodores of the Navy. I do
not see exactly, however, the pertinency of
that question to this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This adds one more to
the two or three dozen or lilty, or whatever
the number may be that we already have.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; but
it does not rest upon that question. This offi-
cer has been a most meritorious officer for
thirty years in the public service, and be got
jostled out of the position he should have had
by the merest inadvertence in the world, as 'I
think my friend would be satislied if he would
carefully examine the papers, and this bill
simply allows him to take that place. I agree
with the Senator unquestionably on the subject
of commodores. I doubt whether the rank is
at all necessary in our service, and I shall
most cheerfully give him my best support to
abolish that entire grade in conformity to the
recommendation of the Secretary of the Navy
whenever I can get an opportunity to vote
upon it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
captain of scouts.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1413) to authorize the appointment
of a captain of scouts; which was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. The bill pro-
poses to authorize the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to ap-
point a captain of scouts, who shall be mus-
tered into the regular Army of the United
States, and shall rank as and receive the pay
and allowances of a captain of cavalry, but
shall not be entitled to promotion. He is to be
assigned to duty the same as any officer of the
Army, and have charge of all scouts and guides
in the military service in the department to
which he is assigned to duty., and report to the
proper officer of the department in such man-
ner and at such times as shall be directed by
the Secretary of War.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the bill with an amendment, to add the fol-
lowing proviso t
Provided, ^hat the said office of captain of scouts
shall cease with the cessation of service, death, or
resignation of the person first appointed as such
captain of scouts.
Mr. LOGAN. I will explain this bill.
There is a gentleman now employed in the
service who is regarded as very valuable to
the Array on account of his qualifications as a
scout, and for the purpose of retaining him in
the service it was asked that this bill be passed
giving him the rank of a captain; but it is not
to have any application to any one else. The
office is to cease at the time of his death or
resignation, so as not to be applicable to any
one else, unless such an office should be here-
after provided for by a similar bill. That is
all there is in it. This is simply designed to
retain this man, whose services are said to be
very valuable, in the Army with this rank.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thebill was reported totheSenate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BMJIA K GAUDNUIi.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3367) for the relief of Emma E.
Gardner, the widow of Lieutenant W. F. Gard-
ner; which was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It authorizes the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury Department
to reimburse to Emma E. Gardner, the widow
of Second Lieutenant W. F. Gardner, twenty-
fourth United States infantry, and acting
assistant quartermaster, the sum of $1,753 92,
the amount of money stolen from his safe as
acting assistant quartermaster, without fault
upon his part, and which amount was replaced
by him but no part of this sum is to be paid
until satisfactory proof of the amount of the
money has been furnished, and of the fact that
Gardner properly cared for it, and that without
negligence or fraud on his part it was stolen
from him.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out the
last clause in the following words :
But no part of the same shall be paid until satis-
factory proof of the amount of said money has been
furnished, and of the fact that said Gardner properly
cared for the same, and that without negligence or
fraud on his part the same was stolen from him.
Mr. HOWE. Is there a report accompany-
ing that bill 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There ap-
pears to be no report.
Mr. LOGAN. The bill states the facts on
its face.
Mr. HOWE. But I should like to know
what is the evidence that this money was stolen
and what is the evidence that the custodian
bestowed due care upon it; and I ask these
questions uot for the purpose of being cap-
tious, but because precisely the same ques-
tions are every day considered in the Committee
on Claims, and I am conscious, or if I am not
conscious I have a great deal of testimony,
that that committee acts with a good deal of
severity and strictness in reference to the
proof required. I should like to know what
rule guides other committees of the body, and
for that reason I should like to know of the
Senator from Illinois, who seems to have re-
ported this bill, what evidence there was before
the committee that this amount of'money was
stolen, and what the testimony showed as to
the care and diligence with which the money
was kept.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not recollect what the
evidence was. This is a House bill, and it was
stated to us that it was carefully examined
there and the bill was prepared in such a way
as not to allow any payment to be made unless
the authorities were fully satisfied from the
proofs of the justice and correctness of the
claim, and on that ground we reported the bill.
We understood thatthe bill only provided that
payment should be made in case the proofs
were furnished that there was no fraud or col-
lusion in reference to it, and that the money
was lost as stated, The bill stating the whole
facts of the case as reported from the Military
Committee of the House, we reported it here.
