288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
acterizt-d all Lis efforts. The wonder was, how
a man of his delicate frame and nervous organ-
ization could endure the herculean labor he
performed. I will not take time, as others
desire to be heard, to speak of his private
life, further than to say that he was a model
gentleman in his social intercourse. Courteous
to all, temperate in all his appetites, unobtru-
sive, yet kind and genial, his was a life worthy
of imitation.
He died in the midst of a great political
struggle, which aroused all the enthusiasm of
his nature, and it may be that his labors in
the cause he espoused shortened his days.
But. death had no terrors for him if life had to
be prolonged at the sacrifice of duty. His
remains are among-the friends he loved; his
grave will be visited with profound respect by
the people of Kentucky, and it may be truth-
fully said of him, as was said by the regent of
Scotland at the giave of John Knox, '■ There
lies one who never feared the face of man."
Mr. ARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Davis
was a man of great individuality. He was
preeminently self-sustaining. He leaned only
upon himself. As well in thought as in feel-
ing, he was original, bold, and pronounced.
His intellect, his integrity, his courage, and
his self-respect were impregnable.
Whether in a legal or political forum, he
bounded and penetrated his subject with a mas-
culine comprehension. He intuitively pierced
its center, and patiently worked his way to
the open day upon its border. No obstacles
deterred, no opposition embarrassed, no cham-
pion alarmed him. His strength, his ardor,
his resources, and his intrepidity were greatest
when most resisted.
Fiery, impetuous, and daring on occasions,
he was in deliberation luminous, exact, and
exhaustive. Though stern and unrelenting as
an avenging warrior in confronting and crush-
ing an unworthy antagonist, his was the deli-
cacy and tenderness of woman toward all the
world beside.
His love for his country was comprehensive,
fervid, and inextinguishable. Fixed in his
mind were all the philosophic events of its
discovery, its rise, growth, and progress.
Throughout his long and distinguished career
he never ceased to be an unwearied, discrim-
inating, and enthusiastic student, expounder,
and defender of our Federal and State systems.
Than that in which he lived, no era in the
circle of American constitutional government
has been more crowded with momentous vicis-
situdes. Throughout all he was an observer
or an actor, and for the most part both. For
more than a generation past he was prominent
among the makers of political history. The
arclies and columns of this illustrious Capitol
are his monumeutal witnesses. In the line
of public duty, he beheld rise this amazing
structure, and in its Halls, committee-rooms,
and corridors, for his country's glory, he day
by day spent the vigor of his years.
He was trained and practiced in at once
the highest and severest school of Ameri-
can statesmanship. The greatest masters of
juridical science and deliberative eloquence
were his daily companions, and oftentimes his
well-matched antagonists. Among the great
he grew to the full measure of his stature.
Coextensive with the annals of our institu-
tions will live the enduring evidences of his
industry, his learning, his ability, his elo-
quence, and his patriotism.
If fervently he loved American institutions,
with equal fervency did he love American peo-
ple. The horizon of his robust affections en-
circled the whole sisterhood of Slates, and
rose on all sides to the zenith of a Union
equal, impartial, and perpetual. •
With all this Mr. Davis was every inch a
Kentuckian. He excelled in many of the
highest attributes, moral and intellectual, of
the people of the great Commonwealth which
cherished and honored him from his cradle to
his grave.
In his indomitable spirit, in his stern self-
reliance, in his exalted aspirations for honor-
able fame in the public service, in his tenacity
' of purpose, in his magnanimity and integrity,
he was eminently a representative man of the
people of his native State.
Generous nature, popular devotion, and his
I own manly heart and unconquerable mind,
! place him forever in line with the great states
I men and jurists, now no more, whose peer
I and contemporary he was. Take iiitn all in
all, there are few, if any, such men left in our
day, and his name and fame will endure, an
honorable legacy to all who shall prove worthy
to survive him.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, to me this occa-
[ sion has melancholy interest. It revives recol-
! lections of another period. It recalls mem-
' ories associated with my early and youthful
entrance into the public service. 1 came here
in May, 1841, as a member of the Twenty-
Seventh Congress, where I first knew Garrett
Davis as a Representative from Kentucky. I
was frequently associated with him at that time
in the discharge of official duty. Though he
was many years my senior in age, and of a
differentpolitical party, we soon became friends
; and companions. Though comparatively a
young man he was even then a prominent and
influential member of this House. His peculiar
personal characteristics were already strongly
developed. He was high-toned, independent,
impulsive, and frank. Though the great leader
of his party, (Henry Clay,) then a Senator,
was the sole custodian of the partisan power
of his party in Congress, yet Mr. Davis f're
quently refused to carry out even his mandates,
J or to bow with submission to his will. With
i him, as a Representative, the conscientious
| discharge of duty was paramount to every
\ other consideration. His action was prompted
I by conviction, and his convictions were the
1 creations of a well-ordered mind, strongly
strengthened by a pure and manly spirit.
Throughout life he maintained the same ele-
vated standard. Of comprehensive intellect,
of generous impulses, of chivalrous honor,
of untarnished private and public life, he has
gone down to an honored grave and left to
posterity a lovely and bright example.
Mr. Speaker, I have said that this occasion
is of melancholy interest; I refer not only to
the individual loss we have met with in the
death of this truly great and good man ; not
only to the early recollections revived in me
personally connected with my own entree into
this House, but also to find that one more
link is broken of the chain that binds this
generation of statesmen to that which has
preceded it; to see that one by one, slowly
but surely, those who succeeded those who
created our Government are being gathered
to their fathers. When Mr. Davis entered
Congress the great leaders of public opinion
were Clay, Webster, Calhoun, Benton, and
Van Buren. They were the successors to
Jefferson, Adams, Jackson, and Taney. The
three generations thus personified mark the
three epochs of our country, each prolific of
the very highest order of patriotism and most
transcendent ability; of that to which Mr.
Davis belonged in his early career already
i but few remain. Here and there we may yet
see a flickering light, but—
"To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow,
Creeps into this petty pace from day to day,
To the last syllable of recorded time;
And all our yesterdays have lighted fools
The way to dusty death."
He is gone. Peace to his ashes. May his
example be followed in all that is ennobliug to
our nature—in his purity of heart, in earnest
devotion to his country, and in his independ-
ent, conscientious, and manly discharge of
every private aud public obligation of life.
That he was exempt from all the frailties inci-
dent to humanity I do not declare, but that he
possessed attributes which dignify public sta-
tions and endear us to each other, I do declare,
and challenge fearlessly a well-founded denial.
i Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I will detain
the House but a very few iflinutes on this occa-
sion. I deem it proper to say a few words at
this time because I suppose I was connected
officially with Mr. Davis at a later period of
his life, perhaps, than was any other member
: upon this floor.
My first acquaintance with the late Mr.
Davis was at the beginning of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress, when I took the place of
Judge Collamer in the Senate, aud during
that Congress I served in the Senate with Mr.
Davis. There had been a peculiar friendship
between him and Judge Collamer, my prede-
cessor in the Senate. They had been asso-
ciated for a number of years as members of
this House, and for a considerable number of
years they had been associates in the Senate.
There was a very warm and ardent friendship
between them. On my coming to the Senate
to take the place of Judge Collamer, Mr.
Davis seemed to transfer his friendship for
Judge Collamer to myself; and during my
period of service there, and from that tune to
the time of his death, our relations were very
friendly indeed.
After I left the Senate and came to this
Home we were associated as Regents of the
i Smithsonian Institute, he being one of the lie-
' gents oil the part of the Senate and I one on
! the part of the House. In that way we were
brought into intimate association.
I had known of Mr. Davis as a public man,
and of his reputation as such, before I became
personally acquainted with him. But my
views of the man, my views of his character,
were mainly derived from my association with
him in the Senate. He seemed one of the
i most industrious and laborious men in that
body, always watchful and attentive to every
duty. He was a man of large attainments,
especially in the law and in the political his-
tory of the country. But few men I have ever
met were better versed in either of those
branches of knowledge. His character was
eminently and peculiarly conservative. He
was a man who believed earnestlyand sincerely
in the " wisdom of the fathers.1' Every prop-
osition for change was distasteful and dis-
agreeable to him, and he came very slowly to
the adoption of any new views.
Mr Davis was a very ardent Union man.
No man was more bitterly opposed to seces-
sion than -he was ; no man was a more warm
and devoted friend of the Union. The result
of the war, so far as it resulted in the over-
throw of the rebellion, was as agreeable to
him as to any other Union man. But the
changes in the form of the Government, the
constitutional amendments, the acts of recon-
struction, and the other governmental acts
which, by the dominant party of the country,
were deemed necessary in order to make the
Government conform to the altered condition
of things, were very disagreeable to him and
very repulsive to his notions. During the
Thirty Ninth Congress the most prominent of
those measures were before the Senate. Mr.
Davis and myself were diametrically opposed
upon them all. We were educated at different
periods, under different civilizations, and our
views of what was proper and necessary to be
done were utterly diverse. I believe that in
every single instance, upon every measure of
that sort, my vote was upon the one side and
his upon the other.
I believed then, as I believe now. that Mr.
Davis was as honest and sincere in his views
as 1 was in mine. 1 believe he accorded the
same sincerity and honesty to me, and our
warm personal relations were not in the slight-
est degree disturbed. But, as I have said,
the social and political changes which were the
