1254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
trict judge of the eastern district of Missouri is
now $3,500. I have a statement before me
showing that it is the lowest salary of district
judges in any of the larger cities of the United
States. There is the district judge at San
Francisco, who gets $5,000; at New Orleans,
$4,500; at Chicago, $4,000; at Baltimore,
$4,000; at Boston, $4,000; at New York,
$4,000; at Philadelphia, Albany, Pittsburg,
and Cleveland, $3,750; only the district judge
at St. Louis gets $3,500; the salary fixed at
 . time when St. Louis was a small town. At
the present moment there is probably not a
district judge in the United States who is more
occupied than he is, every week in the year.
Without enlarging upon the impolicy of pay-
ing our judges meanly, I think he certainly
should have his salary raised to that fixed for
the northern district of Illinois. I hope, there-
fore, that the amendment will not be agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should be very sorry
to defeat this bill, which came to us under the
representation that it was to cure merely a de-
fect in the act of a year ago not upon this
point, by having it go over; but, as representing
the Judiciary Committee, knowing the state
of similar claims before that committee, if it
were seriously proposed to pinch up one salary
and leave the others all around here and there
sis they are, I should be obliged if this amend-
ment were rejected to ask that the bill go
over until we could go into a general debate
upon the subject. I want to have the bill
passed, and 1 want my friend from Missouri
to be content with the salary as it is until we
can at the next session revise the whole scale
of the salaries of the district judges, and
wherever there is an inequality correct it with
reference to all the others, and do justice to
all alike at the same time. That is my point.
Therefore, without undertaking to say whether
the gentleman ought to be paid $3,500 or
$4,000, in and of itself, I only ask the Senate
to protect the committee in the endeavor to
keep the public business right side up, so that
.we may act on this question of salaries of
judges altogether ana at one time, when
everybody will be satisfied with what shall be
done. 1 hope, therefore, that the amendment
will bo agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say that he will object to the consider-
ation of the bill if the amendment shall be
rejected?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I say that if this amend-
ment should not be agreed to, I should feel
obliged to ask that the bill go over until I can
get the necessary statement and papers from
the committee-room as to the other applica-
tions of a similar character, so as to be ready
to go into a debate upon the subject, which I
am sure will satisfy the Senate that we are
right about it. That is what I say.
Mr. SCHURZ. Then I see that that is a
sort of terrorism which we have got to sub-
mit to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will object now, if you
prefer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was to strike out sec-
tion six in the following words:
Seo. 6. That, pursuant to an order to that effect
entered ot record m term-time, one of the said terms
, e P.']:. circuit court in and for the western dis-
trict of Missouri may be held regularly, or by ad-
journment, each year, at Kansas City or St. Joseph,
if, in the opinion of the court or judges thereof, the
public convomence will be thereby promoted : Pro-
vided, however. That the expense to the United
states tor rooms shall not exceed the sum of 8300
per year.
Mr. SCHURZ. I object to that amendment.
Kansas City and St. Joseph, where the bill aa
it stood provided that terms of the circuit
couit, should be held, are two of the largest
cities in that part of the State, very consider-
able business places, and I think it is very
important for the accomodation of the people
there that this section of the bill should stand
as it came from the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think probably the bill
may as well go over if I have got to have a
contest with my friend from Missouri. Here
is a bill which mainly and professedly is to
cure a defect in the constitution of the court
and we get into a squabble over salaries and
the places where courts are to be held. It is
a matter which will lead to debate and it ought
to lead to debate from Senators in the con-
sideration of these questions; and if we are to
have contest over a matter of that kind, the
bill had better go over in justice to the rest of
the Calendar.
Mr. SCHURZ. I do not understand the
Senator to object now. Does he?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do now.
Mr. SCHURZ. You want the bill to go
over?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, unless you agree to
the amendments of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
objected to and goes over.
Mr. SCHURZ. Has the bill gone over on
the objection of the Senator from Vermont ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has.
Mr. SCHURZ. Then I move that the Sen-
ate proceed with the consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri moves to postpone the
Calendar and proceed with the consideration
of the bill which has just been under discus-
sion.
The motion was not agreed to.
mkssagk from the house
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
3583) making appropriations for the payment
of claims reported allowed by the commis-
sioners of claims under the act of Congress
of March 3, 1871 ; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a resolution directing the further
correction of an error in the message of the
House to the Senate on the 23d of January
last, communicating to the Senate the action
of the House on the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) in
relation to the Vienna exposition.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 107) for the relief
of the heirs or legal representatives of George
C. Bestof.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills:
A bill (S. No. 1206) for the erection of a
public building for the use of the United States
in Covington, Kentucky;
A bill (S. No. 171) for the relief of Pay-
master George F. Cutter;
A bill (S. No. 198) for the relief of Warren
& Moore;
A bill (S. No. 1022) relating to the claim of
John B. Chapman ;
A bill (S. No. 868) for the relief of J. &
C. M.Dailey;
A bill (S. No. 940) for the relief of William
Webster, of Maine;
_A bill (S. No. 010) for the relief of Lizzie
Gilmer, postmaster at Pittsfield, Illinois;
A bill (S. No. 1090) for the relief of Wil-
liam L. Utley;
A bill (S. No. 1142) for the relief of S. E.
Ward;
A bill (S. No. 884) for the relief of the sure-
ties of Frederick Boehmler, of the State of
Iowa;
A bill (S. No. 549) for the relief of R. H.
Pratt;
A bill (H. R. No. 2989) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1874, and for
other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3476) to provide for the
removal of the wooden buildings on Judiciary
square.
CIVIL ENGINEERS IN THE NAVY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1411) fixing the pay of civil engineers
in the United States Navy.
The bill was read.
Mr. STOCKTON. The substance of this
bill has passed the House, and at the last ses-
sion of Congress it was introduced by myself
by direction of the Naval Committee as an
amendment to the naval appropriation bill,
and it was adopted by the Senate. It is simply
placing the civil engineers in the same position
as those who are of the same grade in other
matters in the naval service. I believe there
is no expense added to the Navy, or if any-
thing it is a mere trifle. It is a matter of jus-
tice to those gentlemen. Having explained it
fully to the Senate, and having had the entire
concurrence of the Senate on a previous occa-
sion, it is hardly necessary to occupy the time
of the Senate any further in explaining it. It
is a matter which has already been assented to
by both branches.
Mr. COLE. This is a Senate bill, not a
House bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. I thought it was a
House bill. Is there not a bill from the House
to the same effect?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California object to the consid-
eration of the bill ?
Mr. COLE. I supposed the Senator from
New Jersey did not want any action on it, as
it is a Senate bill. We may reach the House
bill on the Calendar.
Mr. STOCKTON. I will consent to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
ARSENAL OF CONSTRUCTION.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1431) to provide for the establishment
of a large arsenal of construction and repair,
a powder depot, and a proving ground, at
suitable points east of the Alleghany mount-
ains, and for the discontinuance and disposal
of some of the smaller arsenals.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let that go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw the objection
if the Senator wants to be heard. It is too
important a bill to be passed without dis-
cussion.
Mr. LOGAN. _ I can only have a moment
now. The bill in reference to the arsenal I
think the Senator will find is amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. The title indicates a sub-
ject of grave importance that we ought not to
act on under the rule which applies to-day,
which makes it subject to objection.
Mr. LOGAN. The words ''east of the
Alleghany mountains" are stricken out, and
the bill is one that has been recommended by
the War Department, based upon the report
of officers of the Army that have been ap-
pointed for that* purpose. The idea is to
abolish quite a large number of small arsenals'
that are costing a. great deal of money every
year without any benefit to the country and
concentrate them in one, which will be of
material advantage to the Government. That
is the recommendation of the Secretary of
War. I will say to the Senator and to the
Senate that the bill isoneprepared by the War
Department after having had a commission to
examine into the question.
Mr. THURMAN. Does the Senator ask
for the consideration of this bill now ?
^ Mr. LOGAN. I should like to have iteon-
sidered unless there is objection to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is manifest that a bill
