290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
possibility of fidelity between man and man.
But the common people have faith in friend-
ship, and the great Kentucky statesman and
his devoted and faithful friend will tindalasting
ami fond place in their memories. Their friend-
ship does equal honor to both parties. It is
t tie homage of fidelity to nohility. Likemercy,
" It is twice bleas'd;
It blesseth him that gives, and biui that takes :
"L'i~ mightiest in the mightiest: it becomes
The throned monaroh better than his crown."
Whoever else may have failed, Mr.Clav
found in the now deceased Senator a faithtul
ami devoted friend. It does not imply 011 the
putt of the friend inferiority or servility, but
ra'her the higher and nobler qualities ot
nature. The secoud place is often the purer
and greater in such relations. If there can
be no subordinate place except in derogation
and dishonor, there can be 110 friendship Aut
Ctesar aut null us is a maxim anti democratic
and vulgar, fatal to government, fatal to socie-
ty, f.-.tal to liberty, fatal to civilization.
No man of our time, I think, has preserved
a morp scrupulous character for integrity.
This essential quality, indispensable to legis-
lators and rulers as in industry or com-
merce. he had in as high degree as any states-
man of our history. It was integrity of mind
and integrity of action, and the general hom-
age which has been paid him by the people
he represented is a touching and lasting tribute
to his memory.
Every speaker upon this occasion has alluded
to his unfailing and almost unparalleled indus-
try in the discharge of his official duties. Pub-
lic duty has rarely had a more persistent and
conscientious servant. It may, perhaps, be
considered an unimportant trait, but it is the
foundation of utility and success. The hot
blood of the Southron did not fail to manifest
itself, as we know: but his intercourse with
associates and his deportment in debate were
distinguished by scrupulous regard for the
rights of others and the freedom of discussion.
Mr. Speaker, in these essential elements of
character the deceased Senator was a man
whom we might well imitate and may well
honor; and I trust his example and his record
will be long remembered by the people of the
country as illustrating the career of a distin
g'lished and honorable member of the Congress
of the United Sta'es.
Mr. McHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I cannot
permit the last sad ceremonies on the death
of the distinguished Senator from my State to
pass without adding my humble and heartfelt
tribute to his memory, and saying a few words
in commemoration of his talents and virtues.
1 shall not. however, attempt to give the his-
tory of his life ; thathas been truthful'y given by
my co'h-ague, [Mr. Beck.] It is enough for me
to say that he lived to the age of threescore
and ten—the time allotted to man ; and that he
died with honors clustering thick around him.
Tha' be was honest, industrious, faithful,
and talented, is well known and recognized by
his contemporaries in Congress and his con-
stituents at home ; and all can bear witness to
the high political integrity and patriotism of
his public life. His name and fame will be
preserved in the history of Congress, and the
records of either House attest his zeal for his
State and country and the indefatigable en-
ergy and ability which he manifested on all
the great questions which were presented here
during his twenty years in the councils of the
nation. He was not ambitious so far as con-
cerned his individual preferment; it was for
his country and his State that he struggled for
position. That he might add to their welfare,
and to the happiness of his people, was the
manly and patriotic effort of his life. He was
of those whose lot it was—
" The applause of listening Senates to command.
The threats of pain and ruin to despise;
To scatter plenty o'er a smiling land,
And read their history in a nation's eyes."
He never aspired to a position that the peo-
ple did not want him to fill, and, consequently,
he never sustained a defeat for any office tor
which he was a candidate. It was my fortune
to have been a member of the Kentucky Legis-
lature each time when he was elected to theSeu-
ate, and I can but remember in his last con-
test for a seat there, when the indications were
that another distinguished gentleman seemed
the choice of the political party to which he
belonged, he retired from the contest imme-
diately and declined with so much grace, and
with such little show of chagrin or mortifica-
tion, that a stroug feeling of admiration for
his manly qualities sprang up iuthat body and
resulted in his triumphant election.
Mr. Davis formed his opinions on political
matters with deliberation and honesty of pur-
pose, and adhered to them with great fidelity
and teuacity when he believed them to be right.
Iu evidence of this, he was a member of the
convention which formed the present constitu-
tion of Kentucky, and was prominent iu the
debates and deliberations of that body, and
many of its provisions are the result of his
opinions and influence. But to some of its
innovations upon old conservative ideas he was
so conscientiously and unalterably opposed
that he refused to sign it, and chose to resign
his seat in the convention rather than connect
his name with an instrument which he could
not approve. But, sir, when he ascertained
that he was wrong, no pride of opinion, no
love of consistency, prevented him from
placing himself in the right, and making the
amende honorable if that opinion had done
injustice to another. As an example of this
I refer to what is well known in this Capitol,
that after having introduced a resolution for
the expulsion of his distinguished colleague,
Senator Powell, he afterward made a manly
retraction in the open Senate, and extended
his hand so cordially to the gentleman, to
whom he admitted he had done injustice, that
they were warm and devoted friends after-
ward, and cooperated most earnestly for the
interest of their native State.
Mr. Davis's devotion to duty and his energy
to accomplish whatever he believed to be
for the welfare of his country were above all
personal considerations. During the last ses-
sion, when he was suddenly stricken with the
disease which afterward proved fatal, I was
the first of his colleagues who hastened to his
bedside. 1 found him prostrate, with just
enough of life for him to feel that the light of
this world was fast fading from him ; but, even
iu that hour, his thoughts turned to his duties
as a Senator, and he charged me with a mes-
sage to his friends in the Seuate to get his
vote paired off on the amnesty bill then under
consideration, and for the passage of which he
felt great interest.
Mr. Davis was not a genius, nor were his
talents of that brillant style, nor his eloquence
so commanding as some of his predecessors
whose names have become immortal. But he
was eminently practical, strong, and forcible
in his ideas, with a graceful flow of language
which gave much elegance to his speeches,
and made him the peer in debate of any man
in the Senate; and his State may well be proud
of the rank he held and the record he left be-
hind him. In his private life he was kind,
generous, and noble ; courteous and dignified
in his bearing, seldom offensive, and with a
temperament and courage that brooked no
insult from others ; yet—
" His life was gentle; and the elements
So mix'd in him, that Nature might stand up
And say to all the world, ' This was a mail.'"
He died among his friends, and his ashes
repose in the bosom of his loved Kentucky.
The last sad rites have there been held. This
is the closing scene. His history is now fin-
ished, and shows us much to admire, much to
emulate—some things, perhaps, to condemn.
Frailty is human. The lives of all are check-
ered with error. Not many of us will leave so
few clouds on our escutcheon. He has fulfilled
his missioB and accomplished his destiny.
"AVhy weep y , then, for him. who having run
The bound of man's appointed years, at last
Life's blessings all enjoyed, life's labors done,
Serenely to his final rest has passed;
While the soft memory of his virtues yet
Lingers like twilight hues when the bright sun
has set ? "
Mr. Speaker, I offer the following resolu-
tions, and move their adoption.
The Clerk read as follows;
Hetolved, That the House hag learned with feelings
of profound regret that the Hon. G.visrett Davis,
late a Senator in the Congress of the United States
from the Commonwealth of Kentucky, departed
this life athis residence near Paris in that State, on
the 22d of September, 1872, during the recess of this
body.
Heeolvcd, That in the death of Mr. Davi8 this
country has lost a citizen eminent for his public and
private virtues, a statesman of the purest patriotism,
a Senator of ability and worth, and that his death is
deplored by the whole country.
llexo/ved, That as a testimony of our respect for
the memory of the deceased, the members and
officers of the House will wear the usual badge of
mourning for thirty days.
Jicnolved, That as a furthor mark of respect for his
memory, the House do now adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted.
And accordingly (at four o'clock and twenty
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BEATTY : The petition of Captain
F. M. Scott, asking pay for horses lost while
in the military service of the United States.
By Mr. EAMES: The petition of George
Howland, for amendment of the act of Feb-
ruary, 1871, granting pensions to the soldiers
and sailors of the war of 1812.
By Mr. KETCHAM : The petition of Mrs.
Mary C. Kilmer, of Hudson, New York, for
a pension.
By Mr. LAMPORT; The petitions of Mrs.
Tarner Frost, Nathaniel Milliman, and Nancy
Flanders, for pensions.
By Mr. McOORMICK, of Missouri: The
petition of Charles L. Allen, asking that back
pension be allowed him.
By Mr. McCRARY: The petition of Marga-
ret Froelinger, widow of Michael Froelinger,
company H, fifteenth Missouri volunteers, for
a pension.
1 By Mr. M AYNARD : The petition of John
! Lawrence, for fifty dollars for legal services
I rendered in dissolving an injunction against an
agent of the Bureau of Refugees, Freed men,
and Abandoned Lands.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition of
the heirs of Lieutenant Jacob Cramer, for the
passage of an net which will invest the heirs
with the laud which they are legally entitled to.
Also, the petition of Samuel Z. Cooper,
late private company H, twenty-second regi-
ment Pennsylvania cavalry volunteers, for
restoration to the pension-roll.
Also, the petition of Hannah McCormick,
widow of George McCormick, deceased, late
of company G, twenty-ninth regiment, Penn-
sylvania volunteers, for the $100 bounty prom-
ised under the President's proclamation of
April, 1861, and granted under the decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States.
By Mr. SWANN : The memorial of Mrs.
Mary A. P. Brown, of Baltimore, Maryland,
asking relief for services performed by her hus-
band, John P. Brown, secretary and dragoman
to the United States legation at Constantinople.
Also, the memorial of the executor and
heir of Nicholas Orwig, deceased, praying
for settlement of the French spoliation claims.
By Mr. TERRY: The petition of Emily
Smith and others, heirs of Isaac Smith, ot
Northampton county, Virginia, for compensa-
tion for French spoliations.
By Mr. TOWN SEND, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of Elizabeth Rothwell, for a pension.
