1872.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December, 19, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washing-
ton District of Columbia.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. MORTON. If no Senator desires to
hear the Journal read, as we have only two days
before the adjournment, I suggest that its
reading be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to dispensing with the readiug of the Jour-
nal ? The Chair hears none.
PKTITrONS AND MKMOBIAIS.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of R.
H. Swift, of Richmond, Indiana, praying com-
pensation for information furnished against
illicit distilleries ; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of Oliver
Evans Wood, praying that the Commissioner
of Patents be authorized to extend to him for
seven years from December 28, 1872, the pat-
. ent No. 22467, for a peculiarly constructed
valise ortruuk, which can be quickly converted
into an efficient life preserver; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Emily Smith and other heirs of Isaac Smith,
of Virginia, praying to be indemnified for spo-
liations committed by the French prior to
the year 1801 ; which was orderd to lie on the
table.
Mr. CORBETT presented the petition of
Christopher Shack, a soldier of the war of
1812, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented the petition
of Thouas P. Bailey, M. D., of Georgetown,
South Carolina, grand-nephew of Thomas
Bailey and David Bailey, executor of. the
estate of Rol>ert S. Bailey, deceased, and rep-
resentatives of the coheirs of Robert S. Bailey,
praying to be indemnified for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the year 1801;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN. I present the petition of
Job Prince and various others, soldiers and
seamen in the war of 1812-14, who represent
that they are excluded from the provisions of
the law of February 14, 1871, granting pen-
sions to certain persons therein named, and
they ask that the time of service required be
shortened so as to include them, and also to
include those who were in letters of marque
as privateers in that war. I move the refer-
ence of the petition to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
the petition of Mary Harrison McCormick and
others, praying to be indemnified for spolia-
tions committed by the French prior to the
year 1801; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented the petition of John
Brady, a soldier of the war of 1812, prayingto
be allowed a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE presented the peti-
tion of Mary E. Griswold Davison, great grand-
daughter, and one of the heirs of Horace
Hooker, on behalf of herself and coheirs,
praying to be indemnified for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the year 1801;
which was ordered to tie on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of
Maria Witt, of Minnesota, praying to be
allowed a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of Wil-
liam N. Berkeley, of Alexandria, Virginia,
praying to be paid for church property de-
stroyed by U nited States troops ; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. NORWOOD presented the petition of
Mary M. Marshall, widow of Captain James
Marshall, deceased, praying to be allowed a
pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented the
petition of Alexander C. Twining, Eli W.
Blake, and E.. Whitney, citizeus of New
Haven, Connecticut, praying the enactment
of an explanatory act relating to the patent
laws; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, presented the
petition of James E. English, Noah Porter,
B. G. Northrup, C. S. Lyinan. W. P. Trow-
bridge, and other citizens of Connecticut,
praying a further grant of public lands for the
use of agricultural colleges ; which was referred
to the Committee ou Education and Labor.
He also presented the memorial ol L. M.
Harris and J. W. Harris, of Boston, Massachu-
setts, and W. L. Grout, of Lexington, Massa-
chusetts, and others, remonstrating against an
extension of the patent of A. B. Wilson for
a feeding motion to sewing machines ; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Henry S. Welles, of the city of New York,
praying compensation for removing obstruc-
tions from the harbor of Savannah, Georgia ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented the petition of citi-
zeus of Alabama, praying that a post route
be established between Ashville and Mumford
in that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
reports of committees.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 341) to reduce the rates of
correspondence by telegraph and to connect
the telegraph with the postal service, have
instructed me to report the same back with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute, ac-
companied by a report. I may say here that
the committee desire that the Senate shall
consider this bill at an early day after the
reassembting in January. I move that the
report of the committee be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 499) to allow women to
vote and hold office in the Territories of the
| United States, to report the same adversely.
| Whatever opinions of the members of the
I committee may be touching the abstract
| question, it appeared evident to as that that
abstract question ought to be settled by the
people of the Territories themselves analo-
gously to the States, rather than have Cou-
gress force any rule upon them that they did
not like themselves.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like it to go on
the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
go on the Calendar with the adverse report of
the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 483) to declare the true intent,
meaning, and effect of the act entitled "An
act to provide for the suits, judgments, and
business of the United States provisional
court for the State of Louisiana," approved
July 28, 18(56, to report the same adversely.
It appears to the committee that Congress
has legislated as far in the direction this bill
wishes us to go as we ought to do. We ask to
have the bill indefinitely postponed.
Mr. WEST. What is the bill ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. A bill respecting the
provisional court in New Orleans The ob-
ject of the bill was to require the district court
to issue execution upon the judgments of the
provisional court rendered six or eight years
ago.
Mr. WEST. I shall make no olajection to
the indefinite postponement of the bill.
The bill was indefinitely postponed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 152) amending joint resolution approved
March 2, 1867, report the same adversely,
and ask that it be indefinitely postponed. The
effect of this joint resolution is to provide pay-
ment to those people who engaged in the re-
I bellion and who had rendered service to the
I United States as marshals, postmasters, &c.,
| before that time. The committee are of the
: opinion that it ought not to pass, but my hon-
orable friend from Ohio [Mr. Thuhman]
thinks it ought to pass, and it may go on the
Calendar.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint reso-
lution will be placed on the Calendar with the
adverse report of the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am also instructed by
the same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 453) to facilitate internal com
merce, but which is in fact a bill to incorpo-
rate the brotherhood of locomotive engineers
with power to hold real estate aud to set up
subordinate lodges or brotherhoods in the
various States, to report it adversely for what
appears to us to be the obvious reason that
its constitutionality is very doubtful, aud some
gentlemen of the committee think its pro-
priety, even if constitutional, is very doubtful.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent, the bill will be indefinitely postponed,
, and it is indefinitely postponed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom were referred
1 the bill (S. No. 1202) to prohibit the manu-
facture, importation, and sale of intoxicating
liquors as a beverage in the Territories of the
United States and in the District of Columbia,
and also a great mass of petitions from differ-
ent States on the same subject, to report an
! original bill. I wish to state that this bill is
copied from the law of Ohio, similar to that
in many of the western States, passed in 1855,
which has in practice operated very well. The
Committee on Finance,while believing that this
subject ought not properly to have fallen within
their jurisdiction, deemed it their duty under
i the instructions of the Senate to report this
bill. I give notice to the Senator from Kansas,
; [Mr. Pomeroy,] who introduced the subject-
matter that having reported the bill I shall
consider myself discharged from it and he
i must take charge of the bill. [Laughter.]
, The bill (S. No. 1276) to provide against the
] evils resulting from the sale of intoxicating
, liquors was read, and passed to a second
! reading.
| The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
printed and placed on the Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY. I offer an amendment to
the bill which I desire to have printed with it.
I am willing to take charge of the bill; I have
not any objection to that. I believe in the
bill, but I want my amendment attached to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall vote for it with
great pleasure.
Mr. SCOTT. As reports are now in order,
I ask the Senate to take up and consider the
report of the committee of conference on the
bill for the relief of Theodore Adams.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees being in order, the Senator from Penn-
sylvania asks the Senate to consider a report
made at the close of the last session. Is there
objection ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the nature of it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the report
of a conference committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; bat I dejire to
know what is the nature of the claim.
Mr. SCOTT. It is a claim that was very
fully debated in the Senate at the last session,
for the construction of mortar boats at St.
Louis.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much does it in-
volve ?
