292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19.
Mr. SCOTT. About $100,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it had better take
its regular order. i
Mr. SCOTT. Then I shall move to take it j
up, if I can find the opportunity, during the
morning hour. 1
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
bill ( H. R. No. 2456) for the relief of Mary C.
Griffin, have instructed me to report adversely
thereon, and to recommend the indefinite
postponement of the bill. The committee are
of opinion that it does not appear that the
husband of the claimant died of wounds re-
ceived or disease contracted while in the
service of the United States. I move the
indefinite postponement of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The same
committee, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2454) granting a pension to Hetty M.
Kepner and others, have directed me to report
it back. The committee are of opinion that
the proof fails to show that the disease of
which the husbands of the petitioners died was
contracted while in the service, and therefore
report adversely. I move the indefinite
postponement of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I am directed
by the same committee to report back the bill
(H. R. No. 2457) grauting a pension to Sarah
S. Cooper. She was the widow of an officer
who it appears from the evidence positively
did not die of disease contracted while in the
service, and the committee report adversely.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I am directed
by the same committee, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2403) granting a pension
to George G. Gardner, to report it back.
The committee were of opinion that sufficient
relief may be afforded to the petitioner by
existing law, and therefore recommend the
indefinite postponement of the bill.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I am directed
by the same committee to report back the bill
(S. No. 921) granting a pension to Albert A.
Morey. It is not sustained by any evidence,
and we therefore move the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The same
committee have directed me to report back
the bill (H. R. No. 2407) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Cupp, whose husband never was
mustered into the service of the U nited States,
and the committee are of opinion that a bad
precedent would be set by granting this peti-
tion, and we therefore move the indefinite
postponement of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2442) granting a pension to Charles B.
Fairchild, reported it without amendment and
submitted a report thereon; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2446) grant-
ing a pension to Benjamin Clark, reported it
without amendment and submitted a report
thereon ; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2445) grant-
ing a pension to Susan Schofield, reported it
without amendment and submitted a report
thereon ; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 938) con-
ferring jurisdiction upon the Court of Claims
to hear and determine an informer's moiety
case, submitted an adverse report thereon.
The bill was postponed indefinitely, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom waa referred the bill (H. R. No. 2904)
for the relief of George Reber, reported it
without amendment and submitted a report
thereon ; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2892) for the
relief of John t!linton, of Brownsville, Ten-
nessee, have instructed me to report it back
with a recommendation that the bill be indefi-
nitely postponed. I call the attention of the
Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Cooper] to the
Mr. COOPER. I ask that the bill go on
the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go on
the Calendar with the adverse report of the
committee.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a petition of citisens of
the United States praying that Henry Gar-
rett be allowed compensation for property
destroyed in the capture of J. Wilkes Booth,
have instructed me to report it back with a
recommendation that the petitioner be allowed
to withdraw his petition and papers.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
the petitioner to withdraw his petition and
papers from the files of the Senate.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John R. Graton,
praying compensation for services rendered
as second lieutenant from September 13, 1862,
to January 13, 1803, have instructed me to
make an adverse report, and recommend that
the petitioner have leave to withdraw his
papers. There is a written report submitted
I in this case.
j The committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition, the report
was ordered to be printed, and the petitioner
was given leave to withdraw his petition and
papers from the files of the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1271) granting a pension to
Phoebe Sofield, widow of Lewis Soneld, to ask
I to be discharged from its further consideration.
We find that the applicant died, and I ask that
the papers be placed on file and authority
given to any of the friends or heirs to with-
draw the papers.
The committee was discharged from the-
further consideration of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a House
bill, and the papers will have to be returned
to the House of Representatives.
Mr. LOGAN. The same committee have
instructed me to report back the petition of
Elizabeth M. Link, asking a pension on ac-
count of the death of her son. The evidence
is not sufficient to warrant the committee in
reporting favorably, and we ask to have the
case indefinitely postponed.
The committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition.
Mr. LOGAN. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 847) grant-
ing a pension to Adrian S. Lee, have author-
ized me to report it back and ask that it be
indefinitely postponed, on the ground that the
testimony is not sufficient to authorize the
granting of a pension.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. LOGAN, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2451)
granting a pension to John Oliver, Louisa
Oliver, Robert Oliver, and Martha A. Oliver,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whotn
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2447) granting
a pension to Sarah Reynolds, reported it with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2449) granting
a pension to Mary H. Bartlett, reported it
without amendment. .
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Coirmitteeon
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 24C3,) granting a pension to Ellen W.
P. Carter, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2466) granting
a pension to Angelica Hammond, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2405) grant-
ing a pension to Hila A. Cooksy, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2467) granting
a pension to Aidy A. Autry, reported it without
amendment.
samuel b. elliott.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2775) for the relief of Samuel B. Elliott,
late acting purser of the United States vessel
of war The Flirt, have had the same under
consideration and directed me to report it
back without amendment and recommend its
passage ; and I would ask for its present con-
sideration. It is a small bill.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to allow Samuel B. Elliott, late acting
purser of the United States vessel of war The
Flirt, in the readjustment of his accounts, the
sum of $556 53, being the amount due for his
services as acting purser, after deducting the
amount paid him as micUhipman in the Navy
for the same period.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
amendment of postal code.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 8248) to amend the one
hundred and thirty-third and oue hundred and
thirty-fourth sections of an act approved June
8, 1872, entitled "An act to revise, consoli-
date, and amend the statutes relating to the
Post Office Department," have instructed me
to report it back with amendments. This sim-
ply authorizes the transmission by mail of
packages of seeds, cuttings, bulbs, roots, &c.,
of a larger weight than is provided for in the
code. That limits it to twelve ounces. This
extends it to four poandB. There is anxiety
on the part of some- of the members of the
other House that this bill should pass before
the vacation. If there be no objection, I ask
the Senate to consider it now.
By unanimous consent, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes so to amend sections one hundred
and thirty-three and one hundred and thirty-
four of the act entitled "An act to revise, con-
solidate, and amend the statutes relating to the
Post Office Department," approved ■ Jnne 8,
1872, as to authorize the transmission by mail
of packages of seeds, cuttings, bulbs, roots,
and scions of any weight, for each of such
packages, not exceeding four pounds, at u
rate of postage of two cents for every four
ounces and fractions of an ounce of such pack-
age or packages.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads was to
strike out the words oue hundred and thirty-
four," and make the word " sections " read
"section," so as to read, "That section one
hundred and thirty-three of the act entitled,
&c., be so amended," &c.
Mr. RAMSEY. The bill only amends one
section instead of two sections, as the House
recites.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment waa in lines ten and
eleven after the words " postage of," to strike
out the words " two cents for every four
ounces and," and insert "one cent for each
two ounces or," so as to read, " at a rate of
