1256
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
for the past and future use of the Norton post-
marking and postage-canceling hand-stamp.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. That may as
well go over. It -will take too long to consider
it to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont object to the consideration
of this bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Most decid-
edly. It is an old acquaintance, as the Sen-
ator is perfectly aware.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I am aware of
that. The Senator from Vermont will pardon
me for saying that the question has been before
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
and before the Senate, and the bill was once
passed by the Senate. I trustthe Senator will
allow it to pass to the Courtof Claims, so that it
can be settled there. Certainly the parties inter-
ested ought to be paid what is justly their due.
The committee have considered it, and think it
best to refer it to the Court of Claims and have
it there considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
bill on the Calendar will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The next bill on the
Calendar is the bill (S. No. 1078) referring to
the Court of Claims a claim for the use of the
Norton type-wheel dating and printing ma-
chinery, also the dating and canceling hand-
stamp.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
goes over.
CHANGES 01? REFERENCES.
Mr. ANTHONY. House bill No. 3853 for
the relief of William Wheeler Hubbell was
yesterday referred to the Committee on Claims.
That subject has been before the Committee
on Naval Affairs before, and I suppose that
to be the proper committee for it to go to. If
the chairman of the Committee on Claims has
no objection, I move that the Committee on
Claims be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT.- I ask consent to make a
motion to discharge the Committee on Claims
from the consideration of the bill (II. R. No.
3871) referring the claim of J. Snowden &
Son to the Court of Claims, and that it may
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
It is one of a class of bills which the Com-
mittee oh Naval Affairs have been consider-
ing, and it is proper that it should go with the
others.
The motion was agreed to.
CHARLES H. MALLORY AND COMPANY.
The bill (H. R. No. 1118) for the relief of
Charles H. Mallory & Co., of New York, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides for the payment of $>1,160 to C.
H. Mallory & Co., the amount awarded by
a board of officers appointed as a court of in-
quiry by special order of the War Department,
Adjutant General's Office, No. 617, dated
December 13, 1866.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CHANGE OF NAME OB1 A BANK.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. 11. No. 3534) authorizing the First Na-
tional Bank of Watkins, New York, to change
its location and name; which was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. The bill
authorizes the First National Bank of Watkins,
now located in the village of Watkins, county
of Schuyler, New York, to change its location
to the village of Penn Yan, in the county of
Yates, in the same State. Whenever the stock-
holders, representing three fourths of the capi-
tal stock of the bank, at a meeting called for
that purpose, determine to make the change, I
the president and the cashier shall execute a
certificate, under the corporate seal of the bank,
specifying such determination, and shall cause
the same to be recorded in the office, of the
Comptroller of the Currency; and thereupon
such change of location shall be effected, and
the operations of discount and deposit of the
bank shall be carried on in the village of Penn
Yan, and its name shall be "The First Na-
tional Bank of Penn Yan."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and
JOHN MILLER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3506) for the relief of John Mil-
ler ; which was considered as in Committee
of the Whole, The Postmaster General is
directed by the bill to allow John Miller,
postmaster at Newark, Delaware, credit for
such sum of money, not exceeding $165, as
shall cover the amount of paid money-orders,
and of money-orders and postal funds, which
shall appear to the Postmaster General, upon
evidence satisfactory to him, to have been
destroyed by the burning of the office of the
postmaster, on the 21st of April, 1871.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Is there any report in
that case?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is
no report.
Mr. WRIGHT. I may be allowed to state
to the Senator from South Carolina that that
bill was examined by the Committee on
Claims and the testimony is very satisfactory
of the destruction of the property by fire, and
we have also the recommendation of the Post-
master General fully concurring in the fact of
the loss; and the amount is so small that I
trust there will be no objection to passing the
bill now. The committee were unanimous
in reporting the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
•TAMES M. HAGAN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2259) for the relief of James M.
Hagar; which was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It provides for the payment
to James M. Hagar, of Richmond, Maine,
owner of the ship Ida Lilly, of $1,375, ille-
gally exacted from the toaster of the ship and
afterward covered into the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. THURMAN. Is there a report in that
ease?
Mr. PRATT. There is no report in the
case from our committee, but the Committee
on Claims adopted the report made by the
committee of the House of Representatives.
It is a very clear case; but if the Senator
from Ohio desires to have it read 
Mr. THGIiMAN. Not if it. is satisfactory
to the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call
for the reading of the report is withdrawn.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered io a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
VENEZUELAN CONVENTION.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3252) to enforce the stipulations
of the convention with Venezuela of April
25, 1866, and the payment of adjudicated
claims.
The bill was read.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not see any of the
Committee .011 Foreign Relations in the Sen
ate, and the bill had better be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will go over.
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH IN GEORGETOWN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3481) to authorize the trustees of
the Presbyterian congregation of Georgetown
to dispose of real estate; which was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It au-
thorizes the trustees of the Presbyterian con-
gregation of Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia, to dispose of any and all real estate
owned by the congregation, and to convey title
therefor; and repeals so much of the act of
Congress approved March 28, 1806, entitled
"An act to incorporate the trustees of the
Presbyterian congregation of Georgetown,"
as is inconsistent with this.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to call the
attention of the Senator from Oregon to this
bill. He objected to it before and I do not
know but that he is prepared now to let it
pass.
Mr. KELLY. It was another bill; we have
already passed over that.
Mr. PATTERSON. I thought this was the
other bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
GIFT ENTERPRISES.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3482) prohibiting gift enterprises
in the District of Columbia; which was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. So
much of the act of the Legislative Assembly
of the District of Columbia entitled "An act
imposing a license on trades, business, and
professions practiced or carried on in the Dis-
trict, of Columbia," approved August, 23,1871,
as authorizes gift-enterprises therein and
licenses to be issued therefor, is by this bill
disapproved and repealed; and hereafter it is
to be unlawful for any person or persons to
engage in that business in any manner as
defined in that act or otherwise; and any
person or persons so doing, on conviction
thereof in the police court of the District, on
information filed for and on behalf of the Dis-
trict,, in the manner provided for in the six-
teenth section of the act creating the police
court in the District for the enforcement of
laws or ordinances of the late corporations of
Washington, Georgetown, and the levy court,
shall pay a fine of not exceeding $1,000, or be
imprisoned in the jail of the District for a
period of not less than one nor more than six
months, or both, in the discretion of the court.
Any party deeming himself aggrieved by the
judgment of the police court may appeal there-
from to the criminal court of the District in
the manner provided for in other cases of con-
victions in the police court, and the judgment
of the criminal court shall be final. .
Mr. MACHEN. I offer an amendment, to
insert after the word "otherwise," in line
eleven, the words " except for the benefit of
regularly organized churches and incorporated
public libraries."
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, aud passed.
VENEZUELA CONVENTION.
Mr. HAMLIN. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on. Foreign Relations is necessarily
absent from the Senateon account of ill health.
We have just passed over, at the bottom of
page llJ, a bill relating to Venezuela. I ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to return
to that bill, so that it maybe taken up if there
be no objection, as I hope there will be none.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine asks unanimous consent, to return
to the consideration of the bill (II. R. No.
3252) to enforce the stipulations of the con-
vention with Venezuela of April 25, 1866, and
the payment of adjudicated claims. Is there
objection to the present consideration of the
bill named ? The Chair hears none, and the
bill is before the Senate as in Committee.of
the Whole.
The bill was read.
The Committee on Foreign Relations re-
