1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1257
ported an amendment, to strike out all after
the-word "Venezuela," in line seven, as fol-
lows:
And that the President of the United States be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to adopt
such measures, not amounting to acts of war, as he
may deem expedient, to enforce the claims of citi-
zens of the United States adjudicated by the mixed
commission organized under the treaty of the 25th
of April, 1866, and made payable by the republic of
Venezuela to the Government of the United States,
in accordance with the provisions of said treaty.
Sec. 2. That he be authorized and directed, in
l ike manner, to collect such claims of citizens of the
united States as were acknowledged by Venezuela
to be due prior to the sitting of the said mixed com-
mission.
So as to make the bill read:
That the adjudication ofclaims by the convention
with Venezuela of April 25, 1866, pursuant to the
terms of said convention, is hereby recognized as
final and conclusive, and to be held as valid and
subsisting against the republic of Venezuela.
Mr. THURMAN. That amendment is to
strike out the observations I was about to
make when I rose after the reading of the bill
was concluded and before the amendment was
read. I was going to say that the bill, as it
was read, would confer on the President the
power to issue letters of marque and reprisal;
but the Senate committee seem to have
Stricken that out.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As it is now
clear that the bill to which I referred in the
early part of the day, Senate bill No. 1550,
will not be reached to-day, and as I am
anxious to have it passed in order that it may
receive the action of the House of Represent-
atives, I ask that it be taken up out of its
order.
Mr. COLE. I must object to that.
Mr. SPENCER. We are nearly through
the Calendar now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If there is
objection, 1 withdraw the request.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
bill regularly on the Calendar will be read.
GUtJTLI VEREIN ASSOCIATION.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1464) to amend the charter of the
Gr'dtli Verein Association. It proposes to
authorize the Griitli Verein Association of
Washington, District of Columbia, to issue
buildiug stock to an amount not exceeding
$50,000, to be divided into shares of the par
value of fifty dollars each, payable in such
installments and under such conditions as shall
be determined by a building committee of five,
te be chosen from the stockholders, by a stock
vote, when $20,000 of the stock shall have
been subscribed, and thereafter annually.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
henry warren.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 987) to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to settle the account of Henry War-
ren, late depositary at Oregon<!ity, Oregon;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The Secretary of the Treasury is
directed by the bill to credit Henry Warren, late
United States depositary at Oregon City, Ore-
gon, with $2,000, in settlement of his account
tor money paid HoraceC. Gilsen, secretary of
Idaho Territory, on the 28th of February, 1866.
The Committee on Finance reported an
amendment to the bill, to add the words, "and
that the said sum be charged against ssid
Gilsen."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
VIENNA EXPOSITION.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator to with-
draw that motion for a single moment.
Several Senators. Let us go on with the
Calendar.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want the Senator to with-
draw his motion, to enable us to take care of
a matter from the House on the table con-
nected with a trouble which grew out of a
mistake in a message.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to take
up the message which has been sent from the
House in relation to the Vienna exposition
joint resolution. There was a mistake in the
action of the Senate and the House in relation
to one item which I will explain.
Mr. SPENCER. I object to any business
except proceeding with the Calendar. We shall
get through with it in ten minutes.
Mr. HAMLIN. You will not get through
with it in two days. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of this joint resolu-
tion. It is a matter hanging between the two
branches. We thought we had fixed it yes-
terday ; we meanUto do so : but there was an
error.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the message from the
House of Representatives in relation to the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 170)toenable the
people of the United States to participate in
the advantages of the international exposition
to be held at Vienna in 1878.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mes-
sage from the House will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives this day
received from the House:
Jiesolved, That the message of the House to the
Senate of 23d January, 1873, acquainting the Senate
with the action of the House on the amendments of
the Senate to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) in
relation to the Vienna exposition, be corrected so
that it will read as follows:
Resolved, That the House concur in the second,
fourth, and fifth amendments ot the Senate to the
joint resolution of the House (H. R. No. 170) to
enable the people of the United States to participate
in the Advantages of the international exposition
to be held at Vienna in 1873, and non-concur in the
third amendment of the Senate to said joint reso-
lution.
That the House concur in the first amendment of
the Senate to said joint resolution with the follow-
ing amendment: strike out the word " three " as
proposed to be inseited by the Senate, and in lieu
thereof insert the word " two."
Mr. HAMLIN. That message non-concurs
in the t'drd amendment. What was that
amendment? As the bill came to us from the
House it provided that the artisans and the
scientific men should have $1,000. The
Senate amended it by making it $2,000. The
House disagreed to that, and we intended to
recede and concur with the House and fix it
at $1,000; and if we agree to the motion
which I hold in my hand the Senate will then
recede from its disagreeing vote with the
House and _place the compensation of those
parties at $1,000 instead of $2,000, and will
also adopt the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.J
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator having under consideration the message
from the House of Representatives just read,
the Senator from Maine offers a resolution
which will be read.
The resolution was read as follows :
licsohed, That the Senate recede from its third
amendment to the said resolution.
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the first amendment of
the Senate to the said resolution with an amend-
ment, namely, after the word "competition' at the
end of the first section insert "And provided. That
not more than $50,000 shall be expended for salaries
ana expenses of all persons receiving appointments
thon^ «(?nmU,,i?0iiIue^dln.tMs resolution, and not more
than -*0,000 shall be paid for salary and expenses to
any one person."
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and fifty-six minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 11, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, reported a bill (H.
R. No. 3921) making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1874, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, ordered to be
printed, and made the special order for to-
morrow morning after the morning hour, and
from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. RANDALL. It is understood that all
points of order are reserved on that bill.
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
PUNSION BUREAU.
Mr. BEATTY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resohed, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be, and are hereby, directed tu inquire into the condi-
tion of the building known astheSeaton House, now
occupied by the Pension Bureau, and to report to
this House whether the archives of said bureau are
secure from fire, and if not, the effect their destruc-
tion would have on those drawing pensions as well
as those whoso claims for pensions areonliieand
unadjusted; and also as to whether accommodations
oannot be provided for said bureau in that portion
of the Interior Department building now known as
the model-room of tho Patent Ofiice.
RIVER AND HARBOR APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr SAWYER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported a bill
(El. R. No. 3922) making appropriations for
the repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public works on rivers and harbors,
and for other purposes : which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, ordered
to be printed, and made the special order for
Monday next, and from da> to day until dis-
posed of.
Mr. HIBBARD. I reserve all points of
order on that bill.
TICE METERS.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee of Ways and Means, to whom was
referred the memorial of J. W. Gaff, president
of the Distillers' Manufacturing Company,for
said company and for others ; also, House bill
No. 1256, for the payment to distillers of the cost
of the Tice meters purchased by them under
the orders of the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, sub-
mitted a report thereon in writing ; which was
ordered to be printed and recommitted to the
same committee.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I present also
the report of the minority on the same ques-
tion, and move that it be priuted and recom-
mitted.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana whether he proposes to
have this matter considered by the House?
Mr. KERR. I have no proposition to make
on that subject now. We merely wish to have
the reports printed.
