1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
postage of one cent for each two ounces or
lraction of an ounce."
Mr. RAMSEY. That is to make the pro-
vision of the bill agree with the general pro-
visions in regard to the postage on third-
class matter.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the bill
the following proviso:
Provided, That all mail matter of the third class
must be prepaid ia full in postage stamps at the
ufliee of m&iliug.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is that?
Mr. STEWART. What is the third class?
Mr. RAMSEY. It is the great miscellane-
ous matter other than newspapers and letters.
The first class is letters, the second regular
newspapers, the third is what express business
is usually done through the post office.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does that change the
present law ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Under the old law previous
to the code we required the full prepayment
of postage upon this third-class matter. Let-
ters would pass with one rate paid, the balance
to be paid at the end of the service. Now,
under a construction of the code, parties claim
to pass all this miscellaneous matter by the
payment of one rate, two cents, for instance,
to the ounce, allowing these large packages,
now increased to four pounds, to go to San
Francisco, where the party may refuse to take
them after the Government has done this great
service, compelling it to return them again,
thus defeating the object of the Government
in securing payment for the heaviest service
in the Post Office Department. This proviso
simply restores the law to what it was previous
to the enactment of the code, requiring the
prepayment, of postage on all this micellaneons
matter. The whole class is limited to twelve
ounces ; but by this bill, seeds, cuttings, and
bulbs are allowed to pass to the extent of four
pounds, but we exact prepayment of the whole.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
It was ordered that the amendments be en-
grossed and the bill read the third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended so as to read : "A
bill to amend the one hundred and thirty-third
section of an act approved June 8, 1872, enti-
tled 'An act to revise, consolidate, and amend
the statutes relating to the Post Office Depart-
ment.' "
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Committee on
Appropriations, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2990) making appropriations for
the payment of invalid and other pensions for
the year ending June 30, 1874, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment. I
will state to the Senate that the bill contains
no new appropriation. It is merely for the
payment of the ordinary pensions provided by
law \ and if there is no objection I ask that it
be now considered and pat on its passage.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed,
ABSENCE or THE VICE PRESIDENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to State to the Senate that in order that
the Senate may have an opportunity to elect
a President pro tempore, to serve as usual
during the recess, this chair will not be occu-
pied at the opening of the session to-morrow
morning.
GOAT ISLAND.
Mr- STEWART. I desire- to call up the
bill (H. R. No. 1553) relating to the Central
Pacific Railroad Company, for the purpose
of reference. It is a bill that passed the
House of Representatives at the last session
and was read in the Senate the first and sec-
ond times on the 26th of April. Objection
was made to its reference at that time. Cer-
tainly it is a matter of some importance and
the bill is entitled to go to some committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require
unanimous consent to consider it at the pres-
ent time, as several Senators are on the floor
with bills to introduce, which is the next order
of business.
Mr. STEWART. I do not propose to dis-
cuss the question of reference, but simply to
have the bill referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nevada asks to have the bill which he has in-
dicated taken from the Calendar for the pur-
pose of reference.
Mr. COLE. I hope we shall not do that
this morning. I should like to make some re-
marks on the question of reference. Of course,
I shall not oppose the reference of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are two
motions to refer this bill pending: first, to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, made by
the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] and,
second, the rtiotion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Cole] to refer it to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. STEWART. I do not care about dis ■
cussing the reference. I do not care where it
goes, if it is Only referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there unan-
imous consent to the reference of the bill to
either committee now?
Mr. COLE. I would rather that it should
not be referred now, because a report on the
subject has not yet come in, but I hope will be
received very soon.
Mr. STEWART. Then 1 give notice that
I shall call the bill'up as soon as I am in order
in doing so.
battles of the rebellion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I gave notice the day
before yesterday, that I should ask the Senate
to take up either yesterday morning or this
morning the House joint resolution No. 169,
expressing the sentiment of Congress in re-
gard to the removal of the names of battles of
• the rebellion from the Army Register and
regimental colors ; but the honorable Senator
rrom Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] I under-
stand is too ill to express his sentiments upon
that resolution, which involves the same ques-
tion as a bill introduced by him, and he being
so, although I feel very much indisposed to
have a matter of that kind to lie over, I
thought it was due to him and to myself to
say that I do not now press the motion for
that reason ; hut immediately after the holi-
days, unless the Senate shall choose of its own
accord to take it up otherwise, I shall ask
to have it taken up and disposed of.
bills introduced.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1277) to provide payment for certain ord-
nance and certain armed transports made for
the War Department; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. VICKERS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1278) for the relief of J. L. Henry; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1279) to fix the compensation of the dep-
uty collector of customs at St. Paul; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the bill, together
with the accompanying letter from the Treas-
ury Department, be referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1280) granting a pension to Mrs. Maria
Witt; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, asked, and by
unanimous cousent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1281) explanatory of the
act approved July 8,1870, entitled "An act to
revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to patents and copyrightswhich
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1282) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to negotiate with the
chiefs and head-men of the Crow tribe of
Indians for the surrender of their reservation
in the Territory of Montana; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
* Mr. BUCKINGHAM asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1283) for the relief of the State of
Connecticut, and other States; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1284) to amend an act entitled "An act
to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 14, 1870; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. ANTHONY. This bill, to which I
beg to call the attention of the Committee on
Finance, is in the same direction as one which
I offered the other day, intended to simplify the
law which allows goods to be imported at one
port and to be appraised and the duties paid
at another. There are numerous inconven-
iences and vexations either in the law or in
the regulations, which deprive that law of half
its value. For instance, the evil which this
bill is intended to correct is that the importer
is obliged to give bond that other persons, who
are officers of the Government and in whose
selection he has no control, shall perform their
duty. I move the reference of the bill to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1285) granting to the Wasatch and Jor-
dan Valley Railroad Company a right of way
through the public lands for the construction
of a railroad and telegraph ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1286) for tie improvement of the Yamhill
river, Oregon ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No.
1287) to amend an act granting the right of
way to the Walla-Walla and Columbia River
Railroad Company, and for other purposes, ap-
proved March 3, 1869; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1288) for the relief of Maria Frederick;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1289) for the relief of Jacob Weaver; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 1290) to repeal an act entitled "An act
