294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
for the relief of certain Indians in the central
superintendent," approved June 10, 1872,
and to settle bv commission all rights and
equities respecting the property to which said j
act refers ; which was read twice by its title, !
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, j
and ordered to be printed.
the farragut statue.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution without previous
notice, and ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 9) ex-
tending the time for the presentation and selec-
tion of models of a colossal statue of the late
Admiral Farragut.
The joint resolution was read three times,
and passed. It provides that the time for the
presentation of models for a colossal statue
of the late Admiral Farragut and the time of
the selection therefrom by the Committees on
Public Grounds of the Senate and House of'
Representatives be extended for thirty days
beyond the time now fixed by the joint reso-
lution of April 16, 1872.
judges in idaho.
Mr. NYE. I ask consent to call up, because
there is an existing necessity for its passage,
a bill reported by the Committee on Terri-
tories at the last session. It is House bill No.
'279, to repeal section one of an act to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Idaho, ap-
proved March 3, 1863," approved March 2,
1867.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada asks unanimous consent to call
up a bill, which will be read for information.
The bill was read. It proposes to repeal
section one of an act to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide a temporary government
for the Territory of Idaho, approved March
3, 1863," approved March 2, 1867, and to re-
vive and reenact section fifteen of the act
approved March 3, 1863.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is that act?
Mr. NYE. This bill does not add to or
detract anything from the act, except that it
changes the power of assigning the judges.
Like the other Territories that I have known
anything about, the Legislature of Idaho origin-
ally had power to assign the judges at their first
meeting. They exercised that power and got
into trouble about it, and then the judges got
the law altered so as to assign themselves.
They now ask that the Legislature have power
to reassign them. That is all there is of it.
That is the length and breadth of the whole
measure.
Mr. CORBETT. I have been spoken to
about the bill. I believe there is a difference
of opinion there. There is some objection I
believe on the part of the people there to a
change of this law. Some want it and some
are opposed to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon objects, and it requires unani-
mous consent to take up the bill, as the call is
now resting at bills and the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Hill] is claiming the floor.
Mr. NYE. I want to appeal to the honor-
able Senator to withdraw his objection. The
Legislature of Idaho are now in session and
before the holidays are over they will be ready
to adjoarn, and if this bill is going to pass at
all it ought to pass now, so as to give time to
inform them of this additional duty which is
to be imposed upon them.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President 
Mr. CORBETT rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Georgia yield to the Senator from
Oregon ?
Mr. HILL. For what purpose ?
Mr. CORBETT. To reply to the Senator
from Nevada.
Mr. HILL. Certainly.
Mr. CORBETT. This law was changed but
a few years ago. There was great objection,
for some reason, I cannot tell exactly now
what it was. to the assignment of the judges
to their districts made by the Legislature,
and thev desired the change to be made so
that the judges could agree among themselves
' to take their districts. I think it was to
accommodate them, and for the purpose of
preventing the Legislature from doing some
injustice to the judges, that the original law
was changed.
TheVICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
suggest that this bill cannot be objected to and
debated also. If the Senator objects, it must
go over.
Mr. CORBETT. I prefer that it should go
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
over. The Senator from Georgia is claiming
the floor.
removal of disabilities. j
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I call the atten-
tion of the Senate to House bill No. 1326, to
remove the disabilities of certain persons
therein named, that was up here ou the last
night of the session in the summer. It is to
remove the disabilities of certain persons, some
of whom live in the State of Georgia and the
rest in other southern States. The peculiarity
of my own position, I will say to the Senate,
induces me to ask as a favor at their hands that
they will allow this bill to be put on its passage ;
, and whatever its fate may be, I shall be satis-
|! fied that I have done all that I could do for
those personal friends of mine who are insist-
I j ing on this relief.
I will further add that the seat in this body
which I have the honor now to hold will
; become vacant at the termination of this ses-
II sion. Our Legislature in Georgia will assem-
| ble early in January, and it will be the duty
| of that Legislature to select a successor to
' myself. I do not think that I do injustice to
i! a few of the gentlemen whose names are in
this bill when I say that they are aspirants for
the succession to myself. I think it rather
graceful on my part, to insist that the field
should be wide open for as many contestants
as choose to enter, and I ask as a special
favor of the Senate, unless there be some in-
superable objection, that everybody be allowed
to go before that Legislature who may choose,
unembarrassed, to take their chances for the suc-
cession. After " the slaughter of innocents"
that will take place on that occasion, I desire
that none of them, or their apparitions, shall
rise in the future, to rebuke me for any illiber-
ality that may be practiced, or supposed to
have been practiced toward them, by this body.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am willing they should
rebuke me, and I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. 'Hie Senator
from Vermont objects, and the bill cannot be
considered at this time.
S. D. COCHRAN.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask unani-
mous consent to call tip the bill (H. R. No.
2900) for the relief of S. D. Cochran.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole^ proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It appropriates $2,000 in favor
of Silas D. Cochran, for services in the exec-
utive office, as acting secretary and executive
clerk, of the Territory of Idaho.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is there a written report
in that case ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a report.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The report is
made by the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr.
wlndom.]
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. WiNDOla on the 8th of June
last:
The Committee on Claims, to wKom was referred
House bill, No. 2900, having had the same under con-
sideration, respectfully report:
That Silas D. Cochran was, on the 5th day of
December A. D. 1863, appointed by the acting Gov-
ernor of Idaho Territory to the office of private sec-
retary of said Territory: and that he performed the
duties of said office from the date ofhissaid appoiut-
ment ubtil the 1th day of March, 1865, (a period
of fourteen months and twenty-nine day s,) for which
service he has received no compensation, because
his assumption of the office of secretary was not
authorized by any law of the United States. No
secretary for said Torritory having been appointed
during said period, and the claimant having per-
! formed said duties, he should, ia the opinion of the
committee, be compensated therefor, and the com-
mittee therefore report baok said bill and recom-
mend its passage.
i The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
! the third time, and passed. <
j theodore adams
! Mr. SCOTT. I gave notice of my intention
| to move to take up the bill for the relief of
Theodore Adams. Since then the Senator
from Vermont has requested time to examine
the report. If he has not had time yet I will
not press the motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope my friend will
let it go over until to-morrow. I have the
report, but have not had lime to look at it.
Mr. SCOTT. Then I will not press the
motion now, as I wish the Senator from Ver-
mont to be satisfied.
kxchangk olf bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a bill in regard
to the exchange of registered bonds for coupon
bonds that I have called up once or twice.
The Secretary of the Treasury very much
desires the action of the Senate upon it, and
would like to have it before the holidays. I
hope it will be taken up.
Mr. WINDOM. Consent is asked for it in
the morning hour ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is. At one
o'clock the Chair will call up the French spoli-
ation bill.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 3130) authorizing
the exchange of registered bonds for coupon
bonds.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Finance was in line five, after the word
" bonds," to insert " in other respects of the
same class and description," and after the
word "thereof," in line seven, to insert the
word "and;" so as to make the bill read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized to issue coupon bonds in ex-
change for registered bonds, in other respects of the
same class and description, provided that the ex-
pense of the issue of such bonds shall be paid by the
owner thereof, and under such regulations as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. There were some words
which I proposed to insert, but I shall not
press that amendment at this time ; but I see
no objection now to the amendment which I
send to the desk, which was printed by order
of the Senate when the bill was first called up
by the Senator from Ohio. I ask the Clerk to
read it.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, as follows:
Provided, That the existing public debt shall not
thereby be increased, nor the rate of interest ad-
vanced on the bonds so exchanged.
Mr. SHERMAN. I see no objection to that
amendment, except that I do not think the
contingency will occur. Still if tfae Senator
from Delaware thinks it might prevent the
possible ocoerrence of such a contingency, I
have no objection. The use of the words " of
the same tenor and description would pre-
vent the bonds being issued at a different rate
of interest, and of a different amount; but if
the Senator thinks this proviso is safer, I have
no objection to it.
Mr. BAYARD. I prefer that the amend-
ment should be adopted.
The VICE PRtJSlDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Del-
aware.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont.
As I wag
