12,58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
RIVER AND IIARBOIt APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say,
on behalf of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, in regard to the bill introduced from
the Committee on Commerce, that in view of
the late stage of the session the Committee on
Appropriations are not willing to endanger
the passage of any bill appropriating money
for the public service by raising a contest in
regard to the proper course that bill should
take. In consenting that the bill reported by
the Committee on Commerce shall be made a
special order for next Monday, the sundry
civil bill having been put ahead of it, we do
not agree that this is the course which this bill
should take. But we have consented to this
course on this occasion, without prejudice to
the future action of Congress.'
Mr. CONGEE. I would rather have the
sense of the House taken on the question now.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to ask a parliament-
ary question. I desire to know if the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Sawyer] who in-
troduced the river and harbor bill holds the
floor, and whether, after unanimous consent
has been given to the introduction of several
bills, which gentlemen are on the floor to pre-
sent, there will be an opportunity of saying
anything in reference to the matter of refer-
ring that bill?
I he SPE AICER. The river and harbor bill
has been referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and made a
special order for Monday next.
Mr. LYNCH. I understood that the bill
was put in this position by the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations; thatithas been
reported by the permission of that committee.
The SPKAK&lt, The Chair does not see
the point which the gentleman from Maine is
seeking to make. The gentleman from Wis-
consin reported the bill from the Committee
on Commerce, and it was referred to the Com-
mittee of tho Whole on the state of the Union,
and made a special order on his motion.
Mr. LYNCH. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations made a statement to
the House, and, the same question having
been up before, I wish an opportunity of say-
ing something in reference to the bill being
reported by the permission of the Committee
on Appropriations, as the chairman of that
committee now puts it.
Mr. RANDALL. I understood that the
Committee on Appropriations had waived their
objection.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We have done so
for the sake of peace. But if tho gentleman
from Maine wants to make a debate over the
question now, we are readyfor such a debate.
Mr. ST EV EN SON. 1 call the regular order.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Bordett] has been recognized by
the Chair, to report a bill from the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
CIUSEK INDIAN RESERVATIONS.
Mr. BURDETT. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, for present consideration, a bill to
authorize the President of the United States
to negotiate with the Creek Indians for the
cession of a portion of their reservation occu-
pied by friendly Indians.
TheSPEAKER. The bill will be read ; after
which objections, if any, will be in order.
The bill was read. _ In the preamble it sets
forth that by the third article of the treaty
concluded with the Creek Indians, June 14,
1806, said Indians ceded to the United States,
for the settlement of friendly Indians and
freedmen, the west half of their entire domain,
to be divided by a line running north and
south; that the recent survey of said line,
made iu conformity with the provisions of said
treaty, includes within tbe limits of the Creek
reservation, east of said line, some of the im-
provements made on a reservation selected on
what was supposed to be the Creek ceded
lands, for the Seminole tribe of Indians, which
reservation is provided for in their treaty of
March 1, 1866, and also some of the improve-
ments of the Sac and Fox of the Mississippi
tribe of Indians, made on a reservation in-
tended to be established in accordance with
the provisions of their treaty of February 18,
1867; that said improvements have been made
upon said lands by and for the aforesaid In-
dians, who have settled thereupon in good
faith, in accordance with treaty stipulations;
and that it is necessary, in order to secure
these improvements to said Indians, and to in-
sure them suitable reservations, that the lands
occupied thereby should be granted to them.
The bill therefore proposes to authorize
the President of the United States to negotiate
with the aforesaid Creek Indians for the re-
linquishment to the said Seminole, and the
Sao and Fox of the Mississippi tribes of In-
dians, respectively, of such portions of their
country as may have been set apart, in accord-
ance with treaty stipulations, for the use of
the last named tribes found to be east of the
line separating the Creek ceded lands from
the Creek reservation, and also to negotiate
and arrange with said tribes for a final and
permanent adjustment of their reservations ;
and the President shall report the result of his
negotiations to Congress for confirmation or
rejection.
Mr. PLATT. I object to the consideration
of the bill at the present time.
The SPEAKER. That is all that is asked.
Mr. SHANKS. This bill has the sanction
of the entire committee, and I hope the objec-
tion will be withdrawn.
Mr. PLATT. 1 withdraw the objection.
The bill (11. R. No. 3923) was read a first
and second time, was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BURDETT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CELEBRATION OF THE 22D OF FEBRUARY
The SPEAKER. Some days ago a resolu-
tion was passed, on motion of the Delegate
from this District, with reference to theappoint-
mcnt of a committee of thirteen to arrange
for the celebration of the 22d of February in
this Hall. The Chair will appoiut thatgentle-
tuan chairman of the committee if there be
no objection ; otherwise he would not feel at
liberty to do so. The Chair hears no objection,
and announces the following as the committee.
The Clerk read as follows: Mr. Ciiipman of
the District of Columbia, Mr. Maynard of
Tennessee, Mr. Banks of Massachusetts, Mr.
Burdett of Missouri, Mr. Kelloiw; of Connec-
ticut, Mr. Archer of Maryland, Mr. Cobb of
North Carolina, Mr. Voorhees of Indiana,
Mr. Monroe of Ohio, Mr. Hill of New Jersey,
Mr. Eldukdgk of Wisconsin, Mr. Sessions of
New York, and Mr. Critcher of Virginia.
POST OFFICE PROPERTY IN CHICAGO.
Mr. FARWELL. I ask unamimous consent
to put upon its passage a bill to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to dispose of the old
post office property in Chicago.
The bill was read for information.
Mr. BIRD. I object to the present consid-
eration of that bill.
VIENNA EXPOSITION.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Clerk be directed to request
the return from the Senate of joint resolution (H.
It. No.170) in relation to the Vienna exposition.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness this morning is the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 107) for the relief of the heirs or
legal representatives of George C. Bestor..
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House that I maybe permitted
to make a personal explanation in answer' to
the very gross, bitter, and malignant attacks
made on me and my action in this House by
the press of this District; attacks which are
not only circulated in the ordinary way through
the press, but are laid on the desk of every
member of the House, tending seriously to
impair my influence in the House.
Mr. PLATT. I have no objection to the
gentleman beingheard, but I have neverunder-
stood that a reply to a newspaper attack was a
privileged question or a (juestion of privilege.
The SPEAKER. It is not a question of
privilege.
Mr. PLATT. I do not mean to be ungra-
cious, and I shall not object to the gentleman
making his personal explanation at the close
of the morning hour.
Mr. DICKEY. I mean at the close of the
morning hour to move to go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
Army appropriation bill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The gentleman
from the District of Columbia made a request
similar to that of the gentleman from New
York the other day and it was denied him. I
must object until he is present.
HEIRS OF GEORGE C. BESTOR.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes as
the regular order of business the bill reported
from the Committee on Naval Affairs (S. No.
107) for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of George C. Bestor, and the
question is upon the third reading of the bill.
This bill was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, with leave to report it at any
time. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Platt] reported it on Saturday, but at half
past one o'clock the Committee of Claims had
the floor to the exclusion of all other orders,
and the bill now comes over as unfinished busi-
ness and is entitled to precedence.
The bill was read. It appropriates to the
heirs or legal representatives of George C
Bestor $125,000, in full satisfaction of all
his claim for compensation for extra work
done, delays and damages, and expenses
caused by such delays on the part of the
Navy Department in the completion of his
contract of 24th of June, 1863, for the con-
struction of an iron-clad steam battery.
Mr. PLATT. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to a
third reading; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. PLATT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
able.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WYOMING AND MONTANA RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins at fifteen minutes before one o'clock,
and the House now resumes the considera-
tion of House bill No. 3360, to authorize the
building of the Wyoming and Montana rail-
way, reported from the Committee on Railways
and Canals.
Mr. PACKER. I am instructed by the
committee to move to amend the bill by add-
ing that which"! send to the Clerk's desk to
be read.
The Clerk read the amendments, as follows :
Add to seot.ion two of the bill:
Provided, That where such railroad shall pass
through a mountain eanon or till a pass, the righ t of
way through the same shall not be exclusive, but
any other road shall have the right to  ass through
the same, bat not in such manner as to impair the
track or obstruct the operations of the road first
constructed.
Add to the bill the following sections:
Sec. —. That the capital stock of said company
shall consist of one hundred thousand shares, of
$100 each, which shall in all respects be deemed
personal property, and shall be transferable in
