1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
unable to concur in the committee as to the
merits of this bill, I desire very briefly to give
the reasons why.
In the first place, it gives an advantage to all
the holders of registered bonds to the amount
of from one fourth to one half of one per
cent. It at once increases the value of their
property to that extent. Any one by looking
at the reports of sales of bonds ou any day
will see that there is a difference between the
value of coupon and registered bonds. I do
not think it. right that we shall so legislate as
either to put money in or take it out of the
pockets of the people of the country. It may
be contended that a portion will be distributed,
that the coupon bonds will be lessened in value
a part of this sum, and that a part of it will
therefore fall upon them, and the gain to be
derived from the legislation now sought will not
wholly accrue to the parties owning the regis-
tered bonds.
In the next place, I deem it unsafe to put this
whole matter into the hands of the Register
of the Treasury, an officer who gives no bond
for the performance of his duties. He is to
be the custodian, as a matter of course, and
these bonds must be printed in large num-
bers, for no one can pretend to say that if this
privilege is granted the Treasury will not im-
mediately have applications from a large num-
ber of persons to obtain exchanges. Now, if
these bonds are printed and kept on hand,
they mast be so kept at the risk of the United
States. This is an additional risk that I think
we ought not to assume.
I am in favor of exchanging coupon bonds
into registered bonds, but opposed to chang-
ing registered bonds into coupon bonds. I
think, notwithstanding the opinion of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and of a majority of
the Committee on Finance, that it is a ques-
tion of some doubt whether the bill ought to
pass ; and without consuming any further time
in the discussion of the subject 
Mr. BAYARD. May 1 ask the Senator
from Vermont a question?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand his objection
to the bill to be that both the registered bonds
and the coupon bonds in the course of ex-
change will be at the same time in the custody
of an officer who has not given proper security.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. BAYARD. If the exchange is to be
of a registered bond for a coupon bond or of
a coupon bond for a registered bond, what
difference is there if at one time both bonds
are in the bands of the same officer ? Where
is the increased risk?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It makes a
considerable difference, because there are only
a small number comparatively of one kind of
bonds, and the amount of business that will
be done under existing circumstances would
be far less than it would be if we allow them
to be interchanged at the will of the holders.
Mr. SHERMAN. The two objections made
by the Senator from Vermont were examined
very carefully by the Committee on Finance,
as also by the Committee of Ways and Means,
and we became entirely satisfied that they did
not rest upon a sonnd foundation.
In regard to the last proposition, there is no
increase of risk, because under the present law
this exchange may be made in many cases,
and the Treasury is bound to keep both regis-
tered and coupon bonds, and the Secretary of
the Treasury explained the guards under which
they were kept. As he intends and as I believe,
this will tend to prevent the difference in value 1
between registered and coupon bonds and pre-
vent the exchange of one for the other, because
if you give a right that may be always obtained |
that right will not be enforced, and the Secre- !
tary of the Treasury was of the opinion, and
80 am I, and so were the other members who :
listened to the discussion, that the exchanges j
would occur less frequently when the right to j
convert one into the other was given by law, [
because there would be no object to convert
except in the case of a necessity of transporting
bonds abroad or bringing them from abroad
back here to be used by the banks as the
foundation of their circulation.
Now, "in regard to the first point made by
the Senator, it is true that the effect of this
law would tend to dissipate the difference in
the present market value between registered
and coupon bonds; but is not that right?
Ought not all our legislation tend to raise and
increase the value of the public securities ?
The reason why the registered bonds are now
less valuable than couDon bonds, is simply
because the registered bonds cannot be con-
verted into coupon bonds; but the coupon
bonds can be converted into registered bonds,
and this advantage that is given to one class
of securities over the other makes the regis-
tered bond a little less valuable in the market.
The effect of giving the registered bond the
right to be converted into a coupon bond will
be to induce persons to take and hold regis-
tered bonds; but now nobody will buy regis-
tered bonds by the surrender of coupon bonds,
simply because he then buys that which in the
market is less valuable. But if they are both
put upon the same footing, so that one can
be converted readily into the other, there will
be no difference in the market value; the
registered bonds will be taken by our own
people to hold them as an investment as a
preferable security.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio will suspend. The morning hour has
expired, and the French spoliation bill is
before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hppe we shall have a
vote on this bill, because I do not wish to call
it up again. I will say nothing further about it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A single word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] has charge of
the bill, which is regularly before the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Only a min-
ute.
Mr. CAMERON. I have no objection to
the bill 
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us pass over the
French spoliation bill informally for a mo-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular
order will be passed over informally, subject
to be called up by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania or any other Senator; and House bill
No. 3130 continued before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely
11 desire to say that, when this question was dis-
| j cussed some four or five years ago, the senti-
; i ment of the committees of the two Houses
)| was adverse to the bill, most decidedly so. In
11 relation to the point suggested by the chairman
of the Committee on Finance that there will
i j be a difference in the value of these bonds,
j[ there is no question but that this will change
the value, but any person in this country who
desires to retain the bonds as an investment
will as a matter of course take the registered
bonds, because the same amount of interest is
paid upon one as upon the other; but a party
who desires to ship the bonds and sell them
abroad will want coupon bonds. That is an-
other argument with me for resisting this
measure. I do not want to facilitate the trans-
fer of any more of our bonds to Europe than
I can possibly help. I prefer that they shall
be in such a condition that our own people
may retain them. I do not desire to give
additional facilities for the shipment of more
of our bonds abroad.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make an in-
quiry of the chairman of the committee if he
can answer it; and that is, whether any of our
registered bonds, and if any, whether any con-
siderable amount of them, are held abroad?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, not to any consid-
erable amount. There may be a few; but
registered bonds could not be conveniently
held abroad, because they are transferable
here only on the books of the Treasury, and
they arc therefore held by our own citizens.
Mr. THURMAN. For the reason, then,
last stated by the Senator from Vermont, I
feel bound to vote against this bill. I have
believed from tl.a first that it would be better,
simply in an economical point of view, that
this Government paid even seven per cent,
upon its bonded debt, if that debt were all
held at home, than to pay five per cent, or
four per cent, if it were held abroad. The
evils of a continual drain of interest from a
country are like the evils of absenteeism under
which Ireland suffered so long. These people
having purchased the registered bonds know-
ing well what they were purchasing, I cannot
vote to do anything that will facilitate the
transmission of that debt to a foreign country.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before my colleague
leaves that point, let me answer him in this
way: nobody will now purchase a registered
bond, although it is the interest and the pol-
icy of the Government of the United States to
encourage the purchase of registered bonds.
Having the right to take either, persons take
that which is most valuable in the market,
and the result is, that our farmers and people
throughout the country hold the coupon
bonds simply because they are a little more
valuable in the market If they had the right
to take either, and if either was convertible
1 into the other, the registered bond would not
| fall below the morket value of the coupon
bond. The difference in price between the
I coupon bond and the registered bond does not
prevent any one who desires to send either
abroad from doing so, because he can by
losing a little sell his registered bond and get
a coupon bond and send it abroad. But why
should we compel the holders of registered
bonds to lose this little? It is not a matter in
which the Government are interested. The
Government have to pay the same rate of in-
terest. The coupon and the registered bonds
are alike the same burden on the Govern-
ment ; but, as'a matter of course, if the regis-
tered bond was of the same value as the cou-
pon bond people /would prefer to hold their
bonds in the form of registered bonds, because
there is less danger in holding them in that
form : and now the Secretary of the Treasury
is embarrassed by hundreds of applications
which grow out of the burning, destruction, or
mutilation of coupon bonds. That difficulty
would not occur if registered bonds were held,
and the effect of this bill, in the opinion of
the Secretary of the Treasury—and I concur
with him—would be to encourage the hold-
ing in this country of registered rather than
coupon bonds.
Mr. THURMAN. I really do not see how
it can be said that the holders of registered
bonds are to lose anything if we do not pass
this bill. They bought the registered bonds at
their market value. They gave nothing more
than the market value for them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said they would not
take any more of them. We are negotiating
bonds all the time and no one will take regis-
tered bonds from us, and the very object the
Senator desires to promote is defeated, because
who would be so foolish as to buy a registered
bond paying the same money for it as a coupon
bond when he knows that on account of this
discrimination in favor of the coupon bond
the registered bond will be less valuable to sell?
Mr. EDMUNDS. How many registered
bonds are held now?
Mr. SHERMAN. About$600,000,000. They
are held by the banks.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; are they not
as anxious to make money as anybody else ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that; but they
are required by the banking law to hold the
security for their circulation in registered
bonds for our safety ; and yet while you compel
them to do that, you take away a portion of
the value of those bonds. I have no doubt—
