296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Senators can reason upon it as well as I can—
that but for this discrimination against regis-
tered bonds, all the bonds of this country
held at home would be in the form of regis-
tered bonds with the trifling exception of those
held in New York which pass from hand to
hand in the daily transaction of business; all
of the bonds held by the country people
throughout the United States would be in the
form of registered bonds; but you cannot
get them to take them in the first instance when
they know that they are less valuable in the
market than the coupon bonds.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the chairman of
the Committee on Finance is a master of soph-
istry, certainly. He tells us that there are
fix hundred millions of registered bonds held
now, but that the banks hold them because
they are forced to do so. With less than
$400,000,000 of circulation which the banks
are obliged to hold them for, that would leave
a pretty heavy margin of $200,000,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. The banks hold $460,-
000,000, I think.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well; call it $460,-
000,000. Then one hundred and forty or one
hundred and fifty millions are held by the peo-
ple of the country still; and I think the Sen-
ator will find, if he goes into the rural districts
where the farmers invest their money to get
their interest, instead of being brokers to sell
or buy on the rise and fall of the market, that
they are in a very large degree coming to see
the advantage of holding registered bonds,
which are secure against defalcation and rob-
bery and every other loss, and they are com-
ing to do so. Now, then, what my colleague
has said is perfectly unanswerable, that this
bill really invites speculation to have trade go
up or go down ana a constant scene of ex-
pense, risk, and transfer in the Treasury to
begin with, and a constant tendency to send
our bonds abroad wherever there is an occa-
sion for it for the purpose of bearing or push-
ing up the market abroad or at home, as the
case may be. It appears to me, therefore,
that instead of encouraging home investments
by home people, you are by this bill merely
adding to the capabilities of Wall street to
make war on the Treasury itself.
Mr. CORBETT. The true reason for the
difference in price between the registered bond
and the coupon bond is that the coupon bond
can be sent abroad and has been sent abroad
to such an extent as to have become scarce in
the market. Registered bonds being more
plenty in the market now, it is desired, I
huppose, to exchange them for the coupon
bonds. They will then come into the market
and will have the same privilege of being sent
jibroad and being bought up as the other
coupon bonds have been. Of course, it is not
quite so con\enient for those who hold the
registered bonds to draw the interest upon
them from the fact that they have to go to the
Assistant Treasurer at New York to sign a
receipt for the interest. They can have it
designated in New York, or in San Francisco,
or Washington, either of those three places,
and there they have to sign a receipt. There-
fore the registered bond is not so valuable.
Mr. CONKLING. Cannot they do it by
correspondence ?
Mr. CORBETT. I think not. They may,
by power of attorney, draw the interest.
Mr. SHERMAN. The interest on the regis-
tered bond is seut to any one whose name
find residence are registered on the books of
the Treasury—sent through the country by
draft.
Mr. CORBETT. I think not. On the new
loan, that is so; but I do not thinkitis sounder
the old law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, it is.
Mr. CORBETT. It may be, but I was under
Ihe impression that it was not so. If this bill
is to pass, I should like to offer an amendment
that the coupon bonds shall be allowed to be
exchanged for registered bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the law now.
Mr. CORBETT. Is that so for all classes
of bonds, or only on the five-twenties and ten-
forties ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the discrimina-
tion complaine3 of, that under the law now a
coupon can be converted into a registered
bond, and not vice versa.
Mr. CORBETT. I know that is the general
complaint, but there is some class of coupon
bonds perhaps which cannot be turned into
registered bonds, and I should like to provide
for that, if the Senator has no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is already provided
for by law. Under the present law, any cou-
pon bond may be surrendered and a_ registered
bond of the same class and description issued,
but the converse of the proposition cannot be
done.
Mr. CORBETT. I was not positive that
that was so on every class of coupon bonds.
Is that so ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a general law.
Mr. CORBETT. If that is so, I shall not
propose an amendment. My objection to the
bill, however, is the same as that urged by the
Senator from Vermont, that it will encourage
the exportation of bonds abroad, and for that
reason I shall vote against it.
Mr. COLE. I think enough has been devel-
oped in this discussion to warrant the bill
going over until we can have a better under-
standing of its effect. There is much matter
for reflection in the statement made by the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. mobkiu^j which
has been corroborated, I believe, bjr his col-
league, and to my mind by the chairman of
the Committee on Finance himself, who at
least conceded that" there would be some addi-
tional value given to registered bonds by the
passage of this bill. For these reasons 1 think
we ought not to be hasty in the disposition of
the bill. I hope it may be allowed to go over
until the Senate can be better informed on the
subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. If you object it must go
over.
Mr. COLE. Then I demand the regular
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Air-
thont in the chair.) The Senator from Cali-
fornia calls for the regular order, which is the
French spoliation bill.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ments of the Senate to the following bills of the
House :
A bill (H. R. No. 847) for the relief of Tins-
ley, Van Horn & Co., Glenn, Overall & Clark,
and J. N. Henderson & Co., of Louisiana,
Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 1048) supplemental and
amendatory of an act entitled " An act to pre-
scribe the mode of obtaining evidence in cases
of contested elections," approved February
19, 1851;
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 3131) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30,1873, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 3183) to authorize the
examination of certain banks ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3255) declaring the true
meaning of a statute ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3256) to establish a post
road;
A bill (H. R. No. 3257) to provide for the
expenses of the commission to inquire into
depredations on the frontiers of the State of
TeTas * &od
A bill (H. R. No. 3259) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Ameri-
can. register to the English-built, wrecked
schooner N. J. Miller.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
An act (H. R. No. 847) for the relief of
Tinsley, Van Horn & Co., Glenn, Overall &
Clark, and J. N. Henderson & Co., of Louis-
iana, Missouri;
An act (H. R. No. 2994) for the reduction
of officers and expenses of the internal rev-
enue ;
An act (H. R. No. 2997) for the relief of
James C. Cooke;
An act (H. R. No. 3122) to authorize the
employment of keepers and crews of surfmen
for the life-saving stations on the coasts of
Cape Cod and Block Island, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 3124) to provide for the
removal of the sunken wreck which now
obstructs the channel-way off Sandy Hook;
and
An act (H. R. No. 3133) to enable Joseph
Fox to make application to the Commissioner
of Patents for the extension of letters-patent
for machine for making crackers.
deficiency bill.
On motion of Mr. COLE, the bill (H. R.
No. 8131) making appropriations to supply
I deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
| vices of the Government for the fiscal year
I ending June 30, 1878, and for other purposes,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
goat island.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have
unanimous consent to allow the bill (H. R.
No. 1553) relating to the Central Pacific rail-
road to be referred. I am willing that it should
be referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, as that appeared to be desired by the
delegation from California. I do not care
about having it referred, but I am certain it
has got to be referred somewhere.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The Senator from Nevada asks unan-
imous consent to take up the bill indicated by
him for the purpose of reference. Is there
objection?
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish the Senator would
state why upon the very verge of the recess
he makes this motion now?
Mr. STEWART. This bill came to the
Senate and was passed to a second reading on
the 26th day of April. I made an effort then
to have it referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad. That was objected to, and
the Senator from California nearest to me
[Mr. Cole] moved its reference to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. The parties inter-
ested in the bill think it a hardship that they
cannot have the bill considered. It has passed
the House, and it ought to go to some com-
mittee of the Senate for consideration. I do
not desire to occupy the time of the Senate in
discussing it, but I am willing that it shall go
to the Committee on Military Affairs if it can
go there at this time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the present consideration- of the
bill for that purpose?
Mr. CAMERON. I must object. I am
sorry to be compelled to do so.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think it will
occupy a moment. It can be referred by
unanimous consent.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was desirous to avoid
debate on this subject, and the Senator from
Nevada knows that when he rose this morn-
ing to make this motion we were actually
engaged in a friendly negotiation to bring
about some agreement as to the reference. I
do not make any serious point about the ques-
tion of reference. The Senator from Nevada
