1260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Packer]
asks unanimous consent that this extension
may be allowed to his committee ; of course
with the understanding that no bill shall go
over.
Mr. HIBBARD. I object.
Mr. PERCE. I must also object to that
arrangement. The Committee on Education
and Labor has a great deal of business which
it would like to dispose of; and if we give
way in this manner 
The SPEAKER. This arrangement does
not affect at all the rights of the Committee on
Education and Labor.
Mr. PERCE. Then I withdraw my objection.
Mr. HIBBARD. My objection is to allow-
ing the Committee on Railways and Canals to
go on. I do not object to the committee rep
resented by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] occupying to-morrow instead of
to-day.
Mr. DICKEY. If there is any difficulty
as to how the time shall be occupied, I will
move to go into Committee of the Whole to
consider the Army appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. Either one thing or the
other ought to be done to facilitate the busi-
ness of the House. As objection is made to
allowing the Committee on Railways and
Canals an extension of their time, the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post roads [Mr. Farnsworth] had better pro-
ceed by consent with his special order, which
will at any rate come up in twenty minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well; I shall
be glad to do so if there is no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman from Illinois may get through with this
bill very soon, so that we may be able to go
into Committee of the Whole.
_ The SPEAKER. There being no objec-
tion, the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
wouth,] who would have the right to the floor
at half past 0110 o'clock, assumes it now at ten
minutes past one.
ambndmhnt ok postal i,aws.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee
on the Post, Office and Post Roads, reported
back a bill (H. R. No. 8075) to further amend
the postal laws.
The bill was read. It provides in the first
section that on and after the 1st of July next,
on all mail matter which is wholly or partly in
writing, except book manuscripts and cor-
rected proof's passing between authors and pub-
lishers, and excepting also correspondence or
postal cards, on all printed matter which is
so marked as to convey any other or further
information than is conveyed by the original
print, ^ exccpt the correction of mere typo-
graphical errors; on all matter which is sent
in violation of law or the regulations of the
Department respecting inclosures, and on all
matter to which no specific rate of postage is
assigned, postage shall be charged at the rate
of two cents for each half ounce or fraction
thereof. And this provision shall include all
letters commonly known as drop or local let-
ters delivered through the post offices or their
carriers.
The second section provides that from and
after the 1st of January next, under such regu-
lations and in such manner as the Postmaster
Oeneral shall prescribe, the postage provided
by law to be paid upon printed matter, or
mailable matter of the second class," shall
111 all cases be prepaid and collected at the
oilices respectively where such matter shall be
mailed. But weekly newspapers within the
lespective counties where the same are actually
and wholly printed and published, none other
may pass through the mails free of postage, as
provided m the eighth clause of section on©
hundred and eighty-four of the act to revise,
consolidate, and amend the statutes relating to
the Post Office Department.
The third section provides that any person
who shall take any letter, postal card, or "packet
out of a post office or branch post office, or
from a letter or mail carrier, or which has
been in any post office or branch post office,
or in the custody of any letter or mail carrier,
before it shall have been delivered to the per-
son to whom it was directed, with a design to
obstruct the correspondence, or pry into the
business or secrets of another; or shall secrete,
embezzle, or destroy the same, shall, on con-
viction thereof, for every such offense, forfeit
and pay a penalty not exceeding $500, or be
imprisoned at hard labor not exceeding one
year, or both, at the discretion of the court.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to offer an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. On behalf of the
committee I move to amend the second sec
tion of the bill by striking out the words
"actually and wholly," and also the words
"none other;" so that the proviso will read,
as follows :
Provided, That weekly newspapers within the
respective counties where the same are printed and
published may pass through the mails free of post-
age, as provided in tho eighth clause of section one
hundred and eighty-four of the act to revise, con-
solidate, and amend the statutes relating to the Post-
Office Department.
Mr. CONGER. That is the amendment I
wished to offer.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I will
explain these sections seriatim. The first sec-
tion, it will be observed by the House, pro-
vides for the reduction of letter postage to two
cents the half ounce, the reduction to take
effect on the 1st of July .next. In other re-
spects that section is precisely the law as it
now exists. It simply reduces letter postage
from three cents to two cents. It also pro-
vides, however, that all drop letters shall pay
postage of two cents as well as other letters.
There is one class of drop letters which pay
postage of one cent only, to wit, drop letters
not delivered by carriers. They are very few.
It is supposed, as we have now provided by law
for postal cards at one cent each, they will
take the place of the one cent drop letters.
The object; is to make postage upon letters
uniform at two cents.
Now, a few words in reference to the policy
of this proposed reduction ; for the question is
frequently asked, can we afford to do this, and
what has been the effect of reduction of the
letter postage heretofore ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Without desiring
to interrupt the gentleman's argument, I should
like to ask him a question before he leaves this
first section. Book manuscript and corrected
proofs seem to be excepted from the operations
of this first section. Now I do not see where
they could go.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They are in the
second class. As the law now stands, it is
provided they shall pass through the mails at
a cheaper rate of postage.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to call
the attention of the gentleman from Illinois
to what seems to be a grievance on the part
of writers for magazines and newspapers. As
it is now under the law, when they send man-
uscript, the Post Office Department does not
call it manuscript at all, but charges them
with full letter postage. I see no reason why
magazine writers and newspaper writersshould
not have the same privilege of sending their
manuscript through the mails at a cheaper
rate of postage, just as the manuscript of
writers of books.
Mr. 1<ARNSWORTH. My attention has
been called to that, but I believe the commit*
tee has not considered or acted on the sub-
ject. My impression is that the Department
might construe the law as it now exists to
include manuscript sent to newspapers and
magazines as well as other manuscript. The
law is sufficiently broad for that purpose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does the gen-
tleman from Illinois see any objection to
amending this section by putting on after the
words "book manuscript" "newspaper and
magazine manuscript. ?"
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not see any
objection to that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It seems to me
if these words were inserted in this section it
would cure the evil now complained of.
Mr FARNSWORTH. 1 would rather not
amend the bill at this time. If they are now
excluded from the other clause, and we should
exclude them from this, the difficulty, it seems
to me, would be just the same. I prefer the
committees should examine the question before
taking any action.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question in reference to the amendment
made by him a few moments ago.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will go to that in
a moment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to know.whether
it includes newspapers printed with what are
called patent outsides ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. From 1816 to 1845-
these were the rates of letter postage for every
letter composed of a single sheet ot paper con-
veyed :
Not exceeding 30 miles e\ *"
Over 30 and not exceeding 80 miles .... ....... 10
Over80 and not exceeding 150 miles  125
Over 150 and not exceeding 400 miles  18i
O ver 400 miles  25
The act of March 3, 1845, the first making
any important reduction of rates of letter post-
age, established the following inland letter
rates of postage: "for every single letter in
manuscript, or paper of any kind, by and upon
which information shall be asked for or com-
municated in writing, or by marks or signs,"
conveyed in the mail:
For any distance under 300 miles  5
And for any distance over 300 miles  10
This was a very great reduction, more than
fifty per cent.
ToX Postal revenues for fiscal year ended June
30, 1845, the year immediately preceding the re-
ductions made by act of March 3, 1845, amounted
 -A--X ;   $4,439,841 80
Iho revenue for fiscal year 1840, the first
after adoption of the reduced rate,
amounted to  4,080,080 97
Showing a reduction of only  350,751 83
The revenues for the next five years, while
these reduced rates continued, were as fol-
lows : for the fiscal year—
$4? $4,013,447 14
IStS  4,161,077 85
KH  4,705,170 28
J°2?  5,499.986 66
1831   6,410,604 33
By the act of March 8, 1851, which went into
operation on the 1st of July, 1851, the five and
ten cent rates for inland letters, established by
the act of March 3, 1845, were reduced to three
cents prepaid and five cents unpaid for any
distance under three thousand miles, and double
said rates for distances over three thousand
miles, within the United States.
The revenue for the year 1852, the first after
the adoption of the reduced rates established
by the act of March 3, 1861, amounted to
?6,925,97i 28; being an increase of $515,366 95
oyer the previous year, showing that the pro-
visions of that act did not materially affect the
amount of revenue.
The revenues for each year from 1853 to
1855, inclusive, were as follows : for the fiscal
year—
 $5,940,724 70
  6.955,586 22
1855   7,352,136 13
By the act of March 3, 1855,'which took
effect April 1, 1855, prepayment was required '
at these rates: for any distance not exceed-
ing three thousand miles, three cents; for any
distance exceeding three thousand miles, ten
cents.
The revenue for the year 1856, the first after
the adoption of these reduced rates, amounted
to $7,620,821 &6, being an increase of
