1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
said awhile ago that he would be willing to
refer it to any committee. Does the Senator
adhere to that ground, or has he changed his
ground, and does he ask now to have it re-
ferred to the committee which he last named?
Mr. STEWART. At the last session I
moved to refer the bill to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Cole] moved to refer it to the
Committee on Military Affairs, that being the
appropriate committee in his estimation, as it
related to a military reservation. I now ac-
cede to that. I do not care about running it
over everywhere to every committee. I think
that is sufficient.
Mr. CASSERLY. That does not answer
my question. The Senator from Nevada, of
course, is not bound to answer it, but he vol-
untarily proffered a while ago a readiness to
refer this bill to any committee. Now, will
the Senator state whether he insists on nam-
ing the committee to which it is to go?
Mr. STEWART. I do not know that I in-
tended to be understood as being willing that
it should be referred to any committee, because
there might be committees organized for the
consideration of other matters that would have
no relation to this subject at all. I should sup-
pose that it belongs either to the Pacific Rail-
road Committee, or to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, as it relates to a military reserva-
tion, and that was the point made. I am
willing that it shall go to any appropriate
committee, and it seems to me if it does not
go to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
it certainly ought to go to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and I now accede to the
proposition made by the Senator from Califor-
nia [Mr. Cole] to refer it to the Committee
on Military Affairs ; and that is all I do.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs was differently constituted at the
last session from what it is now. I do not
mean to say that by way of offering any objec-
tion to the committee as at present constituted,
but it furnishes a reason why the Senator from
Nevada is not putting my colleague in the
same position by the offer which he now makes
as if he had accepted my colleague's sugges-
tion when he made it at the last session.
There are three committees, to any one of
which this bill might go with at least a meas-
ure of propriety. One of them is the Pacific
Railroad Committee; another is the Military
Committee; and the third is the Committee
on Public Lands. The Senator from Nevada
is the chairman of the Pacific Railroad Com-
mittee, and he is also a member of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. I am a member of
each of those committees. If the Senator
from Nevada withdraws the proffer which he
made, quite voluntarily upon his part, a while
ago, of course I cannot make any point against
him about that; but it seems to me that the
Committee on Public Lands would be fully as
proper and useful a committee to have this
reference as either of the other two.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the Senator
is he himself upon each of these three com-
mittees?
Mr. CASSERLY. No.
Mr. CONKLING. Is the Senator on the
Military Committee?
Mr. CASSERLY. No; I am not on the
Military Committee. My services are restrict-
ed to the civil committees of the Senate.
Mr. SFEWART. I should prefer that the
bill be referred to a committee of which I am
not a member, after all that has been said and
the difficulty of referring it, and the Military
Committee is that committee. I am a mem-
ber both of the Committee on Public Lands
and the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. CAMERON. It is very unpleasant to [
stop a Senator while he is on his feet 
_Mr. STEWART. There will be no further
discussion. I ask the Senator to wait for one
moment. Let the bill be referred. That is
all I ask. [
Mr. CAMERON. Very well, if it can be
referred without further discussion ; but lean-
not wait any longer. Twenty minutes have
already been taken up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator from California yields, the vote can be
taken without further discussion.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think if the Senator
from Nevada will permit the pending negotia-
tion to proceed as it was going on when he made
this motion this morning, we can agree about
something. This is a bill of very great import-
ance to the people of my State. It is of next to
no consequence to the people of the State of
the Senator from Nevada. Justly or unjustly,
the people of Sar  Francisco and of the State
of California have persuaded themselves that
the bill, if passed in its present shape, will be
of lasting and very great detriment to their
interests and to their future welfare. For
these reasons I desire to have this bill take
such a course as will give all sides of the con-
troversy a fair and full hearing. I do not wish
the Senate by any act of mine to exclude the
Senator from Nevada from being heard on the
bill or takiug counsel in reference to it in any
committee to which it may be referred. In
that view I suggested to the Senator a refer-
ence of the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands. I hoped after his offer this morning
to refer it to any committee that he would
have accepted that proposition. He is on that
committee, as I am. The only other commit-
tee to which this bill can be referred with any
measure of propriety is the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad. Of that committee the Sen-
ator is the chairman, and I am a member. I
should prefer, if compelled to choose, to have
the bill referred to the Railroad Committee
rather than to the Military Committee. There
is no oue on the Military Committee who can
be regarded aa specially identified with the
interests which the people of my State with
singular unanimity regard as assailed in the
most formidable manner by this bill as it now
stands. I trust that the Senator from Nevada
will be willing to confer with my colleague and
myself for the purpose of arriving at some
understanding which will withdraw this some-
what unpleasant subject of the reference of
the bill from the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I feel it my duty to insist
I on the order of the day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The French
! spoliation bill is before the Senate.
| Mr. STEWART. Then I give notice that I
shall try as often as I can do so to get a refer-
ence of this bill.
i, OBITUARY ADDRESSES.
II Mr. SAULSBURY submitted the following
;l resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That eight thousand copies of the
[ 1 addresses delivered in the two Houses on the 18th
: instant, on the occasion of the announcement of
I the death of Hon. Gabrbtt Davis, late a Senator
' from the State of Kentucky, be printed and bound;
three thousand copies for the use of the Senate,
1 and five thousand copies for the use of the House of
i Representatives.
j ORDER OF BUSINESS FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
I Mr. WINDOM. I ask unanimous consent
to proceed now with the consideration of the In-
dian appropriation bill, and I ask my friend
from Pennsylvania to yield that we may take
up that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota asks unanimous consent
to lay aside the pending bill informally for the
purpose of taking up the Indian appropriation
bilL
Mr. CAMERON. I insist on my bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania objects.
I Mr. WINDOM. Is it in order to move to
J lay aside the present order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
I Mr. WINDOM. Then I move to lay aside
i the present order, iu order that we may take
up the Indian appropriation bill. I desire to
say to the Senate that it contains very little
except formal appropriations, and if the Sen-
ate will give it their attention I have no doubt
we shall be able to complete it before the
holiday recess. I hope the Senate will take
up the bill now and act upon it. Otherwise,
when we come back here after the recess we
I shall have but little more than half of the
session left and not one important appropria-
tion bill acted upon, and we shall be driven at
the close of the session to the usual stress of
passing those bills in the night and in haste.
| Certainly I think a claim that has waited
i seventy or eighty years can be suspended now
; until after the recess in order that the neces-
sary business of the session may be trans-
; acted. The constituents of my honorable
! friend from Pennsylvania cannot complain
j of me for pressing this bill now, for he will
I remember, and perhaps they will if any of
j them noticed the debate that occurred only a
j few days ago, that I urged with all the power
I I could command upon the honorable Sen-
j ator to let us stay even three days longer
before we rushed home to eat our roast turkey;
but through the influence of the honorable
Senator we are to adjourn on the 20th of this
month for seventeen days, one fifth of the
entire session, and I now insist that the Sen-
ate shall at the earliest moment possible take
up and dispose of oue of the important appro-
priation bills. I ask therefore that action be
taken on the bill now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
give notice that if the French spoliation bill
shall be laid aside I shall ask the Senate to
take up the bill for the further endowment and
support of the national agricultural colleges.
I suppose that the French spoliation bill is
nearly through so far as the discussion is con-
cerned, and it will not take a great deal more
time; but the bill suggested by the Senator
from Minnesota cannot pass until after the
holiday recess, and besides, all the appropria-
tion bills are sure to pass, while this other bill
of which I have spoken is one that has been
; before the Senate for a considerable time, and
is properly the next bill in order.
Mr. RICE. A few days ago I offered a
Senate resolution, which was laid overforone
day. I ask if it is in order to call it up now,
the morning business having closed ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
! thony.) There is a motion pending now to
postpone the regular order. If that motion
prevails, the Senator can move to bring up his
resolution.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senate will see that
if we give way the regular order every Senator
here will have some special bill which he de-
sires to have passed just before we take the
recess. I think the right way is to do one
thing at a time. We have a bill before us
now ; let us complete that.
I am very sorry that my friend from Min-
nesota is still a little "riled," as the Yankees
say, about his defeat the other day on the ad-
journment resolution. Surely he ought not to
complain. He can stay here if he likes, and
if he does not like to remain in Washington he
has my invitation to come along with me and
I shall be very glad to see him, and he will
have just as much credit for industry probably
as if he should carry his measure. [Laughter.]
Nobody believes we can pass the Indian ap-
propriation bill to-day, and to-morrow we shall
really only meet to adjourn. The French spo-
liation bill we can pass in an hour, in all
probability, and then we can take up something
else.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to make a suggestion
to my colleague with reference to the bill he
has in charge. As the motion now is to post-
pone it, he will probably prefer that it shall go
over informally, so that he may have control
of it hereafter; and as a reason for that I
would suggest to him this consideration: the
discussion of the bill, particularly by the Sen*
