298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
ator from Ohio who first spoke upon it, [Mr.
Sherman,] has suggested n question with ref-
erence to that bill, upon which we shall prob-
ably get considerable light—1 hope we shall—in
the report of the Judiciary Committee when
they come to make it npon the bill for the dis-
tribution of" the award made at Geneva. The
Senator from Ohio made the statement that
the claima which will be distributed under
the French spoliation bill are now held
largely, if not by a majority of those in
interest, by insurance companies, and those
insurance companies having in them foreign
stockholders. Upon looking at the bill of
which my colleague has charge, I find that the
language is such that if it should pass in its
present form, it will in all probability enable
those insurancecompanies to come in and take
a large portion of the fund. That is a ques-
tion, particularly with reference to the second
phase in which it will come before us on the
Geneva award, upon which I am not ready to
vote.
It seems to be assumed in the discussion
that the insurance companies in these cases
will be entitled to subrogation to the rights of
the assured in the same form that common
carriers are subrogated to the rights of the
assured where property has been lost by their
negligence, and other analogous cases. I am
not. ready yet to vote on that assumption, and
I. for one, wish time to look into the question
whether the insurance companies in this case
are entitled to subrogation, especially as it
bears upon the question of subrogation to the
rights of parties who, if they have any, come
in now to claim money given in virtue of a
rule established since the wrong which they
suffered, and a rule made retroactive only by
a treaty establishing this rule of international
law.
The question is too broad, I think, to be
disposed of summarily, or even to admit that
we have made a precedent which may be
claimed in the passage of the subsequent bill
introduced by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton.] That bill is now before the Judi-
ciary Committee and it involves this question.
The question ought to be raised with reference
to the distribution of the fund among the
claimants under the French spoliation bill, and
I suggest to my colleague whether, in view of
the question having been raised, it would not
be better that his bill go over informally until
we shall get that report from the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scott] has touched a very im-
portant question, directly involved in this bill
and also in another matter speedily to come
before Congress ; and for the purpose of rais-
ing the question at once, and that it may be
—lb.- i; " Jit to be discussed and
settled upon this bill as well as the other—I
offer the following amendment to the first sec-
tion of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is a motion to
postpone pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone.
Mr. MORTON. I ask to have my amend-
ment read for information.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the proposed amend-
ment, as follows:
Provided, That no part of the money appropriated
by this act shall be paid to insurance companies,
their representatives or assigns, that charged and
received war premiums upon the risks for the loss
of which they claim compensation, nor to any per-
son or persons representing claima which were in
whole or in part paid by insurance companies to the
extent that such claims were paid or reimbursed by
such insurance companies.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
it does not seem to me that the question which
has been suggested by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scott] arises in this case, and
I think it is very desirable that it should not
be agitated on this bill. It is very clear that
if that question is now to be settled, there are
a great many questions involved in one. There
are certain conditions in which an insurance
company may find itself where it. would be
very proper that it should be subrogated, as
if it had paid the whole loss and had made no
assessments to be compensated for that loss.
There may be other circumstances where it
would be veryimproper forit to be subrogated.
It seems to me that the bill as it stands covers
that whole case, inasmuch as it provides in the
third section that the commissioners shall
establish all needful rules and regulations, and
in the fourth section that they shall consider
claims presented before them and be governed
in their decision by the principles of justice
and the law of nations and former treaties be-
tween the United States and France. That
leaves the question to be determined by com-
missioners who are to be nominated by the
President and confirmed by the Senate, and
to be determined by them according to justice
and according to the law; and those com mis
sioners, with the peculiar facts of each case
before them, are vastly more likely to come
to a correct conclusion than we by anticipat-
ing the facts and undertaking to make a stat-
utory provision in reference to the question.
Besides, sir, if this question of the rights of
insurance companies is to be determined upon
by the Judiciary Committee in reference to
the Geneva claims, these commissioners will
have the benefit of that adjudication, applying
it to the facts as they shall be presented to
them.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, whether
the question be in the bill as it is now before
the Senate or not, it will be before the Senate
whenever the Senator from Indiana shall offer
his amendment, for that proposes to exclude
the insurance companies, and also to exclude
persons who have been paid by insurance com-
panies, who, by the way, would be excluded
anyhow, where the insurance companies, if
they were entitled to the money, might get the
money in the name of the claimants. So that
it does not do to say that the question is not
in the case ; it is brought distinctly before the
Senate by the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
With my present impressions I cannot vote
for the amendment of the Senator from Indi-
ana, much as I am opposed to these claims.
I cannot do so, because I think it is well-
settled law, certainly in the case of maritime
insurance, both at the common and the civil
law, that an insurer is subrogated to the rights
of the insured, and I have found no case which
makes any distinction between an insurance
against war risks and any other insurance.
The doctrine is laid down very clearly and
expressly in regard to fire iusurance, about
which there was more doubt, in a leading case
decided by the supreme court of Massachu-
setts in 13 Metcalf, if I recollect aright, the
case of Hart vs. The Western Railroad Com-
pany. There that court held that a fire insur-
ance company was subrogated to the rights of
the assured in an action against the railroad
company through whose negligence fire was
set to the premises and they were consumed.
This case will be found to be perhaps one of
the best considered of all the cases in America
on this subject. All of them up to about 1861
are referred to in a little work, Dixon on Sub-
rogation, which shows what is the law ; I said
the common law, but I ought rather to say
chancery law in the United States.
In the case in Metcalf the court sustained
an action in the name of the assured against
the railroad company brought after the insur-
ance company had paid the loss on the policy
of insurance, and decided that a release given
by the owner of the property to the railroad
company was of no validity whatsoever, because
after the payment of the entire loss by the in-
surance company the owner of the property
held a right of action against the wrong-doer,
the railroad company, as a trustee in trust for
the benefit of the insurance company.
In regard to maritime insurance it is laid
down in a standard work on that subject in the
civil law, Gauthier on Subrogation, that " all
the authors who have written on maritime in-
surance are ui i'umous in according the right
of subrogation." ! i then goes on to cite largely
from the writers the civil law. It is not
necessary to read more than that single sen-
tence, which I translate as nearly literally as I
can : "All the authors who have written on
maritime insurance are unanimous in according
the right of subrogation."
Mr. WINDOM. I dislike to interrupt my
friend, but I wish to ask the Chair a question
of order. Is it in order to debate the merits
of the proposition on a motion to postpone ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. WINDOM. Then I yield.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The French
spoliation bill is before the Senate, the pend-
ing question being on the motion to postpone it.
Mr. THURMAN. So the English courts
have held in maritime cases, just as the courts
which administer the civil law have held, that
in cases of maritime iusurance the insurer is
subrogated to the rights of the assured. But
this question has been asked and must be an-
swered : if the insurer gets the money back,
what has he given for his premium? He has
received a premium. It makes no difference
what the amount of the premium was, or whether
it was for a war risk or an ordinary risk ; the
principle is precisely the same. The question
has some force, what has this company given
for the premium? Does not the company get
the premium for nothing if it is reimbursed its
money? The answer is that the insurer agrees
to insure for a certain premium against loss,
with the right of subrogation ; that that right
of subrogation is an essential and implied ele-
ment in the contract of insurance. He does
not agree that he will insure for one per cent.,
or two per cent., or five per cent., and have no
right of subrogation, but he agrees to insure
for one per cent., or two per cent., or five per
cent., no matter what it is, in consideration
of the fact that he shall receive that money
and also be subrogated to the rights of the
assured. And, therefore, as it is a part of
the law that the iusurer shall be subro-
gated, that is to be taken as part of every
contract, because every contract is supposed
to be made in contemplation of the law and
the law to enter into it; and hence the insurer
does not agree that for a certain premium he
will insure absolutely without the right of sub-
rogation, but he agrees that for that premium
he will insure, he having the right of subro-
gation. That, therefore, is an element which
nters into the amount of premium he charges.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator con-
sider that principle to apply in this case ?
Mr. THURMAN. Undoubtedly. I do not
see that it makes any difference what the amount
of war risk or any other risk was.
Mr. CONKLING. This question does not
lie within the domain of law, and all that the
Senator has been saying is valuable only as an
illustration, and I admit its value in that way.
I admit that ordinarily an insurance company
as a part of its contract of insurance bargains
for subrogation, as it does undoubtedly in the
cases to which he has been referring; but in a
case like this, in the case of the possibility of
an international negotiation leading to such a
result as the Geneva award for example, does
the Senator think that he can extend, even by
way of analogy, the doctrine of subrogation
contracted for in the original contract of
insurance to a contingency so remote, not
residing at all within the domain of ordinary
tribunals, but coming out of an utterly unfore-
seen international negotiation ?
Mr. THURMAN. The question is simply
this : were these insurers subrogated to the
right of the persons whose property was un-
lawfully taken by France to claim reclamation
