1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
from France? Do they stand in the shoes of
the owners of the property that was unlaw-
fully taken by France? Had they the same
right to claim indemnification from France
that the owners of the ships had? If they
had. it seems to me that ends the question.
If ihey had, then if there is any claim against
the United States it is a claim that resulted
from using the property of these insurers, for
it had become their property.
Mr. MORTON. 1 desire to ask the Sena-
tor from Ohio this question: whether we in the
consideration of this bill are to view this doc-
trine of subrogation in the same light that a
court would? Here is an appeal made to the
nation to pay certain losses suffered a long
time ago, and the appeal is made upon purely
equitable grounds. Now, the question is
whether there can be any pretense of equity
in favor of insurance companies that charged
and received war premiums, charged extra
premiums for the very risk that was taken?
In all probability these companies made large
profits during the very time these risks were
taken, these losses suffered. There is no evi-
dence that they suffered bankruptcy, or that
they suffered loss. How can insurance com-
panies, managed by wise business men, who
adapted their premiums to the dangers to be
incurred, and who have in all probability made
their money out of them, appeal to this nation
for relief at this period?
That is the broad question presented, and I
desire to submit that question upon this amend-
ment and have the Senate pass upon it, not to
leave it to these commissioners under the sug-
gestion of the Senator from New Jersey that
they shall pass upon it according to the prin-
ciples of law. There are no legal rights in
this case at all. These persons have no legal
rights against the Government of the United
States: it is all a matter of equity, or rather I
might say of charity, and nothing else. We
are to consider it in that light.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Indiana is correct, I
certainly shall vote against this bill. I do
not think it a matter of charity or a matter of
equity. It is true that these claimants cannot
sue the Government; neither can any one else
sue the Government. That is the only quality
in which it is not strictly a legal claim. It is
that or it is nothing. If our merchants had
legal claims against France, and if this Gov-
ernment for a consideration renounced those
claims, then the merchants have a claim
against this Government; a claim in law, a
claim which conld be sued for if the Govern-
ment was suable. Therefore, if the proposi-
tion of my friend is correct that it is a matter
of charity, I do not think that we have any
right to give this charity.
Mr. THURMAN. I think there is great
force in what was said by the Senator from
Indiana. I agree with him entirely in one
thing, that this claim is not a legal claim, but
is simply a claim upon the equity of the Gov-
ernment. I am with him entirely in that prop-
osition. I am not with him in saying that it
is a charity one way or the other, although I
think it would be if we were to pass it, because
I do not think we are liable for a dollar of it.
In that respect I am with him. But in con-
sidering the question which has been mooted
he is right in saying that it is an equitable
claim upon the Government, if it has any ex-
istence at all, and not a legal claim ; but that
does not alter the case as it seems to me at all.
Here were certain claims against France on
behalf of certain ship-owners who lost their
property. They were insured. On the prin-
ciples of maritime insurance, when the insurers
paid the losses the insurers became subrogated
to the rights of the owners, and in equity the
money, whenever recovered from France,
would belong to the insurers to the extent
that they had paid ; and these claims, thus in
equity belonging to the insurers, as well as
those which were still held by the original
owners ofthe property, were the claims which
our Government pressed upon the consid-
eration of France, anil which it is said our
Government surrendered for a valuable con-
sideration. So it does not matter whether
this is a legal claim or an equitable claim ;
treat it in one way or treat it in the other, the
whole thing comes back to the question : did
we surrender these claims and receive in lieu
of them a valuable consideration ? If we did,
then in equity we are bound to answer for the
proceeds of the claims which we received from
France, whether the proceeds were in money
or in something else.
I have already occupied the attention of the
Senate on this subject, and expressed my view
that we received nothing from France, and
therefore that we are not liable at all, and now
I wish, while I am up, to answer very briefly
the argument made by my honorable friend
from Maine [Mr. Morrill] in reply to the
proposition that I laid down.
He says, suppose it be granted that the
claims of France upon us had no validity what-
soever; suppose it be granted that France
could not have recovered one dollar from us
because her claims upon us had no validity,
still, he says, it is a principle of law well
known that where a claim has color of right,
the settlement of that claim is a good con-
sideration for a promise to pay. That is very
true. Undoubtedly, as between individuals,
that is the law. If I have a claim upon you,
sir, and you have a claim upon me, and we
settle, and one of us, in consideration of a
mutual release, promises to pay a sum of money,
that is a good consideration if' there was color
of right in the mutual claims which were set
up. But does that doctrine apply to this case?
No, sir, it does not apply to this case, and for
this reason: in this case there is no promise
by the Government to these claimants in con-
sideration of the settlement with France.
There is no promise upon which an action
could be maintained if the Government was
suable. In the case of an individual an action
at law could be maintained by the party
if the promise was supported by a good con-
sideration ; but here there is no promise made
by the Government of the United States to
these claimants upon which any action could
be maintained if the Government were suable.
The consequence, therefore, is that if these
persons have any claim at all on the Gov-
ernment of the united States, it is an equit-
able claim ; and when they come to present
an equitable claim, then, just as a court of
chancery would do as between individuals,
when the whole subject is open, when the
equities of the parties can be looked into, you
have a right to see whether there was color of
right for the claim that has been set np. Then
you have a right to see whether or not the
claims made upon us by France were valid.
But it may be said in answer to that, " the
Government of the United States stood in the
relation of trustee for these claimants, and if
a trustee has received a benefit to himself from
the property of his beneficiary, although the
title of the beneficiary to that property was
ever so imperfect or defective, it does not lie
in the mouth of the trustee to set up the
defect; he cannot say, when he himself has
made money or any valuable thing out of the
property that belonged to his beneficiary,
' Why, sir, you had no title to that property
which I used.'" I grant that a trustee is
estopped from doing any such thing. He can-
not set up a defect of title in his beneficiary
when he has used the property or claim of his
beneficiary to make profit for himself. That
is very true as between individuals.
That brings us to another question, for logic
requires you to go step by step. Did the
United States bear that relation to these claim-
ants that an ordinary trustee does to his bene-
ficiary ? If we did, and the United States has
received payment for these claims, although
that payment consisted in the relinquishment
of illegal claims advanced by France, I cannot
gainsay these people's right to compensation,
to the extent of what? Not to the extent of
the injuries done them, but to the extent of the
benefit received by us, for that would be the
amount of their claim. But the fact is that
the Government does not stand in the relation
that a private trustee does to his beneficiary
at all. When the Government undertakes to
prosecute the claim of its citizen it does not
assume the duty and obligation of a trustee.
It is a matter of public concern how far it will
prosecute that claim, what steps it will take
in order to obtain indemnity, and when it will
cease to prosecute it. These are matters of
public concern which the Government has a
right to decide for itself. It may stop, when-
ever it sees fit to stop for public considerations,
pressing the claim any further, and it does not
at all militate against the Government or make
it liable that the period at which it stopped the
prosecution ofthe claim is one at which it makes
a treaty with a foreign Power, or that coinci-
dent with its ceasing to prosecute the claim, it
says, "I will make a treaty with you"—the
foreign Power. That does not alter the case
at all. The Government of the United States
had prosecuted this claim up to the point
where it could do but one thing more, and
that was to make open war.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the Senator
a question ?
Mr. THURMAN. Let me finish, if you
please, and then I shall be ready to hear you.
It had done everything in the way of pre-
sentation, furnishing evidence, argument,
negotiation, that could be done. Then it went
further: it adopted retaliatory measures, quasi
war ; it issued letters of marque and reprisal.
It did that which no citizen had a right to ask
it to do. It had then done everything but
declare open and flagrant war. It had then a
right to stop. It had a right to stop before
that. It had a right to stop before it ever
issued letters of marque and reprisal; and
having that right to forbear any further the t
prosecution of these claims, having a right to
forbear taking the last step of appealing to
the ultima ratio, it is not at all liable, because
when it ceased to prosecute them in that way
it at the same time received from France a
release of her claims upon us.
I say, therefore, that the Government does
not stand in the relation of a private trnstee
at all. Its duties to its citizen are the duties
which I have stated, to present his claim, trans-
mit the evidence which he furnishes of its
validity, argue it, negotiate about it, and that
is all the right the citizen has to ask. He
cannot demand quasi, much less actual, war in
the support of his claim, and he cannot say
that the Government shall forever continue to
press it. It is a matter of public concern and
public consideration, to be governed by public
policy as well as the right of the individual,
when the Government will cease to prosecute
his claim. The Government of the United
States had done all that could be asked of it;
and, convinced that these claims never would
be paid, it ceased to prosecute them. But it
does not militate against the Government that
at the same time it received a release of liabil-
ity from France.
Mr. CONKLING. It is not my purpose
now, if at any time, to discuss in general the
French spoliation bill; but as it was not agree-
able to my friend from Ohio to be interrupted,
I avail myself of the earliest moment to point
out an apparent difficulty with the argument
he made the other day, and which to some
extent he restates now.
When the honorable Senator argues the
question of the right of subrogation of an
assurer in case of maritime loss, he seems to
have no difficulty in preserving all tbp way
through and binding himself by the analogies
between a Government and an individual.
When, however, he comes to argue the liabil-
ity of the Government growing out of a relin-
