300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December ID,
quishment for its own benefit of the claims
ot' its citizens, he loses the trail of analogy,
and becomes perplexed by impedimenta com-
mon to both cases alike, as it seems to me ; he
betakes himselt to a transition from the argu-
ment which he employs in the one case to au
urgumeut which will better auswer his purpose
in the second case ; he takes at a convenient
point a departure iuto the broad expanse of
philosophy and ethics, aud says "from here
I'uwatdl insist that the parallel fails between
an individual and a Government."
I did not rise, however, to complain of this
inconsistency iu the argument of the honora-
ble Senator, but to draw his attention to two
propositions he lays down, neither of which
1 believe can be maintained as matter of law
or matter of reason.
In the first place, I understand him to say
that if the Government, whether a trustee or
a volunteer, undertook to trade off these
claims, to use them for the purchase of some-
thing which it wauled, to wit, a release from
counter claims, it would upon principle be
liable, if at all, to its cestui que trusts, merely
for the amount which it realized in tbe trans-
action. Is that the law ? At common lew or
in equity is that the rule of damages ? With-
out regard to adjudicated cases, or legal prin-
ciples. is such a position justifiable ?
My honorable friend: has claim to or interest
in a bit of real estate, and as truste# or agent,
with his power of attorney in my pocket, I
execute a release or quit-claim deed to a third
person, and thus I extinguish his outstanding
title or claim, or interest: is it possible that
when he calls me to account I am to respond
to him by only as much as I derived benefit
in the transaction? No, sir, with deference
for every opinion of the honorable Senator
from Ohio, I venture to say that the measure
of damages, if at law, and of relief in equity f
between me and him whose interest I have .
traded away or extinguished, would be the
value of that I had destroyed or had taken, ■■
and not the value of the advantage or profit I
'gained in return.
I deny this proposition of the Senator, and
I venture to doubt another position he main-
tained. He says, if I understand him, assuming
that a claim subsisted—a claim, if you please,
in which the United States had been baffled,
a claim from the negotiation of which the
United States had retreated—assuming that a
claim subsisted belonging to American citi-
zens, if the U aited States appropriated it to its
own use, and by yielding it up negotiated a
release from the claims against itself, the
United States does not in equity stand in the
position of either an agent or trustee. The
honorable Senator, without exactly marking
the lines of argument by which he reaches this
conclusion, says in general terms that the
Government is not suable, that the case is
not between individuals ; that the proportions
of tbe affair are larger and more indefinite,
and so he does not see that the duty or obliga-
tion subsists which would subsist between
individuals. |
Let us examine this. I care not how far I
may be admitted or how soon may be denied j
the obligation of a Government to take up the ;
claim ol its citizens and urge it against a for-
eign Power; I will admit that the duty of a
Government is discharged by a mere presenta- '
tion of a claim and a request of payment, or
on the other hand, I will admit that the duty
of a Government extends to the verge of war, [
and beyond that, in pressing the claims of its :
citizens. Be this duty greater or Iesa, I inquire
how it can be if a Government consents to
accept the claim of a citizen, and to become
the medium of its presentation to the nation
against which it exists, that being; so in cus-
tody of the claim, it appropriates it to its own
use and undertakes to cancel and give it up, in
order to purchase something for itself, it does
riot iu reason stand as a citizen would stand
who had done the .iame thing?
If it were an individual, liabilities would
attach to him even beyond those adverted to
by the Senator from Ohio. An individual so
acting would expose himself to requirements
not confined perhaps to simple restitution of
the value appropriated. But speaking only
of his liability to respond 1 inquire why is it,
apart from the fact that a Government is not
suable, that the United States does not, iuthe
case supposed, occupy the position of any
other person, natural or artificial, who having
in his custody the claims or property of an-
other to be dealt with for him so deals with
them a8to amount to an appropriation to his
own use ? 1 confess I do not see.
How far such a question actually arises upon
the bill before us, 1 do not iuquire ; I only
take the question as presented by the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
In discussing this point I may seem to go
further than I intend, and to express an opinion
on the general question before us. This I dis-
claim, because it seems to me the case may
be put against the French spoliation claims
on ground more impregnable thau that on
which the Senator from Ohio put it when he
said the criterion is the value received by the
Government of the United States, aud that if
it could be made to appear that the release
from France was of no substantial value, then
aod then only would these claims fall to the
ground. It struck me when the Senator first
advanced this view, and subsequent reflection
has confirmed me, that there are stronger
arguments against these claims, obstacles to
be surmounted greater thau can be found iu
this mode of reasoning.
The test by which the Senator tries the
validity of the treaty between the United States
and France as constituting a consideration
between our citizens and their Government, is
open to grave doubt, it seems to me. The law
between individuals—and it is valuable only
by way of analogy and illustration perhaps for
the reason briefly stated, that the Government
is not suable—the law is that a composition
of a controversy isagood, valuable, and indis-
putable consideration for a promise, unless the
parties are mistaken in the facts, or unless
fraud intervenes ; of course the case must be
one of settling a controversy which exists in
good faith based upon claims for which there
is color.
If I were to say to my honorable friend from
Wisconsin who sits near me, [Mr. Howe,]
" on the Rialto such a night you committed a
gross assault upon me ; you broke my limbs,
and I ask you to pay me much money for it,"
and he were to agree to pay me, undoubtedly
a court would say the claim is so absurd and
groundless and without color that money paid
upon it should be paid back, and a promise
based upon it, like a promise based on nothing,
would be only a nude contract, because lacking
the elements which valid consideration alone
can give.
But if there be in truth a controversy between
us whether "a mutual claim," borrowing the
expression of the Senator from Ohio, or a
claim only on one side, and the parties come
to an agreement, however mistaken they may
be in law—for it was held long ago in England
that no mistake of law would relieve them,
and a very early and leading case in the Su-
preme Court made the same doctrine con-
spicuous—no matter how mistaken the parties
may have been as to the law, if they under-
stood the facts and neither committed a fraud
upon the other, a composition of a controversy
is a good and valid consideration, and no
court, whether of law or of equity, will go be-
hind it, not even if it shall turn out that had
the parties prosecuted their legal remedies it
would have been demonstrable in the end that
no recovery could have been had on one side.
Therefore it seems to me, when in the case
of claims made by the French Government
upon us, resting in rights defined in the great
body of public law, involving the construction
of treaty stipulations, and the elucidation of
conflicting history, you undertake to demon-
strate that a release of the United States from
all liability was of no value at all, because the
claims were not even colorable, and therefore
their extinguishment amounted to absolutely
nothing from beginiug to end, you wage a
hazardous war, aud give to the bill before us
a victory it might never gain over other reasons
which may be brought against it.
But I do not intend to discuss the French
spoliation claims this morning, if ever, and 1
did not intend to continue my remarks so
long, but simply to say to the Senator from
Ohio that I cannot find support for the argu-
ment that if the Government of the United
States appropriated these claims aud obtained
a release in exchange for them the measure
of damages between the Government and the
owners would be only the fruit borne to the
Government. Nor can I see how the Sen-
ator is supported in analogy when he says that
upon his theory of the case the Government
does not stand either as a volunteer exercising
a jus disponendi over property not its own,
or as a trustee or agent for those for whom it
assumed to act.
Mr. WTNDOM. Mr. President, it is very
evident that we shall spend the entire after-
noon on the discussion of this question, and,
I think, accomplish nothing. I will there-
fore withdraw the motion which I made a
short time ago, to postpone the pending bill,
and move to lay that bill on the table in order
that we may take up one of the appropriation
bills and pass it.
Before making that motion, however, I de-
sire to say that the Indian appropriation bill
this year is not so difficult as it has usually
been, and will not require so much time.
There are not a half dozen pages iu the entire
bill which are not simply formal appropria-
tions to carry out treaties about which there
will he no discussion. I want to say further
that the bill itself is a reduction upon last
year's appropriation of nearly $1,000,000—
nine hundred and seventy-odd thousand dol-
lars—and with one of the amendments which
have usually been offered, the Senate can very
readily pass it before we adjourn to-morrow.
I am informed that the Committee on Indian
Affairs of the Senate have no amendments to
propose. It is merely a formal bill which we
desire to be rid of before the recess. I there-
fore move to lay the pending order on the
table.
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator from
Minnesota will withdraw that motion for the
present. I wish about fifteen minutes to reply
to the Senator from New York; and I ought
to reply, if I have to do it at all, immediately
after he has spoken, and then X shall be very
willing to take up the other bill.
Mr. WINDOM. I suppose courtesy should
require that I should withdraw the motion for
that length of time in order that answer may
be made, aud therefore I will withdraw it if 1
can have the floor to make the motion again
in fifteen minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The Chair will assign
the floor to the Senator from Minnesota if he
speaks in time. He cannot promise.
Mr. WINDOM. I will try.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator from Ohio
will allow me, I will alter my view somewhat.
1 did hope that we should get through with
this bill to-day. I see now that this is hardly
possible under any circumstances, and if the
bill can lie over informally until we return
after the recess, I shall be perfectly willing to
let any other business come up.
Mr. THURMAN. All I ask is that 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio has the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. Cannot that be under-
stood ?
Mr. THURMAN. I am willing it shall lie
over forever. [Laughter.]
