1266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
District of Columbia tried on two occasions to
get leave to deliver his speech in the House,
bat /'ailed.
Mr. DICKEY. I yielded the floor to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] for a
discussion of the Army bill. But I have no
kind of objection to the half hour I yielded
to him being spent in any sort of amusement
the committee may choose to indulge .in.
After that half hour has been occupied on the
other side, I shall certainly yield the balance
of my time to the gentleman from the District
of Columbia.
Mr. ROOSEVELT proceeded to address the
House, and the half hour allowed having ex-
pired before he concluded he asked consent to
print the balance of his remarks in the Globe.
Mr. BEATTY. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Roosevelt] spoke about somebody
grasping for the Globe printing. I would wish
to know what the gentleman meant by that
statement.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. If you will allow me
to go on, I will tell you.
Mr. DICKEY. During the remainder of
my term in Congress I will object to any leave
being given to print in the Globe.
No objection being made, leave was given to
Mr. Roosevkw to print the balance of his
remarks. [His speech will be published iu
the Appendix.]
Mr. DICKER. I yield theremaiuderof my
time to the gentleman l'rom the District of
Columbia, [Mr. Chifman,]
Mr. CHIPMAN. I shall endeavor to detain
the House but a very few minutes. It is not
my purpose to occupy the half hour which 1
have been accorded by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. 1 shall only follow the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Uoohkvelt] in
the statements I regard as essential to be
traversed, and leave his speech and my own,
recently made, which fully covered tlio whole
subject, to take their own courHe and meet
their own results as to charge and refutation.
I do not admit that the gentleman from
New York comes bore with such clean hands
that lie is entitled tosotupa standard of moral
conduct in the District. No man shall cry
out in Washington, "Tammany No. 2,"
while holding a certificate of ollioe given him
by the decree of " Tammany No. 1 "—a man
SO shameless that, he has (lie audacity to admit
that he was not elected by the votes of the
people in his district, but was counted in by a
power wlueh he then had neither the virtue
nor courage to resist.. Is it not, Mr. Chair-
man, Saian rebuking sin to witness this exhi-
bition of ihe gentleman?
iSow, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from
Now York assails iu a brutal tnauner the per-
sonal character of men in this District who
are his peers. The particular oilieur whom lie
Singles out has struggled here in this com-
munity from childhood; he is known to thou-
sands, and ho stands here with as good a char-
acter, in all tho.se qualities which make up
manhood, as that of any man upon this floor.
He is self-made, it is true, but he is oue of
those men for whom nature has done more
than wealth, blood, or any other influence can
do for some men I might mention. This man
with his associates is now attempting to make
Washington city something that it has not been
in the years that are past—a fit residence for
the capital of a great people. But, sir, these
gentlemen have been pursued at every step;
and it seems now that, there is an avenue—I
will not say a sewer—that there is an aveuue
in this House through whieh the combined
influences of the Opposition, their slanders,
their misrepresentations, their insane hostility
to everything which tends to the good of the
District, may be poured iu here, and be em-
ployed to defeat what 1 regard as the patriotic
efforts of these public ollicers.
The gentleman trom New York speaks of
fraud and misrepresentation, and says that
these officers are attempting to deceive this
House. He has not pointed out one sin-
gle instance where that has been done. Look
at the report which the Board of Public
Works has made. Take their report, exam-
ine it, and let the board stand or fall with
it. Take that portion which the gentleman
criticises so severely, that which gives the
estimates of the contracts which were made
for the purpose of carrying out these im-
provements, and I declare that no man not
absolutely blind with hatred and prejudice
will fail to see the refutation of the gentle-
man's charges. Let me remind the House
that the real question in that connection is
this: did the Board of Public Works repre-
sent to Congress substantially the amount of
their indebtedness or of their liabilities?
This ia not a new question. The gentleman
discussed it a fortnight ago, and 1 followed
him as soon as opportunity offered, and I call
attention now to the fact that the gentleman
fails to explain more than half a score of
misrepresentations in his speech which I ex-
posed. I assume that he cannot explain, and
I shall not repeat the argument.
Now, sir, I allege that the Board of Public
Works have represented their indebtedness
truthfully, or within a very few thousand dol-
lars, which is as near as estimates can be
made involving millions of dollars' worth of
work; and yet the gentleman would have you
believe that instead of the liabilities incurred
by the board amounting to something over
$0,000,000, they amount to $13,000,000.
Somebody has told a great untruth in refer-
ence to this matter. Mr. Chairman, my posi-
tions do not rest upon my own examination.
A committee of this House has told you pre-
cisely what 1 tell you, and I have yet to learn
that the House distrusts the integrity of that
committee.
The gentleman from New York is a mem-
bur of that committee. Upon hisown motion
and on his own resolution the Committee for
the District of Columbia examined this very
question, and instead of remaining here, as
it was his duty to do if he intended really to
unearth what he tdleged to bo frauds, the
gentleman wont off to New York city, and we
bear no moro of him in relatiou to this matter
until he comes here to make an assault on
the integrity of these gentlemen, and to show
the House that it has committed itself to the
payment of a large amount of money upon an
account which was a fraud upon the Govern-
ment of the United States. Sir, when the
gentleman next has an opportunity of ex-
amining these matters let him not go off to
New York city to engage in a vain attempt to
organize a "dispensary democracy" by dis-
pensing with Democrats, and then oome here
and make what I may call a dispensary speech,
dispensing entirely with facts.
The gentleman first attempts to explain how
he was betrayed into hm blunders by using an
advance proof copy of the report of the board,
and he charges that there are no less than
four different editions, and admits that the
page he thought was suppressed turns up in
another part of the later editions.
Let me say one word here. The first dozen
copies were struck off before the original proof-
sheets had reached the proof reader and were
returned. The body of the report is not and
has not been changed in any one material
particular, but the exhibits, which are nu-
merous, were made up by clerks and carefully
examined and corrected for later editions, but
not in the least changing totals or the text of
tbe report, or any important fact of the report.
The House must remember that in no matter
referred to by the gentleman except the ac-
count, rendered ngsrinst the United States is
the truth or falsehood of bis statements im-
portant, and therefore the House could not
have been misled. As to the account against
the Government, I have fully refuted the gen-
tleman in former remarks, but will again
notice it a pioment,
As to thegentleman's statement that he has
again computed the tables which I recently
showed to be correct in the report, and his
further statement that his first estimate is the
true one, I can only say that the gentleman
and I cannot agree, and we must leave, the
House to judge which is right.
Now, the gentleman, in taking np the re-
marks I made in reply to him, and in addition
to the statement, that this account has been
paid by Congress under a misrepresentation,
arraigns the engineer in charge of the public
buildings and grounds, and he goes over the'
accounts and vouchers of General Babcock,
and attempts to show that he has paid items
which the board never charged, and other
items in regard to which, in fact, the board
bad not done any work. In his former speech
the gentleman said this account was paid to
the last dollar and cent, and that the measure-
ments agreed to a foot, and he thought it so
strange as to warrant an insinuation of collu-
sion and fraud. Let me tell the House the
exact truth about it. I have here a copy of
the deficiency bill to which this House gen-
erously added over a million and a quarter
dollars for the purpose of paying the amount
rendered against the Government for work
done in front of the property of the Govern-
ment. I ask the Clerk to read from that bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
" District of Columbia :
" To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay the
expenditures made by the Board of Public Works
of the District of Columbia for paving roadway, and
curbing mid paving sidowalks, grading, sewerage,
and other improvements upon and adjoining the
property of tho United States in the District of
Columbia. 81.2-11.920 1)2, or so much thereof as may
bo nccessary: Provided, That all payments under
this appropriation shall be madeonlyupon vouchers
approved by .tbe officer in charge of the public build-
ings and grounds of the District after full examina-
tion and measurement of the said improvements,
and thonpprovalof tho prices claimed therefor: And
provided further. That tho said Board of Publio
Works bo, and thoy are hereby, prohibited from
incurring or contracting further liabilities on behalf
of tho United States in tho improvement of Streets,
avenues, and reservations beyond the amount of
appropriations previously made by Congress, and
from entering into any contract touching such im-
provements on behalf of the United States except, in
pursuance of appropriations made by Congress."
Mr. CHIPMAN. Mr. Chairman, the gen-
tleman from New York charged distinctly in
his former speech that upon an examination
personally of the vouchers of General Babcock.
to which he alluded here to-day, he had found
that those vouchers agreed with the accounts
laid before the Committee on Appropriations
by the Board of Public Works, and he stated,
as I have said, that it was a remarkable fact
that in an account of over a million and a quar-
ter of dollars, including probably one thousand
items, the two should agree so exactly. Let
me ask the gentleman how that charge agrees
with the one he to-day makes that tbe vouchers
of General Babcock and the accounts of the
board disagree in almost every particular? He
must have been wrong first if he is right now.
But I say he was wrong first, and is avoiding
the truth now. 1 admit, Mr. Chairman, if what
the gentleman first charged were the case it
would be remarkable, but unfortunately it is
not true. If the gentleman had examined
the very first item in this account he would
have seen that General Babcock strikes off an
item of $4,000 ; and yet the gentleman came
here and charged that every item and every
cent had been paid. Sir, I say that the maxim
will apply here in discussing a question of this
kind, falsum in uno, falsum in omnibus. If
true as to witnesses, why is it not true in regard
to discussions here?
Now, the fact is that the account of the
board embraced items amounting to over a
million and a quarter of dollars ; but General
Babcock reports that the accounts amounted to
$81,204 83 more than the board had reported,
yet, tbe very object of the gentleman's first
speech was, as well as this attack to-day is, to
show to the House that the board, in fact, had
done less work than they charged the Govern-
