1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
303
a single moment. As to whether the Govern-
ment of the United States would enforce
against France the reimbursement of these
ship-owners, was a question to be decided by
the Government alone in its own sound dis-
cretion ; and as to what were the motives that
led the Government to make this treaty or
that treaty, or to make no treaty at all, but
just drop the matter, as it might have done,
those motives are not to be inquired into, and
cannot be inquired into for the purpose of
making the Government of the United States
responsible as if it were a trustee.
The learning shown by my friend from Ohio
was refreshing. I love to hear him talk law,
for he does it well. But what have all these
doctrines got to do with fixiug the responsibil-
ity of the Government of the United States?
How can you weigh the motives and how can
you say the Government of the United States
has appropriated property because it has agreed
that it will not press certain claims against the
French Government if the French Govern-
ment says it will not press certain elaims on
our Government that may be on either side
fauciful or real according to the judgment of
the two Governments ? They might have agreed
to drop the matter, or they might have dropped
it tacitly without any agreement and the result
would have been precisely the same.
But now let us look this thing right in the
face. Here is a claim for $5,000,000 to be
takeu out of the Treasury of the United States
to be paid to whom ? In all probability three
fourths of it, four fifths of it, will be paid to
insurance companies that after all never lost
auyihing but made money all the time. That
was their business. They insured specially
against these very risks understanding what
they were; they were paid for it, and agreed
to take the chances. They made some losses,
but in all probability made great gains. And
now we are asked, seventy years af:erward,
to come forward and pay to these insurance
companies their losses, allowing them to keep
all their profits; taking no account of other
merchants who had to pay increased war risks
and who were the real sufferers. The insur-
ance companies who lost nothing are to be the
parties chiefly reimbursed. Sir, there is no
claim in law or in equity so far as the insur-
ance companies are concerned.
The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cam-
eron] will take notice that I am not arguing
the main question as to the right of the ori-
ginal parties to recover. I have not felt my-
self prepared or qualified to go into that
argument; I have not paid sufficient attention
to it to do so; but it does seem to me that, so
far as the insurance question is concerned,
there is scarcely room to doubt. What is the
amount named in this bill? Five million dol-
lars. Does that cover the whole claim ? We
are told not. It is estimated at twenty or
twenty-five million dollars. I think I heard
some Senator ask the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Morrill] the other day if $6,000,000
would be accepted in full discharge and liquid-
ation, and I understood that Senator to say no.
Mr. SUMNER. It has always been- under-
stood that it was to be accepted.
Mr. MORTON. I understand not; but it
is uot so expressed in the bill, I believe, and if
they get $5,000,000 are they not entitled to
recover the whole amount? If we are in honor
or equity or justice bound to pay $1,000,000,
are we not equally bound to pay the whole
loss ?
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow
me, this bill is so framed as to make this a
final settlement. The claimants are to receive
this $6,000,000 in pro rata amounts, and that
ends the controversy; that disposes of the
claims.
Mr. MORTON. But the question is, as the
Senator from New York [Mr. Conkling] sug-
gests, what is to make it final? Nothing but
a sense of justice on the part of Congress that
can repeal this actor make another appropria-
tion just as well hereafter. But I come right
down to the question of principle iuvolved. If
the Government of the United States is bound
iu equity and good morals to pay for these
losses, we are bound to pay for the whole of
them, and it is not honorable for this Govern-
ment to drive a hard compromise with these
people who have been put off for seventy years.
After keeping them at bay for seventy years,
if we are bound to pay at all, we are bound to
pay all. Can we settle this matter with our
own consciences by paying a mere bagatelle of
$5,000,000 when we ought to pay twenty or
twenty-five million dollars?
But, Mr. President, coming back to the
original proposition, it is simply, so far as my
amendment is concerned, the question whether
these insurance companies are to be paid a
second time. I am not striking at the whole
bill; I am only striking at so much of it as
will go for the benefit of insurance compauies.
If they are not claimants to any great amount,
then there is no harm done. If they are claim-
ants to a great amount, then it is all the more
necessary. So that whether their claim is large
or small, the amendment is equally just and
proper.
Sir. SCOTT. Mr. President, when I sug-
gested the question which is now raised by the
amendment offered by the Senator from Indi-
ana, I stated that it was one upon which I
desired information. As it is now formally
before the Senate, I cannot refrain from ex-
pressing the thoughts which my examination
of it to a very limited extent suggests. I con-
fess that that limited examination did suggest
to me a very serious doubt whether the analo-
gies that prevail in the law with reference to
subrogation were safe to follow in the adjust-
ment of this national question. I read the
case to which the Senator from Ohio who last
spoke upon this question [Mr. Thurman]
referred, and it seemed to me that by follow-
ing the authorities on questions of subrogation,
we run to a point in this case where the analogy
clearly fails.
Take the case to which the Senator from
Ohio referred, the case of a common car-
rier, a railroad company, the insurer, and the
assured. There are three parties. The in-
surer assured his goods. He intrusted them
to a common carrier. They were destroyed
or lost by negligence. When that was the
case, he had the option of remedies. He
could either bring his action against the
common carrier for negligence and recover
the value of his goods, or he could go to
the insurance company and recover upon his
policy. Here was one of two remedies, both
founded upon contract. It will be seen at
once that if he goes to the insurer and recov-
ers his money, unless you permit the insurer
to be subrogated to his rights, you strike
down a rule of public policy which has been
ingrafted in the common law and held sacred
in all civilized countries ; and that is, the rule
which holds common carriers responsible for
all other consequences than the act of God or
of the public enemy. If the insurer cannot
be subrogated to the rights of the assured in
that case, the option which the law gives him
releases the common carrier from responsi-
bility altogether.
If you take another case, of fire insurance,
where a party has lost his property by the act
of an incendiary, there the sufferer might, if
he could find the incendiary and if he were
responsible, recover in a civil action the dam-
ages ; but if, instead of following the inceu-
diary, he goes to the insurance company and
gets his money, then the same rule of public
policy which subrogates the insurer to the
rights of the assured against a railroad com-
pany must subrogate the insurance company
to his rights against the incendiary, if it sees
proper to find and follow him.
Here are two rules, or one rule, to speak per-
haps more properly, of public policy in muni-
cipal government which requires that the in-
surer shall be subrogated to the rights of the
assured. But now when you come to this ques-
tion of holding that marine insurers are to be
subrogated to the rights of the assured for a
wrong committed upon the high seas—if you
call it a wrong—the act of a belligerent Power,
an act of war, then the parties become totally
different, because you have not simply the
three parties, the insurer, the assured, and the
wrongdoer; but you have the insured, the
assurer, the wrong-doer, the belligerent nation,
and a fourth party, our nation, which stands,
if we are to carry out the analogy in this case
according to the argument made by my friend
from Ohio, in the relation of a trustee who is
to come in and prosecute this remedy for the as-
sured by presenting the case to the nation that
has been guilty of this wrongful act. There
comesin, it seems to me, the failure of the anal-
ogy and the suggestion of an entirely different
question of public policy from that which
governs the cases to which I have already
referred.
Is it true, is it a good rule of public policy
that a belligerent with whom we are engaged
in war is to be treated as we treat a wrong-
doer in civil life ? If it be, are we as a nation
to take up the case of every citizen who suffers
from a belligerent act, and are we under obli-
gation as a Government to present his case to
that foreign Govern ment and demand damages?
And, following it out, if we make a treaty and
procure indemnity for all the evils that we
have suffered during the war, then does it fol-
low that every citizen who has suffered from
these belligerent acts is entitled to come in and
claim out of the fund which we have procured
as indemnity ? It may be indemnity for injury
to commerce; it may be indemnity for the viola-
tion of treaties; it may be indemnity for all
the causes which can give rise to hostility
between nations; but if you introduce into the
international code this doctrine of subrogation,
how are you to distinguish the losses which
citizens have sustained from belligerent acts
from the amounts which shall be secured for
other causes which have given rise to hostili-
ties? And yet it seems to me—I may be
wrong in it—if we recognize this doctrine of
the right of subrogation of an insurance com-
pany, to the rights of the assured, we are
incorporating this dangerous doctrine into
international law.
Now follow this out; what is to result prac-
tically? Take its result with reference to the
hostile acts which are alleged to have been
the cause of the damages given in the Geneva
award. What is the practical result of this
doctrine if you apply it there ? In the first
place, take the merchant who has insured his
property. That property has been destroyed
by the act ofabeliigeredt cruiser. He goes to
the insurance company and obtains the value
of his property, to the extent at least to which
it was insured by his policy. So far as the
contract between him and the insurer is con-
cerned, he is made whole. A treaty is made,
the result of which is to put money in our
Treasury adjudged to be the damages caused
by these belligerent acts. The insurer comes
and he by subrogation gets back the money
which he has paid to the insurer; so that he
has got the value of the property as fixed by the
policy and the premium both. These two parties
are both made whole, and who is the sufferer?
The merchants who have been compelled
by this state of warfare to pay the war rates
upon their vessels which have not been de
stroyed ; and thus, practically, the result of
this rule is to put the insured who was the
sufferer and the insurer who paid him the loss
in a much better condition than the mass of
our citizens who were compelled to pay the
war risks and whose vessels were not destroyed.
In other words, this rule puts the question of
public policy in such a light that it is better
for a man to have his vessel destroyed than
to have it saved.
Is that a good rule of public policy ? I sub-
