804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
mit it as * question to the Senate upon the
slight investigation which I have beeu able to
give the subject. Does it not lead to that?
Is not the man who insures his vessel and has
it destroyed in a better position than the man
who insures it and has it saved ?
I could aot refrain from expressing these
thoughts, for they have occurred to me in
looking at the analogies which are invoked for
the purpose of sustaining this rule of subroga-
tion. Subrogation really is not the proper
word in this oase. Subrogation, if I recollect
its technical meaning, arises only in the case
of contracts, where a surety, for instance, pays
a debt, and he oomes in and asks to be sub-
rogated to the rights of the plaintiff. Although
the debt is extinguished, the court upon a
hearing, if no other equities intervene, will
put him in place of the plaintiff. But here the
right of subrogation arises, not from contract,
not upon the action of a court, but from a
wrong, a tort committed by a third party, and
although it is true the courts hold that it re-
quires no technical assigning upon the part of
the insured to vest the insurer with the right,
still these eases aiise more out of oontcacts
out of policies of insurance than they do out
of Buch a cms as we have before us here,
where the money arises or is alleged to arise
from the wrongful act, not of a third party be-
tween individuals, but of a belligerent nation.
Now, Mr. President, it seems to me, espe-
cially in view of the tact that we are called
upon to adjudicate in the first iostanoe upon
the distribution of the money arising out of
the Geneva award—money, let it be said here,
which will be in our Treasury because of the
violation of a rule established after the act
which gave rise to the claim and only made
retroactive by a treaty, and which therefore
could not have entered into the contracts of
insurance that were made-—we ought to pro-
ceed cautiously before we pass any bill which
does not contain rules which may be proper
and just for the purpose of regulating this
question of the rights of insurance companies
to any portion of these funds.
Mr. STEW AKX. Mr. President, the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana and the
rewarks which have been made upon it sug-
gest some very important considerations, it
seems to me, however, that the question is not
involved in so much technical learning as has
been expended upon it. This, if 1 understand
it aright, is a relief bilL By a relief bill we
take oaouey from all the people and give it to
some particular individual who has a better
claim upon the Treasury than the rest of his
tellow-citiaens. It is not a claim that can be
enforced in any court of law. It does not
arise out of any specific contract made by the
Government; but it arises out of a train of
circumstances which it is claimed raises an
equity in favor of somebody that is not enjoyed
by the community generally. I do not think
we have any right to appropriate the money
of the Government, the money of all the peo-
ple, raised by taxation, to any individual
unless it appears that he has a better right to
it than his fellow-citizens.
Now, what is the case of an insurance com-
pany? An insurance company regulates its
charges by the risk to be incurred, and de-
mands pay for that risk. When the risk is
great, as in time of war, their charges are
high, and at those times, 1 believe, it is a his-
torical iaet that the bnsiaess is more lucrative
than at any other. If my information is cor-
rect, and I have taken some little trouble to
investigate that particular point, the insurance
companies, for instance, of the United States
made more money during the recent war thau
at any other Ume previous or subsequent.
That appears to be an established fact.
They took this risk and were paid for it.
Who paid them for it? The individual who
insured in the first instance paid them for it;
but out of whose money did he pay ? He
paid them out of money that he taxed the
fteopte in increased prioes for the commodi-
ties that were insured, and every handker-
chief, every yard of goods, every article of
commerce that was enhanced in value by
means of war was enhaooed for the purpose
of paying these war risks, and the community
generally bore the expense. I do not believe in
the ingenuity of man that the burdens can be
so equally distributed by any act of ours, by
any legislation we can paw to do justice be-
tween parties, as was done in the ordinary
course of trade. The prices of goods rose,
and the whole community paid for the extra
risk. The merchant received it from the
community by getting an enhanoed price for
his goods. When he got that enhanced price
be paid it. to the insurance oompany, so that
it came eut of the general community, and
there is no more equal or fair distribution of
money arising in that way than to let it go into
the public Treasury.
My understanding of this is not that it is
an abstract measure of justice, but it is a
relief bill, and the test is, have these men
shown themselves more entitled than others,
have they suffered extraordinary damages,
have they suffered differently from the general
community? I think insurance companies
are the last parties to be paid for the hazards
of war, because they were paid at the time.
Thousands of others must suffer and cannot
have relief without impoverishing the coun-
try. Hundreds of thousands have lost their
all. No nan is bold enough to propose to
make a redistribution -of the property of this
country so as to make them whole; but here
j is a class of men who were paid for the risks
they took, who were paid for the very identical
thing. Now it is inequitable, it seems to me,
to repay them.
Mr. BDM [TNDS. As I have already stated,
a certain remote interest that I have in the
passage of thiB bill prevents my voting for it,
or against it probably f jbnt it is evident now
that it involves upon the amendment of my
friend from Indiana a question of die utmost
delicacy view of other questions which are
pending ami which have been referred to the !
Committee on the JucUpisrf I mean the ques-
tion of insurance and the question of redress
to which private citizens may or mayaot be
entitled who have suffered loss which- has been
repaid by insurance companies. - d>
I hope the Senate will not take any precip-
itate step upon that question. It is one of
great delicacy, and ought to be carefully invest-
igated and reported upon. Unhappily, as a
matter of fact—I do not say unhappily with a
view to expness any opinion of my own, but
only an perhaps embarrassing the original
attitude of the question—the Supreme Court
of the United States have decidea already that
these niatters of destruction by unlawful seiz-
ures in cases of belligerency are the same
subject of subrogation upon principles of law
that matters of private injury are. The decision
was in a case that arose under the treaty with
Spain of 1819, where we had a composition
similar to this French treaty—not precisely
identical with it—'by which the United States
renounced to Spain all elanu growing out of
unlawful seizures by Spain or by other Powers
covering the very period of time that this bill
covers to a certain degree, including unlawful
seizures by the French of prizeB, so called,
that were carried into Spanish ports and then
adjudicated. The United States by treaty
undertook to renounce to Spain all those
claims and to make them good as far as they
might be proper itself, And it appointed acorn-
mission, much as this bill provides for the
appointment of a commission to determine
those affairs. The commission did determine
and awarded to a certain citizen who was the
owner of a shipa certain sum of money. That
sum of money came in controversy as oetween
his assignees in baakrupcy and the insurance
oompany that had insured his vessel upon a
war risk. The Supreme Court of the United
States deoided (and the decision Is to be found
in the first volume of Peters' Reports) that
even in a case of that character which I have
thus briefly described the right of snbrogation,
unless specially provided against, did exist in
behalf of the insurance company, and that the
insurance company was entitled to take from
the Treasury the Bum of money which was thus
by the commissioners awarded as attributable
to that wrong committed under the authority
of Spain or under the adjudication of her
courts upon our commerce.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator a question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEWART. Would it not be well in
legislation, if in equity the fund would go to
the insurance company, to provide against
that result?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not propose to dis-
cuss that question. It was precisely to ask
the Senate to forbear precipitating discussion
upon this question until we have a full report
that I have risen to speak now at all, for the
reason of the delicacy, as it seems to me, of
the position that I occupy in respect to this
particular bill; bat I have risen in view of the
extreme importance and of the extremely
interesting obaracter of the questions raised
by this amendment of the Senator from In-
diana, to ask the friends of this measure to let
it go over, still continuing it a special order,
until there oan be a report from the Judiciary
Committee wpon the other bill, so that we may
not have committed ourselves either pro or eon
upon these most delicate and interesting ques-
tions untii we shall have theadvantage whatever
it may be—it may not be much—of a fall report
from the committee to which the matter has
been referred, upon the history of these ques-
tions, and upon the precedents, so. that every
Senator can have before him all the informa-
tion that exists upon the topic.
I ask my friend from Pennsylvania, in view
of this suggeston that I have made, to allow
this bill to goover, still maintaining its place as
special order, so that it oan be reached at any
tisae when we shall be in a condition to dis-
cuss fairly and with all the lights we can ob-
tain the most important question proposed by
the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. CAMERON. It is late now, and as we
shall probably do no business to-morrow, I
aoeept the suggestion of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then 11 move that this
bill be postponed until to-morrow, the effect
of which is to leave it still a special order,
keeping its plaoe on the Calendar as such.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator will
not say " to-morrow."
Mr. EDMUNDS. "To-morrow" merely
means that it goes back to its place as aspecial
order, to he called op when the Senate is ready.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senator that the bill has never
been made a speeial order, and this- motion
will pot it back in its place on the Calendar*
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ibe£pardon; I thought
it had been made a special order. Then 1
ask that it be postponed and made the special
order for to-mortow, not with a view of taking
it up to-morrow, but putting it where it can be
fairly reached.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think this bill
or any other ought to be made a special order
at this stage of the session.
Mr. CAMERON. I suppose the better way
would be to let it go over informally. I prom-
ise not to bring it up until this other1 question
is deoided.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not suppose two
thirds can be got to make this bill a special
order. Nothing but a claims bill probably'can
be made a special order, because that is an
act of justice, and this is an aot of policy
which does not fall within the rule. I there-
fore move simply to postpone the bill until to-
morrow. Its friends can take k up at any time-
