THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Mr. DICKEY. I will give the gentleman
the information he asks. We have on hand
of dark blue cloth a quantity which cost the
Government $1,033,373; of Kersey cloth,
$76,823 worth; ofdark blue Kersey, $725,975;
of cloth and canvass and uniforms that can be
W8ed wb have oa hand what cost the Govern-
ment $23,435,821 27. The change of uniform
will idimitiish this amount considerably; but
according to the statements before the commit-
tee from the Quartermaster General, founded
upon the examination of experts, there will
still remain-on hand some $12,000,000 worth
of such property necessary to be preserved.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk concluded the reading of the bill.
Mr. COBURN. I have been requested-to
offer an amendment, to add the following:
Clerks of paymasters of the Army are hereby
plaocd upon the same footing as to pay with clerks
of quartermasters and commissaries of the Army,
under classification to be made by the Secretary of •
War.
Mr. DICKEY. I have no objection to that
amendment being offered. It is an increase
of compensation, and the committee does not
rqcommend it, although it was agreed that this
amendment, and one which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Slocum] moved to make in
order to this bill, should be offered.
Mr. COBURN. Persons connected with
the paymaster's department have spoken to
me in regard to this matter, and stated that the
clerks of paymasters get less compensation
than clerks of equal grade in the commissary
and quartermaster's department. This amend-
ment proposes an increase of from twenty five
dollars to fifty dollars a month. Quartermas-
ters' clerks and commissaries' clerks in this
city get from $125 to $100 a month. Paymas-
ters' clerks get but $100. This proposition in-
creases the pay of paymasters' clerks just that
much. I suppose they cannot be equalized in
any other way.
The reason assigned by the Paymaster Gen-
eral for this proposition is this : that by allow-
ing this increased compensation they can re-
tain a better class of clerks than for $100 a
month. As soon as the clerks get educated
in their business at $100 a month, better
inducements being offered, they go into an
Other business, and paymasters are continu-
ally kept training new clerks. This is the rea-
son assigned by the pay department for ask-
ing for this additional pay, and, according to
request, I submit the proposition to-day to this
committee for its consideration.
Mr. KELLEY. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me for a moment. During last sum-
mer, when I was iu Salt Lake City, Major
Dewey,the paymaster there having an extended
district., with a clerk of four years' experience,
whose integrity had been tried and was un-
doubted—Major Dewey told me himself that
clerk had to leave because the pay would not
enable him to live there ; and he could not get
another clerk at, the rate fixed by law.
Mr. STOUGHTON. This proposition was
before the Committee on Military Affairs, and
without exposing any of the secrets of that
committee I can say no such bill will be re-
ported by it. The proposition was rejected
there, and it, is due to the committee to state
theiacts. Every paymaster has the rank of
major. His pay is tolerably good. He has a
clerk who has a salary of $1,200 a year, which
I pretend to say is a sufficient compensation.
In addition, the clerk has his traveling expenses
paid, and has the sum of $2 50 a day allowed -
for board. He gets as good pay as any clerk
in the Departments. What does the amend-
ment propose? It proposes to place them on
a par with any clerk in the subsistence depart-
ment. You cannot tell how much they will
get; they may get $1,000, or they may get,
$2,000; no one can tell how much they will
get. It should be objected to for the good
reason they get now ail they are entitled to.
This question was before the Military Com-
mittee in a former session of Congress. I
looked over the whole matter. I found that
paymasters' clerks in the Mexican war received
only some six or seven hundred dollars. Dur-
ing the early part of the rebellion the clerks
of paymasters received only $1,000. In time
of peace it was increased to $1,200, and they
are paid their traveling expenses and $2 50
for board. It is now proposed to give them a
still greater increase of compensation. I hope
it will not be done.
Mr. DICKEY. I cannot in consideration
of my own vote and my own practice in this
House oppose this increase of salary; but
out of deference to the sentiment of'this
House expressed yesterday on the subject of
salary, with which I entirely differ, I must
object to this amendment. I am not willing
to give other people pay which the House is
unwilling to vote to its own members.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think it due in
courtesy to an absent member of the House,
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Slocum,]
to move the following amendment which he
asked might be made in order to this bill. I
do not present it as being in favor of it myself,
or that the Committee of Appropriations is in
favor of it; at least they have instructed
nobody to say that they were in favor of it.
The Clerk read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the sixth section
of an act entitled "An act making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
June 30. 1870," approved March 3, 1869, is so far
modified as to authorize and permit the President
of the United States to nominate, and by and with
the advice of the Senate to appoint, one Assistant
Adjutant General in the Army of the United States
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a major in
said department.
Mr: DICKEY. I do not rise to oppose that
amendment, because it is a matter 1 am en-
tirely indifferent to; but the committee will
understand the staff departments of the Army
are closed by general legislation. It was not
the staff had too much rank in proportion to
the number of line officers and men. This is
exceptional legislation in giving one of the
three vacancies which exist in the Adjutant
General's office. Appeals have been made
in favor of the Surgeon General's office and
the commissary and quartermaster's depart-
ments. It is a question for the House whether,
in the language of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Niblack,] it will take the first inch.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DICKEY". I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Tyner
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the special order under consideration, a
bill (H. R. No. 3850) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing June 30, 1874, and had directed him to
report the same back to the House with sun-
dry amendments.
Mr. DICKEY. I move the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER. Is there a separate vote
demanded on any of the amendments? If
no separate vote is asked, they will be con-
sidered as concurred in.
No separate vote was asked, and the amend-
ments were concurred in.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. DICKEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
counting the presidential vote.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution :
Resolved, That on Wednesday, February 12, the
ladies' gallery on tho east side of the Hall shall be
reserved for the ladies of the Cabinet, the .Senate,
and the House; the ladies' gallery on the west side,
and that portion of the gentlemen's gallery on the
west side of the Hall, shall also be reserved exclu-
sively for ladies; and the galleries shall not be
opened till half past eleven o'clock.
The SPEAKER. This is the usual arrange-
ment made for this particular day.
The resolution was adopted.
HOUR Of MEETING.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unan-
imous consent to offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That on and after Thursday morning
next the sessions of the House shall begin at eleven
o'clock a. m.
Mr. CROSSLAND. I object.
order op business.
The SPEAKER- Several gentlemen who
were n-ot in their seats yesterday, when their
States were called, desire to offer resolutions
and bills for reference. The Chair will now
recognize gentlemen for that purpose.
public lands in nevada.
Mr. KENDALL, by unanimous consent,
presented a memorial and joint resolution of
the Legislature of Nevada, relative to public
lands in that State; which were referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. KENDALL also, by unanimous consent,
presented a memorial and joint resolution of
the Legislature of Nevada, relative to extend-
ing the Government survey over the public
lands in that State; which were referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
commissioners op commerce.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3924) to provide
for the creation of a board of commissioners
of commerce; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
signal service.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquire into the expediency of connect-
ing the signal service with the light-house and life-
saving sta.ion system of the country, by means of
the electric telegraph, and report by bill or other-
wise.
j. b. wheeler.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, by
unanimous consent, introduced a bill (II.
R. No. 3925) to enable the Secretary of the
Treasury to adjust the accounts of J. B.
Wheeler, topographical engineer; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
globis works of boston.
Mr. BU FLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. li. No.
3926) for the relief of the Globe Works of
Boston, Massachusetts ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
executors of paul curtis.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also, by
unanimous consent, introduced a bill (H It. No'.
•"927) for the relief of the executors of Paul
Curtis ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
curtis and tildes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also, by
unanimous consent, introduced a bill (H. II.
No 3928) for the relief of Curtis & Tilden ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and or-
dered to be punted.
atlantic works of boston
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also, by
