308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Prindle, Randall, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice,
Ritchie. W. R. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt. Sco- |
field, Seeiey, Shanks, Shellabarger, Shober, Shoe- I
maker, Slater, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder,
Storm, Stowell, Sutherland, Thomas, Dwight Town-
send, Tyner, Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddell, Wal-
den, Walls. Warren, Wells, Whiteley, Williams of
New York, and John T. Wilson—85.
During the roll-call,
Mr. VAN TRUMP stated that he was paired
upon this question with Mr. Williams, of
New York.
So the motion was agreed to.
Before the announcement of the vote, by
unanimous consent, the following proceedings
occurred:
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence for
two days was granted to Mr. Harris, of Vir-
ginia, and Mr. Duke.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Van Trump for to-day and
to-morrow.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence
was granted to Mr. Seeley, on account of
sickness, indefinitely.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence
was granted to Mr. Price until the 12th of
January.
printing of an amendment.
On motion of Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, an
amendmeut proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
748) was ordered to be printed.
revenue-cutter service.
The SPEAKER, Tsy unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting a draft of a
bill for retiring certain officers of the revenue-
cutter service ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
san antonio arsenal.
Tne SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Navy, in relation to an appropriation for
the purchase of certain property adjoining the
San Antonio arsenal, San Antonio, Texas;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
increased issue of treasury notes.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the House of the 3d of December, 1872,
transmitting information in relation to the
increased issue of legal- tender notes in October
last, &c.; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency, and ordered to
be printed.
cherokee fund.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior in relation to the
definite application of a portion of the funds
due or that may accrue to the •. Cherokee
nation from the sale of their lands by the
United States; which was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be priuted.
purchase of lands in washington
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to an
additional appropriation to complete the pur-
chase of squares Numbered 687 and 688, in this
city: which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
quartermaster's office.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the contin-
gent expenses of the Quartermaster General's
office; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
assistant treasurer new york city.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a draft
of a bill for the relief of the Assistant Treas-
urer of the United States at New York city ;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
maps, ciiarts, etc.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to an
appropriation for the expense of preparing,
engraving, and publishing maps, charts, and
geological and other illustrations ; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
ottowa indian trust fund bond.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, relative to the dis-
position of the Ottowa Indian trust fund bond ;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
sac, fox, and other indian tribes.
. The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the .
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the
recent survey of the line dividing the Creek
receded lands, upon which the Sac and Fox
and the Seminole Indians have reservations ;
which was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, and ordered to be printed. j
stoves for the a&my. |
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to an increased
appropriation for the purchase of stoves for
the Army ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
cheyennes and arapahoes.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the
southern Cheyennes and Arapahoes, for the
release of lands receded to them by the second
article of the treaty of October 28,1867; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
legislation in the district of columbia.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Governor of the District of Columbia, in com-
pliance with an act of the Legislative Assem-
bly to revise the statutes in force in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
highways in washington and georgetown.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House the report on the
improvements of the harbors of Washington
and Georgetown ; which was referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
david w. stockstill.
Mr. McKINNEY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3260) for the
relief of David W. Stockstill, of Sidney, Ohio;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
leave of absence.
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence for to-day and to-mor-
row.
Mr. MANSON, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave of absence until after the holidays.
deficiency appropriation bill.
In pursuance of order, the House resolved
itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Scofield in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 3131) making appropriations
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
was last in session the pending amendment
was that moved by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Storm], which the Clerk will
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out the proviso on page 3 and insert:
And provided further, That no part of the money
hereby appropriated shall be paid by the Secretary
of the Interior except for improvements actually
made around Government reservations, to be meas-
ured and computed by three engineers from the
Army, to bedetailedby the chief of engineers for that
purpose, in the same manner as provided in the act
making an appropriation for paving Pennsylvania
avenue opposite the Government property, and that
all bills, accounts, and vouchers shall be accom-
panied by a certifioate from the chairman of the Com-
mittees of the Senate and House of Representatives
on Public Buildings and Groupds, certifying to the
correctness of the prices charged, and the quality of
the improvements made.
The question being put, the amendment was
disagreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I offer the following amend-
ment :
In ljne forty-five strike out all after the word
" necessary" and insert " that the chief of the corps
of engineers is hereby required to cause said im-
provements to be carefully examined and strictly
measured by three officers of said corps of engin-
eers, who shall report to him the results of said
examination and measurement; and ito payment
shall be made on the accounts and vouchers for said
improvements until their correctness is certified to
by said chief of the corps of engineers."
The question being put, the amendment was
disagreed to—ayes 42, noes 83.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Add to the proviso the following:
And provided further. That the said Board of Pub-
lic Works be, and they are hereby, prohibited from
incurring or contracting further liabilities on be-
half of the United States in the improvement of
streets, avenues, and reservations beyond the
amount of appropriations previously made by Con-
gress, and from entering into any contract touching
such improvements on behalf of the United States,
except in pursuance with appropriations made by
Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
point of order on that amendment that it
changes the law in regard to the powers of the
board.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is exactly in accordance
with what I understood the gentleman to suie
was the law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It eertaiuly does
not change the law.
Mr. HOLMAN. It simply prohibits t x-
peuditures hereafter beyond the appropriations
made.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
The committee divided; and the amend
ment was agreed to—ayes 68, noes 55.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the committee rise and report the bill as
amended.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the stale of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the state of the Uni 'U
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R No.
3131) making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ei.dinj;
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes, mid
had directed him to report the same wiili
amendments.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move thepr -
vious question on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. Two amendments are
reported. Is a separate vote dt-manded on
c&ch ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Only on that
adopted in committee on the motion of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.]
