m2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
deal of deliberation, the committee have con-
eluded to report this general bill to enlarge the
jurisdiction of the commissioners of claims in
legard 'to three specific matters. The first
Sterfe is rent and use of buildings, which we
have been allowing all along in acts of Con-
gress, -without objection, and to which there
seems to be hone. No reason is apparent why
the commissioners of claims should not take
jurisdiction of such matters, as well as others
■which have been confided' to them.
Then there are two other subjects. A great
many claims arising from the taking of stores
and supplies by the Army in passing through
the southern country have come before us,
and we find that in many cases articles which
have been taken and used by the Army, and
which were just as useful as those technically
called "stores and supplies,"and were taken
in the same manner, do not fall within the
technical denomination in such a way that
they can be allowed. Among these are pota-
toes—the sweet potatoes of the South. In
the claims that have come before the commis-
sioner's it will be found that many of them are
for sweet, potatoes. These were as useful to •
the Army, and were taken for the same reason
as was eorn. The committee 'are unable to
sfe.e any reason why we should pay for corn
taken for the use of the Army, and not for
sweet potatoes taken at the same time, in the
same manner, and for precisely the same pur-
pose.' So we have decided to include this
rf6m.
There is one other item ; that is tobacco.
When General Sherman's army was passing
through the South—in Georgia and that re-
gion—it happened in several instances that
the men were far away from the suttlers and
from all persons who had tobacco to sell; and
though the committee, I believe, are not dis-
. posed to enter into the question, which does
not really belong to us—the moral aspects con-
nected with the use of tobacco—yet we think
that for tobacco regularly taken in this way it
is proper that claims of loyal citizens, duly
aathenticated, should be allowed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Stmp-
soir, one of its clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the following titles ; in
which the concurrence of the House was
An act (S. No. 1444) to authorize the Presi-
dent to appoint George Henry Preble, now a
captain on the active list of the Navy, to be a
commodore;
An act (S. No. 1438) to provide for the pay-
ment of certain wages to seamen in foreign
countries;
An act (S. No. 1192) for the relief of Charity
Lodge No. 311 of Free and Accepted Masons,
of Harper's Ferry, West Virginia;
An act (S. No. 1443) for the relief of the
heirs of the late Thomas Lavvson, deceased ;
An act (S. No. 1442) for the relief of Henry
B. Janes;
An act (S. No. 1472) to enable William D.
Ludlow to make application to the Commis-
sioner of Patents for the extension of letters-
patent for an improvement in refrigerators ;
Aa  et (S, No. 1399) permitting Lieutenant
Iheodore B. M. Mason, of the Navy, to accept
a decoration from the emperor of Brazil;
An act (S. No. 1413) to authorize the
appointment of a, captain of scouts 5
An act (S. No. 1427) to establish the custom-
house value of the sovereign or pound ster-
ling of Great Britain and to fix the par of
exchange; and
An act (S. No. 1480) for the relief of W. W.
iilhott.
The message further announced that the
senate1 had passed without amendment House
bills of the following titles :
An act (H. R. No. 1626) to confirm certain
entries of lands therein named ;
An act (H. R, No. 1775) for the relief of
Kitty Ann Smith, widow of Thomas Smith ;
and James A. Stevens, of the Cromwell Home
Guards, of Ohio county, Kentucky ;
An act (H. R. No. 2437) granting a pension
to Martin Zeeb ;
An act (H. R. No. 2438) granting a pension
to Mrs. Mary Davis, of Philadelphia ;
An act (H. R. No. 2593) to readjust the
western boundary of Dakota Territory;
An act (H. R. No. 2629) amendatory of an
act setting aside certain proceeds of internal
revenue for the erection of peuitentiaries in
the Territories of Nebraska, Washington, Col-
orado, Idaho, Montana, Arizona, and Dakota,
approved January 22, 1867 ;
An act (H. R. No. 3789) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to refund the differ-
ential duty on articles actually on shipboard
in French vessels destined for the United
States on the 5th of November, 1872 ;
An act (H. R. No. 3399) to provide for
obtaining information of the Condition of banks
organized under State laws;
An act (H. R. No. 2620) to remit the excise
taxes upon alcohol used by universities and
colleges for scientific purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 693) for the relief of
Charles Triehler, of the county of Adams,
Ohio;
An act (H. R. No. 3367) for the relief of
Emma B. Gardner, the widow of Lieutenant
W. F. Gardner; and
An act (H. R. No. 2979) for the relief of
Robert K. Enbody.
JURISDICTION OP CLAIMS COMMISSION.
Mr. BANKS. Is the business of this even-
ing's session limited to reports from the Com-
mittee of Claims?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
so understands.
Mr. BANKS. Then no proposition in
regard to bills just received from the Senate
will be in order ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will not.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. As I was about
to say, the committee did not enter into the
moral aspects of the tobacco question at all,
but finding in many cases a large quantity of
tobacco in warehouses was taken possession
of by the Army, under the orders of General
Sherman himself, and distributed to the troops,
there seemed tobe no reason why there should
not be payment for it when takerr by compe-
tent authority and distributed in this way. It
seemed to be one of the necessities of the
occasion, and I think there ought not to be
any objection to it.
It will be observed the bill enlarges the
general jurisdiction of the claims commission
by providing that the words "stores and sup-
plies" shall be taken to include potatoes and
tobacco and buildings when so taken by com-
petent military authority and used by the
Army. When the bill passes and becomes a
law it will authorize the claims commission
to consider such cases in like manner as they
consider cases now referred to them. I desire
to say nothing further, and ask for a vote on
the bill.
Mr. BURCHARD. Has it been decided
that potatoes and tobacco are not included in
the designation of " stores and supplies ?"
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. The commission
haveheld that the words "stores andsupplies"
include only what are technically known as
stores and supplies by Army regulations. And
there is the difficulty. A great many of these
claims went before the commission on the ex-
pectation they could be allowed, but the com-
mission has decided that stores and supplies
are what they mean in the Army and that
nothing can be allowed for stores and supplies
except what are distributed as such to the
Army under regulations.
Mr. BURCHARD. I did not hear the gen-
tleman's explanation in regard to rent and
occupaucy of buildings used by troops.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I simply said
in regard to rent and occupancy of buildings
that it has been the habit of Congress all
along, at least daring the present Congress, to
pass bills allowing the claims for rent and
occupation of buildings. A great many have
been passed, so many indeed as to establish
it as a rule they ought to be allowed.
Mr. BURCHARD. There is the possibility
that provision may be abused where buildings
were only occupied by the Army temporarily,
and where there was no case of rental or per-
manent occupancy. It seems to me that pro-
vision should be more carefully guarded.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. It will be seen
it is all left to the commissioners. They are
very safe about such things. I could not see
any way in which it could be better guarded.
Rent and occupation are well understood in
law.
Mr. HALE. Is it not the belief of the gen-
tleman these changes in the law which enlarge
the jurisdiction of this commission will open
a large class of claims involving large sums of
money?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. -No, sir; not a
very large amount. Rent and occupation of
buildings will be the largest, very much the
largest; but that is so well settled by Congress
I believe much less will be taken'if allowances
are made by the commission than if they are
made here. The other two will be quite
small.
The bill was again read.
Mr. HALE. Let me offer an amendment
which strikes out everything relating to rent
and occupancy of houses, leaving the others,
to which I have no objection.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I think I will
allow that amendment to be offered.
Mr. KERR. I desire to make an inquiry
of the chairman of the Committee of Claims.
I wish to know how extensive the claims based
on the use of buildings are expected to be ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I have not much
means of answering the question of the gen-
tleman. All I know is a great many such
claims have been made, and from the char-
acter of them and their surroundings I think
there must be others; how extensive they are
I am not able to tell. As I said before, I he
committee have included this in the bill be-
cause Congress has always allowed it. It is
quite impossible to resist it in any fair case.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the per-
mission of the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Blair] to move to strike out "tobacco.'' I
do not propose this because I do not think it
proper to consider it at all, but it seems to me
that it stands on a different ground trom pota-
toes. In issuing Army rations it was usual to
issue potatoes in lieu of other portions of the
rations, but it was not usual to issue tobacco
as a commutation for any other thing in the
Army rations. Tobacco, indeed, was some-
times issued to the Army ; but it was certainly
looked for as a luxury, and not as any part of
the regular Army rations.
Mr.^ HAWLEY, of Connecticut. It was
one of the articles furnished by the Govern-
ment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not during the
war.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. It was in
the latter part of the war.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Army
commanders had the right to take vegetables,
cabbage, for instance, or potatoes, or any-
thing that might be considered a protective
against scurvey and other camp diseases, and
issue them as commutation for other things m
the regular Army rations. I see no reai-on
why all that sort of supplies which came in as
commutation for the regular rations might not
be included in these claims. But I think to-
bacuo is an exception, and I hope the gentle-
man will allow the amendment to strike that
out.
I desire to say just one word as to the rent
ot houses. I cau conceive of cases where
