310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
privilege was declared to extend to parties in
possession prior to January 1, 1871, or some
other definite date; thus protecting them to
that extent. Thereupon arose the disagree-
ment between the two Houses. One com-
mittee of conference appointed at the last
session disagreed. A second committee was
then appointed, and I was informed a few days
ago for the first time that I was a member of
that committee. We have met; and after a
free conference the committee unanimously
agreed to recommend the amendment of the
Senate bill so as to insert the reason for its
passage—the special reason why this release is
made by the Government—the fact that the
land had been reclaimed at the expense of the
8tate and the State's assignees. For a great
deal of money has been expended by the men in
possession in making drains and in widening
them so as to benefit their lands.
The committee does not make this a prece-
dent for the future. It does not say the bodies
of water in the several States not surveyed by
the Government shall be conveyed to those
States; but we say by this bill, especially in
this case, that the equities are so strongly in
favor of the case of these persons "in posses-
sion that the Government ought not to go on
and make a survey of the lands, which sur-
vey has already been made at the expense of
these other parties and which the Government
did not regard of sufficient value to survey
when the Government surveys were being
made, and which, if surveyed, at that time
would have passed to the State of Indiana
without any legislation whatever, as swamp
lands.
This bill, Mr. Speaker, does not undertake
to determine between the State of Indiana
and the settlers. The settlers themselves, so
fer as I can understand, are satisfied with this
bill.
Mr. HOAR. An of them?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Some of them. The
attorneys of some of the proprietors say
that it is satisfactory to them, and f know noth-
ing to the contrary. It is fair to presume the
State of Indiana will deal fairly with its own
citizens, and especially where the State has
Bold to its citizens. Now, whatever title the
State gets will only go to complete the title
which the State has heretofore given to these
parties to whom it has sold. I believe it is
a well-settled principle of law that whatever
title is given by a State takes with it whatever
perfection of title the State may afterward
acquire.
Mr. HOAR. I know nothing about this
case except what I have learned from reading
the report. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman whether the State of Indiana has
given to these parties now in possession any
warranty deed for the lands which they hold ?
Mr. FARNS WORTH. The 8tate of In-
diana has given them, of course, a patent to
the lands which they hold.
Mr. HOAR. But has it given them any
warranty deed?
Mr, FARN S WORTH. It amounts to about
the same thing. A State never gives a warranty
deed. The State has given them a patent, and
the patent amounts to the same thing as a
warranty deed. At all events these parties
are willing to trust the State of Indiana, and
I am sure I am. I understand from the gen-
tleman from Indiana behind me that these
settlers are satisfied with this. It is about as
fair to presume that the 8tate of Indiana will
deal liberally with its citizens as that the Uni-
ted States will deal fairly with the settlers. A
portion of the land is now held, as I have said,
by the men in possession, and not by the State,
the title coming from the man who makes the
original claim and who helped to drain the
lake. As to the point made by the gentleman,
however, this bill leave* the 8tate of Indiana
to deal with these parties, and the Legislature
of the State and the courts of the State of
Indiana will have tosettle any questions which
may arise between those settlors and the State
itself. The State has collected taxes from
those settlers, thus recognizing the title of
these parties holding possession, and it will
be for the courts of Indiana to determine
whether that does not estop the State, whether
the doctrine of estoppel does not come in,
whether the State alter collecting taxes and
thus recognizing the ownership of these par-
ties in possession it can avail itself of any
authority under this law to deny their title.
However that may be, Mr. Speaker, as I
have stated, the settlers are content with this
bill. They are united iu this matter. It only
rests as between them and the authorities of
the United States whether the Government
shall survey this land thus drained and exact
from them a further consideration for it, or
shall release it to the State for their benefit.
Mr. TAFFE. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman from Illinois what proportion of
this land not patented to the parties by the
State is held under this claim of riparian own-
ership. In other words, if the party enters a
legal subdivision of forty, eighty, or one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land he claims a sec-
tion or two running into a lake as the ripa-
rian owner. Aa the gentleman has referred
to that I would ask him what portion of these
lands not patented by the State is claimed as
riparian ownership?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. About one half.
Mr. TAFFE. I ask whether the courts of
Indiana are not competent to settle that ques-
tion, and whether these parties are proper
claimants under the doctrine of riparian own-
ership ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think the courts
of Indiana are competent to decide the ques-
\ tion.
] Mr. TAFFE. Then there is no use of the
State coming here.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield ten minutes
to the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Dux
HELL.]
H18&AGK FROM IHK PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. BABCOCK,,hU Private Secretary,
informed the House that the President had
approved and signed bills of the following
titles:
An act (H. R. No. 827) to authorize the con-
struction of bridges across the Ohio river, and
to prescribe the dimensions of the same ;
An act (H. R. No. 2027) for the relief of
William Howard; and
An act (H. R. No. 3123) to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to transport in a Gov-
ernment vessel, free of duty, a monument de-
signed by Admiral Porter to be erected in the
grounds of the Naval Academy at Annapolis,
in memory of theofficeru, seamen, and marines
who fell in defense of the Union.
MESSAGE FROM THE 3KHATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sOk, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had passed without amend-
ment bills of the House of the following title3:
A bill (H. R. No. 2990) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States, for the year
ending June 80, 1874;
A bill (H. R. No. 2775) for the relief of ;
Samuel B. Elliott, late acting purser of the
United States vessel of war The Flirt; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2900) for the relief of
8. D. Cochran.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed the bill (H. R. No.
3248) to amend the one hundred and thirty
third and one hundred and thirty fourth sec-
tions of an act approved June 8,1772, entitled
"An act to revise, consolidate, and amend the
statutes relating to the Post Office Depart-
ment," with amendments ; in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
jt ,Tlre.m'C38agg also informed the House that
tra Seriate had passed a joint resolution (S.
R. No. 9) extending the time for the present-
ation and selection of models of a colossal
statue of the late Admiral Farragut; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker's
table the House bill No, 8248, just received
from the Senate, for the purpose of asking the
House to concur in the Senate amendments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would suggest that
we should first dispose of the conference re-
port now before the House.
Mr. BANKS. I am advised by various
members that the conference report presented
by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
wortb] is going to occupy some hours. I hope
the gentleman will not press its consideration
further now, but will allow us to have bills
passed which are necessary to be passed. I
am told that if the measure of the gentleman
from Illinois is pressed it is likely to occupy
the whole day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What measure ?
Mr. BANKS. The conference report the
geutleman has made. There are a number of
speeches, I understand, to be made on it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It will not occupy
much time. I have yielded ten minutes to the
gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Dunnkll,]
and am prepared to call the previous question
as soon as that gentleman has finished his
remarks or before he proceeds.
Mr. BANKS. If that is done I shall be
satisfied.
POSTAGE ON 8EEDS, 0UTTINSS, ETO.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I again ask
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker's
! table the bill (H. R. No. 3248) to amend the one
) hundred and thirty-third and one hundred and
thirty-fourth sections of an act approved June
8, 1872, entitled "An act to revise, consolid-
ate, and amend the statutes relating to the
Post Office Department," for the purpose of
asking the House to concur in the Senate
amendments. It is the bill in regard to the
postage on seeds, cuttings, Ac. The amend-
ments'are three. The first strikes out the ref-
erence to the one hundred and thirty-fourth sec-
tion, because that is not required to be amended.
, The second amendment, instead of two cents
| for four ounces, makes the rate one cent for
j two ounces. The third requires the postage
to be prepaid. To these amendments there
can be no objection.
There beiug no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 3248) with Senate amendments was taken
from the Speaker's table.
I The SPEAKER pro tempore. The amend-
ments of the Senate will be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
1 _ In line one of the bill strike out the word " sec-
tions" and insert the word "seotion." In lines one
and two of the bill strike out the word? "and one
hundred and thirty-four."
In line eight of the bill strike out the words " two
oents on every four ounces" and insert, the words
one cent, for each two ounces or."
At the end of the hill add the following:
Provided, That all mail matter of the third clasff
must be prepaid in full in postage stamps at tlie
office of mailing.
Amend the title so as to read as follows: "An act
to amend the one hundred and thirty-third section
of an act approved June 8,1872, entitled 'An act to
reviBe, consolidate, and amend the statutes relating
to the Post Office Department.'"
Mr. MAYNARD. Let the bill be read as
it will be, as amended.
The Clerk read as follows :
That section one hundred and thirty-three of the
act entitled "An act to revise, consolidate, and
amend the statutes relating to the Post Office De-
partment,' approved June 8, 1872, be so amended as
to authorize the transmission by mail of packages
of seeds, cuttings, bulbs, roots, and scions of any
weight for each of such packages not exceeding four
pounds at the rate of postage of one cent for each
two ounces, or fraction of an ounce, for such package
or .packages: Provided, That all mail matter of the
third class must bo prepaid in full in postage
stamps at the office of mailing.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
