1274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Morey, "William E. Niblaek, Orr, Palmer, Hosea
W. Parker, Peck, Perry, Peter,s, Poland, Potter,
Price, Prindle, Rainey, John M. Rice, William R.
Roberts, Sion li. Rogers, Roosevelt, Sargent, Seeley,
Sessions, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shober, Shoemaker,
Sloeum, H. Boardman Smith, Worthington 0. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Speer, Sprague, Sutherland, Swann,
Sypher, Taffe, DwightTownsend, Washington Town-
send, .Tuthill, Van Trump, Voorhees, Waddell, Wal-
den, Wheeler. Whiteley, Whitthorne. Williams of
New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T.Wilson,
Winchester, and Wood—114.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. UPSON said : I desire to say that Mr.
Monboe, my colleague, is absent this evening
on account of sickness.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I move to amend
the title of the bill so that it will read :
A bill to amend section two of an act making
appropriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30,1872, and for other purposes,
and the acts amendatory thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which, the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGH J. MORTIMER.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, also, from the
same committee, reported a bill (H. R. No.
3939) for the relief of George J. Mortimer;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to George J. Mortimer, of Missis-
sippi, the sum of $8,255, the amount of' an
award made by the commissioners of claims
under the act of March 3, 1871, and which
shall be in full satisfaction for all claims
against the Government on account of prop-
erty taken belonging to the said Mortimer on
which the said award was made.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
philip pendleton.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3940)
for the relief of Philip Pendleton; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to reopen and readjust
the accounts of Major Philip Pendleton, late
a paymaster iu the United States Army, and
to allow him such additional credits on account
of errors in amounts of money received by him
as such paymaster as the said accounting offi-
cers may deem just and reasonable, not exceed-
ing $14,374 50.
Mr. KERR. Is that bill accompanied bv a
report?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. My colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holmas,] was authorized to report this
bill, and he drew up a very elaborate report
upon it. He is not here to-night, and I cannot
lay tny hand on the report. This bill does
nothing except to authorize this account to be
reopened and readjusted. It is simply for the
purpose of allowing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to correct mistakes, if there be any.
Mr. COBURN. I observe that the bill
names a sum which may be construed as an
amount intended to be allowed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I will consent
to the striking out of the amount named ; I
think it would be better to name no amount.
Mr. COBURN. I find that these limita-
tions are generally construed as an allowance
up to the amount named.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I move to
amend by striking out the words " not exceed-
ing the sum of $14,374 50."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
and read a third time; and being en-
, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, from the Committee
of Claims, reported adversely upon the fol-
lowing ; which were laid on the table, and the
reports ordered to be printed:
The bill (H. R. No. 2580) for the relief of
Caleb Kerr, of Jackson county, Missouri;
The petition of William fl. Reid, of Chicago,
and others, for compensation for services of a
steamboat and crew in 1865 and 1866, and for
expenses incurred ; and
The petition of William L. Berry, praying
compensation for loss incurred in the burning
of a distillery.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill and petitions were laid
on the table; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had disagreed to the amendment of the
House to the bill (S. No. 686) for the relief
of Horace Tyler ; asked a conference with the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed as con-
ferees on the part of the Senate Mr. Scott,
Mr. West, and Mr. Davis.
The message also announced that the Senate
had receded from its third amendment to the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) to enable
the people of the United States to participate
in the advantages of the international exposi-
tion to be held in Vienna in 1873, and had
agreed to the amendment of the House to the
first amendment of the Senate with an amend-
ment.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed House bills of the following
titles, with amendments, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested :
An act (H. R. No. 1868) for the relief of
Elias C. Boudinot;
An act (H. R. No. 2959) to regulate the
taking of testimony in certain cases ;
An act (H. R. No. 1325) to remove the dis-
abilities of certain persons therein named ;
An act (H. R. No. 187) to amend an act
entitled "An act to prevent smuggling, and for
Other purposes," approved July 18, 1866;
^ An act (H. R. No. 3444) for the relief of
Edmund Jussen; and
An act (H. R. No. 3274) to establish cer-
tain post roads.
WILLIAM J. M'lNTYRE.
Mr. FOSIER, of Ohio, from the Committee
of Claims, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it pass, a bill (H. R. No. 1655) for
payment for services performed by William J.
Mclntyre.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay William
J- Mclntyre, late a lieutenant in the eleventh
Illinois infantry volunteers, out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of $199 20. the same being the differ-
ence between the pay of a second lieutenant
of infantry and a hospital steward, from the
7th day of August, 1864, to the 30th day of
October, 1864.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed -and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. POSTER, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid' on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
f. w. t'ek.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it pass, a bill (H. R. No. 207'J) for
tbe relief F. W. Fee, late lieutenant of the
first Kentucky infantry volunteers.
The bill was read. It authorizes the proper
accounting officers of the Government to
credit Lieutenant F. W. Fee, late regimental
quartermaster of the first Kentucky infantry
volunteers, with the amount of certain vouch-
ers made to him in return for the disburse-
ment or other use of Government funds and
stores by him while serving, during the late
war of the rebellion, as regimental, or acting
brigade, division, or post quartermaster, or as
regimental, or acting brigade, division, or post
commissary of subsistence, which were burned
or otherwise destroyed by the rebel forces at
McMinnville, Tennessee, on or about the 2d of
October, 1863, in such measure as such credit
or relief shall appear to such accounting offi-
cers, upon examination, to be justified.
Mr. BIRD. I ask whether there is a report
in this case? 'And if so, I ask that it be read.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. There is a report
in this case.
The report, which was read, states that the
claimant was mustered into the service in
June, 1861, lieutenant and quartermaster of
the first regiment Kentucky volunteers, and
served in that capacity until June, 1864; that
during this time he performed the duties of
regimental, brigade, and post quartermaster,
and sometimes performed the duties and as-
sumed the responsibility of two or more of
said positions at the same time; that since
August, 1861, he has not settled his accounts
as said quartermaster for the reason that from
his activity in the line of his duty he was un-
able to forward his accounts for settlement,
not having suitable and proper clerks for that
purpose; that the claimant alleges that about
September, 1863, he was prepared to forward
his accounts, vouchers, &c., but owing to the
impending battle and the movements of the
Army preceding that battle he was obliged to
send his stores and accounts to McMinnville,
Tennessee, for better safety ; that said stores,
accounts, and vouchers reached McMinnville
in safety; that on the 7th of October, 1863,
the post of McMinville wa3 attacked by con-
federates under General Wheeler, and was on
the same day captured, and with it the claim-
ant's accounts, vouchers, &c., which were
there burned and destroyed ; that by reason
of the loss of such accounts, vouchers, &c.,
he is unable to make proper settlement of his
accounts with the Government; and that as
House bill No. 2079 gives the accounting offi-
cers of the Government equity jurisdiction of
the case, and renders it incumbent upon the
claimaut to render such satisfactory explana-
tions and proof to said accounting officers as
appear to them proper and necessary, the
committee are of the opinion it is only a mat-
ter of simple justice to the claimant, and
thereupon report it back with the recommend-
ation that it do pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read athird time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr, FOSTER, of^ Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
