1276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
months after the passage of the act, to the
Court of Claims, under and in compliance
with the rales and regulations of the court,
and the court shall have jurisdiction to hear
and determine and render judgment upon the
same.; provided that the investigation of said
claim shall be made upon the following basis:
the court shall ascertain the additional cost
vihich was necessarily incurred by the con-
tractors for building the river and harbor mon-
itors Catawba and Oueoto, in the completion
of the same, by reason of any changes or altera
tions in the plans and specifications required,
and delays in the prosecution of the work,
which were not provided for in the original
contract, but no allowance for any advance in
the price of labor or material shall be consid-
ered, unless such advance occurred during the
prolonged term for completing the work ren-
dered necessary by theJelay resulting from the
action ,of the Government aforesaid, and then
only when such advance could not have been
avoided by the exercise of ordinary prudence
and diligence on the part of the contractors ;
and provided further, that the compensation
fixed by the contract between the contractors
«,ud the Government for specific alterations
shall he conclusive as to the compensation to
be.made therefor ; and provided further, that
all moneys paid to said contractors by the
Government over and above the original con-
tract price for the building of the vessel shall
be deducted from any amounts allowed by the
court by reason of the matters hereinbefore
stated; and provided further, that if any of
such changes caused less work and expense to
the contractors than the original plans and
specifications, a corresponding reduction shall
be made from the contract price, and the
amount thereof be deducted from any allow-
ance to be made by said court.to said claimants.
Mr. ARCHER. Before a vote is taken 011
this bill, I would like to hear some explana-
tion with regard to this claim. These vessels
were built by order of the Secretary of the
Navy under contracts. Extra work was after-
ward paid for. A board was appointed by the
Secretary of the Navy, and many of these con-
tractors came before them and they were
allowed enormous sums of money; and now,
after all these payments and after the lapse of
years, we see another bill brought in to allow
them to carry their claims before the Court of
Claims. I should like very much to hear
some reason why these claims should again be
brought before some department of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. X yield to the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Frye.]
Mr. FRYE. I will explain as briefly as I
can to the House why action has been taken
on these iron-clad bills to the number of eight
'or ten. The gentleman has well said that
these matters have once been referred. In
I8G2, when it became absolutely necessary that
we should build up a navy in this country, the
Secretary of the Navy made contracts for the
building of what are known as double-ended
vessels or iron-clads. He also made contracts
for machinery all over the country, engaging
all the skilled mechanics in all this broad land
of ours to build up a navy with which to carry
OB the war in which we were then engaged.
I he Government caused by its own action, as
every one admits, delay after delay. They
changed entirely the nature of the vessels to
be built, making a vessel contracted for to
draw seven feet to draw nine and a half feet,
changing entirely the architecture of the ships.
What was the result? The result was that
vessels contracted to be completed in one hun-
dred and twenty-six days were, most of them,
not completed even within a year and a half
or two years thereafter. What was the result
of this? Why, it was this: the war was going
on and our country, for purpose of imposing
the necessary taxation, was levying new duties
on every material entering into the construc-
tion of ships and iuternal taxes. They were
also making drafts and exempting from drafts
the skilled mechanics of their own yards, thus
luring into their own yards all the skilled
mechanics of the yards, so as to withdraw them
from the yards of those with whom they had
contracted.
Thusthe actual cost of the vessels contracted
for in 1862 was twice what it would have been
but for the delay caused by the Government
of the United States. That was admitted
everywhere and J>y everybody. Then the Sen-
ate of the United States authorized these
claimants to go before a board appointed by
the Secretary of the Navy, and to that ex
tent ex parte. That board consisted of a com-
modore, who had charge of a navy-yard, and
after the -war had charge of the Philadelphia
navy yard ; of one of the most skillful engin-
eers in the Navy, and of a paymaster who was
one of the most skillful accountants in the
Navy. That board sat in New York for seven
long months. They listened to the testimony
of all these parties and scrutinized it with the
utmost care. And not only that, they brought
on, oii behalf of the Government, witness after
witness; they brought on Naval Constructor
Poke, Naval Constructor Delano, men whose
reputations are not by any means bounded by
the limits of the United States.' They brought
on their engineers; they examined the sub-
ject with all the care that, under any possible
circumstances, a court could do. And then
that board made report to the Senate of the
United States. But the Senate, instead of
adopting the report of that board, as they
were in duty bound to do, passed a resolution
to pay these men twelve per cent, over and
above their contract price, thus paying the
men who built the double-ender in full, and
paying to the Globe Works in Boston, who
built the machinery, not five per cent, of the
loss they suffered.
Now, I admit that subsequent to that there
was another board, known as the Marchand
board. That board sat here in the city of
Washington. It was a star chamber court;
it allowed no man to come before it; no man,
of all these claimants, was heard before it. It
took what evidence was left, from the Selfridge
board. It made its own rules; it established
its own technicalities. It threw out nine
tenths of all these vessels where allowances
had been made by the Selfridgeboard. With-
out right and without reason it reported in
favor of paying half a dozen men about all
that they claimed, and paying not one dollar
to all the rest of the twenty or thirty claimants
for which the Selfridge board had allowed.
I say that there is no right, that there is no
justice, that there is no law in the treatment
of these men by the Congress of the United
States. Then again, subsequent to that, Con-
gress passed an act allowing these men to go
to the Court of Claims, as they ought before
to have been permitted to go. That act was
vetoed by the President of the United States,
because there was something left out which I
admit ought to have been put into that bill,
and from that day to this nothing has been
done.
Now, I say to the gentlemen of this House
that man after man, as good, as loyal, as true
men as there were in all this broad land,
responded to the calls ol the Government, not
merely to make money, but because they were
patriotic. Take the case of the Portland Com-
pany of Maine. That company lost §80,000 on
one contract. The Government sent on to them
to build the maehiney for a vessel. They
replied, "No; we are now working to our
utmost capacity.'' The Government sent on
an agent from Washington, who said to them,
" Gentlemen we have made contracts for our
ships; we must have the machinery ; it is ne-
cessary for the salvation of the country to have
these vessels equipped." The Portland men
then said, If that is the case, we will take
the contract." And they took the contract,
lhey came on to Washington and wanted to
know how they should fix the price for their
work. Secretary Welles sai.l to them, " We do
not have our plans and specifications ; but we
must make our contracts.
Well, what basis
shall we have for prices?" He said, "We will
give you this basis: the machinery shall not
weigh more than the machinery for the Paul
Jones; at any rate, it shall not weigh to ex-
ceed fifteen per cent, the .machinery of the
Paul Jones."
The Portland Company signed that contract
for $82,000, and went home and went to woik
on the machinery. Plans came to them ;
specifications came from time to time, and
when they had finished the machinery it
weighed seventy-two per cent, more than the
machinery for the Paul Jones. They lost
$81,000 on that contract, and their stock was
reduced from one hundred and twenty per
cent, to seventy-two per cent. And now they
come here and ask to be permitted to go
before a court to obtain their rights.
Sir, I pity the Government that dares not
allow one of its citizens to go to a court some-
where to obtain his rights in a case like this
I speak of the Portland Company case because
it comes within my own knowledge. I know
there are other cases as unjust, as cruel, as
outrageous as that of the Portland Company.
Our chairman, who was on the committee
investigating the matter of the Secor claim,
was somewhat prejudiced against claims of
tiiis class, and he obtained those prejudices to
a certain extent from that investigation. But
he said to us, and we as a committee said:
"We will take these claims, not in one large
batch and put them through the Congress of
the United States, but we will take them one
by one ; we will scan every one of them ; we
will look into their merits; we will determine
whether these men have been unjustly treated
or not in each individual case. And where we
find that justice has not been done a loyal citi-
zen of our country, we will give him this little
thing that he asks, the right to go into the
court and bring suit against the Government."
I believe there is but one civilized country
in the world to-day besides our own whose
Government does not allow itself to be sued in
its courts. We make our contracts, we vio-
late them, and we will not permit ourselves to
be sued in the courts of the United States.
These men, when contracts are violated, are
compelled to ask us specially to permit them
to go into the courts for redress.
One word more I wish to say at the sugges-
tion of the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr.
Hawley.] We have taken great pains in
drawing up these bills. The President had
objected that these men might recover for
damages which were incurred by reason of
their own want of foresight in not buying all
the necessary materials when the contracts
were made. We have avoided that objection
by the provisions of this bill. We have
guarded it, as we believe, in every way in
which it ought to be guarded. We have
scrutinized the question with great care; we
have determined, as I said before, to pass no
bill without the most thorough investigation;
and when we believed from the testimony
offered that there was a case of wrong which
should be righted, then we determined to
report that case to the House of Representa-
tives and ask such action as would allow the
wronged man to go to a court for his remedy.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. I now yield ten
minutes to the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Archer.]
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Speaker, there is no
member in this House who feels more dis-
posed than myself to commend the Committee
of Claims for their diligence and fairness, and
care of the Government; and it is only the
knowledge I happen to have with regard to
this class of claims, from the fact that I have
been on the Naval Committee, that makes me
question the judgment of the Committee of
Claims in passing these bills.
