312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
not equally in others wherever it has been mean-
dered l>y the publio survey. Some startling conse-
quences would flow from such a doctrine, which it
is unnecessary here to notioe.
" There is much rood sense in the observations of
the Supreme Court of Ohio in Qavitt's administra-
tors r*. Chambers, 3 Ohio, 496, and they h%ve met
with the very general assent of the courts, especially
in the Western States. And thouih these observa-
tions were applied to a river, they are, I think,
equally applicable to the lakes; and if the beds of
these lakes are to be treated ' as unappropriated
territory.' a door is open to incalculable misohiefs.
Intruders upon the common wastes would fall into
endless broils among themselves, and'involve the
owners of adjacent lands in controversies innumer-
able. Stones, soil, gravel, the right to fish, would
all be subjects of individual scramble, necessarily
leading to violence and outrage."
Now, sir, the fact is that the General Govern-
ment has never attempted to sell the lands
bordering on these lakes within the meandered
lines. Speculators and land-grabbers have
sometimes sought to get these titles from the
United States, but the General Government,
while it has never formally relinquished its
right has always been careful not to sell to
any one. The riparian owners have always,
so far as I know, enjoyed their full rights. Any
departure from this policy wouid lead to gross
injustice and interminable disputes. I there-
fore think that the United States ought to
release all such claims, and the measure
before us is a step in that direction which I
cordially approve.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now yield to the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] for five
minutes.
Mr. KERR. I readily agree that this bill
is not free from difficulty. I wish it were.
But 1 think the difficulties are such as ought
not to create any barrier to the enactment of
this bill in the form in which it is now brought
before us, and mainly for the reason that in its
present form it is so framed as that it cannot
create any dangerous or injurious precedent in
like cases in future.
I agree with the gfntl man from Minnesota
[Mr. Dunneli.] that in tue form in which this
bill first passed it would be attended with some
danger in the direction indicated by him;
thai is to say, it would appear to establish as the
policy of the Government that bodies of water
of this kind might be taken possession of by
the States in which they may lie, and be
drained for the benefit of those States. But
:i qualification i.s attached to this bill, by the
report of the committee of conference, which
entirely deprives it of that element of objec-
tion. It is provided that this cession is made
to the State because the lake has been drained
at the expense of the State.
Mr. DUNNELL. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] if all the
moneys expended by the State of Indiana for
the drainage of this Beaver lake were not
moneys received under the swamp-land act to
be expended in this very manner ?
Mr. KERR. My understanding is that the
money expended in the drainage of this lake
was money drawn from the common fund of
the State, not from any specific fund.
Mr. DUNNELL. We were not so informed
in the committee.
Mr. KERR. I would ask the gentleman if
he was informed by anything of record from
the State of Indiana that the money used for
draining this lake was taken out of any specific
fund ? If he was so informed, he has informa-
tion which I have not.
Mr. DUNNELL. It was stated to the Com-
mitteeonthePablicLands,byonewhoappeared
before us, that the moneys expended in the
draining of this lake were moneys received
from the swamp lands.
Mr. SHANKS. If my colleague [Mr.
Kerr] will allow me 
Mr. KERR. Certainly.
Mr. SHANKS. A large amount of the
money expended for draining this lake was
furnished by citizens who had obtained title to
the land as set forth by the gentleman from
JlUapis, [Mr. Farnsworth. j The swamp
lands of the State of Indiana were very largely
wasted from circumstances which it is not
necessary to relate here. As I understand,
this money was also largely drawn directly
from the Treasury; that is my information.
Mr. KERR. I do not now intend to refer
to the history of that swamp land controversy
in our Sta'e. I cheerfully confess that it com-
prises circumstances and acts which are not
honorable to all parties connected with those
transactions. But that need not have any-
thing to do with the disposition of this bill.
This lake was drained. It was appropri-
ated, after this drainage, to private uses in
the ways that have been stated in the report
and by gentlemen on this floor. It now be-
comes extremely important to the interests
of all these private citizens who have acquired
titles, either from the State or from somebody
else, that those titles shall be quieted. I be-
lieve I may say with almost entire truth that
the citizens in Indiana who are now interested
in the quieting of these titles have not them-
selves been guilty of any of the irregularities
which have attended the past history of the
controversy over these lands; in other words,
they are innocent purchasers and claimants.
The sole purpose and aim of this little bill is
so to terminate any claim of title to those lands
on the part of the Federal Government as
that the State of Indiana may go on and by
an act of the Legislature relinquish forever all
claim of the State of Indiana upon these lands,
and thus forever quiet the titles of these private
owners.
That is the sole aim and purpose of this bill,
and for my part I can see in it no danger of
establishing a bad precedent or of doing in-
justice either to the Federal Government or to
any of the private owners who have titles to
any part of this land. The entire tract is very
small. It was reclaimed at the cost of a great
deal of labor and expense. There has arisen
in the past much litigation in regard to this
land, and all that litigation has resulted to the
injury of the private owners—never to the
advantage of the State of Indiana or of the
Federal Government. It is, I think, fair for
me now to assume that the Federal Govern-
ment, whatever may be the fate of this bill,
will never assert any title to that land or
attempt to enforcc and make valid that title.
The case i.s so surrounded by difficulties and
complications that I am sure the best thing
that can be done for the interests of all parties
concerned—the Federal Government, the State
government, and all these private claimants—
will be to quiet the title in the manner now
proposed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield five n > i nutes to
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Couurn.]
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, tiie objec-
tions raised by the gentleman from Minnesota,
[Mr. Dunnell,] a member of the Committee
on the Public Lands, might under other circum-
stances be valid or at least serious. While I
do not feel disposed to argue the question as
to the rights of riparian proprietors, or to
insist that the decisions in Michigan shonld be
the rule everywhere, I have no doubt that such
a rule would be regarded by many men—per-
haps by many of the courts of the country—as
a wise one; and indeed it may be the prevail-
ing rule. But it is not necessary for us in the
argument of this matter to go into any ques-
tion of that kind.
The merits of this case depend *upon the
peculiar position of the land and the pecnliar
circumstances of the settlers and the State in
connection with it. Little short of twenty
years ago, perhaps, this purchase and drainage
were made, and were made in good faith, the
parties supposing that the persons claiming
the land as riparian proprietors had a right to
sell it. These parties have gone on and
made their improvements. Some of them
have established their homes and their farms
there; they have regarded this land as their
private property.
This controversy has arisen, not by any act
of theirs, not from anything that they have
stirred up as against any one else or as against
the State or the Unite.d States. It has arisen
from the fact that certain squatters—men who
had really no interest in this land—have
attempted to create an interest, squatting
' upon it and undertaking to obtain posses-
sion under the preemption laws. In this way
the controversy arose; lawsuits were begun,
and the matter was brought to the attention
1 of Congress. Now, the question may really
be considered as one between those squatters
and the bona fide settlers. The question now
is whether there shall be such action on the
part of Congress as to obviate any controversy
of that kind. It is not really a matter of any
great consequence in dollars and cents to the
State of Indiana or any one concerned except
to thepe men, some of whom are poor men,
who went there and purchased in good faith.
Now, the equities we claim are the drainage
of the lands by the citizens and by the State.
My opinion has been what money was ex-
pended by the State—not very great expend-
iture, I suppose any rich man would spend as
much without feeling it; but whatever was spent
on this land I understand was taken from the
swamp land fund so far as the State of Indiana
is concerned. The other money was spent by
the citizens. The State and its citizens ex-
pended fully as much money as this land is
worth at the price fixed by Congress. These
men went on in good faith and drained it, and
this settlement was made in good faith. They
went on and made their improvements, and a
long lapse of time has since occurred. Now,
when we look at all these circumstances at-
tending the drainage and settlement of this
laud, it does make out such a case I believe
as Congress should regard as an equitable one.
The question next comes np, what shall be
done; shall it be thrown open to market, and
these men perhaps driven from their homes
and litigation ensue, or shall the title go back
1 to the State ? By going back to the State every
man in there as a bona fide purchaser has his
rights. No man in all that region protests
against this action, but rests confidently on
the sense of justice of the State and upon the
action of the State in this matter. None of
these people dread the result of legislation of
this kind. They have had fair notice, a whole
year's notice, that legislation of this kind has
been proposed, and no man who is a bona fide
settler has objected to a measure of this kind.
There is really no objection except from casual
squatters.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I yield now to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Hawley.]
Mr. COBURN. I wish to say one word
more.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well; I yield
for that purpose.
Mr.-COBURN. I want the preamble to
this bill read.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the lands in Newton county, in the State of
Indiana, known as the bed of beaver lake be, and
the same are hereby, released and quitclaimed to
the State of Indiana.
Mr. COBURN. That is not it. What I
want read is the preamble, the part reciting
the fact.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Read the amend-
ment agreed to by the committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
The same having been drained at the expense
of the State of Indiana.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No; read from the
report of the committee of conference.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the House recede from the amendment to
the said bill of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment, namely: Insert after
the word " lake" in the second line these words " the
same having been drained or reclaimed at the ex-
pense of theStateof Indiana and its assignors;"and
the Senate agree to the same.
