THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
Now, Mr. Speaker, with regard to the first
board spoken of by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Frye,] that board made a report to the
House «.nd the Senate which was not toler-
ated by either body. It was unanimously laid
aside by both Houses; and no action was ever
taken by either House upon it, because of the
enormous amounts allowed. When I speak
thus of that board I speak nob to condemn
the officers of the Navy who were members of
it, because they thought their dnty was only to
report to the two Houses the amounts which
were claimed by these hungry contractors.
Hence it was that the action of that board was
ignored by both Houses. Under a subsequent
act-a board was appointed by the Navy De-
partment, which made an' investigation of
claims that were brought before them, the
Marchand board, which has reported seriatim
on all these claims ; first, as to the contracted
price ; second, the amount demanded by each
contractor ; third, the amount the Government
had already paid in excess of the contract;
and fourth, the amoants recommended by the
board to be allowed, which amounts thus al-
lowed were paid by a subsequent act.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania. Were
these contractors allowed to go before the
Marchand board 1
Mr. ARCHER. Alexander Swift & Co.,
who are named in the bill, went before that
board with claims for two vessels, which were
allowed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania. They were
allowed upon the ex parte testimony on behalf
of the Government, the claimants themselves
not being heard.
Mr. ARCHER. They made out their claims
in full, with the voucher of the officer who
supervised the work. I speak now of all the
claims before that board.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania. Were
there any claims before that board? Were
any claims allowed to go before that board ?
Mr. ARCHER. I will refer, for illustration,
to the ease of Alexander Swift & Co., the very
parties named in this bill. They were before
that board with claims for the construction of
the light-draft monitors Klamuth and Ruma.
The contract price for these vessels was
$780,000; the amount which the contractors
claimed in excess was $678,000. The amount
which they were paid by the Government over
and above the contract price was $416,000.
And on these same two vessels they put in. an
extra bill of $635,000; and of that they had
been paid by the Navy Department $332,000
for extra work. Soitis,Imaysay, with every
one of these contractors now coming before
Congress. , ,
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. Does the gentle-
man pretend to say that Alexander Swift &
Co. received a larger allowance than any other
of these claimants now before us?
Mr. ARCHER. They were allowed$332,000
over and above the contract price for the extra
work. The Marchand board was allowed to
take into consideration for all the contractors
whatever loss they suffered by reason of delays
created by the Government.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. Does the gentleman
antagonize this claim or the whole of them ?
Mr. ARCHER. The whole of them. Ihey
have been fully satisfied and paid by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, if there are
justice, and right, and fairness in the Navy
Department. They have all been there. They
have all had a hearing. On the first hearing
they were flatly rejected by both Houses. On
the next hearing by another board which they
went before, those who had fair claims had
them allowed, and Congress passed acts pay-
ing them those sums. But here they are again.
Mr. FRYE. What board is that to which
the gentleman referred whose report was flatly
reject by both Houses?
Mr. ARCHER. The first board the gentle-
man spoke of; 1 am not certain, but I think it
was called the Gregory board.
Mr. FRYE. The Selfridge board. •
Mr. ARCHER. Yes; notadollar waspaid.
The action of that board was repudiated by
Congress.
Mr. FRYE. Let me ask the gentleman
another question. Was1 the report of the Sel-
fridge board ever acted upon in this Hou8e ?
Mr. ARCHER. No, sir, it was never acted
on by either House, because they allowed such
enormous sums that Congress would not enter-
tain it.
Mr. FRYE. Did it ever come to this
House?
Mr. ARCHER. It was reported.
Mr. STEVENSON. That was a mistrial;
no trial at all.
Mr. ARCHER. Afterward they had another
trial.
Mr. STEVENSON. A trial without the facts.
Mr. FRYE. I wish to ask the gentleman
another question. Did not the Naval Com-
mittee of the Senate report a bill, which was
supported by every member of that Naval
Committee except one, to pay these claimants
according to the report made by the Selfridge
board?
Mr. ARCHER. Not to my knowledge.
Mr. FRYE. They did, sir.
Mr. ARCHER. Not to my knowledge.
Mr. FRYE. That was the report of the
Senate committee.
Mr. ARCHER. I do not know such was
the case ; it was certainly never acted on by
either the House or the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. I now yield for five
minutes to the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
BbAia,] the chairman of the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I do
not suppose I want five minutes. I desire simply
to say, in regard to the subject of this bill, that
I have been familiar with the whole of it for
some time; and while I have not been able to
feel quite so confident of the good policy of
these bills as my associates on the committee
have, I consented at last to them on this
principle, and that alone, so far as I was con-
cerned. I remember very well when the Self-
ridge board made its report to the Senate.
That was a report made under a Senate reso-
lution, and not under a law of Congress at all.
The Senate declined to adopt it at all, and, as
my friend on the committee, the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Frye,] says, the Senate pro-
posed instead to pay twelve per cent, in advance
to all contractors. Thatcameovertothe House.
The House declined to do that, but finally
made the proposition that a new board should
be called by the Secretary of the Navy, and
they should take up all. these claims under
certain restrictions, which were very narrow,
putting it on clearly just and equitable grounds
toward the Government. As was said, there
should be no allowance for delays unless for
those growing necessarily ont of the acts of
the Government, and then not if they could
have been avoided by prudent actions of the
contractors themselves. Ihe bill was care-
fully drawn and then these cases were opened
before the Marchand board. Ihat bill was
adopted by both Houses and became a law.
So that the Marchand board assembled under
a law of Congress. It made its report in
accordance with that law j it covered the
entire ground of the claims—all of them.
But now it is said that the Marchand board,
while it had before it the evidence taken before
the Selfridge board, while it had the various
claims and vouchers these gentlemen pre-
sented, did decline to hear evidence beyond
what had been proved; and I believe that
that has been proved beyond all question, that
the gentlemen wished that board to take proof
and that they declined to do so. Now these
gentlemen say, "We had not a fair hearing
before the Marchand board; we offered testi-
mony and they would not hear it; now we ask
you to let us go before the Court of Claims.'
And the committee have framed bills under
the same restrictions exactly as those attdib
which the Marchand board- acted, and bhey tell
the claimants, "Now you say this board did
not give you a hearing; you want to go before
a court, where both sides shall be heardL
We agree that yon shall go before such it
court; that you shall make out your case
before the court, and if you can get ,a judg-
ment from the court we agree that it shall be
all right."
That is the case with all of these bills; four
or five have been passed without objection,
and this*one is like the others. They e,re all
passed on the same ground, because it was
thought, if a sufficiently full hearing had not
been obtained before the Marchand board,
the same matter might be brought before the
Court of Claims and there reviewed. I think
that with such a carefully guarded bill as this
it will be safe to let the case go there, and if
the claimants are entitled to anything that we
should let the court say so. It was upon this
understanding that I consented to this, for I
am not particularly friendly to this sort of
legislation.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. KERR. I hope the previous question
will not be seconded; we have had but little
chance as yet to discuss this bill.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. How much time
does the gentleman want?
Mr. KERR. Five or ten minutes.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. I yield to the
gentleman five minutes.
Mr. KERR. I have listened with a good
deal of attention to what has been said on the
subject of this bill; and I have learned with a
good deal of regret that other bills of this
character have already passed the House
to-night. I confess I was not aware of it
while they were passing. If I had been I
should have objected then.
I listened to the statements of the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Archer] and of
the gentlemen on the other side of the House;
and I want now to say that after reading this
bill I am thoroughly persuaded that it ought
not to pass; that the whole thing is an abuse
of the powers of this House; that it is an
attempt to transfer to the cqurts of the country
a rotten old claim that has already gotten
more th^n it ought ever to have had out of
the Treasury of the country. All of these
claims that have been pestering the Congress
of the United States for eight or ten years, it
seems to me, gain in persistency as they grow
older, and increase in excess their demands
as they recede from the common knowledge
of the facts out of which they grew. The pros-
ecutors of these claims grow more confident
in their demands against the Government as
facts upon which they rested become more
and more indistinct and uncertain.
Now these parties want permission to go
before the Court of Claims and be allowed
there to renew their hold upou the Govern-
ment, and to make all kinds of proof that
they may be able to tinker up by fair means
or by foul nfeans. And I mean by what I say
now just what 1 say, that it is the experience
of this country thatin the prosecution of claims
of this kind perjuries are committed and ras-
calities are practiced upon the Government ;
hired tools, the instruments of rings and com-
binations of this kind are brought before the
courts or taken before the masters in chancery,
or before commissioners, and there made to
prove almost anything anybody wants to prove.
I do not believe, sir, in the organization of
this kind of tribunals and fixing the limitations
within which they may act in the latitudinanan
way in which they are laid down in this mil-
I do not mean to impeach the integrity or the
incorruptibility of the Court of Claims. ^ _
1 have faith in that court. I have faith m
all the courts of the country that in the exer-
cise of their functions they will be faithful; but
I have not faith in the capacity of the ofhoers
