1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1279
This Marchand board went over the whole
matter, and made allowances where they
thought they ought to be made, and rejected
such claims as they thought ought not to be
allowed. Now, when a board of naval men,
who knew all about the matter, had examined
it thoroughly, why should the Committee
of Claims of this, House seek to take the mat-
ter .up and send it to a court, where there -is
no one to look after the interests of the United
States but a law officer, where there are no
naval men to look after the matter ?
I hope the previous question will not be
Called and ordered upon this bill until I or
some one else can submit a motion to refer
this subject to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
so that that committee can take evidence upon
it and report their finding to this House.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. I now yield for
five minutes to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Smith,] my colleague on the committee.
. Mr. SMITH? of New York. I do not knpw
but the Committee on Naval Affairs can come
to a more correct judgment upon claims of
this sort than the Committee of Claims. But
I have never yet heard that any member of
that Naval Committee ever builtaship or even
constructed a raft.
The Committee of Claims have carefully
examined the merits of the question in each
individual case of these claimants. We have
adopted the principle which Congress by two
solemn enactments has fixed upon as the just
way to determine whether the Government is
under' obligation to pay to these contractors
an additional sum of money. And in addition
to the facts stated by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Frye,] my colleague on the com-
mittee, I desire to call the attention of the
House to "this one thing: we have heard a
great deal of eloquence about the decay of
American commerce and about the disap-
pearance of our shipping from the sea. Now,
sir, of the forty contractors for building these
iron-clads twenty-two of them were driven
into bankruptcy by these very contracts.
The boasted liberality of the Government in
dealing justly by them, and their wicked per-
tinacity in claiming more from the Govern-
ment, is illustrated by a single sentence which
1 beg leave to read from the majority report
of the Robeson investigating committee. Task
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] and
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] to
listen to this. The majority of that commit-
tee, in referring to these iron-clad ship claims,
say:
" These claims were of two classes; one for addi-
tional cost of construction under their contracts,
arising out of the extraordinary rise in the price pi
labor and material which took place during the
delay of the Government, a claim in the nature ot
damages; and the other for the actual amount due
for work and material ordered, furnished, arid ac-
cepted, entirely extra from and outside of their con-
tract. Of these two classes of claims, the hrst, tor
damages, was never considered or actcd upon by
the Department, but was disposed of by resolution.
That is the resolution which erected this
Marchand board. The claims that have been
allowed were the claims for extra work. Of
the amount that those contractors claimed as
legitimate damages on acconnt of the delay of
the Government in the construction of these
vessels by reason of changes in their specifica-
tions and plans, not one dollar has ever been
paid to one of these contractors except what
was paid to some four of them under this
Marchand award.
And those twenty-two men, who covered
your seas with American ships, who honored
this country by the commerce that they set
afloat, have gone into liquidation, and their
ship-yards have been closed by reason of the
fact that while the price of labor had risen
one hundred per cent., while the cost oi iron
had increased nearly two hundred per cent.,
and while the cost of construction of these ves-
sels had in one way and another been doubled,
trebled, quadrupled, this proud Government,
that through the mouths of gentlemen on this
floor brags of its justice and magnanimity, has
never paid these men a picayune for all their
nages. All they seek is an opportunity to
present their demand for a hearing in the
Court of Claims, a court of your own creation,
with officers of your own to administer there
the laws, who will not djire to award one dime
which the Government does not justly owe
Mr. FRYE. I wish to say only a word
or two more. I will not weary the House.
Mr. KERR. I would like to say a few
words in reply to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. I yield to thegen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Frye.]
Mr. FRYE. Mr. Speaker, accustomed to
sit here and listen to the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Kerr,] I recognize in him one of
the ablest lawyers not only on this floor, but
in the country.
Mr. STEVENSON. And in the world.
Mr. FRYE. I do not know but that he is,
as my friend from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson]
suggests, one of the best lawyers in the
world. [Laughter.]
Mr. KERR. That is pretty severe sarcasm
on me. .
Mr. FRYE. But, sir, if the gentleman has
this evening used the best powers of his logic
to establish the position he has taken on this
case, Heaven have mercy on his clients ordin-
arily 1 His whole argument is simply this-:
"The Government did make a contract, I ad-
mit; it may have broken the contract, I ad-
mit ; but these men, if allowed to go to a court,
will commit perjury, and the court will give
an unjust verdict." Is that any argument
against this claim ? The whole point of the
argument, so far as I could understand it, was
that these men if they go before a court may
commit perjury, and the court may give an un-
just verdict.
What was the argument of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] another gentle-
man whom I greatly admire as a lawyer ? His
argument was that the bill ought to have gone
to the Committee on Naval Affairs. Pray,
why should it have gone to that committee?
It has just been before the Naval Committee
of the Senate, and has been unanimously re-
ported to that body.
Mr. STEVENSON. And they are older
sailors than we are. [Laughter.]
Mr. FRYE. The bill has been before the
Committee of Claims in this House ; and I
venture to say there are no more sailors on the
Committee on Naval Affairs, or on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means either, than on oar
committee. [Laughter.]
Another argument is that the Marchand
board passed upon these claims. I wish to
join issue on that point. That board did not
pass upon these claims. Under >a technic-
ality of law they threw out every claim with
reference to a double-ender, without ever con-
sidering any evidence whatever in relation to
the claim. They may have passed upon some
such claims by looking merely at the papers ;
but I call attention to a single case in which I
received from Mr. Lenthall an account that
one of these contractors presented before that
Marchand board, and in an account of $8,000
they made a mistake of only $4,200. As to
nine out of ten claims they allowed nothing.
On a few they allowed immense sums, I do
not know why; I do not call them to an
account. .
But, sir, this House has recognized the in-
justice of the findings of that board, for Con-
gress has since passed an act allowing all these
men to go to the Court of Claims j and that is
the act the President vetoed.
Sir, I know of no answer to these claims.
I am in a better condition than the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] to judge upon this
matter, because I have examined it thor-
oughly, root and branch. I know whereof I
affirm ; and on my honor as a member of this
House 1 say that as to every claim which I
have examined personally there can be no
good ground for refusing these men an oppor-
tunity to go into the courts of the country > - If
they commit perjury they willdo nothing more
than is often done in other courts. There is
no more danger of perjury on the part of a
claimant under a contract of this kind than on
the part of a claimant under any other con-
tract. As the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Conger] suggests, the objection, if it isa good
one, is art objection to all courts.
If we allow these men the right to present
their claims before the Court of Claims, they
are obliged to come from Kittery, Maine, away
down .to Washington to prove their claims.
The Government of the United States, which
reserves to itself the right to break contracts,
is powerful enough to allow to the citizen the
right to bring his suit and maintain it in the
courts of the nation, so that Congress shall not
be flooded with these claims, that these men
shall not be obliged to come here, as one gen-
tleman says, till they grow old, or, as I say,
until they grow weary and sick at heart, be-
cause we cannot look at their claims. There
are fourteen hundred such claims before the
Committee of Claims of this Congress; and
more have been left unexamined than came
here during the whole of last Congress.
These men are not all frauds ; they are not
all scoundrels, though the gentleman from In-
diana, I believe, pronounces their claims rotten
to the core. Where is his evidence of that?
I trust the House will allow these men to go
before a court and present their testimony,
receiving from that court such judgment as
they may show themselves entitled to.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. I call the previous
question.
Mr. MACINTYRE. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
40, noes 71; no quorum voting.
Mr. BIGGS demanded tellers,
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. KERR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 38, nays 05, not voting
137 ;-as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Barber, James B.
Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird, James (1. Blair, Comingo,
Critcher, Crossland. Davis, Dox, DuBose. GeU,
Biddings, Hancock, llandley, Harper, Hay, Uera-
don, Korr, Loaoh, Maclntyro, Manson, Marshall,
McClolland. McKinney, Merrick, Randall, Read,
Robinson, John Rogers, Scotield, Slater, Stevens,
Storm, and Terry—38. .
nays—Messrs. Ambler, Barry, Austin Blair,
Braxton, Bright, Buckley,Buflinton, Burcbard, Bur-
dett, Roderick It. Butler, Caldwell, Cobb, Congor,
Cotton, Dodds, Dumieil, Barnes, Elliott, Finkeln-
burg, Charles Foster, Henry D.Foster. Wilder D. Fos-
ter Frye, Garrett, Golladay, Hale, Harmer, Goorge
E. Harris, John T. Harris, Joseph XI. llawloy, Hays.
John W. Hazelton, Keiley, Kellogg, Lamport, Lowe,
Maynard, McGrew, Merriam, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Packard, Packer, Isaac 0. Parker, Pendle-
ton, Perce, Piatt, Porter, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk,
Sawyer, II. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith,
Sprague, Starkweather,Stevenson, bt.. Jobn.Ihomas,
Twiebcll, Upson, Waldron, Wallace, Wells, Willard,
and Williams ot Indiana—65.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams Ames, Arthur,
Averill, Banks, Barnum, Beatty, Erasmus W. Heck,
Bigby, Bingham, Boarinan, Boles. Brooks, Bunnell,
Benjamin F. Butler, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke,
Coburn, Cogbian, Conner, Cox, trebs, Oreely,
Crocker, Darrail, Dawes, Dickey, Doiman Due .
Duke, Eldredge, Ely, Esty, iarnsworth, larwell.
Forker, Garfield, Goodrich, Griiiith, Haldeman,
Halsey, Hambleton, Hanks, Havens, John ii.
Hawley. Gerry W. Hazolton, Hereford, Hibbaru,
Hill, Hoar, Ilolman, Hooper, Houghton, Kendall,
Ketchain, Killinger, King, Kuisella, Lamison,
Lansing, Lowis, Lynch, McCormick, MeCrary,
Meilenry. McJunkin, McKee, McNeely. Benjamin
F. Meyers, Mitchell, Monroe, Moore, Morey, Mor-
gan, Negley, Silos L. Niblaok, William t. Nib-
lack, Orr, Palmer. HoseaW. Parker, Peek, Per)y,
Peters, Poland, Potter, Price V«ndlo, Kamoy,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. B ice. Ritchie, Wllham R.
Roberts, Sion II. Rogers, Roosevelt, Sargent, bee-
ley, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shell abarger, Sher-
wood, Shober, Shoemaker, Slocam, Sloss, Wonlmig-
ton C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, fepcer Stowhton
Stowell, Sutherland. Swann, toypher laffe, Dwight
Townsond, Washington Towusend, turner, luthill,
