1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1281
discrimination is made, I hope it will be re-
moved.
• The njofion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of
. Simeon Drake, publisher of the Norway Ad-
vertiser, published in the town of Norway,
Oxford county, Maine, remonstrating a/gainst
the passage of the bill before Congress regu-
lating the pbstage on printed matter; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. SCHURZ. I present the memorial of
■ the General Assembly of the State of Missouri,
respectfully asking Congress to make such
appropriations as may be necessary to remove
obstructions that impede navigation, and con-
fine and deepen the channels of the Missis-
sippi and tributaries, and mor.e especially that
part of the Mississippi lying between the port
of St. Louis and Cairo, and the Osage river,
and giving various reasons therefor. I move
that the memorial be referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHURZ. I desire also to present
resolutions of the Union Merchants' Exchange
of St. Louis, declaring as their decided opin-
ion that no bridge should hereafter be built
across the Mississippi river below St. Louis
with' spans of less than five hundred feet and
an "elevation of less than seventy feet above
high-water mark of 1844. I move the refer-
ence of these resolutions to the Committee on
the Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
•Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of
Watlbridge J. Powell, publisher of the Rolla
Express, praying that the words " and wholly
printed and" be omitted from the pending
amendment to the postal laws; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Massachusetts, praying Congress-to go
to the verge of its constitutional power in pro-
hibiting the sale of intoxicating liquors as a
beverage; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of C.
H. Keeler, publisher of the Tioga County
Record, of Owego, Tioga county, New York,
and the petition of William Herries, publisher
of the True Republican, of Green Point, county
of Kings, New York, praying that the words
"and wholly printed and" be omitted from
the pending amendment to the postal laws ;
which were referred to the Committee on Post
Uffices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the- city of Syracuse, New York, asking for a
repeal of the bankrupt law, to take effect on
the 1st of July next; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. FENTON. I present concurrent reso-
lutions of the Legislature of New York in
regard to the pension of certain veteran offi-
cers retired from service in consequence of
w<5unds received in battle, which I ask to have
read.'
The Chief Olerk read as follows:
Whereas it is understood that an effort is now
being made to reduce the pay or pension of certain
veteran officers retired from service in consequenee
of wounds received in battle: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Legislature of this State depre-
cate as unjust and ungrateful all sueh_attempts to
reduce the hard-earned pay or pension ot such
veteran soldiers; and we request our Senators and
Representatives in Congress to vote against and
°PitesoZ®e!,SXhat the Governor be requested to trans-
mit a copy of the foregoing preamble ana resolu-
tion to each of our Senators and Representatives in
Congress.
I think the Committee on Pensions have the
subject under consideration, and I move the
reference" of the resolutions to that committee,
lind that they be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of
citizens of the State of Virginia, manufacturers
42d Gong. 3d Sess.—No. 81.
of tobacco, wholesale dealers in manufactured
tobacco, and dealers in leaf tobacco, praying
that no change be made in the law as regards
the retail sales of lea,f tobacco; which was
referred to the Committee on' Finance.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE presented a memorial
of the Board of Trade of Mobile, Alabama, in
favor of the establishment of a bureau of
commerce; which was referred' to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of' Joseph
Borden and others, of Greensboro, Alabatoa,
praying to be indemnified for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the year 1801;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of the Board
of Trade of Mobile, Alabama, in favor of a
further appropriation for the removal of ob-
structions from the bay and harbor of Mobile ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. RICE presented five petitions of citi-
zens of Arkansas, praying to be guarantied a
republican government in fact as well as in
form; which were referred to the Committee
on Privileges and Elections.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of John
Truxson, late a private in company G second
Kansas cavalry, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPEBS.
Mr. AMES. Yesterday I presented the
petition of Mrs. Nannie Hall, praying to be
paid for cotton and other property seized or
destroyed by United States troops during the
late rebellion ; but inasmuch as it is doubtful
whether the case can be considered at this
session, I ask to have the papers withdrawn.
Leave was granted to withdraw the papers.
On motion of Mr. SCOTT, it was
Ordered, That Samuel B. Lauffer have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
Mr. PRATT. I made a motion yesterday
morning, during the morning hour, which was
not understood by the Secretary, according to
the report which I see in the Globe. My
motion was that the Committee on Claims be
discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial of Emily Miller, and that she be
allowed to withdraw from the filfes her papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the petitioner will have leave to
withdraw her papers, and it is so ordered.
On motion of Mr. BOREMAN, it was
Ordered, That A. Werninger have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers from the files of the
Senate.
reports of committees.
Mr. MACHEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Rev. James Read and others, in behalf of the
Israel African Methodist Episcopal Church of
Washington, District of Columbia, praying
compensation for injuries to tbeir church prop
erty and lands by reason of the extension of
the Capitol grounds, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that; it be
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds; which was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1527) to
amend an act to provide for the redemption
and sale of lands held by the United States
under the several acts levying direct taxes, and
for other purposes, have directed me to report
it back with amendments, and recommend its
passage. The Senator from South Carolina,
who is interested in this bill, [Mr. Sawyer,]
requests me t.o ask for its present consider-
ation. .
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I object to
anything but the regular order until we reach
the Calendar.. , ■
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will bo
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. LEWIS, from the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3611) to re-
move the political disabilities' of Shelfcon F.
Leake, of Albemarle county, Virginia, reported
it without amendment. •. •
Mr. VICKERS, from the select Committee
on .the Removal of Political Disabilities, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 8249)
for the removal of the political disabilities <sf
J. Ernest Meire, of the State of Maryland,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. -NYE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
J. B. Cornell, of thfc late firm of J. B. & W.
Cornell, praying to be allowed $244,000 for
the construction of revolving towers, pilot-
houses, &c., for iron-clad steamers, and to
have their case adjudicated in the Court of
Claims, submitted a report accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 1576) for the relief of J. B. Cor-
nell and others.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1541) for
the relief of Alexander Swift & Co., and the
Niles Works, of Cincinnati, Ohio, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1542) for the
relief of Alexander Swift & Co., reported it
without amendment.
Mr. CRAG1N, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S- No.
1557) for the relief of Robert H. Wyman,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2874) to
restore Absalom Kirby a second assistant en-
gineer in the Navy, reported it withoutamend-
ment.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on
Mines and Mining, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 1530) to incorporate the Utah
Railroad and Mining Company, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. WEST, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1329) for the relief of S. M. A.
Lorenzo Noodt, late first lieutenant one hun-
dred and fourtb United States colored infantry,
reported adversely thereon; and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1338) for the relief of the
Portland Company, reported it without amend-
ment.
VOLUNTEER NAVAL OiTl'ICISltS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As the Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. _ Cbaoiu] is now
present, the Chair will submit a request from
the House of Representatives for a conference
committee on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2053) au-
thorizing the nomination and appointment to
the retired list of the Navy of certain volun-
teers on the active list of the Navy who are
disabled in consequence of wounds received
during the late war. The Chair thinks the
disagreement ia upon an amendment offered
by the Senator from New Hampshire, or com-
ing from his committee.
Mr. CRAGIN. I hope that bill will bp
allowed to lie on the table until to-morrow
morning, and in the mean time I will ex-
amine it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be re-
served.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. .RAMSEY asked, aud by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1577) to establish certain land distncts_in
the Territory of Dakota ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
