1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
317
James H. Knotts, late a private of company
E, fifteenth West Virginia volunteers. This
is a ease where a bill for relief passed the
House of Representatives in 1870, but its
passage here has been delayed by some cause
or other, and as the application has consider-
able merit in it, I ask the special attention of
the Committee on Pensions to this petition.
I move its reference to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I pre-
sent the petition of the New York and West
India Steamship Company, signed bv its offi-
cers. which shows a variety of facts consti-
tuting the merits of the petition, and concludes
with a prayer that " Congress will grant your
petitioners $100,000 a year for the space of
ten years as a subsidy toward maintaining and
continuing the line of steamers they have
established to carry freight, the mails, and
passengers from and to the United States and
the republic of Hayti. I move that the peti-
tion be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Jeremiah T. Hallett, praying for an additional
pension ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. VICKERS presented the petition of
Josiah "Bankerd and one hundred and fifty-
eight others, soldiers of the late civil war, pray-
ing that the soldiers' homestead law be so
amended as to permit the entry and location
of public lauds without personally cultivating
the same; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
kkports of committees.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. . The Com-
mute oil Pensions, to whom was referred the
bill (H R. No. 2405) granting a pension to
Jul.a Whistler, have instructed me to report
adversely to the passage of the bill. The evi-
dence, does not bring the case within either the
spirit or the letter of the pension laws, and I
nn ve that the bill be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, from the same
  mittee, to w]iom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2455) granting a pension to Jerome E.
Pampell, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report thereon; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was tel'erred the bill (H. R. No. 2453) grant-
ing a pension to Rosa Wollaner, reported it
without amendment,, and submitted a report
theieon ; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James Orick and
others, praying for a pension for the minor
heirs of John C. Orick, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (8. No. 1191) granting
a pens-ion to Martha E. Orick, Mary J. Orick,
and John J. Orick, minor children of John
C. Orick, deceased. The bill was read and
passed to the second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
1187) for the relief of Jacob R. Davis, of
Richmond county, Georgia, reported adversely
theieon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment ; which was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 705) for the relief of John Cleghorn,
late register of the land office at Sioux City,
.Iowa, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report thereon; which was ordered
to be printed.
.toanna l. siiaw.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2506)
repenting an act entitled "An act granting a
pension to Joanna L. Shaw,'" have had the
8&me under consideration and instructed me to
report it back without amendment, and to
recommend the passage of the bill. As I in-
tend to ask for the present consideration of the
bill I beg leave to make a very brief statement
in relation to the character of it.
The bill repeals an act approved July 27,
1868, entitled "An act granting a pension to
Joanna L. Shaw." .That is the scope of the
bill. On examination I find that this act
directed the Secretary of the Interior "to
place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Joanna L. Shaw, widow of John
E. Shaw, late a private, company E, fourteenth
regiment Maine volunteers, and to pay her a
pension of seventeen dollars a month in lieu
of the pension she is now and has been receiv-
ing, commencing August 17, 1862." This act
was approved on the 27th day of July, 1868.
The bill now reported repeals that act. It
seems from the evidence submitted to the
committee that Congress was imposed upon by
manufactured testimony, and the law is a fraud
undoubtedly.
The husband of this lady was a private in a
Maine regiment. By this private act she
received the pension due to one who had acted
as an assistant surgeon in the regiment. It is
clearly shown that he discharged simply the
duties of a private soldier. This appears in
the testimony of those who were instrumental
in procuring the passage of the act. The tes-
timony was laid before the Commissioner of
Pensions, and he suggests the propriety of
repealing the act in question.
Under these circumstances, I ask that this
bill be taken up at once and put upon its pas-
sage. The party has been wrongfully receiving
a pension under this law for nearly four and a
half years.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Does this bill
give her any pension?
Mr. PRATT. No ; it repeals the law giving
her a pension at the rate of seventeen dollars.
She was entitled to, and is receiving, a pen-
sion at the rate of eight dollars a month.
There is a report in the case, which I ask may
be printed.
The report was ordered to be printed.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
winona and st. peter railroad.
Mr. WINDOM. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report back the bill
(H. R. No. 3005) for the extension of time to
the Winona and St. Peter Railroad Company
for the completion of its road, and recommend
its passage. I will say to the Senate, in mak-
ing the request for present action, that this
bill extends the time for six months ; that the
company has built one hundred and fifty-five
miles this year, with the exception of laying
the iron on about thirty-eight miles, but a
snow storm on the 12t,h of November overtook
them, and they were compelled to desist. I
think it ought to pass before the recess, and
therefore I ask the Senate to act on it now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Has it been
acted on by the House of Representatives?
Mr. WINDOM. It has been, and is unani-
mously recommended by the Senate Committed
on Public Lands.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I think that bill had
better go over; it is a bill for a further exten-
sion of time.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator from Delaware
will be good enough to listen to one sugges-
tion, I think he will not urge his objection.
The importance of passing the bill now before
the recess is this: the time for the completion
of the road under the existing law does not
expire until the second of March. It is within
i the limits of possibility for the company to
complete the road within that time if Congress
say they must, but a letter has been laid upon
the table of each Senator from the general
manager of the road, showing that the work
cannot be prosecuted in that country at this
season of the year without great sacrifice of
money and great danger of life. It was only
by the most strenuous efforts that a large gang
of men employed on this road were recently
rescued from a severe storm of snow, and that
took place at the loss of several locomotives
and a large construction train* But if Con-
gress shall say that the company shall not
have six months further time, at whatever cost
of money, or at whatever peril to life, the
company must go on. It is for this reason that
I am quite solicitous the Senate should dis-
pose at the present time of the question
whether-they will allow this additional time or
not. I think under the circumstances the
Senator from Delaware will not insist on his
objection but will allow the Senate to speak
its voice upon it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I certainly do not wish
to deal unjustly or unkindly with a railroad
company. My objection to all land grants is
inherent. My fear is that this may be made
a precedent for the extension of time to other
corporations. However, I will withdraw the
objection in this case under the circumstances,
and leave the matter to the sense of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. *1 ask the Senator from
Minnesota how many miles of road have been
built by this company already?
Mr. WINDOM. This last spring: they built
one hundred and fifty-five miles, with the ex-
ception of about thirty-eight miles which are
graded but oh which the iron is not laid. The
iron is ready to be laid, but the snow storm
of the 12th of November prevented the com-
pletion of it.
Mr. THURMAN. How long is the entire
projected road ?
Mr. WINDOM. About three hundred and
fifty miles.
i! Mr. THURMAN. About one hundred and
twenty-odd miles have been built and the iron
laid down?
Mr. WINDOM. One hundred and twenty
I miles have been built and the iron laid down
th is summer.
Mr. THURMAN. When was the grant of
! land made?
Mr. WINDOM. I think in 1856.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) Is there objection to the
present consideration of the bill ? The Chair
hears none. The bill is now before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I should like to amend
the bill by inserting after the words ''six
months" the words "and no longer."
Mr. POMEROY. I think that is the force
of the language now ; but that little amend-
ment will necessitate the sending of the bill
back to the House of Representatives, and I
hope therefore the Senator will not urge it. if
this extension is to be granted at all, let us
do it now. If not, the bill may as well go
over.
i Mr. ROBERTSON. Has the bill passed
the House?
Mr. POMEROY. It has passed the House.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I withdraw the
amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
change of name of a bask.
Mr. STEWART. I now move to take up
House bill No. 1553, relating to the Central
Pacific railroad, for the purpose of reference,
i The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Nevada asks unanimous consent to
proceed at this time to the consideration of
the bill named by him.
i Mr. STEWART. Merely for the purpose
1 of reference.
