1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
OREGON INDIAN WAR ARKANSAS ELECTION.
*r. EDMUNDS. I offer the following reso-
lution. and ask for its present consideration :
Retoford, That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, directed to aommunicate to the Senate all
reports and information made to or in possession of
the War Department touching the subject embraced
in Senate bill No. 511, entitled "A bill to amend an
act entitled 'An act to provide for the payment of
expenses incurrod by the Territories of Washington
and Oregon in the suppression of Indian hostilities
therein in the year 1356, approved March 2. 1861,"'
a copy of which bill shall be transmitted to said
Secretary.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. RICE. I offer the following as an
amendment to the resolution:
Whereas it is alleged that in the late general
election in the State of Arkansas, and during the
campaign preceding said election, frauds unparal-
leled in the history of any country were resorted to
by the party in power in that State for the purpose
of controlling the eleotion, by which nearly thirty
thousand legal voters were deprived of the right of
voting at the regular polls, and over fifteen thou-
sand votes oast by repeaters or stuffed by the offioers
of ihe election were counted by the election officers
in favor of the candidates for electors for President
and Vice President upon the ticket headed by U. 8.
Grant and Henry Wilson; and whereas it is alleged
that, notwithstanding these frauds, a majority of the
legal votes cast in the State were cast for the electors
on the ticket headed by Horace Greeley and B. Gratz
Brown; and whereas the electors for President and
Yiee President on each of these tickets claim to be
elected, and have respectively met at the time and
place required by law and cast the electoral vote of
the State for different candidates for President and
Vice President: Therefore, ia order that Congress
may know in proper time which electors were actually
elected.
Hesnlced, That a oommittee of five Senators be
appointed whose duty it shall be to proceed immedi-
ately to the city of Little Rock, in said State, and
investigate all matters growing out of said election
or in any way relating thereto; that said committee
shall sit with open doors, and have power to send for
persons and papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas.
Mr. RICE. I do not suppose'there will be
any objection to its adoption.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There will be consider-
able, but I suppose you are entitled to the
floor.
Mr. RICE. Mr. President, I desire to
secure the adoption of this amendment, which-
I formerly presented as a resolution, by the
Senate with a view of getting the true inform-
ation in regard to affairs in our State before
Congress. I understand that Congress is the
proper power to decide questions of this kind,
that, the Piesident so regards it, and that it is so
held by law. Therefore, in order that there
may be a proper understanding of the facts, I
have been anxious that a committee go upon
the ground and examine the condition of
affairs in our State and investigate all matters
pertaining to the late election.
It is alleged on our part, which we are pre-
pared to prove, that after the registration had
taken place, after men had been given certifi-
cates of their right to vote, nearly thirty
thousand of them, arbitrarily, without notice,
were stricken off the registration books. A
great part of them were siricken off by what
is known as the board of review. Several
thousands, though, were stricken off without
any authority whatever after the board of
review had closed its labors and had ceased to
have any authority in the premises.
It is also alleged upon our part that as many
as fifteen thousand votes were counted that
were never cast by any actual individual ; that
these were fictitious names and fictitious votes.
Becoming aware at a certain stage of the can-
vass that these names would be stricken from
the registration books, and knowing the fact
that we had in the State at least two to one of
the legal voters, the question arose in our
minds, and we consulted upon it, to see if
there was any legal way by which we could !
attain our rights, even if those names wera
stricken from the registration. The right to i
vote in our State is a constitutional right; the I
machinery is legislative. Vv'e decided finally
that there was an approach at least to a legal
way to have the voice of this majority heard.
So we issued a circular setting forth our appre-
hensions in regard to the striking off of these
names and requesting the voters whose names
were stricken off—not voters that there was
any question about under the construction as
given to the law by the State administration,
but le^al voters under that construction—to
meet at the precincts on the day of election
aud offer their votes ; if it was ascertained
that their names were not on the books, then
to make the affidavit required by the enforce-
ment act and present that affidavit and their
ballots again ; and if they were then refused
the right of voting, to open under a general
law other polls and elect judges and clerks as
the law directed aud vote at these separate
polls and make returns as provided by law.
This has bsen done tu the extent, perhaps, of
fifteen thousand votes. Of course, the clerks
made no return of these side polls ; but the
evidence was thereby preserved ofthenumber
that voted at them, aud the ticket they voted.
The election came on. These names were
stricken from the registration books ; these
polls were held, and these votes were cast.
When the returns came to be made up at the
regular polls, the vote showed that we had at
the regular polls a clear majority of about
three thousand votes. To avoid those returns
as originally made out by the clerk counties
were thrown out, precincts were thrown out,
and other falsifications of returns made suffi-
cient for the purpose, so that it is now claimed
that the majority is three thousand the other
way. The returns were not published, as they
usually are in other Stales, in a reasonable
time after the election, but they were held
from the 5th of November to the 13th of De-
cember before we could get to see what they
did claim. On the 13th the Gazette pub-
lished what purported to be the returns from
the secretary of State's office and brought out
this majority. There is no trouble in any one
familiar with affairs in that State picking out
the counties—there were only eight or nine of
them necessary—and show just where the
changes were made that produced this result.
You can "spot" the whole majority, leavingout
the counties they threw out, in nine counties
the returns of which they give.
In the Alabama case, aud I believe in the
Louisiana case also, the Attorney General
decides that the majority of votes in a State
ought to control; that the majority of votes in a
legislative district ought to control. It is not a
very remarkable decision ; I do not know that I
should criticise it; but we want the same rule
applied to Arkansas, and we want an investi-
gation made in order that it may be applied,
thai Congress may know the facts, aud that
the Attorney General and the President may
know the facts.
It is contended that we ought to go through
the form of a coutest, and I see in the Chron-
icle of yesterday, which is semi official, an
article that is misleading in its character, and
might mislead the Administration, and I wish
to call attention to it for that reason. I will
have the Secretary read the editorial part,
and then I will call attention to the other.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" Deserted by the Democrats.—In our columns this
morning we present a vigorous legal review of the
political situation in Arkansas from the Little Rock
Daily Gazette, the Democratic organ of the State.
It admits unequivocally that the Republican candi-
dates, both State and presidential, are fairly and
legally elected by about three thousand majority.
"The Liberals decline to contest the election ac-
cording to law, but openly declare, as we have
already stated, that their candidates, who they do
not even pretend are elected according to due form
of law, will assemble on the 1st of next month,
organize a Legislature, inaugurate their Governor,
and proceed with the business of legislation.
" But the Democrats of the Gazette school refuse
to sustain the Liberals in revolution, and appar-
ently will join the Republicans in insisting that the
legally elected (lovernor must be inaugurated and
the legally elected Legislature be organized, and
that all claimants to offices must make contest
according to law.
" The possibility that the most influential Demo-
crats will stand with the Republicans in the enforce-
ment of the law further strengthens the opinion
already expressed in the Chronicle that we are
not likely to see two Legislatures this winter in
Arkansas."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour has expired, and it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the special order, which
is the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr.EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator from
Arkansas will be allowed to finish his remarks.
That is usual, I believe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator will proceed, by unanimous consent, if
there be no objection.
Mr. COLE, I should like to know whether
this discussion is to take all day, or not. If
it is, there is other important business that
ought to be transacted.
Mr. RICE. It will not take me all day.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to make a few re-
marks after my colleague gets through. I am
perfectly willing that the matter be discussed
now, but I desire to make some remarks after
he shall have concluded.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas will proceed by general
consent.
Mr. WINDOM. Subject to objection at
any time, I suppose?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Subject to
objection at any time, and the unfinished busi-
ness can be called up at any time.
Mr. RICE. Now, Mr. President, this article
in the Chronicle alludes to the Daily Gazette,
of Little Rock, as a leading Democratic paper,
and heads its article " Deserted by the Demo-
crats." The Gazette has been against us during
the whole canvass.- The Gazette and its fol-
lowers—not all of them, there have been per-
haps a few who have been deluded—have been
acting in harmony and concert with the State
administration of Arkansas. The Gazette
has acted as an ally and under the same pro-
gramme with the Little Rock Republican, the
organ of the State administration there, dur-
ing the whole campaign. The article that is
here referred to is simply a programme
article in order to operate if possible upon
Democrats who are in the reform party. It
may be, as this article says, that it is the organ
of the Democratic party, but all those Demo-
crats who have acted with the reform party
disavow and disown it. The Democratic
State central committee during the canvass
repudiated it, and it stands and is regarded by
the whole reform party, composing at least two
thirds of the voters of the State, as acting in
harmony with the other side. Therefore it is
not our authority that they are quoting, but it
is simply their own.
Secondly, I wish to call attention to that
part of this article which speaks of contesting.
Where does the contest commence in our State ?
It is in the organization of the Legislature; it
is right there that the contest necessarily com-
mences. How that shall be organized, whether
by force or by common consent, according to
the majority of those who are actually elected,
is the question. We should like an organiza-
tion of those who are elected. We are satis-
fied with that. We are satisfied to have that
determined by the supervisors appointed by
the judge of the United States circuit court;
satisfied to have it determined by the judges
of election; satisfied to have it determined
by the actual votes cast. Under the law, the
vote for Governor, secretary of State, and other
State officers, is to be counted the first week
of the session by the president of the senate
in the presence of such members of the senate
as may be present, and if that count is ob-
jected to, the contest is before the Legisla-
ture ; that is, before both houses. Thercf'c:-o
the contest commence-i in fixing who an- i In-
membersof the Legislature. Thistir'k'l'Mvh r'.t
