322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
said, of inaugurating their officers whether or
no, of course- it became the doty of the Gov-
ernor of that State to make the necessary
provision in case there should be any attempt
to overthrow the government of the State.
You will observe that the order does not ask
any one to come to the capital. It does not
put any one under marching orders. It sim-
ply requires the troops to hold themselves in
readiness in case an emergency should arise;
and I think it was a very wise precaution.
I shall not occupy the time of the Senate  ny
* further in relation to this matter. I might
take up item by item the charges the honorable
Senator has made, if I had the data before me
and were prepared to do so, as he seems to
have been prepared for this occasion, and
undertake to refute them; but is this the time
and is this the place to do it? I do not think
It is. With these few remarks I leave the case
to such action as the Senate may see proper to
take.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas, [Mr. Rice.1
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted, because it has not the
slightest relation to the subject of my inquiry,
which is an ordinary inquiry of a Department
about one particular biil upon which certain
claims depend. I express no opinion of the
amendment in and of itself. That will come
up at a proper time, I suppose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say & word in
relation to this matter. I certainly shall not
vote for this as an amendment to the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Vermont, because it
has no pertinence to it, but was proposed, I
suppose, to enable the Senator from Arkansas
to make some remarks j but since the Senator
has made his remarks, it does seem to me the
subject-matter ought to be referred to a proper
committee to see whether the tiroo has arisen
or whether the facts have arise r^to cteate a
dispute upon matters so delicate as those to
which he now alludes. It seems to me it would
be better for him to send his resolution to the
Committee on Privileges and Elections. If
there is really a dispute involving the question
as to which body of men have been legally
chosen electors of the State of Arkansas, it is
proper that the Senate should inquire into it
very thoroughly before we meet in joint con-
vention to canvass the electoral vote; and t
think it would be very proper either to send
some proper judicial officers, persons who are
capable of taking testimony, or to send a sub-
committee of the Committee on Privileges and
Elections to Arkansas to examine into the
facts alleged; but I do not think it is proper
to load down a proposition made in the ordin-
ary course of business by a resolution involving
such grave considerations as are presented by
the resolution offered by the Senator from
Arkansas. The language of the resolution is
not such as I would vote for in any case,
because it assumes facts to be true which we
do not know.
Mr. RICE. It says they are " alleged."
Mr. SHERMAN. At any rate I think that
resolution as it stands ought to be referred to
the Committee on Privileges and Elections, and
if they find that there is really a serious claim
that the people of the State of Arkansas have
been deprived of their right fairly and hon-
estly to vote for electors for President and
Vice President, and there are two bodies of
men claiming to be electors, I think we ought
to examine into it. It so happens that now the
vote of Arkansas is not material to the result
of the election, and it is one of those caseS that
we are able to examine with perfect impar-
tiality. Certainly if the electors who would'
have voted for Greeley and Brown were elected
in Arkansas we have no motive in the world
not to pronounce them duly elected by the peo-
ple of Arkansas. That is the course I suggest
to the Senator.
Mr. WINDOM obtained the floor.
Mr. RICE. Only one word.
Mr. WINDOM. I will yield for a moment.
Mr. RICE, The Senator from Ohio is mis-
taken about the resolution assuming any facts.
The language of the resolution is "whereas
it is alleged" so and so. There is no fact
stated, except in that way. The wording,
therefore, is not objectionable in that respect.
As to the suggestion that the resolution be
referred to the Committee on Privileges and
Elections, the fact that the recess commences
to-morrow and is to continue until the 6th
of January will put it clearly beyond any
useful purpose for which the resolution was
intended if snch a reference is made. I can-
not see myself why the very statement of the
case does not authorize the sending of a com-
mittee to investigate it. As the Senator from
Ohio well says, there can bo no politics in it,
because the vote of Arkansas is not necessary
in the election of President and Vice Presi-
dent ; but as a precedent with a view to the
future it might become material. If this
mode is adopted and is successful in ascertain-
ing the true electors from that State, then
we shall have a way of settling such ques-
tions in the future. As it is now we have no
precedent on the subject. I think the very
fact that that question is at issue, the very fact
that the Government has sent troops there, the
very fact that the Governor of the State has
called out the militia, aud the fact that the
friends of the other side claim and propose to
establish that their candidates are elected,
make this a fair case for the action of the Sen-
ate pow, because at any future time it would
not have the effect desired. The object of it
is peace and truth and right. We want nothing
else. We are willing to leave it to a Repub-
lican committee to say who is right and who
is wrong.
.Mr. WINDOM. Ig not the Indian appro-
priation bill before the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Wheneyer
it shfell be called up it will be before the
Senate.
Mr. WINDOM. Theq ,| call for the regu-
lar order.
Mr. CLAYTON. J 4<#e to correct the
statement of my colleague in relation to call-
ing out the militia of the State. He is mis-
taken about that.
Mr. RICE. They were ordered out.
Mr., CLAYTON. They were ordered to
hold themselves in readiness in case their ser-
vices should be needed.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore, tlie Sen-
ator from Minnesota qalls for the regular order,
which is the Indian appropriation billf and it
is before the Senate.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. President, I think it
would be utterly impossible now to complete
the Indian appropriation bill before the recess,
and as there is another appropriation bill
which is regarded as of very great importance,
and upon which it is considered by many very
desirable to act before the recess, I will ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to lay
aside the Indian appropriation bill informally
in order to make ^ motion that the Senate
proceed to consider another, appropriation
bill.
The PRESJDENTpro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota asks unanimous consent
to lay aside the Indian appropriation bill
informally. Is there objection ?
Mr. UfCE. I presume there will be no
more discussion on the question that has just
been before the Senate, and 1 should like to
have a vote upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, let us dispose of
that resolution.
Mr. WINDOM. I will not object,to a vote
beiug taken if it can be taken without further
discussion; but I do desire the Senate to take
up another appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas asks unanimous consenf
to proceed with the consideration of the reso-
lution which has been before the Senate.
Mr. WINDOM. I object if there is to be
debate. I do not object to a vote.
The PRESIDEN1 pro <mpor«. The Chair
hears no objection, and the question Is upon
the amendment of the Senator from Arkansas
to the resolution of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think this resolution
offered by the Senator from Arkansas bn.'i^
to the consideration of the Senate a wry'im-
portant matter, and that we ought to 
Mr. WINDOM. If the resolution is to be
debated I must object. I beg pardon of my
friend for feeling compelled to do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have but a v$ry few
words to say. I do not think I shall ocoupy
more than five minntes.
Mr. WINDOM. I will yield fpr five min-
utes if that will close the debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois cannot be taken from th4
1 floor after the floor has been assigned to him.
; Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish this mat-
ter to pass away from the Senate without say-
ing a few words upon it; but I \yill not inter-
fere with the Senator.
Mr, WINDOM. I ask consent, thqij, t;o lay
: aside informally the Indian appropriation bijL
I Mr. RICE. I hope we shall be allowed tq
take a vote on this resolution,
i Mr. WINDOM. It is not necessary to take
a vote on laying the Indian bill asic^e, It can
be done by unanimous consent,
j Mr. TRUMBUpL, I do pot pbject tp "Jwr-
i ipg this resolution aside inforip^lly; but I do
1 not w^nt t;he vote to be taken fjpqn it and the
resolution finally disposed of until J! h^ye.s^id,
a few words upon it.
Mr. WINDOM. My purpose tp &&P W
another appropriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What bill is fcb#i? ,
Mr. WINDOM. The deficiency which
has passed the House of Representatives,
Mr, EDMUNDS. Hp* cap you do that?
It has not been reported AS jot.
Mr. WINDOM. I propose to make a
tion with reference to rt.
Mr, EDMUNDS. I do qotthinfc: wo ought
tp do that. . ,
Mr. WINDOM. lipov# tp ha  pid$ in-
formally. the Ipdiau Appropriation pilL
Mr. EDMUNDS}. That requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. WINDOM. I mow tfcftato ,J#j the
Indian appropriation bill on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will do.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BlCt.
Mr, WINDOM. The Committee on Appro-
priations have exapined Bouse bill No. 8131,
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1873, and for other purposes, and are prepared
to report it; but in order that we may con-
sider it to-day, if a majority of the Senate de-
sire to do so, free from a single objection,-if I
am it) order 1 tpove that the Committee on
Appropriations be discharged from the further
consideration of that bill lq order that it niay
be pow considered.
Mr, EDMUNDS. I ask the Chair whether
t^at would help my friend from Minnesota any
ifl the consideration of the bill to-day, except
by unanimous consent ?
Mr. WINDOM. That is a question for the
Chai? to decide.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the com-
mittee should be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill,: u the apprehension of
the Chair the bill would lie before the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS, But this Senate has de-
cided before this time in precisely such a case,
though I do not remember what case it was at
this moment, that, although the committee was
