1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823
discharged, the bill could not be considered on
the same day. But certuiuly the committee
cannot be discharged except by a resolution,
which won! 1 have to lie over until to-morrow.
Therefore. :h.-> only way for my friend to get
at the bill is by unanimous consent. Youcau-
not consider a resolution to discharge the com-
mittee unless you give one day's notice of it.
That has bpen settled so often that it is hardly
■worth while to try that as a matter of force.
As a matter of grace it is another thing.
Mr. WINDOM. The proposition to dis-
charge the committee is a mere motion, and
I do not suppose the rules as to a resolution
would apply to it. I submit the question to
the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
hardly thinks that a motion to discharge a
committee from the further consideration of a
question is liable to objection.
Mr. CONKLING. There is a very notable
example, I think, in which the Senate held in
accordance with the view just stated by the
Chair. The Chair will remember an occasion
when a motion was made to discharge the
Judiciary Committee, I think from the Georgia
bill. There was some opposition to the mo-
tion ; but I do not think it occurred to any-
body that it was a resolution which had to lie
over one day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has been so decided.
Mr. CONKLING. Why was it not so de-
cided in that case?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Vermont make a point of order?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir. I do not care
anj tiling about this bill; I shall make no ob-
jection to its being taken up by unanimous
consent; but for the sake of preserving the
Senate from surprises, I make the point of
order and object to the motion of the Senator
from Minnesota that he must give one day's
notice or it must lie over? I feel entirely
confident that that has been the course of the
Senate, or else it has been held that when the
committee was discharged you could not con-
sider the bill on the same day, because, other-
wise, it would be a mere trick upon the rules,
which would allow a majority, when it was
understood a bill was not before the Senate,
but was in committee, to bring it forward at
any time in spite of a rule which says the re-
port must lie over one day, when Senators are
absent, and a wrong would thus be perpetrated
upon the minority. But, as I say, I do not
want to be misunderstood about it. I shall
make no objection to unanimous consent being
given. I make this point in order to preserve
some value to the rules against surprise here.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask unanimous consent
that the Committee on Appropriations be dis-
charged from the further consideration of this
bill, and that it be now considered.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to make
an objection either to the wish of the Senator
from Minnesota or to the wish of the Senator
from Vermont to have the point of order de-
cided. I do not think, however, after the
suggestion which has been made, the Senator
from Minnesota ought to adopt what is said by
the Senator from Vermont and commit the
Senate apparently to the ruling that a motion
to discharge a committee is a resolution which
must lie over for one day. I should like to
have the Chair rule that question. My recol-
lection is very distinct that it has been done in
instances where there was a very sharp oppo-
sition to it. If the practice of the Senate from
this time out is to forbid such a motion as that
or to forbid its consideration on the day when
it is made, I should like, as one Senator, to
know that. I therefore suggest to the Senator
from Minnesota to insist on his first motion.
If the Chair rules that out of order, then he
can ask for unanimous consent.
Mr. WINDOM. I only changed my request
in order to please everybody as I supposed,
and as 1 have not been sfWe to do that, I
insist on my original motion.
Mr. STEWART. This same question of
order came up in the Texas case, if my recol-
lection serves me. The Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] moved to discharge the Judi-
ciary Committee and proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill, and it was held, uffon a
motion of that kind being made and carried,
that the bill was before the Senate for action.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think if you will look
into that precedent you will find that it is
not so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The im-
pression of the Chair is, that when a commit-
tee have been discharged from the further
consideration of a question, that question is
before the Senate for present consideration.
The point raised by the Senator from Ver-
mont is one that is new to the Chair, and the
Chair will sabmit it to the Senate. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota moves that the Commit-
tee on Appropriations be discharged from
the further consideration of the deficiency bill.
The Senator from Vermont raises the point
of order that this motion is not in order except
by unanimous consent, without lying over one
day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to its consider-
ation at this time in order to raise the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will submit that question to the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. If I may be allowed, the
Senator's point is that this motion is a resolu-
tion which under the rule of the Senate apper-
taining to resolutions must lie over one day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
the point. The question is. is it necessary
for this motion to lie over one day under the
rules ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care anything
about whether the bill be taken up or not,
but I hope we Bhall not be involved in trouble
on points of order. It seems to me a motion
to discharge the committee is no more a res-
olution than a motion to postpone a bill or a
motion to do anything else of that kind. It is
simply a motion made in the ordinary course
of business. My recollection is, although I
am not positive, but the record can easily be
found by the Secretary, that that very point
was made in the Texas case. There was a
disposition on the part of the majority of the
Senate to dispose promptly of the Texas bill,
in order to secure the declaration of the rat-
ification of one of the constitutional amend-
ments.
My recollection is that I made the motion to
discharge the Committee on the Judiciary
from the further consideration of the bill, for
the purpose of bringing it before the Senate
for its immediate action, in order that the ma-
jority of the Senate might act upon it as they
thought proper. Although I do not know
whether the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bull] made the point of order or not, yet I
am quite sure he thought it was rather dis-
courteous to his committee, complained of it at
the time, and I think he made the point of
order that that motion could not be acted
upon without one day's notice ; and my recol-
lection is that it was overruled and we pro-
ceeded at once to consider the bill, and passed
it. That is the view I take of it. A motion
to discharge a committee, a motion to post-
pone, and a great number of other motions
which I might suggest, are not in the nature
of resolutions of an independent character
which require one day's delay.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The answer to that ob-
servation, I think, is entirely obvious to the
good sense of every Senator when it is stated.
A bill that is referred to a committee is not
before the Senate. It is not subject to any of
the motionsthat the rules provide may be made
upon a bill when it is under debate, such as a
motion to lay upon the table, to postpone, &c.
It is not before the Senate for action. It is
not on its table. It has been committed from
the Senate to a portion of its membersfor con-
sideration. In order to get it before the Senate,
in order to bring it within the operation of the
rules which provide for a succession of motions
when a question is under debate, or to proceed
to its consideration even, it is first necessary
that the Senate shall resolve, or order, which
is the same thing, that the committee be dis-
charged from its consideration ; and you will
find always in the Journal, instead of its being
stated that the committee was discharged, it is
" resolved"—where a motion to discharge is
made as it must be—"that the committee be
discharged," and then the bill is before the
Senate; it comes back into the possession of
the Senate for its action. And then the Chair
is perfectly right in saying, it being back, no
rule about a report of a committee applies, for
the reason that it is not a report of a com-
mittee. But if under the rules my honorable
friend were to put his motion in writing, it
would have to be in the form of a resolution
that the committee be discharged.
But I am not on mere matters of form ; I am
on the substance of the thing; and that is,
that it requires an independent act of the
Senate before the bill can be reached or be
taken up for consideration, or be before the
Senate in any way or put upon its table—an
independent act of the Senate that another
body which now has it in charge shall be re-
lieved from that charge, and the bill brought
back to the Senate where it can be considered.
Now, then, the rules declare that every order
and resolution which may be proposed shall
lie over one day for consideration.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not what the Senator
is saying equally applicable to various motions
which are always held to be in order at once?
Take for example, if I do not interrupt the
Senator, the case where a bill has passed the
Senate and gone to the House. Some Senator
moves that the House be requested to return
the bill. In form, it is a resolution. In form
and in substance, every suggestion the Senator
makes is applicable to that; and yet is it true
that you must move to-day a resolution and
then take it up to-morrow as a resolution to
ask the House to return the bill because the
bill has passed out of the possession of the
Senate in a much larger sense than it does
when it goes to a committee ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Although in listening to
the Senator I have not been able to find the
rule I am searching for, I am very much
obliged to him for that illustration, because I
answer without any hesitation in the affirmative,
that if objection be made to a motion to send a
message to the other House to bring back a
bill, it must lie over one day. The object of
this rule in respect to all resolutions, which
precede orders of the Senate, is to protect the
minority from surprise. If the rules were as
my honorable friend supposes, there is noth-
ing whatever that you cannot do without any
notice at all.
But I intended to refer to the rule on the
subject, which is the twenty-sixth, rule. In
the first place, the twenty-fifth rule provides
that—
" One days's notice, at least, shall bo given of an
intended motion for leave to bring in a bill or joint
resolution; and all bills and joint resolutions re-
ported by a committee shall, after the first reading,
be printed for the use of the Senate," &c.
Then the twenty-sixth rule provides:
"Every bill and joint resolution shall receive
three readings previous to its being passed, and the
Presiding Officer shall give notice at each whether
it be the first, second, or third; which readings shall
be on three different days, unless the Senate unan-
imously direct otherwise. And all resolutions pro-
posing amendments to the Constitution, or to which
the approbation and signature of the President may
be requisite, or which may grant money out of the
contingent or any other fund, shall be treated in all
respects, in the introduction and form of proceeding
on them, in the Senate, in a similar manner with
bills."
We now come to the point which applies to
this case t
"And all other resolutions shall lie on the table
one day for consideration, and also reports of com-
mittees."
You hare, therefore, a set of rules which
