324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
provide precisely, in order to protect minori-
ties and 10 guard against haste and surprise,
the ordinary course of a bill; how it is to be
received : how it is to be read ; how it is to be
referred ; how it is to be reported ; how it is
to be treated when it is before the Senate and
under debate. Then the rule provides :
"And nil other resolutions shall lie on the table
one day for consideration."
Take a matter of the highest privilege: the
necessity of the Senate, if you please, if we
had not agreed to adjourn over for the recess,
of adjourning over until Wednesday or Mon-
day next. A Senator makes a motion to ad-
journ over. It must lie over one day unless
the rules specifiea'ly provide otherwise, as
everybody understands. And so of a resolu-
tion to send a message to the House to bring
back a bill, the case ray friend from New York
has referred to. I am sure few Senators would
doubt i hat if objection were made, if a reso-
lution were sprung here to bring back a bill
which we had passed, it would have to lie over
one day under this rule, until Senators should
thereby have notice of it, and be able to pro
tect the rights of the minority and the major-
ity both by having notice, that all Senators
who wished to act upon it might have time to
exHmiue and reflect upon it.
While, as I say, I do not make this objec-
tion for the purpose of preventing the Senate
from taking up the bill—and very likely it
ought to be considered, because a great many
persons in distress expect to receive some
money out of it—1 think we ought to be very
siow in deciding that any one of the hundreds
of bills that are scattered among all the com-
mittees of this body is liable at any moment,
without any notice to the committee or t<> any-
body else who has charge of it, to be taken j
from that committee and put upon its passage i
or defeated, without any of the notices that j
are obliged to be given in order to protect j
St-nators in the discharge of their duties in
every other one of the relations which a bill i
before the Senate or before the committees had. '
Mr. I< RELINGHU YSEN. I should like to
ask the Senator a quebtion. If a bill isintro
duced in the Senate and the Senate refuses to
refer it to a committee, cannot a majority of
the Senate consider that bill on the same day ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir, they cannot
consider it on the same day.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. What rule does
it violate?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not on the ground that
a resolution is required to consider that, but
on the ground that a bill is required to have j
three separate readings on three different, days,
and therefore you cannot put the question,
unless ail Senators assent to it, shall this bill
be read the second time, or the third lime?
That is the rule.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That would not
constitute an exception to the Senator's prop-
osition that a day's notice must be given? I
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not in the slightest
degree. Another rale entirely protects that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My recollection is not
very distinct of the Texas case, but I think
the Senator from Ohio gave notice in that
case of his intention to move perhaps the
next day to discharge the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did do that. I gave
one day's notice, and made the motion alter
notice.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That wasall right.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the point that was
made and decided in that case was this:
whether, the Senate having discharged the
committee from the further consideration of
the bill, it could be taken up that day, and
it. was taken up that day and passed,
Mr. EDMUNDS. It the Senator from Illi-
nois will pardon me, I have the fexas case
rifiht here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I agree entirely with
what the Senator from Vermont has said as
to the impropriety of discharging a committee
and proceeding at once with a bill, because it
does seem to me it is calculated to entrap the
Senate. If the Senator wants to read a sen-
tence, I give way.
Mr. EDMUNDS. T ask the attention of
my {fiend from New York, whose recollection
is so clear on the Texas case, to the Globe
containing the record of it.
Mr. CONKLING. On the contrary, I did
not speak of the Texas case, but I spoke of
the Georgia case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg pardon. On the
28 h of March, 1870, this occurred upon the
subject of the Texas case, which is the only
one 1 remember having been referred to :
"Mr StiKiiMAX. I move that the Committee on
the Judiciary be disohargod from the further con-
sideration of the Texas bill, with a view to imme-
diate action. Of course I know that if objection is
| made to this motion it uiust eo over until to-morrow.
" The Vice Prkswknt. The Sunfttor from Ohio
submits a motion wiucU is in the nature ot a resolu-
tion, that die Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill in
regard to Texas.
"Mr. Vickkrs. I object.
" The Vick President. Objection being made,
the motion will lie over.'"
There is your precedent, Mr. President,
which was so clear for this ruling that gentle-
men stand upon.
Mr. TUUMBULL I do not wish to take
time in discussing this question. There seems
to be no objection to unanimous consent on
the pait of tiie Senate, so far as I have heard,
to the Senator from Minnesota getting up his
bill, and for the purpose of theoretically set-
tling this ques. ion of order now, it seems to ine,
j we ought uot to waste the day. But I am so
much impressed by what was said by the Sen-
ator from Vermont as to the effect of allowing
a motion to discharge a committee to be put
at once and then bring the bill immediately
before the Senate, that I think, if that is the
■ rule and the parliamentary law, it ought to be
: changed.
I For good reasons we have adopted certain
| rules for the intelligent and convenient trans-
action of our business, and among others-one,
that experience has shown to be a wise and
proper rule, is that a when it comes from
' a committee shall lie npoh the table one day
that Senators inay have ait opportunity to see
what it is, prepare amendments, and make up
their tninds in regard to it. Now, rf you can
by a motion to discharge a committee bring a
bill immediately before the Senate, committees
wishing to have a matter that is before thein
disposed of at once will adopt that course. A
committee agrees on a report. We have to
struggle here every day toward the close of
the session as to which bill shall first be taken
up. Well, committees will adopt this practice: j
instead of reporting a bill back which they
wish to have considered, and asking unaui- '
mous consent for its consideration, and run-
ning the hazard of an objection from some one '
; individual Senator, they will instruct their
chairman to move to discharge the committee
and bring the bill at once before the Senate,
and in that way the spirit of the rule would
! be avoided If we are to settle this question I
now, when there seems to be no necessity for
it, I shall vote so as to give effect to what I
understand to be the spirit of the rule, and 1
think we had better repeal the rule if it can
be avoided in this way.
Mr. POMEltOY. I think we had better |
proceed by unanimous consent. Somebody :
will object to the final reading. We cannot
read the bill more than Once to day.
llr. TRUMBULL. That is true. We all
see that it will be impossible for the Senator
from Minnesota to get final action on his bill
to-day if any Senator makes the point.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Can you not discharge
the third reading by some mode?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is hardly
serious in asking that question. Why can we
not proceed by general consent? 1 have no
objection to taking up the bill. There is force
in the suggestion which hag been made that
the bill which the Senator from Minnesota de-
sires to take up contains an appropriation to
pay for work already done. Now, [ do not
know whether I shall vote for that appropria-
tion, but if a bill of that character is to pass,
and contractors and laborers are suffering for
the want of money they have already earned,
it seems to me we cannot more profitably
spend the afternoon than in considering the
bill.
i Mr. POME ROY. I desire to say that I have
not seen this bill. Perhaps it has been read
tw'ce already.
Air. CONKLFNG. Certainly, it was read
twice and referred to the committee hereto-
fore; therefore the question of reading can-
not arise.
Mr. POME ROY. If - it has had two read-
ings already, it can have a third to-day.
Mr. CONK LING. If the suggestion I made
is deemed to stand in the way of unanimous
consent, I will withdraw it. The instance 1
referred to was not the Texas bill; the Sen
ator from Nevada and the Senator from Ohio
spoke of that; my memory was and is that in
another instance the Judiciary Committee was
discharged from a bill, the Senate proceeding
to go on and concluding it the same day. 1 did
not speak of it with great confidence, and cer-
tainly I do not now after the record which the
Senator from Vermont has prodnced ; but if
the suggestion that I made is likely to stand in
the way of the dispatch of business, I will
withdraw it if in the nature of an objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As we have now dis-
cussed this point and have got at the latest
precedent on it and have exhausted ourselves
in debate on it, I think we had better take the
sense of the Senate on this most important
question, which may affect us the day after to-
morrow if we are here then, and every other
day, and have it determined one way or the
other, because I want to know for certain what
the rule is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Minnesota moves to discharge the
Committee on Appropriations from the further
consideration of the deficiency bill. The Sena-
tor from Vermont raises the point of order
that the motion cannot be made except by
unanimous consent, or that it must He over
'one day. The question is, is the motion of
the Senator from Minnesota in order; and
this Question lias been submitted to the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I desire simply to' make
the suggestion that, in my opinion a mere mo-
tion, as a motion to adjourn, a motion to dis-
charge a committee, is not a resolution within
the meaning of the rule which requires it to
lie over one day. A motion and a resolution
are distinguishable things.
Mr. THURMAN. Do I understand that
the Chair is about to submit the question to
the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has submitted the question to the Senate
whether it is in order to proceed to the con-
sideration of the motion of the Senator from
Minnesota to-day.
Mr. THURMAN. I believe it would be in
accordance with the usage, although the Chair
has submitted it to the Senate, for the Chair
to state his own views oti the question, and I
for one would like to hear them, as I know
nothing about it myself. I should like to
know what opinion the Chair entertains of it,
although he has submitted it to the Senate.
The PRESiDENT pro tempore. In the
opinion of the Chair the motion cannot be
entertained to-day except by general consent.
That is settled by the precedent which lia?
been cited. The question is, can the motion
be entertained to-day?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas and
nays. 'This is a very important matter.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Will this be establish-
ing a precedent? The Chair has decided that
this motion cannot be entertained to-day.
