THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
,Mi. HAMLIN. I submit a resolution in
these words:
Resolved, That all the votes" of the electoral col-
lege of Mississippi be counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
has been submitted,-by unanimous consent of
the Senate, in regard to this one elector.
Mr. HAMLIN. When we resolve that all
be counted, that includes the one elector.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
being now submitted to the Senate in regard to
the appoiatment of one elector, the Senator
from Maine moves a resolution of the Senate
to decide that question, that the votes of all
the electors shall be counted. The Chair will
submit that resolution to the Senate.
Mr. HAM UN. I will change my motion
so as to read "resolved, that the vote cast
by the elector Spelltnan," if that is his name,
" be counted."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine moves that the vote cast by this
elector shall be counted. Does the .Senator
desire the statute of the United States to be
read? ["Not" "No!"]
Mr. EDMUNDS. We are all agreed about
that. t
Mr. THURMAN. What became of the reso-
lution offered by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull ?]
The VICE PRESIDENT. With his consent
and the unanimous consent of. the Senate, it
■was reserved until the case of this one elector
was .disposed of by, the decision of the Senate:
Mr. , THURMAN. What motion is now
made?
The VigiEf PRESIDENT. A motion is
made by the Senator, from Maine that the vote
of this elector shall be counted.
Mr. THURMAN. I shall vote for it on
account of the statute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Maine.
Does auy-Senator desire it to be specifically
reduced to writing? ["Yes!"] It will be
reported.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as
follows:
Resolved, That the vote cast by James J. Spell-
man, one of the electors for the State of Mississippi,
be counted.
"Mr. CARPENTER. I want to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator from Maine as to the
form of that resolution. It seems to me that
it would be very singular to say that the vote
cast by that man shall be counted. Suppose
the votes should have been cast for ten differ-
ent men, how can we tell who that man voted
for?
Mr. SHERMAN. They all voted the same
way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to ?he resolution of the Senator
from Maine, that the vote of James J. Spell-
man shall be connted.
The resolution was agreed to.
I'he VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on the resolution of the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] that the votes
of the electors from Mississippi shall be
counted.
•The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that a message
if «gnt House of Representatives that
the Senate are ready to proceed with the count.
The motion was agreed to.
MANCHESTER SALT WORKS—VETO MESSAGK.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Babcock, his
The VICE PRESIDENT. At this point,
with the consent ot the Senate, the Chair will
submit a message from the: President, return-
ing with his objections a bill originating in the
Senate.
The message was read, as follows:'
2b the Senate of the United States ••
J herewith, without my approval, Senate
bill Wo. 161, entitled An act for the relief of those
suffering from the destruction of salt works near
Manchester, Kentucky, pursuant to the order of
Major General Carlos Bueil."
*A11 the objections made by me to the bill for the
relief of J. Milton Best, and also of the East Tennes-
see University, apply with equal force to this bill.
According to the official report of Brigadier Gen-
eral Craft, by whose immediate command the prop-
erty in question was destroyed, there was "a largo
rebel force in the neighborhood who were using the
salt works, and had carried away a considerable
quantity, of salt, and were preparing to take more,
as soon as the necessary transportation could bepro-
cured; and he further states 4 that the leaders of the
rebellion calculated upon their supply of salt to
come from these works," and that in his opinion
their destruction was a military necessity. I under-
stand him to say, in effect, that the salt works were
captured from the rebels, that it was impracticable
to hold them, and that they were demolished, so as
to be of no further use to the enemy.
I cannot agree that the owners of property de-
stroyed under such circumstances are entitled to
compensation therefor from the United States.
Whatever other View may be taken of the subject,
it is incontrovertible that these salt works were
destroyed by the Union Army while engaged in reg-
ular military operations, and that the sole object
of their destruction was to weaken, cripple, or
defeat the armies of the so-called southern confed-
eracy.
I am greatly apprehensive that the allowance of
this claim could, and would, be construed into, the
recognition of a principle binding theUnited States
to pay for all property which their military forces
destroyed in the late war for the Union. No liabil-
ity by the Government to pay for property destroyed
by the Union forces in conducting a battle or siege
has yet been claimed; but the precedent proposed
by this bill leads directly and strongly in that direc-
tion} for it is difficult upon any ground of reason or
justice to distinguish between a case of that kind
and the one under consideration. Had General Craft
and his command destroyed the salt works by shell-
ing out the enemy found in their actual occupancy,
the case would not have been different in principle
from the one presented in this bill. What possible
difference can it make in, the rights of owners or the
obligations of the Government whether tho destruc-
tion was in driving the enemy out or in keeping
them out of the possession of the salt works?
This bill does not present a case where private
property is taken for public use in any sense of the
Constitution. It was not taken from the owners,
but from the enemy; and it was not then used by the
Government, but destroyed. Its destruction was
one of the casualties of war; and though not hap-
pening in actual conflict, was perhaps as disastrous
to the rebels as would have heen a victory m battle.
Owners of properry destroyed to prevent the
spread ot a conflagration, as a general rule, are not
entitled to compensation therefor; and tor reasons
equally strong, the necessary destruction of prop-
erty found in the hands of the public enemy, and
constituting a part of their military supplies, does
not entitle the owner to indemnity from the Gov-
ernment for damages to him in that way.
appreciate the hardship of the case, and
would be glad if my convictions of duty allowed me
tojom in the proposed relief. Bui I cannot consent
to the doctrine which is found in this bill as it seems
y ^hich the national Treasury is exposed to
all claims for property injured or destroyed by the
armies of the United States in the late protracted
and destructive war in this country.
U. S. GRANT.'
Executive Mansion, February 11,1B73.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the message and
bill be referred to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. K.
No. 3351) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30, 1874. and
for other purposes.
The question being put; the motion was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is before
the Senate, and will be read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not make any objec-
tion to taking this bill up by unanimous con-
sent; but I do not think under the twenty-
second joint rule, or under the proprieties of
the occasion, we ought to undertake to do
legislative business when we are engaged in
deciding these questions and are supposed to
be on our way back again to the House of
.Representatives. I think we ought to be re-
quired by a proper construction of the rule to
devote ourselves to this business and to noth-
ing else until it is done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Cbair will
submit that question to the Senate.
Mr* COLE. I should like to hear the rule
read.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
express no opinion about it as to what length
of time might be consumed in deciding the
question. The Senator from Vermont makes
the point of order that while there is a ques-
tion pending between the two Houses in regard
to counting electoral votes, no other business
ean intervene. The Chair regrets, therefore,
that he submitted a message, and he will sub-
mit that question to the Senate. The question
is, whether the Chair shall decline to receive
any business whatever during the pendency
of questions between the two Houses in regard
to the electoral votes.
Mr. SHERMAN. That depends on the
rule, and I should like to have it reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the portions of the twenty second
joint rule bearing on this question.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
M If, upon the reading of any such certificate by
the tellers, any question shall arise in regard to
counting the votes therein certified, the same hav-
ing been stated by the Presiding Officer, the Senate
shall thereupon withdraw, and said question shall
be submitted to that body for its decision; and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives shall, in
like manner, submit said question to the House of
Representatives for its decision; and rio question
shall be decided affirmatively, and no yote objected
to shall be counted, except by the concurrent votes of
the two Houses; which being obtained,the tw.o Houses
shall immediately reassemble, and the , Presiding
Officer shall then announce the decision of the ques-
tion submitted, and upon any such question there
shall be no debate in either House; and any other
question pertinent to the object for which the two
Houses areassembled may besubmitted and determ-
ined in like manner/' * * * * *
" Such joint meeting shall not be dissolved until
the electoral votes are all counted and the result
declared; and nu recess shall be taken unless a ques-
tion shall have arisen in regard to counting any of
such votes, in which case it shall be competent for
either House, acting separately, in the manner here-
inbefore provided, to direct a rece>s, not beyond the
next day at the hour of one o'clock p. m.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise no-w to state pre-
cisely my point of order. It is that under this
joint rule we are, as the dignity of the occa-
sion requires, executing the joint order of the
two Houses and our duties under the Con-
stitution of the United States, and that our
presence here is not for the purpose of legis-
lative business at all, but is to carry out a part
of_ the functions devolved upon us by this
joint rule, and that we have no right, there-
fore, to engage in any other business until we
have completed the execution of the order,
the duty that this joint rule imposes upon us.
Mr. HOWE. I think there is a better evi-
dence that we can attend to legislative business
than anything that that rule furnishes; and
that is, the evidence that a justice of the peace
found of his right to try an action of eject-
ment ; we have just done that business.
Mr. fiDMUNDS. We ought not to have
done it.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Vermont
replies that we ought not to have done it. I
do not find anything in the rule, nor anything
in the Constitution of the United States, and
I do not know of anything in the by-laws,
which requires the Senate sitting here, always
the Senate of the United States while it does
sit here, to sit still with its fingers in its mouth,
or to sit here listless and inactive. We are
not executing the joint rule, in my judgment:
we are not in the other House; we are only a
Senate, nothing less than the Senate; and I
sorry to say we are nothing more.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My answer to that is, if
it is in order, that my friend is mistaken in
saying we are not executing this joint rule.
We are. That is precisely the purpose for
which we returned to this Chamber, to per-
form a special duty, and. our special duty is, to
thfe exclusion of everything else, to go on with
the performance of this business until the result
shall have been reached in the determination
of this vote. Otherwise, it might happen in
high party times, with the Senate equally
divided or otherwise, that legislative business
being teken up, a factious minority (&nd I do
not speak of the present minority, because we
all know it- is not factious, quite the rfeversr)
