1873,
TUB CON&RESSIOK-AiL GLOBE.
might,keep us here over legislative business
opce up to any length of time and frustrate
the carrying out of the order.
, The, VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sen-
ator suspend to receive a message from the
House of Representatives ?
Mr. EDMUNDS, tes, sir; I suppose that
will end this matter.
action os tub house.
Mr. McPhebson, the Clerk of the House of
Representatives, appeared at the bar of the
Senate and delivered the following message:
Mr. President, I am directed by the House
of Representatives to inform the Senate that
the House of Representatives has'acted on the
question submitted this day by the joint con,'
vention of the two. House in reference to couat-
ing the votes for President and Vice President
of the United States, and has adopted the fol-
lowing resolutions:
Resolved, That in the judgment of the House of
Representatives the votes reported by the tellers as
having been cast by the electors of the State of
Georgia for Horace Greeley, of New York, for Presi-
dent,of the United States, ought not to ,be counted,
the said Horace Greeley h&ving died before said
votes were cast. '
Resolved, Thatin the judgment.of this House the
eight votes reported by thetellers, as cast by electors
in and for the State of Mississippi' ought to be
counted as reported by them.
Resolved, Thatthe electors of the State of Missis-
sippi having been appointed in the manner directed
by'the 'Legislature of that State, in accordance with
the provisions of the Constitution o'f the United
States, were legally elected, and the vote of the
State as cast by them should be counted, and that
the certificate of the Governor of that State of the
electoral votes cast, and the certificate of the secre-
tary of State of the laws of that State in regard to
the choice of electors is a compliance with the-Con-
stitution and laws of the United States.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio by courtesy would be entitled to the
floor as the teller on the part of the Senate.
Mr. STEVENSON. I only wanted to make
an inquiry, whether it would not be proper for
the Senate to inform the House of its action.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has been
done.
counting or presidential votes.
Mr".' SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the Hall of the House of .Rep-
resentatives.
The motion was agreed to; and (at three
o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the Senate
again proceeded to the Hall of the House of
Representatives.
The Senate returned to its Chamber at four
o'clock and twenty-four minutes p. m.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senate that the two objections
made in the Representative Hall to the count-
ing 'of the electoral votes of Texas are now
being reduced to writing and, will be sent here
in a moment. They will, be reported in full
when they shall be received. One was in re-
gard to the absence of the Governor's signa-
ture, and the other in regard to the right of
four electors to elect four others, in the
mean time the Secretary will report the sub-
stantial points, so that they shall be before the
Senate. The' Secretary will first report the
certificate of election of these electors.
The Secretary read as follows:
r , Djwaktment of State,
ll- s-J Austin, December 4,1872.
The following named persons having received the
highest, number of votes cast for electors of Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United States, are
hereby declared duly eiected as such: E.B. Hub-
bard, A. T. Rainey, B. H. Epperson. J. J. Good,
Thomas Harrison, John Ireland, S. H. Damon, J.
M. Maxey. , , . ,
Witness my hand and official seal at office m the
rr „ -> city of Austin, this 4th day of December, A.
IL. 8 ] D 1872. J. E. OLDKIGHT,
Acting Secretary of State.
' - '•* Austin^ Texas, December 4,1872.
Th is being the first' We^n'esciay hi December, 1872,
and the time appointed'jt>Y law for the meeting-Oi
the electors of the various States for tho election ot
President and Vice President of the United States,
We, B. . Epperson, Thonnas Harnsob, John J.
Good, and S. il. Darden, [electors chosen by the
State of Texas, ,have assembled at the capitol at
^tfe^teteTTexasl PUrP°Se °f CaSUng the TOte
  Pearrog now, at two o'clook p. m>, that
the following persons, also chosen hy the said State
ot Texas, are absent, namely : A. T. Kainey, J, M.
Maxey, John Ireland, and Ri B. Hubbard.
Therefore, acting under the authority of the law
ot Texas, we hereby appoint the. following per-
sons as electors of the State of'Texas to cast the
vote thereof for President and Vice President of
the United States in the place and stead of said
absentees, namely: David Sheeks in place of A. T.
Kainey, John A. Green in place of J. M. Maxey. F.
W. Moore in pkoe of John Ireland, and C. S. West
in place of K. .B.Hubbard.
To ail of whicfr we certify.
B. II. EPPERSON,
THOMAS HARRISON,
JOHN J. GOOD,
STEPHEN H. DARDEN.
..The VICE PRESIDENT. ; the first objec-
tion is against counting th.e v,Qt.es in conse-
quence of the absence of the signature of the
Governor. The question before the Senate for
its decision is whether' the votes shall be
counted.
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the reading of
the third section of the act of Congress of 1792
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be'no
objection, the Secretary will report the third
section of the act of 1792, to be found on naee
306 of McDonald's Digest.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
V Sec. 3. And be if further enacted, That the exec-
utive authority of each State shall cause three lists
of the naiies of the electors Of such'State to be made
and certified, to be delivered to tho electors on or
before the said first Wednesday in December, and
the said electors shall annex one of the said lists to
each of the lists of their votes."
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the objection
which has just been read be overruled by the
Senate, which I believe to be a proper form
of resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York moves that the first objection
to the counting of the votes of Texas made in
the presence of the two Houses be overruled.
Mr. THURMAN. What is that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the absence
of the signature of the Governor; that the cer-
tificate of the election of electors is by the
acting secretary of State jvith the seal of the
State, but does not have to it the signature of
the Governor. The objections are being copied
in the House, but they ha,ve not yet been sent
to the Secretary's desk, it appears.
Mr, THURMAN. Has the act'of Congress
been read ?
Mr. CONKLING. The third section has
been read, which is that in relation to the
executive authority.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York moves that the first objection
be overruled by the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ts that in writing ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to it.
Mr. CONKLING. The Secretary, I believe,
has reduced it to writing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be. reported.
Mr. CONKLING. It is:
That the foregoing objection be over-
Reiolved,
ruled.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Secretary
has written it in another form, but he will
reduce it to writing in the language of the
Senator.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to the
Senator whether it is not a more correct and
proper form to say :
Resolved, That the vote be counted, the foregoing
objection to the contrary notwithstanding. •
Mr. CONKLING. I have no objection to
that. The Senator 'from Maine suggests that
my resolution read:
Resolved, That the vote of the State in question be
counted, the foregoing objection to tho contrary
notwithstanding. • >
I have no objection to that, although my^
impression, is that the simpler way is.to sustain
or overrule the objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Chair will
state that there is another objection as to' the
right of four electors to appoint fohr others,
which bas not vet beeh submitted. •
Mr. CONKLING; I do not include tirat,
because the Chair suggested, when we were
here before, the convenience, if hot the pro-
priety, of attting separately on thesfe Questions.
I humbly conceive that there is nothing what-
ever in the other objection, and I would em-
brace it in this resolution if it were convenient
to do so; but for the present I move that the
objection be overruled which asserts that be-
cause the secretary of State has done this the
executive authority of the State has not done it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state this first objection when the two Houses
assemble, and the Senator moves that the first
objection, as. understood now tp be read, be
overruled. The Secretary has the resolution
in writing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let; it be sported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That tho electoral vote of theState>of
Texas bo oouqted, notwithstanding the foregoing
objection. ■ ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to strike out
allofthe resolution after the word " resolved "
and insert what I send to the Chair. ' . ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois offers a substitute for the resolu-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question is whether
we can Overrule a direct act of Congress. If
so, you can prove by parol how States vote.
Mr. CONKLINQ. As that is in the nature
of debate, I will say that the purpose of my
resolution is to assert that the act of Congi-esa
has been precisely complied with. Therefore
I do not understand that' there is any such
question here at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As Senators
have now spoken on both sides, the Chair
must enforce the rule. He was listening for
the moment to the Secretary, who has brought
him the first objection, the objection made by
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,j
which will now be read:
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Mr. Teumbull objects to the vote of the State' of
Texas because there is no certificato by the execu-
tive authority of that State that tho persons who
voted for President and Vice President were ap-
pointed as electors of that State as required by the
act of Congress.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York now offers the following
resolution :
Resolved, That tho electoral vote of the State of
Texas be counted, notwithstanding the foregoing
objection.
The Senator from Illinois moves to strike
out all of the resolution after the word "-re-
solved" and insert a substitute which will be
reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That no list of the names of tho persons assuming
to cast the vote of tho Stato of Texas for President
and Vice President having been made, certified,
and delrveied to said persons, not attachod'to the
lists of the votos cast, tho vote of said State cannot
be received.
Mr. THURMAN. I rise merely to suggest
that the same course be taken' in this case as
was in the other case. If the resolution of the
Senator from Now York be adopted, itincludes
both quesiions. Let us have the other ques-
tion acted on first. I think it is duo to the
Representative from Pennsylvania who made
the other objection that we shall take that up
first before going into a part and deciding upon
that..
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to submitting the second question first;
that is to say, as to the authority of the four
electors to appoint the other four 'i
Mr. CONKLING. I have no objection to
it, for one, if the Senator prefers it.
Mr. THURMAN. -I prefer that.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois object to the proposition of
