1290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
the Senator from Ohio ? He desires to* have
the second question taken first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection.
Mr. MORTON. I submit the statute of
Texas on the subject and ask to ba,ve it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
State what he understands to be the decision
of the Senate: that the second objection shall
first be considered. The Secretary will report
the objection of the Representative from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Dickey.]
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Mr. Dickey objects to the counting of the elect-
oral vote of the State of Texas because four elect-
ors, less than a majority of those elected, undertook
to fill the places of other four electors who had been
elected and were absent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana now desires to have the law of
Texas reported without debating it. It there
be no objection the Secretary will report it.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator want
the law reported on this point or on the
other?
Mr. MORTON. In reference to this point,
I ask the Secretary to read article thirty-six
hundred and fifty.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the law'will be reported without
debate.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Sec.3650. If any person so chosen as elector shall
by death or other disabling cause fail to attend by
the hour of two o'clock in the afternoon of the day
pointed out in this act, and vote as hereby required,
a majority of the electors present, after having con-
vened in accordance with the provisions of this act,
may appoint some other person to act in the place
of the absentee, and shall immediately report their
action to the secretary of State aforesaid."
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose nobody will
contend, in the face of that statute, that these
four had not a right to appoint. Therefore I
submit a motion about that also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York moves that this objection of
the Representative from Pennsylvania to the
counting of the electoral votes of Texas, for
the reason stated, be overruled, on behalf of
the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on the substitute offered by the
Senator from Illinois for the resolution of the
Senator from New York.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have modified it
slightly. My amendment now is to strike out
all after the word "resolved" in the resolu-
tion pending, and insert:
That no list of the names of the persons assuming
to cast the vote of the State of Texas for President
and Vice President having been made, certified, and
delivered to said persons by the executive authority
of said State, nor attached to the lists of the votes
cast, the vote of said State cannot be received.
I ask to have the clause in the constitution
of Texas read, which I believe the Senator
from Indiana has, stating what the executive
authority of that State is. Will the Senator
from Indiana be good enough to send up to the
desk the constitution of Texas, that the clause
may be read?
Mr. MORTON. It has just been sent back
to the Library; but it will be here in a moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the executive au-
thority vested in the Governor? That is the
question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the resolution of the Senator from
New York, and the proposed substitute of the
Senator from Illinois as modified.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the reso-
lution.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed the
following resolutions:
Resolved, That in the judgment of this House the
vote of Texas should be counted as reported by the
tellers,
Heiohed, That a quorum is an arbitrary number
which each State has a right to establish for itself;
and as it does notappearthatthechaiceof the elect"
ors is iu conflict with tbe laws of Texas as to a Quo*
rum for the transaction of business, the Votes ot the
electors for President and Vice President should be
counted.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, I wish to raise a
question of order, not to abridge the privileges
of any Senator, but that we may act on a uni-
form understanding. I raise the point of order
that the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois, in so far as it argues stating the objection
made by one Senator, or in so far as ft assigns
reasons, in the language of the point of order
submitted by the Senator from Vermont, is out
of order, the purpose here being simply to de-
termine whether the votes shall or shall not be
counted. Of course I refer to that part of the
amendment which recitcs certain alleged facts
or arguments. I insist they are foreign to the
purpose and out of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
substitute of the Senator from Illinois was
about being reported when the Clerk of the
House of Representatives appeared. It will
be reported, and the Chair will entertain the
point of order made by the Senator from New
York after it shall have been read. The Sen-
ator from Illinois moves to strike out the reso-
lution after the resolving clause and insert what
will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The words proposed to
be inserted are:
That no list of the names of the persons assum-
ing to cast the vote of the State of Texas for Presi-
dent and Vice President having been made, certified,
and delivered to said persons by the executive au-
thority of said State, nor attached to the lists of the
votes cast, the vote of said State cannot be counted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate have
twice decided on questions kindred to this 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think very different.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
regards this as a different question, and the
Chair will submit it to the Senate, whether
they will receive the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Illinois as against the point
of order raised by the Senator from New
York.
The question being put on receiving the
amendment,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
"Will the Senate receive this amendment of the
Senator from Illinois to the proposition of the
Senator from New York as being in order
under the twenty-second joint rule?"
Mr. CONKLING. Although I have not a
right to do it myself, I think it would be con-
venient if the Chair would be good enough to
state to the Senate the foundation of the point
of order, as I see that Senators did not attend
to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
sometimes so unfortunate as not to be able to
quote exactly the language; but as he under-
stands it the point of order made by the Sen-
ator from New York is, that the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois partakes of the
nature of argument in stating facts instead of
deciding the question. Is that the point?
Mr. CONKLING. That is sufficient.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
will the Senate receive this amendment?
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted-—yeas 31, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Carpenter,
Clayton, Cooper, Davis, Fcnton, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Hill,
Kelly, Machen, Morton, Norwood, Pool, Pratt, Kan-
som.Rice,Robertson, Schurz, Scott, Stewart, Stock-
ton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Windom, and
Wright—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Caldwell, Cas-
serly, Cole, Conkling, Edmunds, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston,
Nye, Sprague, Stevenson, and Vickers—15.
ABSEN f—Messrs, Alcorn, Blair, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Chandler, Corbett, Cragin,
Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hitoheock, Howe,
Lewis, Logan. Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont,Osborn, Patterson, Potneroy, Ramsey, Sauls-
Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer, Sumner, West,
and W llson—27.
I The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
is received. The question is on agreeing to it
as a substitute for the resolution of the Sen-
ator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING called for the yeas and
nays ; and they were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to have the
resolution read.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution submitted
by the Senator from New York [Mr. Conk-
ling] is as follows:
Resolved, That the electoral vote of the State of
Texas be counted, notwithstanding the foregoing
objection.
The amendment of the Senator from Illi-
inois [Mr. Trumbull] is to strike out all after
the word " resolved " and to insert the follow-
ing:
That no list of the names of persons assuming to
cast the vote of the State of Texas for President
and Vice President having been made, certified, and
delivered to said persons by the executive authority
of said State, nor attached to the lists of the votes
oast, the vote of said State cannot be eounted.
Mr. THURMAN. I think it is proper that
the Senate should hear the provisions of the
constitution of Texas in regard to the execu-
tive authority and the seal of the State. The
first section of article four reads as follows :
"The executive department of the State shall
consist of a chief magistrate, who shall be styled
the Governor, a Lieutenant Governor, secretary of
State, comptroller of the public accounts, treasurer,
commissioner of the general land office, attorney
general, and superintendent of public instruction.
The eighteenth section of the same article
provides as follows:
"There shall be a seal of the State, which shall be
kept by the Governor and used by him officially.
The seal shall be a star of five point;, encircled by
an olive and live-oak branches, and the words,' the
State of Texas.'"
Mr. CONKLING. Now I want to inquire
as a matter of fact, either with or without the
reading of the certificate, does the seal appear
here and also the signature of the secretary
of State?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The seal does
appear here with the signature of the secretary
of State of Texas with the heading " Depart-
ment of State, Austin."
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to know, and ask
the Secretary to report, whether the great
seal of the State of Texas is appended to the
certificate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is. The Sec-
retary can answer if the Senator from Dela-
ware prefers.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not certain that this
seal is the great seal of the State. It is the
seal of the department of State, apparently.
Mr. BAYARD. What department ?
" Mr. SHERMAN. The department of State
of the State of Texas. It has a lone star and
the words " department of State."
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask for the reading of
the seal by the Secretary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report as far as possible so as to convey
to the Senate the superscription on the seal.
Perhaps the Secretary had better read the
whole certificate.
The Chief Clerk. The certificate reads:
rT _ -. Department of State,
L J Austin, December 4,1872.
The following-named persons having received the
highest numberof votes oast for electors for Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United States, are
hereby declared duly elected as such.
Then follow the names of the electors.
Witness my hand and official seal at office in the
r, „ i city of Austin this 4th day of December,
A. D. 1872. J. E. OLDRIGHT,
Acting Secretary of State.
To this paper is attached at the left hand
corner on the top of the page what purports
to be the seal of the State of Texas.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Secretary to
state whether the seal contains the coat of
arms of the State, namely, the lone star, and
" Texas" printed upon that star.
The Chief Clerk. It does.
Mr. THURMAN. That is a mere Drint.
Mr. CONKLING. It is the great seal of
