1873.-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBl.
1293
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illiftois objects to debate. The paiper offered
by the Senator from Illinois as an amendment
having been read as far as the Secretary had
progfessed with it, the Senator from Louisiana
makes ihe point of order that sufficient has
been read to disclose the fact that it is not in
order under the twenty-second joint rule. The
Chair -submits that question to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Caaiuot the Senate hear
it read before deciding upon it? It is nearly
through.
Mr. SHERMAN. You might a? well send
up the Congressional Globe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a question
to be decided by the Senate, as the Chair has
stated. Is the'Senate ready for the question?
Mr. TRtJMBULLi What is the question ?
"Whether my amendment shall be read?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
whether the Senate will receive this as an
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Without having it read?
The VICE PRESIDENT. As far as it has
been read, it having been sufficiently disclosed
by the reading that it is not in order under
the twenty-second joint' rule. That is the
point made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Chair will bear
witness that the amendment of the Senator
from New York was read once or twite before
wo voted on it.
Mr. CONKLING. Not after the point of
order?
Mr. STEVENSON. Tsitnot the right of
a Senator to have a paper read ? How can
we vote knowingly without having it read?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Each Senator
votes on the part which has been read. The
Senator from Louisiana makes the point of
order that that- discloses the fact that this
proposition is not in order under the twenty-,
second joint .rule; and if there is any doubt
about it Senators will vote in the negative so
that it.shall be read through.
Mr. STEVENSON. I submit to the Pre-
siding Officer of the Senate whether a Senator
has ndt the privilege of having every paper
read for information that he is called, upon to
vote on. : '
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not always. If
amotion to adjourn was made, aSenator would
not have a right to have a paper read pending
that motion. ' ,
Mr. STEVENSON. Can the Clerk be in-
terrupted in the middle of the reading of a
paper ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
he can. For instance, if pending the resolution
of the Senator from New Jersey, now before
the body, some Senator should move an appro-
priation bill as an amendment to it, the Chair
would think.its reading could be interrupted,
as not being .in order. But the Chair desired
the paper to "be read; his preference was .that
it should be read, but the Senator from Louis-
i&tfa mad& the point.
Mr. WEST. And I now renew it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That point of
order is before the Senate, and they are about
to decide it. , , ,.
Mr. CONKLING, (to Mr. West.) Let us
vote ; that is all you want.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators, you
who are in favor of considering the amend-
ment as far as read, in order, under the twenty-
second joint rule, will say ay; those opposed
will say no.
Mr. STEVENSON-. I ask for the yeas and
nays. This is an important question; it ap-
plies not to to-day alone, but to all .
The yeas and nays were ordered; ana being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Carpenter,
Cooper, Fenton, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin,
Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Maehen,
Rice. Saulsbury, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman,
Tipton, Trumbull, and Vickers—sa. r«ld-
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Oala
well. Chandler, Clayton. Colo, Conknng, Corbett,
Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen* Gilbert, Har-
lan, Howe, Logan, Mtfrriil of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Nyo, Pool, Rauisey. Sawyer, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, and "West—29.
ABS-EN'JS-Mcssrfi. Alcorn, Stair, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Davis, Goldthwaite* Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hitchcock, Lewis, t Morton, Osborh,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Robertson, Sch'urz,
Scott, Spencer, Sumner, Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—23.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate
refuses to receive the amendment, so far as
read, as in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the rest of the
paper which I sent up to the Chair as an
amendment to the resolution pending. [Laugh-
ter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois offers the remaining part of the
paper. The Secretary will report it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the votes of the olectors declared
to have been elected as aforesaid by the Governor
of the State of Louisiana aTQ entitled to be counted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquire if the Secre-
tary had read all but that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He had.
Mr. TRUMBULL. All but that? [Laugh-
ter. ]-
The VICE PRESIDENT. He had. The
question is" on the amendment of the Senator
from'IUinois.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
original resolution reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The original
resolution will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That all tho objections having boon con-
sidered, no electoral vote purporting to bo that of
the State of Louisiana be counted.
The Chief Clerk also read the amendment
of Mr. Trcmbuh,.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I rise to a point of
order, sir. The point is this: there was only
one resolution in that paper, and we have voted
upon that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
mistaken. The reading of the preamble, which
was quite lengthy, had just been completed,
and the Secretary had reached the resolution
but had not read it, when the Senator from
Louisiana made a point on what had been
read, and the Senate ruled that out; but the
resolution itself was not ruled out; and the
question now is on agreeing to the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois to the resolution
of the Senator "from Wisconsin.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays. It is an important question whether a
return in all respects in conformity with law
shall be received.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is debate.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 20, nays 35 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayatd, Casserly, Cooper, Fenton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of Maryland, John-
ston. Kelly, Machen, Ransom, Kice, Saulsbury,
Schurz, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, lhurman,
Tipton, Trumbull, and Vickers—20 •
HAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling,
Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flan-
agan Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamhn. Harlan.-Hil 1,
llitchdock, llowe, Logan Morrill of Maine Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Norwood, Nye, Pool, Ram-
" sey, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart,
^ABSENT*—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Davis. Goldthwaite, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Lewis, Osborn Patterson, Pomeroy.
Pratt, Spencer, Sumner, Wilson, ,Windom, and
Wright—18.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the resolution of the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter.]
Mr. THURMAN. I call tor the yeas and
nays on that. .
The yeas and nays were ordered ; ana being
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 10; as follows:
YlJAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, llanagan, Frelmg
hnvsen Gilbert. Hamlin. Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock,
Howe, Logan, Morrill ofM.iine, Morrill ot Vermont,
Morton, Norwood; Nye., Pool, Ramsey, Robertson.
Sawyer, Seott, Sherman, Stew^r.t, and W§8t—{SJ.
NAYS—Messrs, Bayard, Casserly, Cooper, J?erjy
of Connecticut, Hamilton of Maryland, Joh 9toii,
Kelly, Machen, Ransom, Saulsbury, SpragiW,'.Ste-
venson, Stockton, Thurpan,' SEiptpn, and 'Vick-
ers—16.
ABSENT — Messrs. AJicorn, Blair. Brownlow,
Buckingham, CattKsrdft! Clayton, .'Origin, Davis,
Fenton, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Lewis,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy .Pratt, Rifle', Schurz,
Speti'cer, Sumner, Trumbull, Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—24. • - ■:
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is agreed to; and the Secretary will at once
communicate to the House of Representatives
this action of the Senate. "
Mr. MORTON. Now that the' vote is
taken, would it be in order to make a remark?
{"No."]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that until the point of order raised by the Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] is decided,
which has been submitted to the Senate, it
would not be in o^der to take up any proposi-
tion or indulge in debate. The Senator from
Vermont has made the point of order that
until the joint convention dissolves no busi-
ness except that relative to the counting of the
electoral votes can be entertained undef the
twenty-second joint rule and the Constitution.
That was about to be submitted to the Sfenate,
but at that time the Senate went to the House
of Representatives.
Mr. MORTON. I simply desire to call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that the
Senate has voted to exclude the electoral vote
ot' Arkansas because of the want of the cer-
tificate 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to debate. If
there is to be speech making here, I wish to
make a speech myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Until'the point
of order is decided by the Senate whether any
other proposition can be taken up, nothing can
be debated or proposed even.
Mr. MORTON. I was not proposing to
make a speech or to debate anything.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But the joint
convention is still in session.
Mr. MORTON. I was disposed to make a
remark in lieu of making a question of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it is a ques-
tion of order the Chair will hear the Senator.
Mr. MORTON. I shall have to make the
remark to state the question. [Laughter.]
The. VICE PRESl DENT. A point of order
is not debate, because the Senator from Indi-
ana 'can take any Senator off his feet with a
legitimate point of order. That he has the
right to do at any time.
Mr. CLAYTON. I want to make a per-
sonal explanation in relation to what tran-
spired relative to the vote of Arkansas.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to that, Mr.
President.   
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatpr
from Vermont objects.
Mr. CLAYTON. I should like to make a
personal explanation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object, Mr. President.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects.
Mr. CLAYTON. I will do so on some
other occasion, then. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it is the
pleasure of the Senate to have the question
raised by the Senator from Vermont sub-
mitted, the Chair will now submit it to the
Senate; and that is that until the final declara-
tion of the votes for President and Vice Presi-
dent in the presence of both Houses, po other
business is tn order. That question is to be
submitted to the Senate. _ .
The question being put, it was decided m
the affirmative. '
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw the objection
I made to the Senator from Arkansas making
a personal explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Arkansas now asks consent to make a
personal explanation.
