1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
justified. I think that they show by their
works that they have spent their money hon-
estly and fairly, and for one I am not disposed
to criticise them unless there is some evidence
of fraud. I know that the air has been full
of charges against this board ; but so far as I
have been able to examine, and believing their
statements where 1 know nothing to the con-
trary, I am ready for one to do whatever may
seem just and proper in the premises.
Under these circumstances it does seem to
rae that there is something due to the hard-
hauded men, numbered by thousands—some
six or seven thousand I think—who have been
at work here. I tbink, therefore, that we ought
to place this bill in a position to give this city
a sort of credit that will euable the people to
go over the holidays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Secretary will call
the roll on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 20 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Bayard, Casserly, Conk-
ling. Cooper, Davis, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, (jnldthwaite, Hitoh-
coek, Kelly. Norwood, Ransom, Saulsbury, Schurz,
Scott, Sherman, Trumbull, and Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Clayton, Cole, Ferry of Michigan,
Harlan, Hill, Howe, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Bice. Robertson,
Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, West, Wilson, and
Wiiidom—3).
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Amos, Blair, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Car-
penter, Chandler. Corbett, Cragin, denton, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Uunilton of Texa*. Ham-
lin, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis. Logan, Machen,
Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Poo), Ramsey, Sawyer,
Sprasue, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton,
and Vickers—33.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I now offer an amend-
ment, with all respect to the speech of my hon-
orable colleague, in the generality of which I
entirely concur, namely, that we ought to do
what is right and just by inserting after the
word "the," and before the word "expend-
itures," in the thirty-second line on the second
page, the word'' reasonableso that the clause
will read:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay
the reasonable expenditures made by the Board of
PuMio^Vorka of the District of Columbia, &c.
i presume my colleague will not make any
opposition to the amendment, inasmuch as ho
says he is satisfied that these expenditures
have been reasonable. Wherever in any other
department of the Government we have dis-
bursing agents or other officers, authorized
to expend the public money for any kind of
work that is not done by contract, and even
then, the vouchers are never passed in the
Treasury Department nntil the officer reviews
as well tne reasonableness and propriety of the
gam paid out as the mere regularity of the
paper, the fact of the payment. I do not mean
to say, I do not mean to insinuate, because I
know nothing about it, that the expenditures
that have been made by the gentlemen of this
board for the Government of the United States,
amounting to a million and a quarter of dollars,
as it is said, are either reasonable or unreason-
able. I only mean to say that I suppose the
people of the United States ought not to be
called upon to reimburse them a million and a
quarter of dollars unless it is right that it should
be done. If they have made expenditures
which were wasteful and extravagant, if they
have paid prices which were unjust or dishon-
est, then I respectfully submit to my colleague,
and I know he will agree with me, that the
Treasury of the United States ought not to be
called upon to reimburse them. That'is all
there is to that.
I presume there will be no objection to this
amendment. I hope the truth will turn out
to be that these expenditures have been reason-
able, because I should be very sorry to be
convinced that any of these expenditures had
been made upon the plan the expenditures
in other cities—some of which my friend has
referred to as a test for this—have been made;
the city of New York, for instance.
My friend seems to intimate that I have
some feeling in this matter, because, he as-
sumes, I have been roughly handled by this
board. I beg leave to differ with him. I have
not been handled at all. It is just possible
that the circumstance he alludes to might
have had some connection in the minds of
some people other than myself with some
criticisms that a year ago I made upon the
conduct of this board in respect to sums they
were then demanding for another part of the
public works ; but I did not make any such
connection, and I hope my friend will believe
me when I say that it is probably a part of my
business in the discharge of my duty to pro-
pose amendments to a bill in order to make it
safe and proper and reasonable, even although
I may expose myself to the criticism that it is
because this board may have done something
with a street that I thought was unwise and
unjust to the property-holders in that vicinity,
without being subjected to the suspicion that
I was amending the bill from resentment in-
stead of from duty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope my
colleague will not understand that I made any
such imputation upon him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did understand it so
at the time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I beg to say
that I did not intend anything of the kind. I
do not take any interest in this bill beyond
what any Senator is entitled to take in it, and
I only made the remarks that I did because I
was cognizant of the fact. I knew what I
stated in relation to the circumstances of my
colleague.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope, as Congress is
about to do what I consider but an act of rea-
sonable justice, it will not encumber it with
unreasonable additions, and I consider this an
unreasonable amendment. What is the nature
of it? The Senator would subject these ex-
penditures to an examination by the Secretary
of the Interior. How can he examine them?
How can he tell whether a contract was rea-
sonable, whether the price was reasonable,
whether the circumstances justified exactly
that contract or some other contract; whether
the grade adopted was just rhf  best grade that
could have been adopted ; whether in a partic-
ular case it would not have been better to
have adopted some other grade? In other
words, the Secretary of the Interior is called
upon to review the action of the officers of the
Government who are specially charged with
this particular work. It seems to me that is
not reasonable.
Why is my friend from Vermont willing to
trust the Secretary of the Interior in passing
upon all these items of a very long bill, when
he refuses to trust the superintendent of Public
Buildings and Grounds, who is also an officer
of the Government and an officer of the Army?
He refuses also to trust the superintendent of
the Capitol extension, who has to some extent
the charge of the grounds. He refuses to trust
the offieers invested by law, who are officers
of this Government, charged with the duty of
making these contracts, who are bound to
make the contracts according to law.
Why is it necessary to require all this ex-
amination to be gone through in detail by the
Secretary of the Interior, who is known by the
Senator from Vermont to be absent in Cuba?
Is it reasonable that all these people should be
delayed in the receipt of their money—money
which we are told is due to them, pressingly
due to them, due to the men who have worked
hard for it—until the Secretary of the Interior
shall pass in detail upon every item contained
in this account?
Mr. President, my attention has been direct-
ed to the debates in the House of Represent-
atives On this bill, and I think on the whole
the House have adopted a reasonable pro-
vision. At first I was doubtful whether under
the circumstances the Government of the
United States ought to be called upon to pay
more than one half of the expenditures in
front of the public buildings and grounds. It
seemed to me that it was only reasonable to
call upon the Government to pay one half of
all the expenses incurred in makiug improve-
ments where the Government property abutted
on other property, and it seemed to be rea-
sonable that the private owners of that prop-
erty should pay the other half in some form,
either in the form of taxes or in the form of
assessments ; but as under the law the special
assessment could only be to the amount of one
sixth on the adjacent property, either the Gov-
ernment of the United States had to pay the
expenditure or the city had to pay it. When
you come to examine the condition of the city
and ef the United States, you find that the
United States is the owner of nearly one half
of the property of this city, free from all tax-
ation.
Mr. PATTERSON. Fifty-four per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Fifty-four per cent., free
from all taxation. Here we are the owner of
lots, squares, and houses, the Executive Man-
sion, all the public buildings, this Capitol and
all the grounds about it, and yet we pay no
taxes. The other citizens have to pay all the
taxes. It seems to me under all these circum-
stances, while we are thus free from taxes, it
was not unreasonable that the United States
should pay all the expenses on streets sur-
rounding property belonging to the Govern-
ment and that individual owners should not
be required to pay any; but under this bill
when the property of individual owuers abuts
upon Government property, they have to pay
their share and the Government has to pay
the balance rather than the city. I do not
think that is unreasonable.
It was also said that as many of the squares
are for public use, for the use of the city, it
was but right that the city should pay for the
improvement around these squares or reserva-
tions or angles. But this property is the
property of the people of the United States.
These squares and angles and large avenues
and reservations have been made for public
use, not merely for the use of the people of
this city who would be very glad to abolish
them, sell them out, make them pay taxes,
stud contribute to t lie common weal, but they
are the property of the people of the United
States. This city was laid out with avenues
running diagonally across the squares, in order
to carry out the ideas of the Frenchman who
laid out the city that this might be a city of
military defense. I believe that was the rea-
son given why the avenues were laid out diag-
onally. The triangles that are so extensive,
which are made by the avenues crossing the
squares, were made for the public use and not
for the use of the city. If we were to transfer
to the city these squares and reservations, the
local authorities could very easily sell them
and make money out of them, and then the
persons who would buy them being private
owuers, would be compelled to pay taxes and
pay their fair share of the expenditures.
It seems to me that on the whole the House
of Representatives have made a fair adjust-
ment of this question, and that we ought to
pay this money. As to subjecting the author-
ities of the city to the delay necessarily inci-
dent to a requirement of an examination on
the part of the Secretary of the Interior of all
the details of these improvements, I think it
would be very unreasonable, although that is
sought to be done by the insertion ot the word
" reasonable." I think we ought to be willing
to take the estimates and measurements made
by the Superintendent of Public Buildings
and Grounds, General Babcock I believe.
We have a right to suppose that the Board of
Public Works, composed of fire geutletnea
