1294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Mr. CLAYTON. It will take but a minute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object.
Mr, CLAYTON. I want to correct a mis-
statement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island objects.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Senator
from Arkansas wishes to correct a misstate-
ment of his own. I hope nobody will object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island withdraw his objec-
tion to the Senator from Arkansas correcting
a misstatement of his own 1
Mr. SPRAGUE. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. CLAYTON. While the question was
up as to the seal which was upon the certificate
from Arkansas I gave it as my opinion that
that was the seal of the State. I have since
examined the seal on the credentials of Mr.
Dorsey, and I find that I was mistaken ; that
this is the seal of the secretary of State, and
not the seal of the State.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the House be
informed that the Senate have decided the
question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As soon as the
, Chair announced the last vote, the Secretary
left the door of the Senate to go to the House to
communicate the action of the Senate.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk,
.announcing that the House had passed the
. following resolution:
Resolved, That the electoral vote of the State of
Arkansas as reported by the tellers be counted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move, if it be in order,
that the Senate take a recess for five minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule pro-
vides—
" Such joint meeting shall not bo dissolved until the
electoral votes aro all counted and the result de-
clared; and no recess shall be taken unless a ques-
, tion shall have arisen in regard to counting any of
suoh votes, in which case it shall bo competent for
either House, acting separately, in the manner
hereinbefore provided, to direct a recess not beyond
the next day at the hour of one o'clock p. m."
The Senator from Vermont moves that the
Senate takes a recess for five minutes.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it not by concurrent
resolution that that must be done 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule is
specifically the other way. The Chair will
again read it:
" In which case it shall be competent for either
House, acting separately, in the manner hereinbefore
provided, to diireet a recess not beyond the next day
at the hour of one o'clock p. m."
The question is on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, that the Senate now take a
recess for five minutes.
_ The motion was agreed to; and at the ex-
piration of the recess the Senate resumed its
session, when the following message was re-
ceived from the House of Representatives by
Mr. McPherson, its Clerk:
Mr. President, the House of Represent-
atives have passed the following resolution:
Resolved, Thatin the judgment ofthe House, none
of the returns reported by the tellers as electoral
votes of the State of Louisiana should be counted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
now return to the Hall of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
(at seven o'elock and forty-six minutes p. m.)
again proceeded to the Hall of the House of
Representatives.
The Senate returned to its Chamber at eight
o'clock ana five minutes p. m.
army appropriation bilu.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes its session. The naval appropriation
bill is before the Senate, but the Chair asks
consent to submit the Army appropriation bill
for reference.
There beingno objection, the bill (H. R. No.
3850) making appropriations for the support
oftheArmy for the yearending June 30,1874,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
notification of election.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer a formal
resolution:
Resolved. That a committee of one member of the
Senate be appointed by this body to join a commit-
tee of two members of the House of Representa-
tives, to be appointed by that House, to wait on
Ulysses S. Grant, of Illinois, and to notify him
that he has been duly elected President of the Uni-
ted States for four years, commencing on the 4th
day of March, 1873; and also to notify Henry Wil-
son, of Massachusetts, that he has been duly elected
Vice President of the United States for four years,
commencing on the 4th day of March, 1873.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. How shall the
committee be appointed?
Mr. EDMUNDS. By the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, that will be regarded as the sense of
the Senate, and the Chair appoints the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at eight
o'clock and seven minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 12, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
message from tiie senate.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body bad passed bills of the
following titles; in which the concurrence of
the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 1164) to amend the charter
of the Griltli Verein Association;
An act (S. No. 1182) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to promote the development
of the mining resources of the United
States;" and
An act (S. No. 987) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to settle the accounts of
Henry Warren, late depositary at Oregon City,
Oregon.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (H. R. No. 3252) to enforce the
stipulations ofthe treaty of Venezuela of April
25, 1866, and the payment of adjudicated
claims, with an amendment, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the House of the following titles
without amendment.:
An act (H. R. No. 1709) for the relief of
Major John W. Todd ;
An act (H. R. No. 2259) for the relief of
James M. Hagar ;
An act (H. R. No. 2409) granting a pension
to Mary A. Shoemaker ;
An act (H. R. No. 2420) granting a pension
to Margaret A. Renshaw;
An act (H. R. No. 2471) granting a pension
to Robert H. Brown, of Adair county, Mis-
souri ;
An act (H. R. No. 2508) granting a pension
to Lizzie J. Foacker ;
An act (H. R. No. 2556) granting a nension
to James Thompson and Margaret Thompson :
An act (H. R. No. 2689) creating an addi-
tional land districtinthe Territory of Arizona:
An act (H. R. No. 8481) to authorize the
trustees of the Presbyterian Congregation of
Georgetown to dispose of real estate;
An act (H. R. No. 3482) prohibiting gift
enterprises in the District of Columbia ;
An act (H. R. No. 3534) authorizing the
First National Bank of Watkins, New York,
to change its location and name;
An act (H. R. No. 3506) for the relief of
John Miller; and
An act (H. R. No. 1418) for the relief of
Charles H. Malloryand Company, New York.
counting OF electoral vote.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following resolu-
tion ;
jResolved, That the Clerk inform the Senate that
this House is now ready to receive that body, for the
purpose of proceeding to open and count the votes
of the electors of the several States for President
and Vice President of the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is not the hour fixed by
the rule at one o'clock?
Mr. DAWES. The hour at which the pro-
ceedings should commence is fixed by the
rule. But it will take a little time to make the
preliminary arrangements.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
district of minnesota.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on the
Judiciary the bill (H. R. No. 3460) to change
the times and places for holding the circuit and
district courts of the United States for the
district of Minnesota, with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute, and to have the
same put upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. The substitute will be
read for information; after which, objections,
if any, will be in order.
The substitute was read.
Mr. McCRARY. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] whether
the circuit judge has given his consent to the
arrangement provided for in this bill ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand so from the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Dunnell] who
introduced the bill.
The substitute (H. R. No. 3944) was then
adopted.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found duly en-
rolled a bill of the following title; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. No. 2934) revising and amend-
ing the laws relative to the mint, assay offices,
and coinage of the United States.
vienna exposition.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that by unanimous con-
sent the joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) to
enable the people of the United States to par-
ticipate in the advantages of the international
exposition to be. held in Vienna in 1873, with
the amendment of the Senate, be taken from
the Speaker's table, and that the same be con-
curred in.
The SPEAKER, The resolution received
from the Senate will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Senate recede from its third
amendment to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 170)
disagreed to by the House of Representatives;
aad that the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the first amendment
of the faenate to the said resolution, with an amend-
ment, namely:
After the word "competition." at the end of the
first section insert / and provided that not more
than $o0,000 shall bo expended for salaries and
expenses of ail persons receiving appointments to
places authorized in the resolution; and not more
than $5,000 shall be paid lor salary and expenses to
any one person.
Mr. BANKS. The Senate concurred in
the House amendment reducing the appropri-
