330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
known to most nu mbers ot the Senate, cer-
tainly tu-mi of diameter, would not niake 1111
reasonable contracts, f-audulent contracts that
woald tend t i impair the interests of the Gov-
ernment, especialiy when it was expected at
the time these contracts were made that the
expense would either be imposed in the form
of taxes upon the citiiens of the city, or be
paid o'it ot' the city treasury. It seems to me,
therefore, that it is not reasonable to require
this appeal from there authorities created by
the law to the Secretary of the Interior, who
is now absent in Cuba.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am almost amazed at
the observations of the Senator from Ohio.
ITe gravely rises here in his place in the
Senate and asks you to take the money of his
constituents and mine from the Treasury with-
out any investigation at all into the propriety
of the expenditures which he proposes to
reimburse, because upon his construction of
the bill, and I think it is the right one, as it
came from the House, this sum of mouey,
be it extravagant!}- expended, or be it cor-
ruptly expended or wasted, or any part of it,
is to be paid over to this Board of Public
Works without any examination whatever into
the propriety of the expenditure. Suppose it
were made without auy authority of law, as it
wa->? If it had been made by authority of law
it would only be necessary :o call upon the
Treasury to get the money, like appropria-
tions for other public works that are provided
f_>r ; and yet the Senator tells us it is not rea-
sonable to sul.jec7 to examination the propriety
of the expenditure which these gentlemen
have made.
Now. sir, if I were an honest man, I should
very much dislike to have this body pass a bill
which should undertake legislatively to audit
a claim which I had against the United States
for a million and a quarter of money that I
had expended in making public improvements
anywhere. 1 believe that most honest men
desire that their accounts and the propriety
of their conduct in incurring public expense
shall be subjected to the ordinary scrutiny
that is appiieu to all other public expenditures.
The honorable Senator says this is a prop-
osition to delay the payment until the Secre-
taiy of the Interior comes back fiom the South
sone'.vhere. Does not the honorable Senator
know that the Secretary of the Intelior is the
pei.-jn who happens to be exercising the
duties of that office; that it is not the man,
but the officer, and that we have here now a
competent Secretary of the Interior perform-
ing the functions of that office? lie certainly
dues. He overlooks that circumstance. This
i not referred to the eeiuliny of Mr. Delano.
TL.s is tie enabling part of the provision. It
ij to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
] as an expense. What kind ot' an expense?
A ic^sonable expense. Ho>v is the reason-
abit^ess of that, expense to be ascertained?
Jus", as this House bill provides, with one
anj -ndnaent which I shall ask the honorable
Senator to vote for, and that is, upon the
exam;nation and approval of the officer in
charge of the public buildings and grounds,
no*, as the House bill has it, a mere examina-
tion of the street by liding over it, but subject-
ing the vouehets to the same examination as to
the reasonableness of the expenditures made
und'jr them and that they putport to cover as
to the reality of the thing that the other officers
charged with settling the accounts are obliged
to do in re:;pect to all other accounts.
Can my honorable friend, who, more than
any other man here, has charge of the public
interests in respect to the Treasury, object to
that? Why did he not discover what a fatal
objection to justice this was in the last year's
bill that we passed for this same Board of
Public Work// Just let him hear iu In the
act of 1872, providing for reimbursing them
for expenses that they had then incuired on
public account iu filling up the canal and
making certain sewers, &c., we made it read
by the unanimous report of the Committee
on Appropriations, and by the unanimous vote
of the Senate, just as I want to have this read :
"To enable tho Secretary of the Interior to pay
only the reis'onnMo fvpen^ps heretofore incurred
for paving roadway and eurbinn and paving side-
walks in front of tho properly of_i.hu United States
iu tlio District of Columbia, 8192,0-0," J:o.
Mr. SHERMAN. If uiy fiiend will allow
me, I will point out the difference. Here you
require these expenditures all to pass under
the careful measurement and serveillance and
examination iq detail of one officer of the
Government, and then require this examina-
tion again to be reviewed by the Secretary of
the Interior.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg pardon of the hon-
orable Seuator. If he will be so kiud as to
give me his attention long enough and the bill
attention long enough, as it has come in upon
us so suddenly, he will see that the word
" reasonable has no reference to any power
that the Secretary of the Interior has to exam-
ine vouchers or accounts. It is a limitation
upon the character of the expenditure; aud
then when you go along to the next clause to
find out what the character of the expenditure
is, you are to iiud out by the examination of
General Babcock, or whatever officer may be
in charge, an examination of the vouchers, and
upon au approval of the precise claim, as 1
shall propose to put it in—I do not propose to
have any double examination—the Secretary
shall pay. My friend misapprehends the scope
of the amendment at the place where I put it in.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all, and I wish to
say in regard to the proposition just read that
no other officer passed upon the sufficiency
or measurement or details of the expenditure
except the Secretary of the Interior. I will
say to the Senator further, we appropriate
every year from one hundred thousand to five
hundred thousand dollars to be expended
under the direction of the Superintendent of
Public Buildings aud Grounds, aud I doubt if
he can find that the reports of that officer are
ever reexamined by any other officer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now let us see how ac-
curate my honorable friend is in the distinc-
tion he makes between the clause I have read
and the one iu this bill. He said we only
placed that under the examination of one
officer, and therefore, inasmuch as this bill
provides that the officer in charge of the pub-
lic buildings and grounds shall investigate, to
putin the word "reasonable" here is to be
unreasonable, differing from the act of last
year. Now let him listen:
"To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay only the reasonable expenses heretofore in-
curred," <fcc.
We made another provision also, there being
two clauses:
" Provided, That all payments made under this
and tho preceding appropriation"—
The preceding one being the one I have
read—
" shall be made only upon vouchers approved by
the officer iu charge of the public buildings and
grounds of the District."
| Let me suggest to the honorable Senator to
. rise here now or at any other time and point
out the difference between the proposition he
! and I thought right last year and the one
I which I am trying to make right now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say again, when we
I take an officer of the Army, a man who is
charged with the disbursement of all the ap-
propriations for public buildings and grounds,
and require him to make a critical examina-
tion, to go over iu detail all the items, not only
the items of expenditure, but the rates and
the measurements, then when men are here
to whom money is due, to turn over the exam-
ination of the accounts of this officer to an-
other officer 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not do that,
Mr. SHERMAN. You do. I think that is
unreasonable. Now, I think in regard to all
these matters it is always fair to suppose that
public officers will do their duty. My honora-
ble friend ought not to be among those who
entertain the common feeling and suspicion
that men charged with public trusts will not do
their duty. The law makes a different suppo-
sition. These improvements have been made
in the light of day, id the view of every one, in
the midst of opposition, with opposing inter-
ests contesting every street and every grade
and everf plan ; the contracts have been made
publicly, tfperjly, to the lowest bidder, or, if
not, subjected to the most critical analysis,
made by men whose character is above re-
proach and whose accounts are subjected to
the scrutiny of General Babcock, who is ad-
mitted to be an able and excellent officer of
the Government. Is it fair or proper to add
to all that unreasonable conditions, and require
the Secretary of the Interior, an officer who is
not charged at all with the examination of
accouuts, who is not intrusted with the exam-
ination of accounts, or but very rarely, who is
not either an Auditor or a Comptroller, to go
over them again? If the Senator really wants
an investigation further into this matter, let
him refer it to one of the Comptrollers or
Auditors, or one of the various officers charged
with the investigation and examination of ac-
counts; but to require the Secretary of the
Interior to make a detailed examination of
these accounts under the circumstances, it
seems to me, would be unreasonable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
eboy.) The question is on the amendment
offeree! by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The objection
to the amendment, as it strikes me, is this:
that a committee of the House and the House
of Representatives have passed a bill, and
we are about passing it, appropriating $1,241,-
920 92 for certain expenditures. Now, is it
proper for us to declare that the acting Sec-
retary of the Interior shall have the right to
reverse that whole judgment, and to say that
this money ought not to be paid ai all; that the
grades are wrong, the sewers are not properly
laid, the expenditure hag been extravagant,
and thus overrule the judgment of the com-
mittees and of Congress ? I do not think so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not want to argue
the question any further, Mr. President.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 30 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Antliony, Bayard, Casserly, Coop-
er, Davis, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Flana-
gan, (loldthwaite, Kelly, Logan, Norwood, Sauls-
bury, Scliurz, Trumbull, and Wright—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Caldwell, Chandler, Clay-
ton, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Ferry of Michigan,
Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Harlan, Hill, Howe, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pom-
eroy, Pratt, Ransom, Rice, Robertson, Scott, Sher-
man, Spencer, Stewart, West, Wilson, and Win-
dom—30.
ABSENT.—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Cra-
ffln, Fenton; Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas. Iiamlin, Ilitohoook, Johnston, Kellogg,
Lewis, Machen, Morrill of Maine, Pool, Ramsey,
Sawyer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner,
Thurman, Tipton, and Vicke s—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I venture to offer one
more amendment, which I fear after the argu-
ment of my friend from Ohio may meet with
the same fate, although he argued upon the
theory that it would be a very proper thing to
be done, and that is, that the officer who has
charge of the public buildings and grounds
shall-.have in examining these vouchers the
right to consider the question as to whether
they were honest or dishonest: whether the
prices claimed from the United States were
right or wrong. Therefore, in order to make
it say that, I move to amend the bill by insert-
ing after the word " improvements', " in the
forty-eighth line, the words, " and approval of
