1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
the prices claimed therefor j" so that the pro-
viso will read :
Provided. That all payments under this appro-
priation shall be made only upon vouchers approved
by the officer in oharse of the publio buildings and
(rrounds of the District, after full examination and
measurement of the said improvements and approval
of the prices claimed theretor.
And upon this amendment I ask for the
yeas and nays.
Before I sit down, however, I wish to call
the attention of my friend from New Jersey to
his argument which was so successful in defeat-
ing the other amendment, that we were over-
ruling the House of Representatives by having
anybody determine how much ought to be paid.
If the honorable Senator had read one line
further he would have seen that the House of
Representatives did not undertake to commit
itself to the quantum, although it named dol-
lars and cents, for it added the words " or so
much thereof as may be necessary," and evi-
dently intended by the following context to
have some examination of some kind made
by an officer of the United States of these
expenditures and the vouchers tor them. But,
I confess, it may be open to doubt, as the bill
now stands, whether the word •'approval'1 of
the vouchers by the officer in charge would au-
thorize him to determine the question whether
the prices claimed under those vouchers were
honest, or whether, like the prices in New
York and other cities where public improve*
ments have been made, they were fictitious;
bo that the argument my friend from Ohio has
made in favor of this board and this public
officer is one which ought to convince the
Senate, I think, that this amendment should
be adopted.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is hardly
■worth while to argue in reference to an amend-
ment which the Senate have disposed of; but
1 think it would be straining lauguage a good
■way for the Senator from Vermont to insist,
because the words " or so much as maybe
necessary" are added to the specific Bum
$1,241,920 92, that the subject had not under-
gone any investigation by the House of Rep-
resentatives or by a committee, which his
amendment would actually have overruled.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, to insert after the word'' improvements,''
in the forty-eighth line, the words "'and ap-
proval of the prices claimed therefor," on
which the yeas and nays have been requested.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Bayard, Casserly, Clay-
ton, Cooper, D.ivis, Edmunds, Fei ry of Connecticut,
.Ferry ot .Michigan, Flanagan, lioldthwaite, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Kelly, Logan, Murrill of Venuont,
Norwood. Pratt, Ransom, Saulsoury, Schurz, Trum-
bull, and Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Jfrelinghuysen, Gilbert, Harlan, Hill, Howe,
Morton, Nye, (Jsborn, Patterson, Poineroy, Robert-
Fon, Sherman, Spencer, Stewart, West, Wilson, and
Windom—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Boreman,
Bi'uwlIoiv, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Car-
penter, Ci-agin, Fonton^ Hamilton ot Texas, Hamlin,
Hitchcock, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Machen, Mor-
rill ot .Maine, Pool, Ramsey, Kice, Sawyer, Scott,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman,
Tipton, and Vickers—31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to amend the
bill by inserting in the forty seventh line, after
the word " District," the words " and by the
Secretary of the Interior." The object of this
amendment is, that the gentleman having
charge of the public buildings shall have some
person to assist him in auditing these vouchers,
that they shall be approved not only by the
officer named in the bill, but also bv the
Secretary of the Interior.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Delaware.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not rise for the pur-
pose of offering an amendment, or for the
purpose of antagonizing the bill, but merely
to make an inquiry, if I may be permitted to
do so, of some member of the committee that
has reported this bill. I desire to know the
basis of taxation upon which this estimate has
been made, whether the Government stands
as an individual owning property or not. I
wish to know how this amount of one million
and a quarter of dollars and some cents has
been arrived at as the Government's proper
share of this expense ? I cannot see myself,
from anything 1 have heard, upon what basis
this assessment against the Government has
been made.
Mr. WINDOM. I understand, and know
in fact, that the assessment is made upon this
basis: placing the Government in precisely
the position of the citizen and the city. Do I
make myself understood?
Mr. LOGAN. Of the citizen and the city
both ?
Mr, WINDOM. Yes, sir, so far as the
Government property is concerned.
Mr. LOGAN. If I understand the answer
of the Senator 
Mr. WINDOM. In other words, the Gov-
ernment pays precisely the same as the citizen
does, the citizen paying his individual tax
and also paying his tax as a member of the
municipal corporation. The Government
pays no more than the citizen, as I under-
stand.
Mr. LOGAN. If, as I understood from the
statement of the Senator from Ohio, the Gov-
ernment pays about five sixths of the tax, how
can the Government be in the position of a
citizen or the city ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I can inform
the Senator, because I looked at the data and
at the law. Under the law as it now stands,
private property owners along a street pay
one third and no more, one half of which is
assessed on either side. So that on either
side the property owners pay one sixth of
the expenditure, and the city pays the balance
out of the four-million loan. In other words,
the citizens at large as a corporation pay two
thirds of the expenditure and the property
holders abutting pay the other third, the city
paying its portion out of the four-million
loan. According to this bill, the Govern-
ment of the United States pay the whole of
the expense around the Government grounds ;
and therefore they would pay one sixth of the
whole expense and then pay two thirds more,
so that they pay what the citizens would pay
in the form of tax and they also pay what the
property holders would pay in the form of a
special assessment.
Mr. LOGAN. Let me see if I understand
the Senator. Take for the purpose of illus-
tration the Capitol building ; the Government
then would pay the whole assessment for this
building 
Mr. SHERMAN. No; they would pay
five sixths of it.
Mr. LOGAN. I understood the Senator to
say the Government paid the whole where
there was no adjacent building.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Government owned
on both sides of the street it would pay the
whole.
Mr. LOGAN. That is what I mean. If
the Government owned the squares on both
sides of the Capitol it would pay the whole
expense of the improvement of the streets
around the Capitol.
Mr. SHERMAN. But if there is any pri-
vate property adjoining, that private property
pays its share.
Mr. LOGAN. But the Government pays
the whole amount where it owns on both sides
of the street ? -
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course.
Mr. LOGAN. The city then is not taxed
the one sixth or any portion of it. Where the
Government does not own the whole it pays
five sixths.
Mr. SHERMAN. Neither the city nor the
citizens pay for roads through the public
grounds.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand that perfectly,
but it strikes me as being very peculiar that if
the Government owns on both sides it shall
pay the whole—it puts itself then in the place
of the city and the citizens both—and where
it does not own on both sides then it pays first
as a citizen, and 
Mr. SHERMAN. That would not be just
if the Government of the United States paid
its proportion of the four-million loan ; but
as the citizens have to pay the whole of the
four-million loan, as a matter of course the
Government ought to pay its proportion in
money.
Mr. LOGAN. The Government is now pay-
ing its fourth of it by this appropriation.
Mr; SHERMAN. Not at all. This is an
addition.
Mr. LOGAN. An addition to the four mil-
lions ?
Mr. PATTERSON. Allow me a word. The
Government in the first place pays one sixth as
an individual.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand that.
Mr. PATTERSON. Then the Government
owns two fifths of all the property within the
boundaries of this city, and it owns all the
streets, alleys, and avenues in fee. Therefore
it is that the Government is called upon to pay
in this bill precisely as it paid in the appro-
priation bill of last year.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not intend, nor do I
now, to make opposition to the bill; I merely
desire to understand it. I have always been
opposed to appropriations of this kind, and
certainly to no effect. Therefore I did not
iutend to oppose the bill, for I did not suppose
my opposition would amount to anything ; but
I desire to understand it. I will only say in
reply to my friend from New Hampshire that
to count all the streets and alleys here as
belonging to the Government is perfectly ab-
surd ; it is too absurd for men to talk about
before intelligent people. They are public
highways; they do not belong to the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. PATTERSON. Let me say to the Sen-
ator that it has been so decided by the Supreme
Court of the United States.
Mr. LOGAN. That is in reference to the
avenues, not in reference to all the streets.
Mr. PATTERSON. It is true in relation
to the streets, alleys, and avenues of the ci.y.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not know that the
Government had decided, or that the Supreme
Court held, that the Government owned them
except as public highways. They own them
just the same as a man would own an ease-
ment. For instance, they may owu the legal
title, but they do not owu it as property, but
as an easement for a public highway.
Mr. PATTERSON. 'If the geutleman will
allow me, I will read the decision of tiie
Supreme Court.
Mr. LOGAN. That is not necessary at all.
It is very easy to understand the distinction
between owning property in fee and simp!)
having an easement in it for a public highway
or for some other purpose. We all under-
stand that.
What I was saying was, that the idea of
levying a tax on the Government for the pub-
lic highways that belong to the citizen^ as
much as they do to anybody else is absurd in
my judgment, because they are, as all mutt
know, highways for the use of the citizens.
They cannot be denominated anything else.
I only rose to call attention to the fact th.it.
it does not seem to me that this assessment
has been made as it ought to have been made.
It does not seem to me fair to assess the Gov-
ernment to pay the whole expense where it
owns all the streets around a particular piece
of property, and then where the city owns ail
around a piece of property to call ou the Gov-
ernment to pay its proportion there. That is
not a fair assessment.
