332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
Mr. WINDOM. The Senator will allow me
to coireet him there. Either I am mistaken
or he is "Where the citizens own oil both
sides of the street, t he Government pays noth-
ing ; the citizens owning on both sides pay the
whole, precisely as where the Government
own* on l>oth submit pays the whole.
Mr EDMUNDS. No, the citizens pay only
one sixth on each side.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 beg the pardon of the
Sei.atoi troin Minnesota. I am not on the
committee, but he is certainly mistaken.
Mr. WINDOM. I am not mistaken.
Mr. PATTERSON. The citizens do pay
the whole.
Mr. WEST. Mr. President, I rise to ask
the Senator from Illinois the distinction be-
tween a citizen and the city of Washington so
tar as the ownership of property is concerned
and the payment tor the improvements. Who
p.ty> it ? Do not the citizens? Therefore 1
a<k him to tell me, if he pleases, the distinc-
tion between the citizens and the city.
Mr LOGAN. I will tell the gentleman the
distinction very readily so far as this assess-
ment is concerned. A citizen pays tirst the
assessment that is made upon him because he
owns adjacent property. He then pays his
ptoportion of the tax levied by the city. That
Is the distinction.
Mr. WES r. Which is the other four sixths.
Mr. LOGAN. At least that is the distinc-
tion as I understand it. I do not know that
I understand this bill, or that I understand the
committee, and from appearances I do not
think they understand themselves very well.
[Laughter ] Now, I desire to put this ques-
tion : if the Government of the United States
is placed in the position of a citizen so far as
this assessment is concerned, I wish the Sen-
ator would inform me by what rule they de-
termined the value of the property of the Gov-
ernment?
Mr. WEST. The committee do understand
this question thoroughly.
Mr. LOGAN. Doubtless they do.
Mr. WEST. And the Senator from Illinois
misunderstands it.
Mr. LOGAN. Oh! that is so of course !
Mr. WEST. And I will explain to him in
regard to that assessment.
Mr. LOGAN. I should like to know
about it.
Mr. WEST. If the Senator wiil take the
pains to 1-x.tinnif a document which is a pub-
lic one, because it ha> been published in eon-
formity with the requirement of law that the
Board of Public Works bhall make annually a
report to Congress, he will find in that very
voluminous affair an asseisment of the value
of the property in the city of Washington, and
he will find that the relative value? of the
property owned by individuals within this Dis-
trict and of the property owned by the Gov-
ernment are as three ro two. Uy thi; bill it is
proposed apparently 'and [would asK the Sen-
ate's attention particularly to 'hat fact; to put
the Government of the United States upon a
par with the citizens of the District; but, -uch
is not the fact. If the Senator had been upon
the committee and had had the opportunity to
examine and scrutinize this bill, ho v/onld
have become satisfied, as I think I can clearly
satisfy the Senate, that it is entire!'. in favor of
the Government ond ajai-i.-t the citizen. We
have a hundred and lifty million , of prop-
erty here Put the l i ov"r n in en I inn n ,j pai
wi' h 1 h" and it mn-t pay tor p.s pio-
1 cit 'Hi 'he in pw.'VcNU'ii!,, i wo tjf'li., an-
to i hi ■'( fiti h -•
Mr. LOGAN I should like to ask the
Senator a question m rt g.ird to the valuation
of I he Government ptoperty. liy what means
do )ou arrive at the value of the Govern- 1
mem property? That is exactly what I have 1
been tnintrlo get at all the time.
Mr. COLE- 1 think f can answer in one
word. That, is ascertained by its cost, by the
appropriation* made by Congress.
I Mr. STEWART. 1 believe I can answer the
question [Laughter.]
M r. W ES T. M r. President, who has the floor ?
Mr. LOGAN. If I am answered, that is
enough.
Mr. STEWART. I think I can answerthe
question.
Mr LOGAN. Well. sir.
The PUESI DEN f pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana has the Hoor.
Mr. LOGAN. One answer is sufficient if
it is correct.
Mr. WEST. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois, as I understood, asked me a
question. I am very much obliged to the
other gentlemen for their volunteer assistance,
but I propose to answer it myself.
Mr. STEWART. Very well ; you can do
it better than I can.
Mr. WEST. This valuation is obtained, as
the Senator from California has very properly
remarked, by the expenditures made accord-
ing to the records of the Treasury upon Gov-
ernment property here. We have here, if the
Seuator will refer to the document I have men-
tioned, $30,000,000 in improvements made
since A. D. 1800, and running to 1870, and
embracing during a very large portion of that
period, as the Senator very well knows, the era
of specie payments and the era of much lower
prices than exist and rule at the present day.
Consequently with the expenditure of $30,000-
000 on the public buildings in this District it
is very reasonable to conclude that their assess-
ment and valuation at the present day would
be largely enhanced. Therefore I give him as
an estimate, say $40,000,000 as the value of
the Government buildings in the District of
Columbia. Then we have here an estimate
made by real estate experts of the present value
of the ground owned in fee by the national
Government in Washington, which is $32,000-
000. Therefore I think my friend's question is
answered as to my estimate of $60,000,000 by
the total. $40,000,000 for the buildings, and
$32,000,000 for the improvements, wnich is
$7*2,000,000—$12,000,000 more than I stated.
Mr. LOGAN. I consider the answer as
being ample, of course, in reference to Gov-
ernment property, except in this respect: the
Senator stated it first at $150,000,000, and
now he makes it $72,000,000.
Mr. WKST. Tliei e is where my friend from
Illinois .slips up on his mathematics u^aiii. I
 aid that the total valuation of the properly
of the Ihslilol iio owned by the cili/.ens was
■Tf'.iiMMjD.IMH), and the total valuation of the
property in the District as owned by the Gov-
ernment was $(jU,000,0UU, and there we had
the $1-50,000,000, the proportion of public to
private property being two fifths to three fifths.
Mr. LOGAN. I did not understand the
Serator before ; I do now.
Mr. WEST. Now have I answered all the
Senator'-: question ?
Mr. LOGAN, you have answered eveiy-
thing, r believe. [Laughtei.]
Mr. WKST. Now if he will allow me one
v.,ml I desi i e to .-how In the Senate wherein
ti e < .overniuent gets the advantage of the
111 31, I 'lei le-task.
I? 11.
to
be
ne oilier
mfoi med
inquiring
on thai
not.
1 am
entith
ei i '.'.en.
Mi. MX j AN
Id. J
Mr. VLinJ. W
mind might w.int
SUI |e(.t.
Ml 1 ,U' f \ . >. i t li i nil
Mi. W LS 1'. 1 ihink
Uoor.
Mr. LOGAN. Veiv well, go ahead,
Mr. WKST. The answer issunply this: to
put the Government on a par with it.s citizens
the GoVf ninient would have to pay for im-
provements universally made all over the city,
and its unimproved lots would be assessed for
improvements made in front, of its improved
lots. That is to say, the Mall over here would
be assessed for an improvement in front of the
Capitol if we put the Government upon a par
with the citizen ; but we do not; we give the
Government the advantage of paying only for
the improvement in front of its own property,
whereas the Senator from Ohio, who I believe
owns property here, pays for improvements
made in other parts of the city, and if he owns
a vacant lot and there is no improvement, in
front of that the taxes for the improvements
made upon other property fall upon that vacant
lot and fall where no improvementdoes. That
is the case with the Government. Now, I
venture to say that any Senator in this body
will be happy to retire for his private fortune
upon this difference and distinction that is
made by this simple appropriation bill in favor
of the Government.
Mr. LOGAN. Just a word. As I said, I
did not rise to antagonize the bill, nor am I
disposed.to do so. I rose in the best of faith
for the purpose of acquiring information, fori
certainly had but very little on this subject.
After all, there have been so many remarks
about it and so many explanations, that it is
just as clear as mud to me now. [Laughter.]
I was trying to arrive at the manner in which
the assessment was made against the Govern-
ment property. I desired to do it for the rea-
son that 1 supposed the Government property
had been assessed according to the amount of
money expended on it. That I ascertain to
be the fact. I will venture the assertion right
here to-day that there is not a house and lot
in the city of Washington belonging to a pri-
vate individual that pays taxes according to
the amount of its cost, and that is exactly what
I supposed was the truth, that the Govern-
ment, lavish in expenditure on its elaborate
buildings, must pay assessments according to
the amount that has been lavished upon these
buildings. Private individuals, you say, are
assessed as the Government is, but I venture
the assertion that houses in this town th .t are
worth $50,000 have not been taxed on the
basis of a valuation of $15,000. It is bo iu
every city; it is so all over thecountry. Prop-
erty is not assessed at its actual valuation, and
there is the hardship against the Government
of the United States in this assessment, that
we pay for an actual valuation and others are
not similarly assessed.
I know it is easy to ask these appropriations,
and just as easy to have them granted. As I
said, I care not; I merely want the thing under-
stood that the country may see the manner in
which it is done. We read in the good old
book that the stieets of the New Jerusalem
Hie to be paved with gold, but I did not know
that Washington was a second New Jerusalem,
but I think it is becoming a city that will cer-
tainly bo denominated in that way if we con-
tinue these expenditures on the part of the
Government. I have no objection to fair ex-
penditures. I voted in the other House that
the Government, should pay one third or one
half, I do not remember which, the cost of
improving the streets and avenues along their
property. I think it is fair that the Govern-
ment should pay such asssessmcnts according
to its property as the citizens do j but when it
conies to assessing the Government according
to the actual cost of its property, and leaving
the assessment of the eiti/,ens according to the
manner in which assessments arc made iu
cities, ills not fair according lo my judgment.
Th U is all 1 have to say.
Mi. STEWART. 1 think J can :ui.,wu I ho
question of the Seualor fiom llhnoi.i. To
place the cili/eii and Llie Government on i're-
cisely the same fooling the Govei nnient, should
pa,y in proportion to the value of the properly
owned by it into the general fund and then
pay its one sixth lor local assessments ab'iig
the streets the same as individuals. That
would place them upon uu identical footing.
But Congress has not yet come to the conclu-
sion that it should allow the Government to
bear its exact, proportion in that way and have
the property valued. It has not been done.
There has been no valuation of the property
