1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1297
Mr. HOAR. I have reduced it to writing,
and will send it up to the Clerk's desk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Under the
twenty-second joint rule the Presiding Offi
cer now submits to the Senate and House
of Representatives in joint convention the
Objection of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Hoar ] It will be reported.
The Secretary of the Senate read as follows:
Mr. Hoar objects, the votes reported by the
tellers as having been cast by the electors of the
State of Georgia for Horace Greeley, of New York,
cannot legally be counted, because said Horace
Greeley, for whom they appear to have been cast,
was dead at the time said electors assembled to cast
their votes and was not a person witbin the mean-
ing of the Constitution, this being a historical fact
of which the two Houses may take notice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Two copies will
be made of this objection, one for the Senate,
and one for the House of Representatives, to
be submitted to each House after the Senate
repairs to its Chamber.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
makes the following point, which the Presiding
Officer now submits to the two bodies in joint
convention.
The Secretary of the Senate read as follows:
Mr. Tkumbcll objects to counting the votes cast
for President and Vice President by the elector1" in
the State of Mississippi, for the reason it does not
appear from the certificate of said electors that they
voted by ballot.
Senator TRUMBULL. I should like to
have read again the certificate of the Governor
of Mississippi, both the original and supple-
mental papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be
done.
Senator TRUMBULL. It is suggested by
my colleague it would be well, as these papers
cannot be before both Houses when we sep
arate, that for the information of both Houses
the papers be read in full at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state in this case as in all other cases there
are two copies in possession of the Presiding
Officer, one sent by mail, and one brought by
messenger. In this case they appear to be the
same.
The papers were again read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Presiding
Officer will state that in the duplicate copies
sent by messenger the Governor's certificate
does not appear to have been included; but
the substantial point made by the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] lies against both
papers, that they do not state the electors
voted by ballot.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. President, I desire to
inquire, because we could not understand here
as reported by the tellers, whether the supple-
mental certificate, as I may call it, from the
State of Mississippi in respect of the elector
elected to supply and take the place of the
elector who is absent, is signed by the Governor
or not?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is signed by
the secretary of State only.
Mr. POTTER. Then, Mr. President, I de-
sire to object to one vote of the State of Mis
sissippi, because the certificate declaring that
J. J. Spell man was appointed an elector in the
stead of A. T. Morgan, absent, by the eketoral
college of that State, in accordance with the
laws of that State, is not signed by the Gov-
ernor of that State.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been sug-
gested that perhaps it ma,y not be exactly cor-
rect, under the Constitution, for the President
of the Senate to leave in possession of the
House any official document in his possession
pertaining to the electoral vote. But as the
tellers have reported in every instance that
besides the document which was delivered to
the Vice President by messenger a duplicate
came by mail, unless there is objection the
Chair will leave in the possession of the House
of Representatives, for reference and consulta-
tion by its members, the document which was
transmitted to him by mail, retaining in his
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 82.
official possession the document which was
transmitted by messenger. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Potter] desires to
modify his objection.
Mr. POTTER. At the suggestion of a mem-
ber of the House who has seen the certificate
of the State of Mississippi to which I have
referred, I ask leave to make an addition to
the objection I have offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Pot-
ter] will be read as modified :
The Clerk read as follows:
Mr. Potter objects to one vote of the State of
Mississippi, because the certificate declaring that J.
J. Spelluian was appointed an elector m the stead of
A. T. Morgan, absent, by the electoral college of
that State, in accordance with the laws of that State,
is not signed by the Governor of that State.
And lurtlier that the certificate of the secretary
of State read does not certify anything of his own
knowledge, but only states he has been so notified
as he certifies.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Three questions
having arisen in regard to the counting of the
votes for President and Vice President, the
Senate will now withdraw to their Chamber.
The Senate accordingly retired.
The SPEAKRIi having called the House to
order, said: In the joint convention for count-
ing the electoral votes an objection was made
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] against counting the return from the
State of Georgia. The Clerk will read the
objection.
The Clerk read as follows:
Mr. IIoar objects that the votes reported by the
tellers as having been cast by the electors ot the
State of Georgia for Horace Greeley, of New Yoik,
cannot lawfully be counted, because said Horace
Greeley, for whom they appear to have beon east,
was dead at the time said electors assembled and
east their votes, and so not a person within the
meaning of the Constitution; this being a historic
fact of which the two Houses may properly take
notice.
Mr. HOAR. 1 offer the following resolu-
tion.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the votes reported by the tellers
as having been cast by the electors of tho State of
Georgia for Horace Greeley for President of the Uni-
ted Slates ought not to be counted.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to make an inquiry of
the Chair. Is it in order, under the joint rule,
to ask that there may be read an extract from
the Constitution of the United States?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly it is.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
it would be. All debate is absolutely prohib-
ited ; and whether that would be in the nature
ol debate would be a grave point.
Mr. BANKS. Under what rule ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
reading of the rule.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It appears to me
that the Chair can direct the reading of any
portion of the Constitution as well as he can
the reading of a rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not ob-
ject, if the point is not raised. The Chair
directs the paragraph of the twenty second
joint rule which bears upon this question to
be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" If upon tho reading of any sueh certificate by the
tellers, any question shall arisein regard to counting
the votes therein certified, the same having been
stated by the Presiding Officer, the benatc shall
thereupon withdraw, and said question shall be sub-
mitted to that body tor its decision; and thc hpcalier
of the House ol .Representatives shall, m like man-
ner, submitsaid question totheHouseof Represent-
atives for its decision. And no question shall bo
decided affirmatively, and no vote objected to snail
be counted, except by the concurrent votes of the
two Houses; which being obtained, the two liousen
shall immediately reassemble, and the Presiding
Officer shall then announce thedecisjon ui theques-
tion submitted; and upon any such question there
shall be no debate in either House. And any other
Question pertinent to tho object for which the two
Houses are assembled may be submitted and determ-
ined in like manner."
Mr. COGIILAN. Should not this be a
concurrent resolution?
Several Members. No I
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I hope the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
will yield to a suggestion for an amendment.
I would suggest the insertion after "ought
not" of the words "in the opinion of this
House." I think we cannot act finally, and,
if we simply express our opinion, perhaps it
would be more decorous to the Senate.
Mr. HOAR. I have no objection to that
modification.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I desire to offer an
amendment to the resolution.
Mr. HOAR. I was about myself to suggest
a further modification by adding after the name
of "Horace Greeley" the words "he having
deceased before the vote was cast."
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
modification is necessary, because the resolu-
tion should state on its face the reason why
the vote should not be counted. The resolu-
tion will be returned to the gentleman so that
he may modify it exactly in accordance with
his suggestion.
Mr. LOWE. I desireto make a parliament-
ary inquiry, and it is whether the question to
be submitted to the House is not simply on
the point of order made in the joint conven-
tion?
The SPEAKER. It is no point of orderin
the sense of a point on which the Chair can
rule.
Mr. LOWE. Do we not act directly on the
matter presented to the joint convention ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
this is the proper mode of disposing of the
case.
The Clerk then read the resolution as modi-
fied by Mr. Ho.ut, as follows :
UemheA, That in the judgment of the House of
Representatives the vote* reported by the tellers as
having beon east by the electors ot the State of
Georgia for Horace Oreeley, of New York, for Pres-
ident of the United States. ought not to be counted,
tho paid Horace Greeley having died before the said
votes were cast.
Mr. MAC! NTYRE. I desire to move to
amend the resolution by striking out the word
"not" before the words "to be counted."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman attains
the same object by voting against the resolu-
tion.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to a point of order;
and it is that we have no power to decide on
the eligibility of any man voted for for Pres-
ident.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not. That is a rea-
son for not voting for the resolution. But the
joint rule forbidding debate on these questions
is one of the highest political necessities, for
if debate was allowed on such questions it
might be in the power of one branch of Con-
gress to postpone indefinitely the counting of
the electoral votes.
Mr. BANKS. I insist on the point of order
that the House has no power to decide ques-
tions of the eligibility of candidates voted lor
for the Presidency.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman does not
submit that as a question for the Chair to
decide ? ,
Mr. BANKS. I submit it to the House.
The SPEAKER. It is a question for the
House to determine in voting upon the resolu-
tion. It is not a question which is within the
purview of the Chair to determine.
Mr. WILLARD. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
iti the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 9'J, not
voting 40 ; as follows :
YEAR—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barber. Barry,
Beatty, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, James (J. Blair, Brax-
ton, Bright, Buckley, Buffintou, Bunnell, Lurehard,
Burdott, Roddick R. Butler, ClarkeCoburn. Cogh-
lan, Comingo, Oritcher, .Davis, Dawes, Dickey,
DuBose, Bunnell, Karnes, blliott, Esry, Wilder
B. Foster, Ourfield. Hale, IXarmcr, Harper George
K. Harris, John B. Hawlcy. Joseph R. Ilawley,
Hay, Hays, Uerry W. Hiinclton, John W. IlMelton,
lierndon, Hoar, Hooper. Houghton, Kelley, Kerr,
Keteham, Killmger. Lamport, Lapsing. Leach,
McCrary, McGrew, McHenry, McKee. Memam,
