1298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Merrick, Monroe, Moore, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker,
Peek, Perce, Peters, Porter, Rainey, Randall,
Ritehie, Mis H. Roberts, Robinson, Rusk, Sargent,
Sessions, Sherwood, Shoemaker, II. Boardman
Smith, Sprague, Starkweather, Sypher, Taffe,
Washington Townsend, Turner, Iwicheli, Tyner,
Upson, Voorhees, Waddell, Wakeman, Waldron.
Wallace, Wheeler, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Banks, Barn um, James B. Beck, Bell, Boles,
Caldwell, Carroll, Cobb, Conger, Conner, Cotton,
Crobs, Crocker. Crossland, Donnan, Dox, Duke,
Eldredge, Ely, Finkelnburg, .Charles Foster, Henry
1), Foster, Garrett, Getz, (biddings, Golladay, Grif-
fith, Haldeman, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, John
T. Harris, Hereford, Hibbard Holman, Kellogg,
Kendall, Kinsella, Lamison, Lowe, Lynch, Mae-
Irtyre, Manson. Marshall, Maynard, McOlelland,
McCormick, Mcjunkin, McICinney, Mitchell,
Morgan, Morphis. Silas L. Niblaek, William L.
Niblaek, Hosea W. Parker, Pendleton, Perry,
Poland, Potter, Price, Prindle, Read, Edward Y.
Rice, William R. Roberts, Sion II. Rogers, Roose-
velt, Sawyer, Scufield. Sheldon, Shcllabarger, bho-
ber. Slater, Slocum, John A. Smith, Siieer, Stevens,
Stevenson, Storm. Stoughton, Stowell, St. John,
Satherland, Terry. Thomas, Van Trump, Vaughan,
Warren, Wells, Whiteley, Wiilard, Williams of New
York, Winchester, Wood, and Young—9i).
SOT VOTING—Messrs. Br.ismus W. Beck, Bigby,
Austin lJlair, Boariaan; Brooks, Benjamin P. But-
ler, Campbell, Cox, Croely, Darrall, I)oddy, Duell,
Farnswortli, Farwell, Forker, Frye, Goodrich, Hal-
sey, Hambleton, Havens, Hill, King, Lewis. Mc-
Neely, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morey, Piatt, John
M. Rice, John Rogers, Seeley, Shanks. Sloss,
Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Swann,
Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Walden, and Whit-
thorne—40.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HOAR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Unsolved, That in the opinion of this House the
votes cast for Horace Greeloy, of New York, for
President of tho United States by the electors should
be counted by the tellers as blank votes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
House, by its resolution just adopted, has dis-
posed of the question raised in the joint con-
vention.
Mr. KERR. Would it not be in order for
the House to vole on the resolution I have
presented?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not see
how it would be. There was no notice given
in joint convention of the point contained in
the resolution of the gentleman. The point
of order raised in convention has been r.ead to
the House, and the House has taken resolu-
tion thereon.
Mr. KERR. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Does the Chair rule my
resolution out of order by reason of anything
contained in the joint rule of the two Houses,
or is it by reason of something in the rules of
the House ?
The SPEAKER. For this reason : the
point of order that comes from the joint con-
vention was read to the House, and the
House, by a vote of 101 to 99, has disposed
of that point. There is, therefore, nothing
before the House upon which the gentleman
can base his resolution.
Mr. KERR. 1 beg to submit one other
consideration, I agree that the House has
disposed of the question of the duty of the
tellers to the extent of forbidding them to
count those voteg for Horace Greeley. But
has the House gone so far as my resolution
now proposes to go, to declare that it shall be
the affirmative duty of the tellers to inform the
joint convention how many blank votes have
been cast, and to reckon the votes cast for
Horape Greeley as such blank votes?
The SPEAKER. If the House is to pass
upon that as a separate qijestron, it must come
to the House from the joint copyention of the
two branches.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The House ha^ already
declared by resojutioij that the votes past for
Horace Greeley were void yotcs. The gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] now asks the
House to pass a resolution declaring that the
votes cast tor Horace Greeley were not only
void votes, but that they were cast for Mr.
Blank ; which is an absurdity.
The SPEAKER. There is no question before
the House.
Mr. KERR. Allow me to say 
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not in-
tend unnecessarily to deprive thegentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] of the right of dis-
cussing a point of order. But the rule of the
two Houses is very absolute, and in the gen-
eral judgment very necessary, that no de-
bate shall be allowed under the circumstances.
This is in the nature of debate. And if the
debate can exist lawfully under the rules for
ten minutes, it may extend for ten hours, and
for ten weeks. Therefore, it is the duty of
the Chair, a duty more incumbent upon him
because it is prescribed by the joint rule
than if prescribed by a rule of the House, to
adhere absolutely to the spirit and letter of
the rule.
message from the president.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Babcock, his Private Secretary,
announced that the President had approved
and signed the following bills :
An act (H. R. No. 333) for the relief of
Mrs. M. S. Morse, widow of Isaac S. Morse,
deceased; and
An act (H. R. No. 2880) for a public build-
ing at Atlanta, Georgia.
The message farther announced that the
following bills having been received by the
President on the 30th of January last, and not
having been returned by him to the House of
Representatives within the ten days prescribed
by the Constitution, had become laws without
his approval:
An act (H. R. No. 1275) for the relief of
William Vails, late a private in company A
third regiment Indiana volunteer cavalry ; and
An act (H. R. No. 8G1) directing the pay-
ment to Robert McKee, of 'Kentucky, of pay,
allowances, and bounty withheld from him.
counting tub electoral votes.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the point certified to the House from the joint
convention, and which was raised by Mr.
Trumbull, a Senator from the State of Illi-
nois.
The Clerk read as follows:
Mr. tiiumiitill objects to counting the votes enst
for President and Vice President by the electors in
the State of Mississippi, for the reason that it does
not appear from tho certificate of said electors that
they voted by ballot.
Mr. DAWES. I submit the following reso-
lution :
Jlesolved, That in the judgment of this House the
eight votes reported by the tellers as east by electors
in and for the Stateof Mississippi ought to be counted
as reported by them.
Mr. AMBLER. Does not the question now
presented involve also the point raised in joint
convention by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Potter.]
The SPEAKER, No matter whether it
does or not; the Chair cannot take note of that.
Mr. AMBLER. I move to amend the reso-
lution by striking out " eight" and inserting
"seven."
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not sup-
pose a division would be called or an amend-
ment offered on this resolution. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is
entitled to be recognized to try the sense of the
House upon ordering the previous question.
The gentleman will state whether he yields for
an amendment.
Mr. AMBLER. I think the question pre-
sented by my amendment should be submitted
to the House.
Mr. POTTER. The Constitution provides
that these votes of the electors shall be cast
by ballot-
Mr. QAP>,BTELD, of Ohio. It does not say
that they shall go certify.
Mr. DAWES. I call the previous question
on my resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
resolution, there were—ayes 101, noes 33.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. RANDALL. Let us have the yeas and
nays. This is a very important question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the resolution of Mr. Dawes was adopted.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
objection made in ^he joint convention by Mr.
Potter, a Representative from the State of
New York.
The Clerk read as follows:
Mr. Potter objects to the counting of one vote of
tho State of Mississippi, because the certificate de-
claring that J. J. Spell man was appointed an elector
in the stead of A. T. Morgan, absent, by the elect-
oral college of that State, in accordance with the
laws of that State, is not signed' by the Governor of
the State; and further, that the certificate of the
secretary of State read does not certify anything
of his own knowledge, but only states he has been
so notified, as he certifies.
Mr. BANKS. I offer a resolution upon that
point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be com-
pelled to recognize the gentleman [Mr. Pot-
ter] who raised the point in the joint con-
vention.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I raise a point of order.
My point is that the House has just passed a
resolution that the eight votes of Mississippi
are to be counted; and that this proposition
is incompatible with the resolution just adopted.
The SPEAKER. That is not a point of
order. It is a matter for the House, not the
Chair to decide.
Mr. POTTER submitted the following
resolution:
fiesolved, That, as one of the eight votes certified
by the electoral college of the State of Mississippi
as cast for Ulysses S. Grant as President, appears
not to have been cast by A. T. Morgan, who appears
by the certificate of the Executive of that State to
liavebeen an elector of that State, but by James J.
Spellman ; and there being no certificate from the
executive authority of that State certifying the
appointment of said James J. Spellman as an
elector of such State, that one of the electoral votes
be rejected, and seven electoral votes only be
counted for that State.
Mr. BANKS. I offer the following resolu-
tion as a substitute for the resolution just
read:
Resolved, That the electors of the State of Missis-
sippi having been appointed in the manner directed
by the Legislature of that State, were legally elected,
and the vote of the State as cast by them should be
counted, and that the certificate of the Governor of
that State of the electoral vote cast and the certifi-
cate of the secretary of State of that State in regard
to the choice of electors is in compliance with the
Constitution and laws of the United States.
Mr. POTTER. In this connection I ask
to have read an extract from the statute of
1792.
Mr. BANKS. I object to the reading of
the statute.
Mr. RANDALL. Is it not in order to ask
for the reading of the certificate of the electoral
college of Mississippi, together with the Gov-
ernor's certificate relating thereto?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
the point embraced in the resolution of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
was disposed of under the point raised by the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] and
the resolution of his colleague, {Mr. Dawes,]
just adopted by the House. The House has
passed a resolution declaring that the electoral
vote of Mississippi should be counted.
Mr. BINGHAM. The eight votes.
The SPEAKER. The eight votes 
Mr. BANKS. If the Chair will allow me,
I wish to say the House has already decided
that those votes should be counted so far as
concerns the objection that the certificate does
not specify the votes of the electors to have
been cast by ballot. Now the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Potter] raises another point,
1 that one of these votes should not be counted
