1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
Mr. AMBLER. In view of the statement
of '"ie gentleman from California. I withdraw
the objection.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. COGHLAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
courts in missouri.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, with the recommendation that it do
pass, the bill (H. R. No. 3021) to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide for hold-
ing a circuit court of the United States in the
western district of Missouri," approved June
8, 1872.
I desire to state to the House that the bill
has been considered and approved, both by the
circuit judge, Judge Dillon, and by Justice
Miller who presides in that district. Without
the enactment of this law, the cases that are
pending, which have been brought since the
passage of the act of 8th June. 1872, in either
of the districts of Missouri, to the courts of the
United States, cannot be proceeded with. I
also desire to say that, by reason of an omis-
sion of the act of 8th June, 1872. Judge Miller
himself presiding, all the cases on the docket
which had arisen under the act of 8th June
were simply continued. The object of this act
is to make valid the processes and give the
courts jurisdiction.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which objections, if any,
will be in order.
The bill was read in part, when
Mr. HOLMAN said : This seems to be an
entirely new bill. It fixes salaries. I thought
from the explanation of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] that it was simply amend-
atory.
Mr. BINGHAM. And it is simply amend-
jatory. If the gentleman will allow me, I will
j explain the matter.
Sir. HOLMAN. Is not the salary of the
judge raised ?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will continue
the reading of the bill.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must object, unless the
section in regard to salary is stricken out.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
object conditionally.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to make a simple
statement. There is a line about salary in the
bill. It was stated to the commit-teee by Justice
Miller when he appeared before the committee
(and it is not improper for me. I presume, to
state it to the House) that the district judge of
the eastern district of Missouri performs per-
haps as much service annually as any district
judge in the United States, and that he is a
judge of great ability and standing, paying
constant attention to his duty. I believe it is
conceded by everybody that his salary at
present is not sufficient to compensate him at
all for his services. We put it, by the amend-
ment to the bill, at the same rate as is now
fixed by law for the district judge of Louisiana.
That, if I remember, is $3,500.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. It is $4,500.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well; that is all there is
of it.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I have no objection
that a separate vote be taken on this section.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot allow
a long debate to proceed in this way.
, Mr. FINKELNBURG. I appeal to the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] not to
jeopard the whole bill in this way.
The SPEAKER. The point must be set-
tled whether the bill is before this House. The
Chair cannot allow the debate to proceed upon
a conditional objection.
I Mr. ELDREDGE. I want to offer an
I; amendment.
The SPEAKER. The question is whether
the bill is before the House. Objection hav-
ing been made and not withdrawn, the bill is
not before the House.
| order of business.
I Mr. AMBLER. I call for the regular order
li of business.
;j Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
1 mows consent to take up and consider the bill
providing for an elevator in the north end of
the Capitol.
Mr. AMBLER. I insist upon the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees during the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
House take a recess until three o'clock.
' Mr. AMBLER. I move that the House
adjourn. It is perfectly apparent that there is
no quorum present.
Mr. DAWES. I think there can be no
objection to taking a recess, so that the defi-
ciency appropriation bill, if passed by the Sen-
ate to day, may be signed by the Speaker and
sent to the President.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist upon the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
motion to adjourn.
The question was taken viva voce, but before
the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for a division.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
32, noes 51.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
After the result of the vote had been an-
nounced,
Mr. HOLMAN said: I believe no quorum
voted.
The SPEAKER. It does not require a
quorum to decide a motion to adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It requires a quorum
to transact business.
The SPEAKER. That point will be good
when the occasion arises for it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers on the
motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has no
right to have tellers.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think I called in time,
and no quorum voted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not
call for tellers until after the result of the vote
had been announced by the Chair. The fact
that no quorum voted does not give the gentle-
man a right to tellers. Upon a question requir-
ing a quorum for its decision, if no quorum
appears upon a division, the rule makes it the
duty of the Chair to appoint tellers ; but the
motion to adjourn can be decided by less than
a quorum.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] to withdraw his
call for a division, and allow us to take a re-
cess until four or five o'clock, so that the ses-
sion may be continued till that time, and the
Speaker can then sign enrolled bills, if any
shall be reported. That is all I ask.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I move that the re-
mainder of to-day's session be for debate only,
and that no business whatever shall be trans-
acted except to receive messages from the
President and the Senate, and reports from
the Committee on Enrolled Bills.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent. On the vote upon the motion
to adjourn no quorum was disclosed.
Mr. DAWES. Therefore 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
"therefore" himself.
Mr. DAWES. Well, I desire to state a
^ therefore ''
The SPEAKER, Therefore the Chair will
entertain no business except a motion for a
call of the House, except some proposition
that can be determined by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. DAWES. Is it not competent for the
member who called for a division on the mo-
tion to adjourn to withdraw that call?
The SPEAKER. If the division had not
been made, it would be in order for the gen-
tleman calling for the division to withdraw his
call.
Mr. DAWES. That was my " therefore."
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not agree
with that " therefore." [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. I ask unanimous con-
sent for my proposition for a session for de-
bate to-day.
Mr. AMBLER. I objeot.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that there be
a call of the House.
The question was taken; and the motion
was not agreed to.
Mr. YOUNG. I move that the House take
a recess until four o'clock.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is that in order
without a quorum?
The SPEAKER. The House has just re-
fused to adopt the mode prescribed by the
rules to ascertain whether or not a quorum is
present., by voting down the motion for a call
of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the Chair allow
me to ask whether less than a quorum can
order a recess ?
The SPEAKER. It cannot; but the Chair
is not aware whether a quorum is now in the
House or not.
The question being taken on the motion for
a recess, it was not agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The question being taken on the motion,
there were—ayes 43, nays 61.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 36, nays 68, not voting
137; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Arthur, Barber,
Erasmus \V. Beck, James B. Beck, James G. Blair,
Boarman, Braxton, Burchard, Carroll, Crossland,
Dodds, Donnan, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Henry
1). Foster, Giddings, Hoi man. Kendall, Kerr, King,
Lowe, Marshall, McClelland, MeCormick, Mc-
.Junkin, Morgan, Perry, Read, John M. Rice, Sion
H. Rogers, Shober, Whitthorne, Willard, and Win-
chester—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Barry, Beveridge, Biggs, Bing-
ham, Bright, Brooks, Buffinton, Burden, Roderick
R. Butler. Cobb, Cogblan, Cotton, Dawes, Dox,
DuBose, Duell, Dunnell, Eames, Eldredge, Gar-
field, Getz, Hale, Hancock, George E. Harris. Ha-
vens, John B. Hawlev, Joseph R. llawley, Gerry
W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hibbard, Hoar,
Hooper, Houghton, Lynch. Maynard, McGrew, Mc-
Kee, Merriam, Merrick, Monroe, Morey, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Orr, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Perce,
Poland, Porter. Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts, John
Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks, II. Boardman
Smith, Stevens, Stevenson, Stoughton, 1'affe, Turner,
Twiehell, Wakeman, Walden, Wallace, Wheeler,
Williams of Indiana, and Young—68.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Ames, Archer,
Averill, Banks. Barnurn, Beatty, Bell, Bigby, Bird,
Austin Blair, Boles, Buckley,Benjamin F. Butler,
Caldwell, Campbell, Clarke, Coburn, Comingo,
Conger, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Creely, Critcher,
Crocker, Darrall, Davis. De Large, Dickey, Duke,
Elliott, Ely, Esty. Farwell, Forker, Charles Foster,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garrett, Golladcy, Good-
rich, Griffith, Haldeman.Halsey, Hambleton, Hand-
ley, Hnnks, Harrner, Harper, John T. Harris, Hay,
Hays, Hereford, Herndon, Hill, Kelley, Kellogg,
Ketchain, Killinger, Kinsella, Lamison, Lamport,
Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Manson, McCrary, Mc-
Henry, Mclntyre, McKinney, McNeely, Benjamin
F. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Morphis, Niblack,
Packard, Packer, Hosea W.Parker, Peck, Pendle-
ton, Peters, Piatt, Potter, Price, Prindle, Randall,
Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts,
Robinson, Roosevelt, Rusk, Scofield, Seeley, Ses-
sions, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood. Shoemaker,
Slater, Slocum, Sloss, John A. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Speer, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Storm, Stowell, St. John. Sutherland,
Swann, Sypher, Terry, Thomas, D wight Townsend,
Washington Townsend, Tuthill, 'L'yner, Upson, Van
Trump,Vaughan. Voorhees Waddell, Waldron,
Walls, Warren, Wells, Waiteiey, Williams of New
York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and
Wood—137.
