1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1299
because it was not in compliance with the iaws
of the State. My resolution proposes that
they shall all be counted because the electors
were chosen in compliance with the laws of
the State.
Mr. RANDALL, I want to get at a history
of the facts.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to this House em-
barking on any question of history. [Laughter. ]
Mr. ELDREDGE. I would like to make a
parliamentary inquiry. If the House should
now decide that this one electoral vote ought
not to be counted, what would be the effect of
such action, standing by the side of the reso-
lution the House has already adopted that the
whole eight votes shall be counted ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not placed
here to tell the effect of what the House may
do.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I submit, then, as a
point of order to be decided by the Chair, that
the House has already determined to count
the eight votes of Mississippi.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that as a point of order. As the reading
of the papers, which has been called for, is
not in the nature of debate, the Chair directs
the Clerk to read the certificate of the electors
of the State of Mississippi.
The Clerk read as follows :
State of Mississippi,
Executive Department.
Jackson, Mississippi, December 4,1S72.
At the election held in the State of Mississippi, on
the first Tuesday in Novomber, A. I). 1S72, the fol-
lowing persons were elected by a majority of the
legal voters of the said State as electors lor Pres-
ident and Vice President of the United States. II.
0. Carter, W. II. G-ibbs, W. F. Simonton, Jara.es
Hill, A. K. Davis, A. P. Morgan, W. H. Harney, S.
J. Ireland.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and caused the great seal of the State of Mis-
[l. s.j si&sippi to be affixed at the city of Jackson,
this 4th day of December. A. D. 1872.
It. C. POWERS, Governor.
By the Governor:
JAMES LYNCII, Secretary.
State of Mississippi.
Executive Dkpuitmext,
Jackson, Mississippi, December 4,1872.
'This is to certify that on this 4th day of December,
A. D. 1872, I was notified by the college of electors
of the SUte of Mississippi that at a meeting then
being held by them for the purpose of givinsc their
votes for President and Vice President of the United
States, A. F. Morgan, one of the electors, not being
present, they duly appointed J. J. Speilman to fill
the said vacancy, the said appointment being made
in accordance with section three hundred and
eighty-two. Revised Code, 1871, of the State of Mis-
sissippi. , . ,
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my nana
r n and fixed the groat seal of the State this 4th
[L. S.J ^ay 0f December. 1872. C1
JAMES LYNCII, {secretary.
On this Wednesday, the4fch day of December, A.
D. 1872, at the city of Jackson, in the State or Mis-
sissippi, the electors therefor assembled for the pur-
pose of voting for President and Vice Pie&iilenloi
the United States, and they accordingly voted, with
the following result, to wit:
For President ot the United States, Ulysses S.
Grant, of Illinois, eight votes.
For Vice President, of the United States. Henry
Wilson, eight votes. NIBAL c. CARTER,
W. H. GIBBS,
W. F. SIMONTON,
JAMES HILL,
JAMES**! SPELLMAN,
WM. II. HARNEY,
SAM'L J. IRELAND.
Mr. CONGER. I ask that the point of
order raised in joint convention by the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Potter] be again
The Clerk then read the objection made by
Mr. Potter, of New York, in the joint C°U"
vention, the resolution offered by him in the
House, and also the substitute moved by Mr.
Banks, of Massachusetts.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The Househas already
determined to count the eight votes of Missis-
sippi) and [ make the point this resolution is
incompatible with the action of the House.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to debate.
Mr. BANKS. I will modify my substitute
for the resolution of the gentleman from New
Y6rk by inserting the words "as provided by
the Constitution of the United States."
Mr. DICKEY. I object to debate on either
side of the House.
Mr. BANKS. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. DUKE. If it be in order, 1 ask to
have read the law of Mississippi referred to
in the certificate read by the Clerk.
Mr. DICKEY. The law of Mississippi is
in the nature of debate, and I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The confusion in the
House is so great that the Chair will be
obliged to call gentlemen by name.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered.
The question first recurred on the substitute
of Mr. Banks for the resolution of Mr: Potter.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
109. noes 33.
So the substitute was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was then
adopted.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the substitute was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I submit the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That tho Clerk of the House be directod
to inform tho Sonato that tho House of Representa-
tives has acted on tho questions submittod this day
by tho joint convention of the two Houses in refer-
ence to counting tho votes for President and Vice
President of tho United States.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend by insert-
ing copies of the resolutions adopted by the
House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Should not that
be done in joint meeting?
Mr. BINGHAM. Let them have an op-
portunity to concur under the twenty-second
rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has directed
the Clerk to communicate to the Senate copies
of the resolutions adopted by the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no ob-
jection to amending my resolution in that
respect.
Mr. HOAR. Should not the resolution read
in pursuance of the joint rule?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no ob-
jection to that.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will commun-
icate to the Senate copies of the resolutions
adopted by the House.
The resolution as modified was adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution as mod-
ified was adopted; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. RANDALL, (at
three o'clock and ten minutes p. m ,)the House
took a recess for fifteen minutes.
The recess having expired, the House re-
assembled at three o'clock and twenty-five
minutes p. m.
mkssage prom tiib senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sox, one of its clerks, informed the House that
the Senate had passed the following resolu-
tions :
Resolved, That the electoral votos of Georgia east
for Horace Greeley be counted.
Remind, That the vote oast by James J..Spell-
man, one of the electors for the State of Mississippi,
h0llwolved,'That the electoral vote of the Stato of
Mississippi be counted.
The message further announced that the
Senate is ready again to meet the House, that
the counting of the electoral votes may be pro-
ceeded with.
counting of electoral vote
Mr. DAWES. 1 oflfer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That a rat-ftoigc ho sent to tho bonato, to
inform that body that the Houso is ready to receive
the Senate, to proceed again with the counting of
the electoral votos.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
At three o'clock and thirty-five miuutcs p.
m. the Senate in a body reentered the Hall.
The VICE PRESIDENT (having resumed
the chair.) The Chair will read a part of the
twenty-second rule:
"And no question shq.ll be decided affirmatively,
and no vote objected to shall be counted, except by
the concurrent votes of tho two Houses; which being
obtained, tho two Houses shall immediately reas-
semble, and tho Presiding Officer shall then an-
nounce the decision of the quostion submittod."
Upon the first point raised by the Represent-
ative from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] the Sen-
ate decided as follows:
Resolved, That the olectoral votos of Georgia, cast
for Horace Greeley, be counted.
The House of Representatives decided as
follows:
Remitted, That tho votos reported by tho tellers as
having boon cast by the electors of the Stato of Geor-
gia tor Horace Greeley, of Now York, as President
of the United Plates ought not to bo counted, tho
said Horace Greeley having died befoio said votos
wero cast.
Upon this question there is a non-concur-
rence of the two Houses.
On the question submitted by the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] in regard to the
votes of the State of Mississippi, the Senate
adopted the following resolution :
Rcmlved, That the electoral vote of the State of
Mississippi bo counted.
And the House of Representatives adopted
the following resolution:
Resolved, That in the judgment of this Houso
the eight votos reported by the tellers us CASt by the
electors in and for the Stato of Mississippi ought to
be counted as reported by them.
Ou this question the votes of tho two Houses
are concurrent.
On the third point raised by the Represent-
ative from New York, [Mr. Potter,] which
was in regard to the election of one elector
from Mississippi, the Senate adopted the fol-
lowing resolution, which is covered also by its
action on the full vote of the State:
Resolved, That tho voto east by James J. Spellman,
ono of the eleotors for the State of Mississippi, be
counted.
The House of Representatives adopted the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the doctors of tho Stato of Missis-
sippi having been appointed in the manner dirocted
by the Legislature of that State, and m accordance
with the provisions of tho Constitution ot thoUnited
States, were legally oiectcd, and that the vote or the
State as east by them should bo counted, and that
the certificate of the Governor of that State of the
electoral vote cast, and the certificate of tho secre-
tary of State of that State in regard to the choiooof
electors, is in compliance with tho Constitution and
laws of the United States.
Therefore, by the twenty-second joint rule,
there being a non-concurrence between the two
Houses upon the three votes cast in the State
of Georgia for Horace Greeley for President
of the United States, they cannot be counted.
And in accordance with the same joint rule,
the votes of the State of Mississippi will be
counted.
The tellers resumed the counting of the
votes, and announced the same, until the State
of Missouri was reached, when
Senator MORTON said: I dosire to call
attention to the fact that in the State of Geor-
gia the certificate shows that two votes were
cast for Mr. Jenkins, a citizen of the State
of Georgia, for President, and five votes for
Mr. Colquitt, a citizen of the State of Georgia,
for Vice President, which is in contravention
of the twelfth article of amendment to the
Constitution, which reads as follows :
"The electors shall meet in their respective States
and vote by ballot for President and Vice President,
one of whom, at least, shall not ho an inhabitant ot
the same State with themselves,"
