APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
42b Cong....3d Sess.
Tax on Leaf Tobacco—Mr. Bice.
Ho. of Beps.
Tax on leaf Tobacco.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN M. RICE,
OE KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
December 20, 1872,
On the bill to repeal the law imposing a special tax
upon retail dealers in leaf tobacco.
Mr. RICE, of Kentucky. At an early day
of the present session of Congress I introduced
and had referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means a bill to repeal certain portions of
the act to reduce duties on imports and to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
approved June 6, 1872. The following is the
bill:
A bill to repeal the law imposing a special tax upon
retail dealers in leaf tobacco.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all that portion of section thirty-one
oi an act entitled "An act to reduce duties on imports
and to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 6,1872, that requires the pay-
ment of a special tax by a farmer or planter to sell
by retail to consumers, or to any other persons, leaf
tobacco of bis own production, or leaf tobaeoo
received by him as rent from tenants, be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 2. That all that portion of section thirty-one
oi tbe act aforesaid that requires retail dealers in
leaf tobacco to pay five hundred dollars, or that
requires said dealers in leaf tobacco to pay "fifty
cents lor every dollar in excess of one thousand
dollars of their sales." be, and the same is hereby,
repealed; and hereafter any dealer in tobacco shall
have the right to sell, by retail, leaf tobacco to any
person whatsoever, without paying any additional
license therefor.
When the bill to revise the tariff and inter-
nal revenue laws was under discussion during
the last session of this Congress, it will be
remembered that when we had finished that
portion of the bill relating to the tariff on im-
ports, each section and paragraph having been
considered and debated separately, the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means moved to suspend the rules and
pass the bill as amended, thereby shutting out
and cutting off all chance or opportunity to
offer amendments or to discuss the provisions
&f the bill relating to the tax on distilled spirits
or tobacco. I was one among the very few
members of the House that voted against this
motion of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means. I was influenced in that
vote by the conviction that there was much in
the bill relating to the tax on distilled spirits
and tobacco that should have been stricken
out or amended, and was satisfied that the pro-
visions of the act sought to be repealed by the
bill I had the honor to offer would have been
struck out had full opportunity been given for
the introduction of amendments and debate
had upon the effect of the law.
The title of the law as it now stands upon
your statute-books is a misnomer. Instead of
reading, " to reduce internal taxes," &c., it
should read, " to prevent the farmer from en-
42d Cong. 3d Sess.-—No. 1.
joying the result of his labor and industry,
and to compel the consumers of tobacco
throughout the United States to pay tribute
to the manufacturers of tobacco." For, sir,
disguise it as you may, explain it as you will,
the effect, if not the whole object, purpose,
and intent of the provisions of the tariff law
which I seek to repeal, was and is to prevent
consumers from using other than manufactured
tobacco, for the tax on retail dealers of leaf
tobacco is placed so outrageously high that it
amounts to a prohibition of the sale of leaf to
consumers at prices that will compete with the
manufacturers ; so that consumers as a matter
of economy, if for no other reason, are com-
pelled to purchase the manufactured article in
preference to the leaf.
We had while the Committee of Ways and
Means were drafting and arranging the details
of the tariff bill a swarm of manufacturers of
tobacco from all sections of the country hov-
ering around the Capitol, (liscussing and ex-
plaining before the Ways and Means Commit-
tee the provisions of the bill relating to the
tax on tobacco, and flooding the desks of mem-
bers of Congress with printed circulars ex-
plaining how the proposed tax would operate
upon the manufacturing interest, but never
once alluding to how the farmer or cultivator
of tobacco was to be affected by the law. For
a while the contest between the manufacturers
of plug and fine-cut waxed warm ; but their
differences, however, were compromised and
the farmer, or cultivator, and consumer of
tobacco had to pay the penalty of their dis-,
agreement, and were made to bear the burden
growing out of theircompromise. It is a mat-
ter of perfect indifference with the manufac-
turers of tobacco what amount or how much tax
the Government imposes upon the manufac-
tured article if they can by legislation hedge
about and protect their interest against all com-
petition, and compel parties to purchase their
commodities; for they know, as every one else
knows that has an intelligent idea of a tariff
or a tax, that it is the consumer of the article
or commodity who ultimately pays the tariff or
tax imposed upon it by the Government.
As a specimen of pure class legislation
looking to the interests and intended to put
money into the pockets of the few at the ex-
pense of the many, the provisions of the pres-
ent tariff law, in regard to the sale of tobacco,
challenges our admiration, and is without a
parallel in the whole history of legislative pro-
ceedings, except as to be found in the revenue
laws adopted by the Congress of the United
States since the Republican party came into
power. That there may be no misapprehen-
sion as to the effect and glaring injustice of
that portion of section thirty-one of the rev-
enue laws sought to be repealed by the bill
presented by me, I will read it. Its provisions
are as follows :
" That section fifty-nine be amended by striking
out all of paragraphs seven, eight, nine, and ten,
and inserting in lieu thereof the following, to wit:
dealers in leaf tobacco, except retail dealers in
leaf tobacco, as hereinafter defined, shall each pay
twenty-five dollars. Every person shall be regarded
as a dealer in leaf tobacco whose business it is, for
himself or on commission, to sell, or offer for sale,
or consign for sale on commission, leaf tobaeoo;
and payment of a special tax as dealer in tobacco,
manufacturer of tobacco, manufacturer of cigars, or
any other special tax, shall not exempt any person
dealing in leaf tobacco from the payment of the
special tax therefor hereby required. But no farmer
or planter shall be required to pay a special tax as a
dealer in leaf tobacco, for selling tobacco of his own
production, or tobacco received by him as rent from
tenants who have produced the same on his land.
But nothing in this section shall be construed to
exempt from a special tax any farmer or planter
who shall, by peddling or otherwise, sell leaf to-
bacco at retail directly to consumers, or who shall
sell or assign, consign, transfer, or dispose of to per-
sons other than those who have paid a special tax
as leaf dealerrs or manufacturers of tobacco, snuff,
or cigars, or to persons purchasing leaf tobacco for
export. And it shall be the duty of every farmer or
planter producing and selling leaf tobacco, on de-
mand of anyinternal revenue officer or other author-
ized agent of the Treasury Department, to furnish
said officer or agent a true and correct statement,
verified by oath or affirmation, of all his sales of leaf
tobacco, the number of hogsheads, cases, or pounds,
with the name and residence, in each instance, of
the person to whom sold, and the place to which it
is shipped. And any such farmer or planter who
shall willfully refuse to furnish such information,
or who shall knowingly make false statements as
to any of the facts aforesaid, shall be liable to a
penalty not exceeding $500/
"Dealers in leaf tobacco shall hereafter sell only
to other dealers who have paid aspeoial tax as such,
and to manufacturers of tobacco, souff, or cigars,
and to such persons as are known to be purchasers
of leaf tobacco for export.
"Retail dealers in leaf tobacco shall each pay
$500, and, if their annual sales exceed $1,000, snail
each pay, in addition thereto, fifty cents for every
dollar in excess of $1,000 of their sales. Every per-
son shall be regarded as a retail dealer m leaf tobacco
whose business it is to sell leoi" tobacco in quantities
less than an original hogshead, case, or bale; or who
shall sell directly to consumers, or, to persons other
than dealers in leaf tobacco, who have paid a special
tax as such; or to manufacturers of tobacco, snuff,
or cigars who have paid a special tax; or to persons
who purchase in original packages for export. Re-
tail dealers in leaf tobacco shall also keep a book,
and enter therein daily their purchases and sales, in
a form and manner to be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, which book shall be
open at all times for the inspection of any revenue
officer."
Now, Mr. Speaker, any one can see at a
glance that the effect, if not the direct object and
intent, of this law is to prohibit farmers from
selling the product of their farms to other than
a particular class of persons, and to prohibit
consumers from using other than manufactured
tobacco. It is no answer to say that tbe object
of'the law is to increase the revenues and pre-
vent frauds upon the Treasury. The law pur-
ports to be a reduction of the internal revenue
tax, and does reduce the tax on manufactured
tobacco from thirty-two to twenty cents per
pound, and if it was not the intent and object
of the law to put money into the pockets of
the maufaeturer, why not leave the farmer and
dealer in leaf tobacco, as the old law left
them, in the untrammeled and unrestricted
right to sell to whom they please and in quan--
tities to suit customers? This would have left
the poor to indulge their taste, if they desired,
