1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
337
House that that body had passed an act (H.
li. No. 1812) authorizing the First National
Bank of Newnan to change its location and
name, with amendments ; in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 950) authorizing the
Kansas Valley National Bank of Topeka, in
the State of Kansas, to change its name to the
First Natioual Bank of Topeka ; in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The question next recurred on the motion
to dispense with all further proceedings under
the call.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
34, noes 43.
Mr. KERR demanded the yeas aqd nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 41, nays 61, not voting
149 ; as tollows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Banks, Barber, Erasmus
\Y. Beck. James B. Beck, Beveridge, James G. Blair,
Braxton, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Carroll,
Cropland, Dodds. Donnan. Dox, DuBose, Farns-
worth. Finkelnburg, Hale, Hibbard, Kerr, King,
Lowe. Lynch, Marshall. McOoruiick, McJunkin,
Merrick, Perry, John M. Rice, John Rogers, Sion H.
Rogers, Sawyer, Shober, Terry, Walden, Wheeler,
\Vhi'tborne, Willard. and Winchester—41,
N AY S—Messrs. Barry, BingUam.Brooks.Roderick
R. Butler, Cobb, Coghlan, Cotton, Dawes, Duell,
Dunnell, Eames, EUlredge, Garfield, Getz, Giddings,
Hancock, George K.Harris, Havens. John B. Haw-
ley, Joseph R. Hawley, Gerry W. Haielton, John
W. Hazelton, Hoar, Houghton, Maynard, McClel-
land. McGrew, McKee, Merriam, Monroe, Morey,
Leonard Myers, Negley. Palmer, Isaac C. Parker,
Poland, Porter, Raiuey, Ellis H. Roberts, Sargent,
Sheldon, H.Boardman Smith, John A.Smith.Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stoughton, Taffe,
Twichell, Wakeman. and Wallaoe—51.
NUT VOTING — Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ames,
Archer, Arthur, Averill, Barnum, Beatty, Bell,
Bieby, Biggs, Bird. Austin Blair, Boarman, Boles,
Bright, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Caldwell,
Campbell. Clarke, Coburn, Comingo. Conger, Con-
ner, Cox. Crebs, Creely, Critcher, Crocker, Darrall,
Davis. De Large, Dickey, Duke, Elliott, Ely. Esty,
Farwell. Forker, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garrett, Golladay, Goodrich,
Griffith, Haldeman, Halsey, Hambleton, Handley,
Hanks, Harmer, Harper, John T. Harris* Hay, Hays,
Hereford, Herndon, Ilill. Holman, Hooper, Kelley,
Kellogg, Kendall, Ketcham. Killinger, Kinsella,
Lamison, Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Manson,
McCrary,McHenry« Mclntyre, McKinney.McNeely,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan*
Morphis, Niblack, Orr, Packard. Packer, Hosea W.
Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Pot-
ter, Price, Prindle, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice,
Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt.
Rusk, Scofield, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Shella-
barger, Sherwood, Shoemaker, Slater, blocum, Sloss,
Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Speer,
Sprague, Storm, Sto well. St. John, SutheHand,
Swann. Sypher, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Wash-
ington Townsend, Turner, Tqthill, fyner, Upson,
Van Tramp, Vaughan, Voorheea, Waddell, Wal-
dron, Walls, Warren, Wells. Whiteley. Williams
of Indiana. Williams of New York, Jeremiah M.
Wilson. John T. Wilson, Wood, and Young—149.
So the House refused to dispense with fur-
ther proceedings under the call.
LEAVE TO PRINT.
Mr. RICE, of Kentucky, by unanimous con-
sent, obtained leave to have printed in the
Globe some remarks which he had prepared
in relation to the special tax on tobacco. [See
Appendix.]
ADJOOKNMBHT OVBR.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
it is very evident, Mr. Speaker, that there is
not a quorum here, and that no business can
be done. I move therefore that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at two o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned until Monday, January 6,
1873, at twelve o'clock m.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
Mr. DONNAN: A petition of soldiers
and sailors of Iowa, in behalf of amendments
to the present homestead law.
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 22.
By Mr. EAMES: The petition of George
F. Thorp, of Cumberland, Rhode Island, a
soldier of the war of 1812, for a pension from
1815 to 1822.
By Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut: The
memorial aud petition of George H. Risley,
of East Hartford, Connecticut, for the pay-
ment of EVench spoliation claims.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Jennette S. Kim-
ball and others, for the same.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of
James P. Aiken and 46 others, citizens of
Lawrence county, Pennsylvania, praying that
a pension be granted Joseph McCallister, late
a soldier of the war of 1812.
By Mr. ROGERS, of New York: The peti-
tion of Aurelia Surprise, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Ely Cameron, a private
in company D, thirty-fourth regiment New
York volunteer infantry, praying for the re-
moval of the charge of desertion, &c.
Also, the petition of John Surprise, for a
pension.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 6, 1873.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The VICE PRESIDENT resumed the
chair.
Hon. JoHtr Pool, from the State of North
Carolina, Hon. Frederick A. Sawyer, from
the State of South Carolina, and Hon. Ar-
thur I. Boreman, from the State of West
Virginia, appeared in their seats to-day.
The Journal of the proceedings of Friday,
December 20, was read and approved.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, with-
drawing his recommendation for the construc-
tion of a permanent depot for military sup-
plies at San Antonio, Texas; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of War, recommending a re-
appropriation of such part of the $150,000
granted last year for the manufacture of Arms
at the national armory as may remain unex-
pended at the expiration of the present fiscal
year ,- which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of War, recommending the
enactment of a law authorizing the adminis-
tration of oaths to witnesses before boards of
survey in the Army; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of War, transmitting, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate of De-
cember 5, 1872, a list of officers of the regular
Army who have been retired, &c.; which wap
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
He alsQ laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of War, reporting that he had
contracted with the Providence Hospital, of
Washington, District of Columbia, for the
care, medical treatment, &c., of-sixty tran-
sient paupers, under the act of M*rch 3, 18715
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and ordered 0 be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of War, transmitting, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of
December 16, 1872, reports of the phief en-
gineer and others relative to tho Government
works in the harbor of Dulu^h; which wt^s
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of War, submitting a report of
Major J. W. Barlow, United States engineer,
who accompanied a surveying party of the
Northern Pacific railroad, relative to Indian
interference with that road; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
POSTAL EXPENDITURES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair also
presents a letter from the Treasurer of the
United States, transmitting, in compliance
with an act of Congress of July 2, 1836, quar-
terly accounts of the receipts and expendi-
tures of the Post Office Department for the
fiscal years ending June 30, 1870, 1871, and
1872. The accounts are so bulky that the
Chair will, in accordance with the usage, refer
the question of their printing to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Oregon, in favor of
a speedy confirmation of the title of that State
to the swamp and overflowed lands to which
that State is entitled under the acts of Con-
gress ; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT. I present a joint resolution
of the General Assembly of the State of Indi-
ana, relative to an appropriation by Congress
for the completion ot the harbor at Michigan
City, and ask that it may be read by the Sec-
retary.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, as
follows:
A joint resolution in relation to an appropriation
by Congress for the completion of the harbor at
Michigan City,
Be it resolved by the General Assembly of the State
of Indiana, That our Senators in Congress be, and
they are hereby, instructed, and our Representatives
requested, to use all honorable means to secure an
appropriation of money by Congress to complete the
harbor at M ichigan City.
Resolved,, That his Excellency, the Governor, be
requested to transmit a copy of the foregoing reso-
lution to each of our Senators and Representatives
in Congress. ..
W. K. EDWARDS,
Speaker of the house of Representatives.
a. W. FRIEDLEY.
President of the Senate.
State oy Indiaha, Office of Secretary of State, s  :
I, John H. Farauhar, secretary of State of the
State of Indiana, do liereby certify that the fore-
going is a full, trne, and complete copy of the en-
rolled joint resolution No. 7 house of representa-
tives, passed by the General Assembly of the State
of Iqdiana, entitled "A joint resolution in rela-
tion to an appropriation by Congress for the com-
pletion of the harbor at Michigan City," and now on
file at this offioe.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal of the State, at the city
Lh. sj of Indianapolis, this 21st day of December,
1872.
JOPlir H. FARQUHAR,
Seeretary of State.
The resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT. I ask leave also to present
a joint resolution of the Legislature of Indiana,
instructing the Senators and requesting the
Representatives in Congress from that State
to support an act pending in the Senate of the
United States to enable honorably discharged
soldiers and sailors, their widows and orphan
children, to acquire homesteads on the public
lands of the United States, which I ask may
be read by the Secretary.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, as
follows:
A Joint Resolution instructing our Senators in Con-
gress to support an act pending in the Senate of
the United States to enable honorably discharged
soldiers and sailors, their widows and orphan chil-
dren, to acquire homesteads on the public lands
of the United States.
Whereas the Hogse of Representatives of the
United States have passed an aat entitled " An act
to enable hoqorably djscbargea soldiers and sailors,
their widows and orphan children, to acquire home-
steads on the public lands of the United states and
whereas said aot is now landing in the Senate of
the United States: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the (general Assembly of the State
of Indiana, That our Senators in Congress be in-
structed to vote for and to make all proper exertion
to procure the passage of said aot through the Sen-
ate of the United States.
Resolved, That his Excellency the Governor be
