1302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
ever, inclosed. They were not sealed or in-
doised on the back. The Chair opened them
on the distinct understanding that they were
informal, because they were directed to him
as any other letter might- be.
From Louisiana there have been received
two returns sent by mail and two by messenger,
each of the last having been received by the
Secretary of State, in the absence of the Vice
President and the President of the Senate o
tempore from the seat of Government. The
first return, made by L. C. Roudanez, was
1 eceived on the 31st of December, within the
time required^by the Constitution. The sec-
ond return was received on the 2d January,
being one day within the time required by the
Constitution. Wbat appeared to be the dupli-
cates were received by mail on the 10th and
14th December. The Chair will first submit
those returns which reached the office of the
Secretary of State, in accordance with law, on
31st December. One of the tellers on the
part of the House will report the one first re-
ceived at the Department of State. The dupli-
cate.received by mail is in the hands of the
teller on the part of the Senate.
Mr. DAWES (one of the tellers) read the
following papers:
Office of Secretary of State,
Pamsh of Okleans, State of Louisiana,
December 3, A. D. 1872.
I, George E. Bovee, secretary of State for the
State of Louisana, do hereby certify that the re-
1 urning officers of the election held in said State on
the 4th day of November, A. D. 1872, have returned
to uie as secretary of State according to law the fol-
lowinK persons as duly elected electors of President
and Vice President of the United States for the
State of Louisiana at such election, to wit: for tho
State at large: M. F. Bonzano, Jules Lanabere,
Charles E. Halstead. Eor the districts: first dis-
trict, L. C. Roudanez: second district, A. K. John-
son; third district, Milton Morris; fourth district,
Joseph K. Taylor; filth district, John Ray.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto signed my
name and caused the seal of the State to be
rT „ t attached, this 3d day of December, A. D. 1872,
1 S,J and of the independence of the United States
the ninety-seventh.
GEORGE E. BOVEE,
Secretary of State.
United States of America,
State of Louisiana,
Nkw Oblkaxs, December 4,1872.
We, the electors of President and Vice President
of the United States for the State of Louisiana, do
hereby certify, that on proceeding to vote by ballot
for President of the United States, on the date above,
that Ulysses S. Grant, ol the State of Illinois, re-
ceived eittlit votes for President of the United States,
and thcro were no votes cast for any other person.
And on proceeding to vote by ballot for Vice
President of the United States, that Henry Wilson
of the State of Massachusetts, received eight votes
for Vieo President of tho United States, and there
were no votes cast for any other person.
In testimony whereof we, said electors, have here-
unto signed our names, the date above mentioned.
JS. P. BURAND,
JAMBS B. LOTT.
JOHN RAY,
M. P. BONZANO,
J. J. LANABERE,
CHARLES E. HALSTEAD,
L. C. ROUDANEZ,
A. K. JOHNSON.
[Copy.]
The following persons, elected electors of Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United States accord-
ing to the certifioate of the secretary of State of the
State of Louisiana,, namely: for the State at large,
M. F. Bonzano, Jules Lanabere, and Charles E.
Halstead. For the districts: first district, L. C.
Roudanez; second district, A.K.Johnson ; fifth dis-
trict. John Ray, met at Mechanic's Institute, in the
Lieutenant Governor's parlor, the building leased
and occupied by the State for the use of the senate
and house of representatives and State officers, at
threo o clock p. m., on the 1st Wednesday of Decem-
ber, being tho 4th day of said month, Milton Morris
ot the third district, and Joseph K. Taylor of the
1'iurth district being absent, when, on morion of
John Ray. Dr. M. F. Bonzano was selected to pre-
side; and on motion of A. K. Johnson, Charles E.
Halstead was appointed secretary.
The meeting naving taken a recess until four
o'clock p. m., met again at that hour; when, upon
roll-call,it appeared that Milton Morris and Joseph
11. Taylor were not present, having failed to atteod.
On motion of John liay, the electors present pro-
ceeded to supply such vacancies by ballot. A. K.
Johnson and L. C. Roudanez were appointed tellers;
when, after balloting, it was found that B. R. Du-
rand received four votes and W. B. Phillips two,
and E. R. Dnrand was declared elocted to fill the
vacancy of Miltou Morris; and Joseph B. Lofct re-
ceiving four and R. Blunt three votes, Mr. Lott wa§
declared elected to fill the vacancy of Joseph K.
Taylor. Both the parties so elected residing in the
congressional districts represented by the respective
absentees. .
The persons so elected, being present, took their
seats as electors. The said electors then proceeded
to vote by ballot for President and Vice President
of the United States; when A. K. Johnson and L.
C. Roudanez were appointed tellers, and upon count-
ing the ballots for President of the United States it
was found that Ulysses S. Grant, of the State of Illi-
nois, bad received eight votes for President of the
United States; and upon counting the votes for Vice
President of the United States it was found that
Henry Wilson, of the State of Massachusetts, had
received eight votes for Vice President of the Uni-
ted States, the vote being unanimous for each, no
other person having received any votes for either
office; and said electors have issued three certifi-
cates in the form following, to wit:
United States of America,
State of Louisiana,
New Orleans, December 4, 1872,
We, the electors of President and Vice President
of the United States for the State of Louisiana, do
hereby certify that on proceeding to vote by ballot
for President and Vice President of the United
States, on the date above, that Ulysses S. Grant, of
the State of Illinois, received eight votes for Presi-
dent of the United States, and there were no votes
cast for any other person.
And on proceeding to vote by ballot for Vice Pres-
ident of the United States, that Henry Wilson, of the
State of Massachusetts, received eight votes for Vice
President of the United States, and there were no
votes cast for any other person.
In testimony whereof we, said electors, have
hereto signed our names, the date above men-
tioned.
Which certificates were placed separately in en-
velopes and sealed up carefully, and on each envel-
ope was indorsed, that the within contains a list of
the votes of theState of Louisiana for President and
Vicc President of the United States, one of which
was given to the person appointed to convey the
vote to tho President of the Senate, and was directed
to the President of the Senate, and another indorsed
in the sauie way was put in the post office, and the
other deposited with the judge of the district court
of the United States for the district of Louisiana.
On motion ol John Ray, the el ectors proceeded to
appoint a person to take charge of and deliver to
the President of the Senate at tho seat of Govern-
ment, before the first Wednesday in January next
ensuing, one of said certificates, when L. G. Rouda-
nez was appointed to the above service, and said
electors made and signed a certificate of such
appointment in the following form :
United States of America,
State of Louisiana, Parish of Orleans.
Wednesday, December 4,1872.
We, the undersigned, electors of President and
Vice President of the United States for the State of
Louisiana, do hereby appoint L. C. Roudanez to
take charge of and deliver to the President of the
Senate of the United States at the seat of Govern-
ment, before the first Wednesday in January next,
one of the certificates of the votes cast by the un-
dersigned for President and Vice President of the
United States on the date above.
In testimony whereof, we have hereto signed our
names the date above.
On motion, the meeting adjourned until to-morrow
at two o'clock p. m.
New Orleans, Louisiana,
December" 5,1872.
The electors met pursuant to adjournment, the
following electors present: M. F. Bonzano, Jules
Lanabere, C. E, Halstead, L, C. Roudanez, A. K.
Johnson, P. E. Durand, James B. Lott, John Ray.
Tho minutes of the previous meeting were read
and approved.
On motion, the meeting adjourned until to-mor-
row at two o'clock p. m.
New Orleans, Louisiana,
December 6,1872.
The electors met pursuant to adjournment, the
following members present: M. F. Bonzano, Jules
Lanabere, C. E. Halstead, L. C. Roudanez, A. K.
Johnson, P. E. Durand, J. B. Lott, John Ray.
The minutes of the previous meeting were read
and approved.
On motion, the meeting adjourned until Monday,
December 9, 1872, at two o'clock p. m.
New Orleans, Louisiana,
December 9, 1872.
The electors met pursuant to adjournment, the
following members present: W. F. Bonzano, Jules
Lanabere, C. E. Halstead, L. C. Roudanez, P. E,
Durand, J. B. Lott, John Ray; absent, A. K.
Johnson.
The minutes of the previous meeting were read
and adopted.
On motion, theboard adjourned sine die.
M. F. BONZANO, President.
CHARLES E. HALSTEAD,
Secretary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the 10th of
December last the Chair received an envel-
ope by mail, certifying on the outside that
it contained the vote for President and Vies
President of the State of Louisiana, signed by
eight other persons. On the 2d day of Jan-
uary, being the first Thursday after the first
Wednesday in January, a messenger arrived
with a sealed envelope signed by the same per-
sons which was received by the Department
of State in the absence from the city of the
Vice President and the President pro tempore
of the Senate, which was represented to con-
tain the same vote of the State of Louisiana.
The Chair now delivers the papers so received
to the tellers.
Mr. DAWES (one of the tellers on the part
of the House) read the following papers:
United States of America, the State of Louisiana, city
of New Orleans'.
Be it known that on this the 4th day of the month
of December, A. D. 1872, and of the American inde-
pendence the ninety-seventh year, at the seat of gov-
ernment, to wit, at the city of New Orleans, at the
capitol of said State, at twelve m., met Messrs. T. C.
Manning, C. A. Weed, and Andrew S. Herron, and
Hugh J. Campbell, Louis Bush, Allen Thomas, and
L. V. Reeves, who appear to be electors for theState
of Louisiana by the annexed certificate of the Execu-
tive of said State attached hereto as part ot these
presents, when the said electoral college, having
ascertained that A. H. Leonard, esq., elector for the
fourth district, was absent, according to the require-
ments of the statutes of the State of Louisiana, (Re-
vised Statutes, art. 2830,) a respite was taken until
four p. m
In conformity to the aforesaid respite, at four
p. m. of the 4th day of December of the year afore-
soid, the above-named electors met at the same
place, when the said A. H. Leonard, still appearing
to be absent, the college proceeded by ballot as
required by the statutes of the State of Louisiana
to supply the vacancy. After the ballots had been
duly cast, they were duly canvassed by the chair-
man of the college, Hon. T. C. Manning, when it
appeared that Hon. J. C. Moncuro, of the parish
of Caddo, a resident of the fourth congressional
district, was duly elected to fill the vacancy occa-
sioned by the absence of A. H. Leonard.
Thus organized, the college then formally selected
Hon. T. C. Manning as chairman of the college.
Whereupon the chairman submitted to tho college
the annexed certificate of theExecutive of the State
of Louisiana, and the proceedings of the college
selecting Hon. J. 0. Moncure, in lieu of A. II.
Leonard, esq., as their credentials.
Under the authority and by virtue of the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States and of the State
of Louisiana, the college then proceeded to vote for
President of the United States, when it was ascer-
tained that the eight electors present voted each
separately in blank, designating no person as the
choice of the college for President of the United
States. Acting under the same authority and by
virtue of tho government and law aforesaid, the
college then proceeded to vote for Vice President
of the United States, when it was ascertained that
T. C. Manning, Andrew S, Herron, and C. H. Weed,
electors at large, and Hugh J. Campbell, Louis
Bush, Allen Thomas, J. C. Moncure, and L. V.
Reeves, district electors, each separately voted for
B. Gratz Brown, of the State of Missouri, for Vice
President of the United States.
In faith whereof we hereunto fix our respective
signatures at the city of New Orleans, seat of gov-
ernment of the State of Louisiana, on the day,
month, and year aforesaid.
T. C. MANNING,
ANDREW S. HERRON.
C. H. WEED.
HUGH J. CAMPBELL.
LOUIS BUSH.
ALLEN THOMAS.
J. U MONCURE.
L. V. REEVES.
Mr. DAWES, (one of the tellers.) Then
follows a certificate of the official count of the
votes polled at the election held on the 4th of
November.
Then there is the following paper:
United States of America, State of Louisiana, city of
New Orleans ;
I, H. C. Warmoth, Governor of the State of Louis-
iana, do hereby certify that the foregoing signature
of B. P. Blanchard, State registrar of voters for the
State of Louisiana, is genuine; and 1 do further cer-
tify that Messrs..T. C. Manning, A. S. Herron. and
C.H. Weed, for the State a,t large, and XIugh J, Gamp-
bell, for first district; Louis Bush, second district;
Allen Thomas, third district; A. H. Leonard, fourth
district, and L. V. Reeves, fifth district, were duly
and legally elected presidential electors for theState
of Louisiana, at an election held in said State on the
4th day of November, A. D. 1872, pursuant to the
statutes of the Congress of the United States and
State of Louisiana on the subject.
In faith whereof I have hereunto affixed my offi-
cial signature and caused the great seal oi theState
to be hereto attached, at the city of New Orleans,
capitol of the State, this 4th day of December, A. D.
1872, and of the independence of the United States
the ninety-seventh,
II. C. WARMOTII.
By the Governor:
sl Y. A. WOODWARD,
* Avvistant Secretary <>./ State.
