1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE"CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cong....3d
Steamboat Canal—Mr. Du Bose.
Ho. of Reps.
Abram S. Hewitt, who is eminently quali-
fied to judge in such matters,- says that the
intimate knowledge of the Bessemer process
of making steel which we acquired at the
French exposition is of almost incalculable
advantage to this country, inasmuch that the
cost of that exhibition to us is not a grain in
the-estimate. Another result was largely to
introduce asphalt and bitumen pavements
here, and in the sinking of shafts by the Bel-
fian method, as in the sulphur locality of
rouisiana. The manufacture of beet sugar
in the workshops of Prance has reached
almost to perfection, and from the drawings
famished in the Paris exposition reports,
printed by Congress, several establishments
have been erected in California. These are
a few of the advantages to our country ; still
beyond is the benefit resulting from the knowl-
edge of our own wonderful advance in the
useful arts.
The demand for American hand and ma-
chinery implements was greatly increased by
the Paris exposition. The same is true of
the California wines. Among articles of food
we exhibited there a preparation from corn,
called maizena, which has had • a great sale
abroad. I mention but a few instances, and
what was true then will apply with even greater
force at this day. But, above all, these inter-
national competitions bring into relief the
marvelous development of our country in
science and art, its great agricultural and
mineral wealth, its inviting extent and re-
sources, and the blessings of its institutions.
To the Governments of other lands these
afford new proofs of the strength of our Re-
public, and to their peoples fresh aspiratious
for comforts and freedom. It is well to pro-
vide that artisans and scientific men shall rep-
resent the United States on this interesting
occasion, and with this amendment I earnestly
hope for the passage ©f the bill.
Steamboat Canal.
SPEECH OP HON. D. M. DUBOSE,
OE GEORGIA,
In the Howse op Representatives, ,
January 11, 1873,
On the subject of the Atlantic and Great Western
eanal of Georgia, connecting the waters of the
Mississippi river with the Atlantic ocean.
Mr. DUBOSE. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
discuss the question of connecting the Missis-
sippi river and its tributaries by a continuous
!:ne of water communication through the States
of Alabama and Georgia with the Atlantic
ocean. This route would be safe in war, and
both in peace and in war the cheapest and
most direct route for the products of the
Northwest. In presenting this great enter-
prise, and asking the aid of the General Gov-
ernment. to complete it, I will not enter into a
discussion of the constitutional authority to
give it aid; for it seems to me that if in the
whole range of powers, expressed or implied,
embraced within the purview of the Constitu-
tion, there was one which by a uniform line
of precedents, stretching through a long series
of years, had received the deliberate and
solemn sanction of all branches of the Gov-
ernment, that one is the power to make ap-
propriations to aid in the construction of great
public works of this description. Thereeords
of the country show that the policy, in some
form or other, has been coeval with its exist-
ence, and has been acted upon down to the
present time. ...
Sir, as early as A. D. 1809,^ and during the
administration of James Madison, an act was
approved by him, granting an appropriation
direct from the Treasury of the United States
to construct a canal from the Mississippi river
through Lake Pontchartrain to the Gulf of
Mexico. In 1830, General Jackson in his an-
nual message referred to the internal improve-
ments that were thfen being carried on, and
the cost of the Same. He, in _ reply to a call
made upon him for information concerning
these expenditures, transmitted a report from
the Secretaries of War and the Treasury, in
which it appeared that his meaning embraced
expenditures for roads and canals as well as
harbors, &c. ' -
Again, sir, in March, 18Q7, we find' the
Senate, with but three dissenting votes, pass-
ing a resolution offered by Mr. Worthington,
a Senator from the State of Ohio, in which
the Secretary of the Treasury was directed to
prepare and report to the Senate at their next
session "a plan for the application of such
means as were within the power of Congress
to the purposes of opening roads and making
canals which, as objects of public improve-
ment, may require and deserve the aid of Gov-
ernment," &c. Among those who voted for
this resolution were Clay, Adams, and Giles.
In April, 1808, Mr. Albert Gallatin, then Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in his report in answer
to this resolution said:
" Good roads and canals will shorten distances,
facilitate commercial and personal intercourse, and
unite by a still more intimate community of inter-
est, the most remote quarters of the United Statos."
Among the various improvements suggested
in his report, he recommended canals opening
an inland navigation for sea vessels from Mas-
sachusetts to North Carolina; the improvement
of four great Atlantic rivers, including canals
parallel to them ; four turnpike roads from
these rivers across the mountains to the four
corresponding western rivers. In this report
he made many other suggestions as to works
of internal improvements of great national
importance, and which were designed to facili-
tate commerce between the States, and to
afford the cheapest transportation for the pro-
ductions of the country to the best markets.
Again, sir, on the 13th of March, 1818,
Mr. Tacker offered resolutions similar to Mr.
Worthington's, in which the Secretary of War
was instructed to report to the House—
" A plan for making appropriations to aid in the
construction of roads and canals, with a view to
military operations in time of war, tho transporta-
tion of munitions of war, and the more complete
defense of the United States; also for opening and
improving roads and making canals, together with
a statement of the undertakings of that nature, as
objects of public improvement may require and
deserve the aid of Government." * * *
"Also the public improvements carried on by States,
or companies, or corporations which have been
associated for such purposes, to which it may be
deemed expedient to subscribe or afford assistance.
This resolution passed by a vote of 70 yeas
to 57 nays; the names of Abbott, Cobb, Craw-
ford, Forsyth, and Terrell, of Georgia, being
recorded in the affirmative. Mr. Calhoun, at
that time Secretary of War, replied to this
resolution by a report on the 7th of January,
1819. In speaking of a judicious system of
roads and canals, he says;
"Such a system, constructed for the convenience
of commerce and tho transportation of the mails
only, without any reference to military operations, is
itself among the most efficient means for the more
complete defense of the United States. It is in a
state of war, when a na tion is compelled to put all its
resources in men and money, skill, and devotion to
country into requisition, that its government real-
izes in its security the beneficial effects from a people
made prosperous and happy by a wise direction of
its resources in peace."
And in the same report he uses this language:
" Many of the roads and canals which have been
suggested are no doubt of the first importance to
the commerce, the manufactures, the agricultural
and political prosperity of the country, but are not,
for that reason, less useful or necessary for mili-
tary purposes; it is, jn fact, one of the great advan-
tages of our country, enjoying so many others, that
whether we regard its internal improvements m
relation to military, civil, or political purposes, very
near the same system in all its parts isrequired.
A country so vast in its means a,nd abounding m its
various latitudes with almost all of the products ot
the globe, is a world of itself; and with that facility
of intercourse to perfect which the disposable means
of the country is adequate, would flourish and pros-
per under the pressure of a war with any Power.
Mr. Speaker, I do not deem it necessary at
this time to say more upon this branch of the
subject, but will refer to some of the prece-
dents where the aid of the Government has
been granted to similar works. From 1850
to June 30, 1871, Congress has given to the
States of Illinois, Mississippi, Alabama, Flor-
ida, Louisiana, Arkansas, Missouri, Iowa,
Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Kansas,-
California, and Oregon, 57,066,241 acres of
land for their public works. In addition to
this, she has given to railroads and other cor-
porations 140,645,166 acres; for wagon-roads
3,910,144 acres, making a total of 201,621,551
acres. From 1827 to June 30,1871, she has
donated to canals 4,405,986 acres, as follows:
1827 to 1845, Wabash and Brie canal, 1,705,814
acres; 1828, Miami and Dayton canal, 333,826
acres; to State of Ohio, for general canal pur-
poses, 500,000 acres; 1827, to canal to con-
nect the waters of the Illinois river with those
of Lake Michigan, 290,916 acres; 1838, to Mil-
waukee and Rock River canal, 125,431 acres ;
1866, to Wisconsin, for breakwater and harbor
and ship-canal, 200,000 acres; 1852, to St.
Mary's ship-canal, 750,000 acres; 1865, to
Portage Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal,
200,000 acres; 1866, toPortageLake and Lake
Superior ship-eanal, 200,000 acres; 1866, to
ship-canal to connect the waters of Lake Supe-
rior to lake known as Lac La Belle, 100,000
acres. Not one acre has been given to the
State of Georgia or any corporation within
her limits. To form a just conception of the
extent of these donations, I will state that
they cover an area greater than the Whole of
the thirteen original States.
Mr. Speaker, the route for which we are now
asking the assistance of the General Govern-
ment, opening a direct and unobstructed^ water
communication between the Mississippi river
and the Atlantic ocean, begins at the mouth of
the Ohio river, following the Ohio to the Ten-
nessee; up the Tennessee, passing Muscle
shoals, to the mouth of Short creek, two miles
and a half below Guntersville, Alabama; from
the mouth of Short creek, by canal and_ slack-
water navigation, across Sand mountain and
down the valley of Wells's creek to its junction
with the Coosa, two miles and a half below
Gadsden; np the Coosa to Rome, Georgia;
from Rome, by canal and slackwater naviga-
tion, up the valley of the Etowah and Little
rivers, across the Chattahoochee plateau; down
the Yellow and Ocmulgee rivers to Macon;
thence, continuing down the Ocmulgee to the
Altamaha, and down the Altamaha to the sea,
a total distance of thirteen hundred and thirty-
three miles, ten hundred and thirty-three of
which is by river, and the remaining three
hundred by canal and slackwater navigation.
Nature has already, by magnificent rivers,
opened nearly twelve hundred miles of free
and uninterrupted navigation between the city
of St. Louis and the Atlantic ocean along this
line, and all that is now necessary to complete
this entire line is to connect the Tennessee and
Coosa, and the Coosa and Ocmulgee rivers by
canals. We are told in the report of the chief
engineer that the former of .these connections
involves the cutting of a canal thirty miles in
length, and the latter a eanal of one hundred
and fifty-eight miles. We thus find that the
cutting of one hundred and eighty-eight miles
of canal will at once open a line of navigation
between the city of St. Louis, one of the great
centers of the trade of the West, a distance of
fifteen hundred miles to the sea. The West
now possesses about thirty-five thousand miles
of inland transportation; more than half of
this is water, and ail will be brought into di-
rect connection with the Atlantic ocean by
this great work. The area of country era-
