APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 11,
Ho. of Beps.
Steamboat Canal—Mr. DuJBose.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
bracing this vast system of railways and'of
navigation is nearly two millions square miles,
and when the population of this extensive
country reaches an average of fifty persons
to the square mile, it will contain one hundred
million people, whose leading industry will be
agriculture.
Mr. Speaker, while it doubtless will be ad-
mitted by nearly every one that this proposed
route, if opened, would be of great importance
to the country, yet they would very naturally
ask, can the waters of the Mississippi river
and the Atlantic ocean be connected in the
manner proposed? Sir, for the information
of the House, I refer to the report of the
engineer appointed by the United States Gov-
ernment to survey it and to report upon th'e
feasibility of the same. The report of so distin-
guished an officer as Major Walter McFariand,
of the engineer corps, who surveyed this route,
is one that should be entitled to the greatest
confidence and is the highest authority; it
speaks for itself, and shows that the building
of this great work is not only 'practicable, but
entirely feasible, will have an abundant supply
of water at all seasons, and can be built at a
small cost in comparison to the benefits to be
derived from it. Major McFariand estimates
the entire cost of this work, including the
improvements of the rivers, which make up
a large portion of the line, at a sum not ex-
ceeding $39,902,291. This estimate is based
upon the idea that the improvements in the
Ohio and Tennessee rivers, should be of such
a nature as to allow the passage of the largest
steamers likely to be employed in the trade,
of those rivers, and not with any special ref-
erence to the class of boats designed to pass
over the canal portion of the route. This
plan of improvements in the Tennessee would
open that river and its tributaries, and add
at least thirteen hundred miles of navigable
waters above the Muscle shoals, thereby fur-
nishing to that portion of the State of Ten-
nessee, a part of North Carolina, West Virginia,
and South Carolina facilities for transporting
their produce to market cheaper and better
than in any other manner that can be devised.
In addition to furnishing cheap transport-
ation to that section of country for its pro-
duce and placing it in commercial connection
with the great markets of the world, from
which it has heretofore been virtually ex-
cluded, the improvement of the Tennessee
will open to trade the coal of that region,
large deposits of which are to be found in the
counties of Hamilton and Roane, and will
stimulate the manufacture and exportation
of iron, zinc, and copper. All of these metals
abound in great abundance upon the tribu-
taries of the Tennessee, and are equal in
wealth to the agricultural resources of its val-
leys. The actual cost of that portion of this
line from the mouth of Short creek to the
Atlantic ocean, and which is known as the
canal portion, will not exceed the sum of
$20,000,000; the engineer's estimate is less
than that sum. After recapitulating the cost
of this line by sections, which foots up a total
of $16,703,184, the engineer, in his report to
the Secretary of War in 1872, page 531, says :
"This estimate is based upon a scale of liberal
prices, and the quantities and classification of ma-
terial from estimates in detail of full averuge por-
tions of different sections. It is sustained from
close observation of the general character ot the
country as the survey progressed, and I feel sure in
presenting it that you have been furnished with a
sum rather in excess than under the actual cost. It
must be apparent to every one at all familiar with
huch subjects that these preliminary examinations
cannot be regarded as even approximating a definite
location. On the contrary, the sum set apart to this
work, and the time given in which to perform it,
admitted of the tracing of one continuous line only.
It has established in my mind one indelible fact,,
however, that the Georgia canal project is feasible,
and that on the line as developed it can be substan-
tially constructed for the above amount, or say, in
round numbers, $17,000,000."
I have briefly called attention, Mr. Speaker,
to the great extent of water transportation in
the West which the opening of this canal
would at once bring into contact with the great
moving commercial world. But this is not
all. There are innumerable rivers and streams
in our own section, navigable or partially
navigable, which the opening of this grand
highway of trade would at once bring into
active use. Those streams intersect every
portion of our country and can be made the
means of distributing and collecting the trade
for this main artery which would pass from
northwest to southeast diagonally across our
State. Connect the Tennessee and Coosa, and
at once open to navigation every river in
the State of Alabama; down the Coosa and
Alabama to Montgomery and Mobile through
the very heart of the cotton belt; up the Tal-
lapoosa to the factories at Tallahassee, and
thence to the boundary line of Georgia; along
the Warrior to the coal beds of northern Ala-
bama, and through the rich valleys of the Tom-
bigbee and its tributaries, and into almost
every portion of the State.
The same is true of Georgia. Passing up
the Coosa, at Rome, this line meets the Ous-
tanala, which is already navigable for a long
distance, and can with a small amount of
labor and expense be made navigable into the
mountains of northern Georgia. The Etowah
also can be made navigable for many miles
above the point where the canal leaves it,
penetrating one of the most productive sec-
tions of the State, which now, for want of
transportation, is almost shut out from the
world. Leaving the Etowah the canal crosses
the Chattahoochee, large and magnifieient
stream flowing down from the Blue Ridge
mountains to the Gulf of Mexico. From the
point of crossing to Columbus this stream can
be easily made available by slackwater navi-
gation. From Columbus to the sea, steam
navigation is now used. This would open
many hundred miles of rich cotton lands, large
areas of which are uncultivated or planted in
corn.
The upper Chattahoochee might also be
utilized by extending the canal or resorting
to slackwater up that stream and the Chester-
tee into northeast Georgia. And in this con-
nection I state that from the best engineering
authority a canal may be without difficulty
constructed from the Chattahoochee to the
headwaters of the Oconee, and thence to the
headwaters of Broad river, and down that
stream to the Savannah river to Augusta and
the city of Savannah. This would supply
cheap food to the factories which are now justly
the pride and boast of Augusta, and will make
that place the great distributing center for a
very large portion of Georgia and South Caro-
lina.
This canal would also open up the Oconee
river, which flows past Athens, Madison, and
Milledgeville, and through one of the best pro-
ducing sections of the State. Following the
main line of the canal we find it descending
along the valley of the Ocmulgee to Macon,
the center of the great cotton region, and
thence down the Ocmulgee to the sea, and
thence along the inland navigation which our
seacoast affords into every river, stream, and
estuary, not only in our own State but in those
of South Carolina and Florida. Ascending
the Ashley, the Cooper, the Edisto, the Broad,
and other streams in South Carolina, which
are or can be made navigable, there would be
little difficulty in connecting the Ocmulgee
and Ochlochuee rivers. This would at once
open water communication between St. Louis
and West Florida. Along the eastern coast
from Brunswick boats could enter the St.
Mary's river and navigate it into northern
Florida. From this river it would not be diffi
cult to open a communication with the St.
Johns, and this river audits tributaries would
open up the whole Florida peninsula down to
th e very keys along its southern extremity.
Thus you see, Mr. Speaker, that the euttiug
of this canal will not only open to the Atlantic
what Mr. Calhoun aptly terms the great in-
land sea of that region, but in doing so will
open it through what we may term the great
inland sea of the South, with five thousand
miles of safe navigation, penetrating into every
nook and corner of the four great cotton-
growing States of this Union, and opening a
route by which the West may reach by inland
navigation within some sixty or one hundred
miles of the island of Cuba.
The innumerable vessels of light draft which
will be built to navigate tho canal will be able
to find easy access into the streams and estu-
aries, where vessels built for a different kind
of navigation have not previously been able
to penetrate. These boats will bring to the cot-
tou planters the grain and provisions of the
West, and will return laden with the products
of our section, which are daily becoming more
necessary to the wants of mankind.
By an examination of the ceftsus report of
1870, it will be seen that Georgia, Alabama,
South Carolina, and Florida, the four cotton
States that will be most directly affected by the
construction of this canal, have an aggregate
population of 3,074,455 ; the same report
shows that these four States produce of—
Bushels.
Wheat  3,136,000
Corn .51,092,000
Oats 2,837,000
Kye  150,000
Total   ; 57,215,000
making a little more than eighteen bushels
per capita. From the tables furnished me by
the Bureau of Statistics I find that the aver-
age consumption of grain in the United States
for the past twenty-two years has been thirty-
lour bushels per capita. This, in the four
States mentioned,wouldamountto 104,521,470
bushels, and would leave a;d.eficitof 47.305,870
bushels to be supplied by other States in order
to give them the average amount used.
Now, Mr. Speaker, assuming that the dis-
tance from St. Louis to Savannah (nine hun-
dred and sixty miles) is the average distance
that this grain must be transported in order to
reach the consumer, the cost of transportation
would be $14 40 per ton. Major McFarland's
report gives the cost by the proposed canal
route $4 88 per ton for the same distance from
the same point. Thus it will be seen that a
saving of $9 52 will be effected upon each ton,
and an aggregate of $13,647,024 72 to be
divided between the producer and the con-
sumer, provided the average number of bush-
els per capita be thirty-four. This immense
saving would be upon the single article of
gram alone. These States produce, also, of
sugar, 2,682 hogsheads; rice, 172,232,812
pounds ; and of cotton, 1,167,705 bales—an
amount nearly equal to one half the entire
cotton crop of the United States, and more
valuable than the same number of bales of
ordinary cotton, for the reason that the sea-
island cotton is included in this estimate.
1 he average price of corn as given by the
census report is ninety-seven cents, and of
wheat one dollar and ninety one cents per
bushel; but, sir, it is well known to the people
of those States that, in many portions, corn
very olten costs the consumer from one dollar
*"[' fifty cents to two dollars per bushel.
What I he people of those States need is cheap
food; and in order to have cheap food they
must have cheap transportation. In my judg-
ment the building of this canal will furnish
them this kind of transportation, and will re-
duce the cost of food at least fifty per cent.
The reduction of the cost of food will be fol-
lowed by the concentration of all the capital
