1304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Mr. FARNS WORTH demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. FAliNSWOKTH demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 26, not voting
111; as follows;
YEAS-—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, AverilL Banks,
Barber, Barry, Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair, Brax-
ton, Buckley, Buffinton, Bunnell, Burchard, Bur-
detfc, Roderick R. Butler, Coburn, Cogblan, Conger,
Cotton, D&rrall, Dawes, Dodds,Donnan, Duke, Dun-
nell, Barnes, Elliott, Esty, Farwell, Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Wilder B. Foster, JFrye, Garfield,
Goliaday, Hale, Halsey, Harmer, Harper, George E.
Harris, John B. Hawley, Joseph 31. Kawiey/Hay,
Hays, John W. Hazelton, Hibbard, Hill, Houghton,
Kellogg, Kerr, Lamport, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard,
McJunkin, McKee, Merriam, Leonard Myers, Neg-
iey, Orr. Packard, PaJmer, Isaac 0. Parker, Peck?
Pendleton. Perry, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Porter,
Ramey, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer,
Scofieid, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shoemaker, H.
Boarduaan Smith, Snyder, Sprague, Starkweather,
Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, Sypher,
Washington Townsend, Turner. Twichell. Tyner,
Upson, voorhees. Waddell, Wakeman, Waldron,
Wallace, Warren, Willard, and Williams of Indi-
ana—103.
^ NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Bell, Biggs,
Boles, X)uBose,iarnsworth, Giddings.llorndon, llol-
man.MacIntyre, McClelland, Merrick,Moore, Mor-
phis, Potter, Price, Read, Shober, Storm, Sutherland,
Winchester, and Wood-26.
IsOX VOJpiNG—Messrs, Adams, Barnum, Beatty,
Erasmus W.Beck, Jacnes B. Beck, Bird, James G.
Blair Boarman, Bright. Brooks, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Cobb,
Comingo, Conner, Cox. Crebs, Creeiy, Critcher,
Crocker, Crossland, Davis, Dickey, Box, DuelL Eld-
redge, Ely, Forker, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Gotz,
Goodrich, Griffith, Haldeman, flambieton, Han-
cock, Handley, Hanks, John X. Harris, Havens,
Gerry W, Hazelton, Hereford. Hoar. Hooper, Kel-
ley, Kendall, Ketcham, Killinger, King, Kmsella,
Lamiion. Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Manson, Marshall,
McCrary, McGrew, McHenry, MeKiu-
ney, McNeely, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Mon-
roe. Morey, Morgan. Silas L. Niblack, William E.
giblack, Packer, Hosea W. Parker. Perce, Prindle,
Randall, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie
William It. Roberts, Robinson, John Rogers, Sion
H. Rogers, Roosevelt, Seeley, Shellabarger, Sher-
wood, SUter, Siocurn, Sloss, John A. Smith, Worth-
m? Smith, Snapp, Speer, Stevens, Swann,
iaffe, Ihomjts, Dwight Tovvnsend, Tuthill. Tan
Trump, Vaughan.Walden, Wheeler, \Vbiteley, Whit-
r Wijhatns ot New York, Jeremiah M.Wilson,
John T. Wilson, and Young—111.
So the resolution as amended by Mr. Kel-
Logg's substitute was adopted.
Mr SNYDER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ACKER. If I have the floor, I move
that the House take a recess until ten o'clock
to-morrow morning.
Mr. GARtlELD, of Ohio. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
&«*<>bed, Thatin thejudgraentofthis House none
of the returns reported by the tellers as the electoral
vote of the State ot Louisiana should be counted.
Mr. SPEER. 1 offer the following as a
substitute:
ttesolvcdy That the vote of Louisiana for B. Gratz
Missouri for Vice President, should, in
thejudgment of this House, bo counted,
Mr. GARMELD, of Ohio. I must demand
the previous question.
* * m°dify my substitute so as
to add but no vote for President should be
counted."
Mr. STEVENSON. I move the following
as a substitute:
V0H°Ithe Stateof Louisiana
nLr th Jl oause 11 does not sufficiently ap-
pear that any electors wore Chosen according to law.
Mr. SHELDON. I offer the following pre-
amble ana resolution;
„„lV„heTeais that the choosing M. F. Bon-
zano, Jules Lanabere, Charles ]?. Haistead L O
Roudanez, A. K. Johnson, Milton Morris Wnh
faylor, and John Ray, as electors of the State of
Louisiana for President and Vioe President is dnlv
certified to by the actual secretary of State of th«
State of Louisiana, and by the returning board
decided to bo the legal one by the supreme cou?t of
said State, and following the precedent established
President and Vice President, as cast by M. F. Bon-
zano, Jules Lanabere, Charles F. Haistead, L. C.
Rondanez, A.K. Johnson, E. R. Durand, Joseph B.
Lott. and John Ray.
The SPEAKER. More resolutions have
been offered than can be entertained under the
rule.
Mr. POTTER. I rise to aquestion of order.
I ask whether the proper course is not that the
objections taken in joint convention should be
reported separately to the House, and resolu-
tions submitted in reference to them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
would be the correct course. At the same
time, such a resolution as that of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] having been
put in first, necessarily removed any action
upon the separate objections. If desired by
the gentleman from New Yorls, [Mr. Potter,]
the objections will be read.
Mr. SPEER. 1 desire to modify my amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
several objections which come to the House
from the joint convention.
Mr. POTTER. I do not demand the read-
ing of them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will now cause
to be read the various propositions which have
been submitted to the House, and will then
call the attention of the House to the parlia-
mentary position of the question. The gen-
tleman from Ohio, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, [Mr. Garfield,]
offers the resolution which will now be read
by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That in the judgment of this Houso
none of the returns reported by the tellers as elect-
oral votes of the State of Louisiana should be
counted.
ihe SPEAKER, The gentleman from
Pennsylvauia [Mr. Speer] moves a substitute,
which the Clerk wiil read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the vote of the electors of the
State ot Louisiana, certified to by II. O.Warmoth,
Governor, should be, in thejudgment of this House,
counted.
Ihe SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio in front, of the Chair [Mr. Stevekson]
| has offered the following amendment :
Resolved, That the vote of the State of Louisiana,
| be not counted, because it does not sufficiently
appear that any electors were chosen according to
The SPEAKER. That is in effect the same
as the first resolution. The Clerk will read
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Louisiana.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas it appears that the choosing of M. F.
Bonzano, Jules Lanabere. Charles E. Haistead, L.
bJr1 , ez' A- TKL Johnson, Milton Morris, Jo-
sep'h lay Lor, and John Ray, as electors of the State
of Louisiana for President and Vice President is
thi  e r 0 the aot?al secretary of State of
the state of Louisiana, and by the returning board
decided to be the legal one by the supreme court of
saw State, and following the precedent established
3 !?an F th,eJotes cast by the electoral college
oi the btale of Texas:
Be it resolved That the votes of the electoral col-
lege oi the state of Louisiana be counted for Presi-
dent and Vice President as cast by M. F. Bonzano,
Wules Lanabere, Charles F. ilalstead, L. C. Rouda-
j Johnson, k. R. Durand, Joseph B. Lott,
and John Itay.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to offer a substi-
tute.
i'he SPEAKER. That cannot be done un-
less by unanimous consent. Only three reso-
lutions can be entertained: the original resolu-
tion, an amendment, and an amendment to the
amendment. The gentleman from Ohio, the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
[Mr. Garfield,] offered the original resolu-
tion. The gentleman from Pennsylvania moves
an amendment to that. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] moves one which is in
effect the same as the original resolution. The
Chair, therefore, recognizes the amendment
or the gentleman from Louisiana as presenting
another phase of the question. The original
resolution is to the effect that there is no re-
turn ; the resolution of the geiitlemau from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Speer] is that that of Gov-
ernor Warmoth is the true one ; that of the
gentleman from Louisiana is that the return
signed by the secretary of State is the true one.
Three distinct phases of the question are thus
presented.
Mr. POTTER. Before the vote is taken, I
desire to have read the objection which was
made in joint convention by Senator Trumbdll.
The Clerk read as follows:
Mr. Tbumbull objects to counting the votes cast
by the persons in the first certificate read, for the
reason that their election is not certified to by the
proper officer; that Bovee, who signed the certificate
of their election, was not the secretary of State at
the time of making the said certificate, nor in pos-
session of _ the office of secretary of State, nor of the
seal ot said State ; and for the farther reason that
the certificate of the said Bovee is untrue in fact as
appears by the admission of said Bovee before the
committee of the Senate.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Speaker, I wish the
tellers to report to the House whether the
great seal of the State purports to be on the
certificate signed by Mr. Bovee as secretary of
State.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows nothing
about the work of the tellers. But the gentle-
man has the right to have the document read.
The Clerk will again report the certificate
signed by Mr. Bovee.
The certificate was again read.
Mr. POTTER. Is there a seal attached to
the document?
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to all this.
Mr. POTTER. I call attention to the fact
that the thing attached 
The SPEAKER. That is in the nature of
argument, which the Chair will not permit.
The gentleman had a right to call for the read-
ing of the paper, and it has been read.
Mr. POJTER. I demand of the Speaker
whether the seal of the State of .Louisiana is
attached to that certificate ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is certified that it is on
it, and that is enough.
Mr. AMBLER. I desire to ask a parlia-
mentary question.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. A.MBLER. Is it not the right of the
House, m passing upon the question now pre-
sented to it, as to which, if either, of these
certificates of the electoral votes of Louisiana
shall be received, to know whether in point
of fact the seal of the State of Louisiana is
attached to one or both of those certificates?
The SPEAKER. As a matter of fact the
Chair never in his life saw the seal of the State
of Louisiana and would not know it if he were
to see it now.
Mr. AMBLER. Would it not a least be
P'^,Per that the House should be advised
whether the seals attached to the two papers
are the same ?
^ The SPEA.KER. If the gentleman desires
it, the Chair will direct the reading of any
other matter that relates to the certificates of
u6 ^ect,ors State of Louisiana. But
the Chair cannot indulge and will not permit
any debate as to what is the true seal of the
State of Louisiana.
Mr. AMBLER. Under the statement of
the Speaker, T will ask that the statement of
j before the Committee on Privileges
and Elections of the Senate be read.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to that.
J he SPEAKER. That would be in the
nature ot debate, and is not in order.
Mr. SIORM. I ask that the inscription on
the seal be read. ■
done6 That is proper to be
((J-h? Clerk read the inscription, which was
Union, justice, and confidence; State of
Louisiana."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is there not another
paper somewhere, signed by Bovee, in which
he states that he did not put the seal of the
btate to that certificate? And if so, is it not
in order to have it read?
ihe SPEAKER. It is not.
