1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Steamboat Canal—Mr. DuBose.
Ho. of Reps.
and energies upon the culture of the crops
congenial to the country—cotton, rice, and
sugar ; the lands, from their greater fruitful-
ness in the elements of prosperity, will largely
enhance in value; new life will be infused
into our people ; thousands of acres now lyitlg
waste will be brought into cultivation and
made to yield abundantly of cotton, to meet the
continually increasing demand for that greatest
export article of the country, and at the same
time open up a market for the productions of
the West of not less than 104,000,000 bushels
of grain annually, an amount greater than our
whole foreign exports.
Mr. Speaker, I find that the reports show
that the States of Tennessee, Kentucky, Mis-
souri, Illinois, Nebraska, Kansas, and Iowa
produced 49,710,129 bushels of wheat and
354,243,986 bushels of corn, besides other
grain, such-as oats, barley, &eM which they
produce in great abundance. Now, sir, from
the amount which they might reasonably
spare for exportation, there is but little doubt
that an amount could be saved in transporta-
tion of not less than $41,000,000 annually, to
be divided between the producer and con-
sumer ; adding this to the saving upon other
articles, such as bacon, salted meats, iron,
lumber, salt, lime, coal, &c., we might safely
.set down the sum at double the above amount.
This would make an annual aggregate saving
of about $82,000,000 on the transportation,
besides opening a great market not now en-
joyed by that section. In the memorial of the
Louisville and Cincinnati commercial conven-
tion to Congress, I find the following facts as
to the distance from St. Louis to New York
and Liverpool by the different routes:
" From St. Louis to Now York by way of the Illi-
nois and Michigan canal, 1,950 miles; from. New
York to Liverpool, 3,150 miles; total distance, 5,100
miles. From St. Louis to New Orleans, 1,270 miles;
from New Orleans to Liverpool, 4,756 miles; total
distance, 6,026 miles. From St. Louis by proaosed
canal to Savannah, 1,508 miles; from Savannah to
Liverpool, 3,390 miles, total distance, 4,898 miles."
This shows that the route by Savannah is 210
miles less than by way of New York, and 1,136
miles less than by way of New Orleans. The
same table shows that the cost of a ton of
freight from St. Louis by way of New York to
Liverpool is $11-77J; from St. Louis to Liver-
pool by way of New Orleans it- is $13 91.
McFarland's report shows it will cost by the
proposed canal to transport a ton of freight
from St. Louis to Savannah $4 88; from Savan-
nah to Liverpool, $4 23 ; total, $9 11
This would be $2 65 r|,y less than by way of
New York, and $4 79 less than by way of
New Orleans, or a saving of eight and a half
cents upon each bushel of grain over the
cheapest route now open. Major McFafland,
in his report to the Secretary of War, 1872,
page 518, shows the importance of this route.
He says:
"The arguments and reasons which may be ad-
vanced in favor of opening tbis route need scarcely
be more than alluded to here, for they have a com-
mon application to all the routes which have been
or can be suggested for connecting our great grain-
producing regions with our seaports, have formed a
certain and unfailing subject of discussion at all the
commercial conventions which have been held in
this country for years, and have attracted the atten-
tion of nearly every Board of Trade and Chamber
of Commerce of any consequence in the land. This
is quite sufficient to show that it is a real necessity
which underlies this movement; a necessity born of
the fact that the enormous increase of population m
the valleys of the Mississippi and its tributaries has
caused the production of grain to far outstrip the
means of its transport. The old routes by water and
rail are crowded to their fullest capacity, and either
new routes must be found or the results of the
farmer's labor must remain useless on his hands.
" Beyond certain distances the cost of transport-
ation to a market eats up the producers profits and
makes it useless for him to ship his crops. This oc-
curs much more quickly by rail than by water, the
cost of transportation by rail being from five to six
times as much as by river, and about three times as
much as by canal. Iu looking foi new outlets for
the grain crops, then, water routes are to be pre-
ferred. The only water outlets which the Missis-
sippi valley now has are the nver itself and tub
(Canals which oonnect it with the great lakes. Ane
geographical positions of the Ohio and Tennessee
rivers, in relation to the rivers which flow into the
Atlantic, will afford, however, at a comparatively
moderate expenditure, two other outlets more direct
than those by the Mississippi and the lakes, and
possessing other advantages not enjoyed by either
of these. It is with the latter only that this report
is concerned, and it may be said for it that while it
enjoys every advantage possessed by the others it is
superior to them all in this; that it will never be
obstructed by ice;, will never be rendered impassable
by drought; does not descend sufficiently low into
the heated region to have its cargoes injured by
heat or moisture; will require no rehandling of
cargo between the points of shipment and discharge,
and will cost but little more than the Erie canal
enlarged, while its capacity will be greater, and no
doubt it will, like the Erie canal, pay for original
outlay, interest, expenses of repair, and service,
with a large balance to its credit in the course of
thirty years."
Mr. Speaker, in addition to the advantages
in favor of the proposed canal route already
stated, over the route by way of New Orleans
and the Florida pass, and the one by way of
the Illinois and Michigan canal, the lakes, and
the Brie canal, by the New Orleans route a
vessel has to encounter the dangers of the
Florida pass, which are very great, and which
have been ably described by Commodore M.
F. Maury. He says there are what in navi-
gation are called hidden dangers. They
lurk there in the shape of insidious currents,
sunken rocks, reefs, and shoals. There is
nothing on the surface to mark their existence.
The water looks open and the way all clear,
but an error in the reckoning of a minute, or
even less, is often fatal to the ship and cargo,
if not to the crew. To sailing vessels the'
calms that prevail there at certain seasons
increase the danger, for in them vessels are
often silently swept by the currents and
stranded, with total loss. Added to these, are
the storms and hurricanes. They, alternating
with the most vexatious calms, rage from the
middle of July till the middle of March.
During these eight months the dangers in-
crease, and the rates of insurance go up, for
the dangers to a vessel are greatly aggravated
when she is overtaken by storms in this crooked
and narrow passage-way. Scenes the most
awfully grand and sublime that are known at-
sea sometimes take place in the hurricanes
and tornadoes that prevail here. In them the
waters are piled up ; the Gulf stream is turned
back, or forced over reefs into new channels
with a violence that no skill can countervail,
no ship withstand. Among the annals of that
navigation, nautical records tell of the Led-
.bury, an English vessel, which was caught
in one of these hurricanes. The waters of
the Gulf stream were backed up and piled
to enormous height. The scene of roaring
waves and furious currents beggard descrip-
tion. She let go her anchors, thinking she had
found smooth water and a place of safety,
but when the gale abated and the sea retired
she found herself high and dry, and her cables
and anchors entangled among the tree-tops on
Elliott's Keys.
By this it would seem that this route is sorely
beset by wind and weather at the .very time
of the year when the agriculturist most needs
it. And again, Mr. Speaker, it is a well-
known fact that almost every article of west-
ern produce is liable to undergo what is known
as a sweating, souring, and heating process,
from the warmth and humidity of the climate
of the Gulf. The loss occasioned by this pro-
cess has been variously estimated at from five to
twenty-five per cent, on the value of the pro-
duce, uuless the shipment is made during the
winter months, when, by reason of the dangers
of the passage around the Florida coast, freight
is greater, and the rate of insurance higher.
If we assume that the average deterioration
amounts only to five per cent, on a cargo of
bacon, lard, butter, and tobacco, and ten per
cent, on wheat and flour, we have an average
loss on the former class of articles of seven
dollars and fifty cents, and on the latter of
five dollars per ton; ft loss on each class of
articles greater than the entire cost of trans-
portation from St. Louis to Savannah, by the
proposed canal route through Alabama and
Georgia. No such lpss can occur on this route,
for the reason that it does not descend suf-
ficiently low into the heated region to have its
cargoes injured by hfeat or moisture. The
drawbacks to the lake and Erie canal route are
such as to greatly impair its efficiency. The
first of these is the closing up of this route by
ice five out of twelve months each year. This
takes place before the wheat and corn of the
interior country can be moved to market. The
entire amount of produce transported over this
route must be done in seven instead of twelve
months. This requires nearly double the ton-
nage, and near twice as many vessels and
crews for it, that it would require if the route
was open during the whole year. Anotheristhe
obstacles interposed by the weather. After
the middle of September and annually about
the time of the • equinoctial storms the navi-
gation of the lakes becomes boisterous and
dangerous. The report of the Board of Trade
shows that there is always a rise in freight
both by lake and rail from fifty to ninety per
cent, upon all grain and provisions seeking a
market at that season of the year.
It must appear, Mr. Speaker, clear to the
mind of every one that both the route by the
lakes and the route by the Gulf are impracti-
cable in war. In case this Government were
engaged in a war in which Canada should
become the seat, the lakes would be impassable
to vessels of commerce. General Wilson, in
his report of the survey of the Illinois river
with the view to its improvement and the
deepening of the Illinois and Michigan canal,
recommends these works upon the grounds of
necessity for the national defense and to make
sufficient provision for the immense internal
commerce of the country. He also says:
" The English are already able, by means of a
system of internal canals, to pass gunboats of nine
feet draught into Lakes Brie and Ontario, and are
contemplating a new canal which will enable tbem
-to reach Huron without coming in reach of Ameri-
can territory at any point. The canals already
finished were constructed avowedly for military as
well as commercial purposes, and in case of war will
enable the English to drive our commerce from the
lakes and destroy or lay under contribution nearly
every important city on our northern frontier. But,
in addition, they can inflict upon us a still more
vital injury, when they have gotten possession of
the lakes, by severing the main line of our com-
munication with the East for heavy products."
The Gulf route is so apparently unsafe
in time of war that it is useless to point
out the dangers to the commerce of the Mis-
sissippi valley in reaching the' Atlantic ocean.
Sir, there is but one way to give security to
these two routes in time of war, and that is to '
acquire Canada, Cuba, and the island of St.
Thomas.
Taking into consideration the extent of our
country, its large and continually increasing
population, the rapid development of its agri-
cultural and mineral resources and manufac-
tures, the constant daily increasing demand
for additional and cheap transportation to
facilitate and carry on what has already grown
to be an immense internal commerce between
States, is it not all important that the General
Government should aid great national works
like this one, which when completed will prove
a blessing to so many of the people of the
States and invaluable to the Government in
time of war? Canals, next to rivers, afford
the cheapest transportation, and will ever be
used so long as civilization and commerce
flourish.
With many persons there is an idea that
the railway has superseded the canal, and that
the former now performs the chief part of the
traffic of the country, while the latter has
become or is fast becoming obsolete. This
may be true in regard to interior short lines of
trade, but is a serious error in reference to the
gretrt lines of transportation.
