342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
as some other gentlemen in Georgia who are
thought to be looking to the same place. Ru-
mor has it that the ex-vice president of the
confederate States may become a prominent
candidate for the senatorship. I know nothing
as to his wishes. I do not think that a man who,
having been a member of the other House of
Congress, and having withdrawn from that
body and subsequently taken part in the rev-
olution, is a worse man politically, by any
means, than the head of the revolution, or than
the second person in the government of the
confederate States. My proposition is to put
them all on a footing, let whoever may con-
test with those that aspire to the seat. I
think it will be extremely illiberal for us to
say while it is true of Mr. Stephens—and
I say it by way of argument and illustration,
and in no invidious spirit toward hira—that he
is eligible to a seat in this body, that Lucius
J. Gartrell, John W. H. Underwood, and
Thomas Hardiman, who were comparatively
young politicians, being members of the other
House, shall not be eligible because they
withdrew from that body of which Mr. Ste-
phens was not at that time a member, and
afterward took part in the rebellion.
As I said at the time of the passage of the
last general bill for the removal of political dis-
abilities, but for the accidental circumstance
that Jefferson Davis himself had been a mem-
ber of this body at the time of the secession
of Mississippi, he would be eligible to a seat
in it now. Will any Senator insist that a
young member of the other House of Con-
gress, who in 1861 withdrew from his seat
and subsequently took part in the rebellion, is
a more unfit subject for our leniency than Mr.
Davis would be had he not been a Senator ?
I want fair play in this thing. I am an-
imadverting on no one at this time for the
part he may have acted in that deplorable
transaction, but I cannot see the superior
guilt of members of the Thirty-Sixth Congress
for their withdrawal over the older politicians
who organized a government in opposition to
this. I have always failed to see it, and
expressed my astonishment on a former occa-
sion that the two Houses of Congress seemed
indifferent to the subject. I hope the bill will
be considered.
Mr. WINDOM. I made the motion to
postpone in order that the Senator from Geor-
gia might have an opportunity to express his
sentiments; and now, in order to bring the
question to a direct vote and proceed with
business either upon the one or the other of
thesd questions, I withdraw the motion to post-
pone and move to lay the regular order on the
table in order to continue the consideration of
the appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The disability
t)ill_ being before the Senate as the unfinished
business, the Senator from Minnesota moves
that it be laid upon the table for the purpose
of continuing the consideration afterward of
the Indian appropriation bill.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 21, noes 17.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I beg to state
to the Senate 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
must ask unanimous consent, because the mo-
tion is not debatable.
Mr. HILL. I ask then for the yeas and
nays.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
undebatable unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. HILL. Before the yeas and nays are
taken I wish to state to the Senate that I think
this is the last time I shall annoy it with any
reference to this subject. I had hoped when
we left here before the holidays that the kind
spirit which was manifested in the body to
take up the bill and make some disposition of
it—and it was purely accidental I think that
it was not disposed of on the last day before
the recess—would secure its early passage.
But I will not "vex the ear" of the Senate
with disabilities any longer, but the bill may
go to the foot of the Calendar, and it may sleep
there for the remainder of all time so far as I
am concerned, if this is to be the disposiiion
of it.
Of course this is said in no threatening
spirit. I can appreciate the anxiety of Sena-
tors to facilitate more important public busi-
ness ; but I think a bill that might be disposed
of within so short a time as this might meet
with some such favor from the Senate as it did
meet with when it was taken from its place
and made the order of the day. Already I
think there has been more time consumed, by
myself chiefly, in adverting to the state of the
bill than would have been sufficient to have
disposed of it, either to have rejected it or
no Qgon 1 fr
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator from Nevada also that
this is an undebatable motion. The Chair,
however, will not asrest debate unless some
Senator makes the point. This is a motion
to lay on the table, and the yeas and nays are
demanded.
I Mr. STEWART. I wish to make a sug-
gestion, because I am placed in an awkward
position. I have been in favor of the removal
of disabilities all the time, as is well known,
but I have been in favor of doing it by general
law. Of course, when it is done by special
laws, it should be done with some reference
to the merits of the applicants. I have been
shown by the Senator from Vermont a letter
in regard to some one whose name I think is
in this bill. If that be the case, I fear that
the subject of this particular applicant has not
been carefully examined. The Senator from
Vermont showed me a letter this morning in
regard to a person in Georgia 
Mr. HILL. If the Senator will allow me, I
will state to him that I shall make no objection
to any exposure of any letter in regard to any
person.
Mr. STEWART. It was a letter in regard
to one person who I understand is in the bill.
I will simply say that when we pass on persons
individually, it is an evidence that Congress
picks those out rather than the whole lot;
consequently you must have some information
in regard to them.
Mr. HILL. It is quite likely there may be
some less entitled than others to this favor.
About that I do not know; but that can be
settled when the bill comes up.
Mr. STEWART. If there is not time to
have the matter explained and understood, I
shall vote to lay the bill on the table; but
I should like to hear proper explanations.
Mr. HILL. If they cannot be made in
regard to any person, let his name be stricken
out of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I do not
want to violate the rules; but, after what the
Senator from Georgia has said, I think I shall
be excused for saying just one word before this
vote is taken.
This bill as it now stands illustrates the in-
security of doing business when there is no
quorum present and when the Senate is in con-
fusion just after an executive session. How
this bill got up, although I confess I thought I
was attending to business pretty carefully, I
was not quite able to know; but it was up
when we adjourned without a quorum on the
day before the recess. Now, on looking at
the bill, I find it to be a House bill of three
or four or five names, with every name that
came here in the House bill since stricken
out, with one exception, and that appears to
have been once stricken out and then put in
again, and other names in the State of Geor-
gia inserted. That is not the way to pass a
House disability bill; and no reason is given
for striking out the names the House has sent
over to us and putting in different ones.
Now, I wish to add simply that as to one
of the names that have been inserted, and that
we are asked to carry for the sake of Georgia,
I have received a letter which I gave to the
honorable chairman, and which if the bill
were properly under debate he would read, no
doubt, from a person whose honor is as un-
questioned, so far as I know, as that of the
Senator from Georgia, stating that one of
those persons is well known to have been the
chief instigator and author of the Macon mas-
sacre that occurred in October, 1870, I think,
at the election, where seven unarmed and
inoffensive citizens were slain and thirty more
were wounded ; and this is one of the people
whom it is proposed that the State of Georgia
shall be authorized to put into power to gov-
ern the races down there and here too. This
man may be entirely uninformed; but it adds
force to what the Senator from West Virginia
said, that we had better not pass any special
bills of this character until tbey have received
a careful investigation from the committee as
it is now organized.
Apologizing, Mr. President, for violating
the rules, I conclude.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
again state that this debate is subject to objec-
tion by any Senator, the motion being unde-
batable. The Chair has not not himself arrest-
ed it.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand this bill has
been examined and reported from the com-
mittee. Am I right in that ?
Mr. HILL. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chief Clerk
informs the Chair that it has been reported by
the committee.
Mr. DAVIS. That relieves it of one of the
objections urged.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. I suggest that the Senator from Geor-
gia have this bill referred to the committee as
these new names are in it, and let these letters
be examined, and then the committee can
bring back any meritorious cases, jind they will
go through easier.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported back on the 10th of June, by the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Robert-
son,] from the committee.
Mr. DAVIS. I yield to the Senator from
Georgia.
Mr. HILL. I would remark here that in
relation to the charge brought by somebody—
I know not whom—against one of the gentle-
men named in this bill, I know it will strike
the entire State of Georgia with great aston-
ishment, for if there is a man in Georgia who
as much as any other is noted for his good
nature and benevolence, it is the gentleman
referred to. I cannot gainsay the grave
charges as to what he may have done ; 1 only
know that they are at war with all his char-
i acteristics and antecedents. I understand the
j allusions are to Mr. Hardiman, once my col-
league in the other House, whom I regard as
; one of the most amiable and humane men in
my whole acquaintance. I cannot think there
is anything serious about this charge. I never
heard of a crime of any sort being imputed to
him in all the days of my life, and I have
' lived no great distance from him ever since he
j was a child. He is a younger man than I am.
| Some Senators here know him. The senior
j Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] is
i well acquainted with him and knows well his
standing in the city of Macon, where he resides.
It will be news in Georgia that he has been
privy to the slaughter of innocent men or to
any other unusual cruelty, I am sure; if the
charge is here, the open Senate is as good a
place as any other to meet it. It cannot be
better investigated anywhere, and if it be true
that he is unworthy of favor at the hands of
this body let him be rejected. But that forms
no reason why others against whom there is
no imputation should be rejected or delayed.
I would say a word to the Senator from
Vermont as to how this bill came to be in its
