1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Steamboat Ganal—Mr. Herndon.
Ho. of bbps.
enue to meet all necessary expenses in keeping said
canal m good repair and operating the same. No
toll, however, shall be levied or collected on any
vessel, tonnage, or freights that belong exclusively
to the United States or any State thereof; the same
shall pass through said canal free of charge perpet-
ually: Provided, That the Legislatures of the States
of Texas and Louisiana grant, or procuro and grant,
the perpetual right of way to the United States to
construct and operate said canal over the lands and
waters not navigable in each of said States, for
three hundred feet in width, with .the right and
privilege to use all materials necessary for the con-
struction and operating of said canal along the line
thereof, and that the said canal, or the revenues
thereof, shall never be subjected to taxation by said
States, or either of them: Provided further, That
any corporation or company along said contem-
plated line who hold a charter or charters from the
State of Texas or Louisiana for constructing and
operating a canal or canals that may or will conflict
with the building and operating of said canal will
transfer, free of cost, to the United States, the ex-
clusive right and privilege, forever, to construct and
operate the aforesaid canal along such line as may
be adopted by the United States, although the same
may be in conflict with or run along the same chan-
nel now owned by such corporation or company,
under any charter or charters granting exclusive
privileges and rights to them, or any of them, by
the said States of Texas and Louisiana.
Mr. Speaker, the object, scope, and magni-
tude of the enterprise at once appear by the
outlines of the bill, being no less than the
intercommunication by water navigation suf-
ficient for steam vessels between the Missis-
sippi river with its tributaries and southwest
Louisiana and Texas, embracing a territory
capable of sustaining thirty million people,
and to extend to the republic of Mexico,
giving her eight million people a highway
for trade with the United States. The Gulf
of Mexico is a great inland sea, and as such
offers as few obstacles to navigation as any
other such uody of water; but when' you
attempt to enter along the coast from the
mouth of the Mississippi" to Mexico it will be
found that with few exceptions the entire line
is a saud-bar, that all the outlets of the rivers
and bays are filled with shifting sand-bars
and offer a complete barrier to' all shipping
except very small vessels. To remove all
these obstacles to navigation so as to meet the
demands of commerce along this coast would
require very heavy expenditures, and these to
be repeated every few years. A few of the
best ports on this seaboard should be kept in
a condition to accommodate all outside ship-
ping ; but the steady increase of the Southwest
and the rapid growth of her trade call for a
more commodious transit for commerce be-
tween the States of the Union and the cheap-
ening of freights. The President in his late
message made some excellent suggestions to
Congress on this subject. Itisapublic recogni-
tion of a national necessity, and I hope tbey
will not be disregarded. The President in his
message said:
" The attention of Congress will be called daring
its present session to various enterprises for the
more certain and cheaper transportation of the con-
stantly increasing surplus of western and southern
products to the Atlantic seaboard. The subject is
one that will force itself upon the legislative branch
of the Government sooner or later, and X suggest,
therefore, that immediate steps be taken to gain all
available information to insure equable and just
legislation.
" One route to connect the Mississippi valley with
the Atlantic at Charleston, South Carolina, and
Savannah, Georgia, by water, by the way of the
Ohio and Tennessee rivers, and canals and slack-
water navigation to the Savannah and Ocmulgee
rivers, has been surveyed, and report made by an
accomplished engineer officer of the Army. Second
'and third new routes will be proposed for the con-
sideration of Congress, namely, by an extension of
the Kanawha and James river canal to the Ohio
and by extension of the Chesapeake and Ohio canal.
" I am not prepared to recommend Government
aid to these or other enterprises until it is clearly
shown that they are not only of national interest,
but that when completed they will be of a value
commensurate with their cost.
"That production increases more rapidly than the
means of transportation in our country, has been
demonstrated by past experience: that the unpre-
cedented growth in population and products of the
whole country Will require additional facilities, and
cheaper ones for the more bulky articles of com-
merce to reach tide-water and a market will be de-
manded in the near future, is equally demonstrable.
X would therefore suggest either a committee or a
commission to be authorized to consider this whole
question, and to report to Congress at some future
day for its better guidance in legislating on this
important subject.
The railroads of the country have been rapidly
extending during the last few years to meet the
growing demands of producers, and reflect much
credit upon the capitalists and managers engaged
in their construction.
" In addition to these, a project to facilitate com-
merce by the building of a ship-canal around Niag-
ara Falls on the United States side, which has been
agitated for many years, will, no doubt, be called
to(your attention at this session.
" Looking to the great future growth of our ooun-
try, and the increasing demands of commerce, it
might be well while on this subject not only to have
examined and reported upon the various practica-
ble routes for connecting the Mississippi with tide-
water on the Atlantic, but the feasibility of an
almost continuous land-locked navigation from
Maine to the Gulf of Mexico. Such a route along
our coast would be of great value at all times, ana
of inestimable value in case of a foreign war. Na-
ture has provided the greater part of tnis route, and
the obstacles to overcome are easily within the skill
of the engineer.
" I have not alluded to this subject with' the view
of haying any further expenditure of public money
at this time than may be necessary to prooure and
place all the necessary information before Congress
in an authentic form, to enable it hereafter, if
deemed practicable and worthy, to legislate on the
subject without delay."
The trade of the great States that lie on the
Mississippi river and its tributaries has but an
imperfect and circuitous communication with
the Southwest. Railroads are penetrating that
territory, mostly in the section that has no
navigable water, and are producing wonderful
results. ' But these roads are now, and must in
future prove still more inadequate in answering
the demands of the country. The cost of trans-
porting freights hundreds and even thousands
of miles over railways taxes the producer too
heavily. This mode answers" the wants of
travel ; light freights and express packages
requiring rapid transit, but the heavy mer:
chandise, such as machinery, farming imple-
ments, coal, iron, and western produce, must
find a cheaper line, otherwise this great mar-
ket will be virtually closed against them. That
mutual exchange so necessary to the growth
of States will not materially increase until a
change is wrought.
THE CUT-OFF THE UNITING IN A COMMON CHANNEL AND
UTILIZING ALL NAVIGABLE WATER ALONG THE LINE.
By looking at the map, beginning at Donald-
sonville on the Mississippi river, thence to the
mouth of that river and along the Gulf coast
to the mouth of the Atchafalaya bay, around
the peninsula formed by the Mississippi river
and the Gulf, you will see that freight for
the westward of that point must travel four
hundred and fifty miles over a perilous navi-
gation to actually get fifty miles toward its
destination. And the same perils of the
sea must be met all along the coast west-
ward. This route will save four hundred
miles and the time to run it, and avoid the
dangers of the outside navigation. But it will
do much more; it will unite into one common
channel all the navigable waters along the
margin of the Gulf, and open to commerce all
of those vast inland bodies of water which
have heretofore been effectually sealed. Glance
for a moment at the bodies of water and rivers
that will become a part of this great conduit.
It will unite in a long chain the Atchafalaya,
Teche, Vermillion bayou and bay, Mermen-
teau lake and river, Calcasieu river and lake,
in Louisiana; and Sabine river and lake, An-
gelina river, Neeches, Trinity, San Jacinto,
Buffalo bayou, Bast bay, West bay, Oyster
creek, Brazos river, San Bernard, Caney, Mat-
agorda bay, Colorado river, Navidad, Lavaca,
Gadualupe, San Antonio, Aransas, Nueces,
and the ilio Grande, in Texas. All of these
rivers are navigable for fifty to one hundred
and fifty miles into the interior during the
entire year, and much further during the win-'
ter and spring. And with a small expenditure
many of them can be made navigable hun-
dreds of miles into the heart of the country.
These streams water one of the richest and
most productive countries in the world, capa-
ble of the highest condition of culture and
of sustaining as dense a population, perhaps,
as any other part of this continent.
IS THE PROPOSED CANAL PRACTICABLE -?
That this canal can be constructed without
a very heavy expenditure will not be doubted
by those familiar with the country through
which it is proposed to be built. If the line
partially designated in the bill should be fol-
lowed, no serious obstacle will be encountered.
The country along the proposed line is even and
smooth—no bluffs, rocks, or rapid currents—
and is so near the Gulf that but few bridges
will be necessary across the streams. For
many hundreds of miles but little more will
have to be done than mark the line by buoys
and stakes. Nature has done the largest por-
tion of the work. Two short canals have
already been built in Texas, and another com-
menced along this line, and should these be
adopted .as a part of this long line much labor
and time would no doubt be saved. The cost
can only be approximated without a survey.
It is believed, however, that not more than one
to two hundred miles in over eight hundred
will have to be actually dug, so much of the
route is already navigable, and that the cost
may not exceed four millions and may be as
low as two millions. An expenditure of even
ten millions would be small when 'compared
to the vast benefits that must result from such
a great public work.
The following are a few considerations that
will induce the country to favor such an enter-
prise :
THE FORESTS OF THE SOUTHWEST.
In southwest Louisiana and southeast Texas
there is perhaps the largest and best forest
of timber on this continent. The chief tim-
ber is long-leaf pine and cypress; there are
also large quantities of live-oak, white-oak,
burr-oak, post-oak, beach, holly, sugar maple
cherry, walnut, and magnolia. This forest
contains about twenty million acres of land,
five million in Louisiana and about fifteen
million in Texas ; and it is finely watered by
several navigable rivers, bayous, and creeks,
by means of which nearly any part of this
great forest may be reached, and all of which
streams would empty into this canal.
To form some estimate of the value of this
forest and the amount of freights it would
furnish over the canal, consider the present
prices and demand for lumber in western
Texas. It is stated that there are $100 worth
of lumber per acre on these lands, and that it
is worth at the mills fifteen dollars per thou-
sand. But take one fourth of the estimate,
twenty-live dollars per acre for the timber,
using only cypress and pine, and for twenty
million acres it will amount to $500,000,000.
At the full estimate it would be worth $2,000,-
000,000. But this is upon the estimate of fif-
teen dollars per thousand feet. In western
Texas and eastern Mexico lumber is worth
from sixty to eighty dollars per thousand in
coin, and this canal would give it water transit
to those points. So that the value depends
very much upon the transportation. With
water transit the value of this forest is incal-
culable, not only to western Texas and east-
ern Mexico, where there is no timber, but to
the Government for ship-building and public
structures. It would furnish heavy freights
for many years, and benefit the whole country
by distributing lumber at a reduced price
through those sections that are now destitute.
But it is now locked up for want of transport-
ation to market.
SEA ISLAND OR LONG STAPLE COTTOH.
By examination it will be found that along
the contemplated line of this canal and contig-
