1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1807
the State of Iowa, as also the secretary' of
State, the auditor, and other State officers, as
well as many members of the General Assem-
bly, and by other persons who were soldiers
and officers in the late war, praying for the
passage of the soldiers' homestead law. I ask
the reference of this memorial to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; and I desire in this
connection, if it is in order, and I trust it is,
inasmuch as I have frequent communications
on this subject asking that there shall be legis-
lation had as early as possible, to inquire of
the chairman of. the Committee on Public
Lands if there is a hope that we can have a
report and action upon this bill at an early
day.
Mr. POMEROY. The chairman of the com-
mittee cannot anticipate the action of the
committee. The subject will be before the
committee.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. SCOTT. I present the memorial of
C. S. W. Jones, publisher and proprietor of
the Tyrone Herald, a newspaper published in
Pennsylvania, praying that the bill now before
Congress to amend the postal laws may be
amended by striking from the second section
the words '' and wholly printed and," so as
to place the publishers of weekly papers all
on the same footing in regard to postage. I
'move the reference of the memorial to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Nebraska, asking that some
action be taken by Congress to protect them
against land grants to railroads ; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
the petition of Walton M. Talbott, praying to
be indemnified for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the year 1801 ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of J.
S. Jennings, publisher of the Monitor, of Ma-
rion, Indiana, remonstrating against the pass-
age of the bill before Congress regulating the
postage on printed matter ; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
He also presented additional evidence in
support of the petition of DeWitt C. Chip-
man, late collector of the eleventh district of
Indiana, praying the payment of moneys with-
held from hull to cover uncollected taxes and
expenses during his incumbency of the office
of collector of internal revenue ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented the resolu-
tions of a meeting of the National Prohibition
Association of Delaware, held in Wilmington
on the 11th instant, and signed by its presi-
dent and vice president, asking for a commis-
sion of inquiry concerning the traffic in intox-
icating liquors, and restrictive and prohibitory
legislation for the suppression of intemper-
ance; which was referred to theCommite.e on
the Revision of the Laws of the United States.
Mr. BLAIR presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Missouri, asking Congress to
make such appropriations as may be necessary
to remove obstructions that impede navigation,
and confine and deepen the channels of the
Mississippi and tributaries, and more espe-
cially that part of the Mississippi lying between
the port of St. Ijouis and Cairo, and the Osage
river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce. . .
Mr. SHERMAN presented seven petitions
of soldiers in the late war, citizens of Ohio,
praying the passage of the soldiers bounty
land bill ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONKLING presented resolutions of
a conference of friends of temperance, held
in the rooms of the Young Men's Christian
' Association of New "iork, asking for a com-
mission of iuauiry concerning the traffic m
intoxicating liqgors and restrictive and pro-
hibitory legislation for the suppression of
intemperance; which were referred to the
Committee on the Revision of the Laws of the
United States.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Iowa, soldiers in the late war, pray-
ing the passage of the soldiers' bounty land
bill; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lauds.
He also presented three petitions of pub-
lishers of newspapers of the State of Iowa,
praying that the words " and wholly printed
and" be omitted from the pending amend-
ment to the postal laws ; which were referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. SAWYER presented a memorial of R.
A. Phillips, D. L. Burnett, and two hundred
and fifty others, praying a reduction of tolls
on the Aqueduct bridge in the District of
Columbia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of Wil-
liam R. Terry, publisher of the Spirit of the
South, of Rockingham, Richmond county,
North Carolina, praying that the words " and
wholly printed and" be omitted from the
pending bill for the amendment of the postal
laws; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
withdrawal OP PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS, it was
Ordered, That Gardner Chapman have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers troui the files of
the Senate.
RliPORT 01' COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 3799) granting a pension to Antoine
Brossa, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3484) grant-
ing a pension to Asenath Stephenson, reported
it without amendment, and submitted a report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee have
had under consideration the bill (H. R. No.
2818) for the relief of Sally Clark, widow of
Joseph L. Clark, deceased, a soldier of the
war of 1812. I have no written report in this
case, but the facts are that the testimony
shows that the soldier served in the war of
1812 a less period than sixty days, and for
that reason the committee direct me to report
unfavorably on the bill and recommend its
indefinite postponement, as this relief would
be in conflict with the general law of February
14, 1871.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2988) granting an increase of pension to
Jedediah Gray, reported it without amend-
ment; and submitted a report thereon, which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to
whom was recommitted the bill (H. R. No.
2530) granting a pension to Mrs. Alme D.
Brooks, have had the same under considera-
tion. It was first examined by my friend from
Texas, [Mr. Haiui.TON,] who reported un-
favorably. It was subsequently, at the request
of the applicant, put in the hands of the Sen-
ator from Illinois not now in his seat [Mr.
Logan] and be has examined the case very
carefully and asked me to report to the Sen-
ate that he coincides with the Senator from
Texas in thinking that this bill ought not to
pass, and he has desired me to present this as
his report, in his absence from his seat.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R- No. 3833)
increaiingthe pension of Helen M. Stansbury,
have had the same under consideration and
directed me to report adversely, and reeom-
mend the indefinite postponement of the bill.
My friend from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] de-
sires, I believe, that the case shall go upon
the Calendar; and of course I interpose no
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be placed on the Calendar with the adverse
report of the committee.
Mr. PRATT, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3503)
restoring the names of certain persons to the
pension-rolls, and in amendment of an act
entitled an act granting pensions to the
survivors of the war of 1812, approved Feb-
ruary 14, 1871, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2571)
to amend an act granting pensions to the
survivors of the war of 1812 who served sixty
days, .and to their widows, approved Febru-
ary 14, 1871, have had the same under con-
sideration at repeated sessions of the commit-
tee, and a majority having come to the con-
clusion that the bill ought not to pass, have
directed me to report the bill back with that
recommendation. There is no written report
in the case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will he
placed on the Calendar with the adverse re-
port of the committee.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. There is no
adverse report.
Mr. PRATT. There is no written report
at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But the Senator
reports the bill adversely from the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. PRATT. I reported adversely on the
bill and recommended its indefinite postpone-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That not being
a unanimous report, however, the bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse re-
port, as it appears there are some members
of the committee in favor of the bill.
Mr. PRATT. It was the direction of the
committee that I should report adversely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the title of the bill and the Chair
will put the question on its indefinite postpone-
ment. .
The Chief Ci.eek. The title is: A bill (H.
R. No. 2571) to amend an act granting pen-
sions to the survivors of the war of 1812 who
served sixty days, and to their widows, ap-
proved February 14, 1871.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent this bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask that that bill go
on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse re-
port of the committee.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1568) relating to public roads,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; which was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 1572) for the suppression of trade
in and circulation of obsccne literature and
articles of immoral use, reported it without
amendment.
Mr, HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2339) granting a pension to
Sarah Pond, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2765) grant-
ing a pension to Julia Cosgrove, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was reterred the bill (H. R. No. 2130) grant-
ing a pension to Simeon Farnsworth, of Dan-
ville, Vermont, submitted an adverse report
thereon ; which was ordered to be printed,
and the bill was postponed indefinitely.
