344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
icg the" to strike out the word " support"
and insert "Poncasj" so that the clause will
read:
For this amount, or 80 much thereof as may bo
necessary, to bo used at the discretion of the Presi-
dent, to carry on the work of aiding and instructing
the Poncas in the arts of civilization, with a view to
their self-support and for subsistence and clothing,
$10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 44, line
ten hundred and fifty-seven, after the word
"funds" to insert "$15,779 82;" so that the
clause will read:
For this amount in coin, to enable the Secretary
of the Interior to carry out the provisions of the
third article of tho treaty with Pottawatomies of
November 15, 18(51, as modified by the treaty of
March 2), 18(36, by paying to those members ol the
tribe who are entitled thereto under said treaty
provisions a pro rata share of their tribal funds,
$15,779 82: Provided, &o.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 44, lines
ten hundred and sixty-four, ten hundred and
sixty-five, and ten hundred and sixty-six,
after the word "two" to strike out the
words "shall be carried to the surplus fund
$15,779 82 " and to insert the words "shall be [
covered into the Treasury so that the clause
from line ten hundred and fifty-eight will read :
Provided, That the sum of $15,779 82 in currency,
included in the appropriation of $54,099 13 made for
said Indiana by the act of May 29,1872, shall be cov-
ered into the Treasury. And the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized to sell eighty-six
twenty-one hundred and eightieth parts of the sev-
eral classes of bonds held by him in trust for and
belonging to the Pottawatomie Indians, and pay the
proceeds thereof without any deduction, in com-
pliance with the provisions of said treaties, it being
the share of said eighty-six persons in the bonds
belonging to said Indians.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have a
little explanation of that provision. It says
"said Indians." Who are these Indians that
are referred to as the "said Indians," and why
is this provision made for selling their bonds?
Mr. WINDOM. It is made in accordance
with the former treaty, which I have not now
before me, but will refer the Senator to
directly.
Mr. THURMAN. I will not delay now the
reading of the bill; but I ask the Senator from
Minnesota to give us sonae explanation of it
before we get through with the bill.
Mr. WINDOM. I will do so.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferrt,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Chair would
call attention to line ten hundred and ninety-
two, where the word "instructions" is use*}
apparently in place of the word "instructors."
If there be no objection the correction will be
made. It will be made.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 62, after line
twelve hundred and sixty-five, in the appro-
priations for the Shoshones, to insert the fol-
lowing clause:
For this amount, being the first of five installments
of the sum of $25,000 named in a certain agreement
dated September26,1872, which agreement is bpfeby
confirmed, made under the provisions of the act of
June 1,1872, by F. R.Brunot, presidentof the board
of Indian commissioners, with the Shoshone tribe
of Indians, for the relinquishment by sfiid Indians
>f certatp lands within the limits of the reservation
teded to said Indians by the treaty made with them
July 3f 1868, the same to be expended, under the
direction of the President, in the purchase of stock
cattle, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 53, after
line twelve hundred and seventy-eight, in the
appropriations for the Shoshones, to insert the
flowing clause:
For this amount, being t.b* first of five installments,
to be paid to Waa^-a-kie, chief of the Shoshones, as
per said agreement of September 26, 1872, $500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 63, line
twelve hundred and ninety-seven, in the ap-
propriations for the Bannocks, before the word
" transportation" to strike out the words "in-
surance and ;" so that the clause will read :
For transportation of goods that may be pur-
chased for tho Shoshones and Bannocks, 85,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 56, lines
thirteen hundred and fifty-four to thirteen hun-
dred and sixty-two inclusive, to strike out the
appropriation for the Sioux, Sisseton, and
Wahpeton, and Santee Sioux of Luke Tra-
verse and Devil's Lake, in the following words :
For this amount, to be expended in such goods, pro-
visions, or other articles, as the President may from
time to time determine, including transportation
thereof, in instructing in agricultural and mechan-
ical pursuits.in providing employes, educating chil-
dren, procuring medicine and medical attendance,
care for and support of tho aged, sick, and infirm, for
the helplessorphans of said Indians, andin any other
respect to promote their civilization, comfort, and
improvement, $75,000.
And in lieu thereof to insert the following :
For this amount, being the first of ten installments
of the sum of $80,000, named in a certain agreement,
which agreement is hereby confirmed, mado by the
commissioners appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior, under the provisions of the act of Juno 7,
1872, with the Sisseton and Wahpeton bands of
Sioux Indians, for the relinquishment by said
Indians of their claim to or interest in tho lands
described in the second article of the treaty made
with them February 19, 1867, the same to be ex-
pended under the direction of the President for
the benefit of said Indians, in the manner prescribed
in said treaty of 1867, as amended by the Senate,
$80,000.
Mr. WINDOM. Before the amendment is
acted upon, I am instructed by the Committee
on Appropriations to offer certain modifica-
tions to it. Am I in order in offering them
now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
is in order.
Mr. WINDOM. In line thirteen hundred
and sisty-five I move to strike out the words
"which agreement is hereby confirmed."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those words
will be stricken out if there be no objection.
Mr,_ WINDOM. I am instructed by the
committee to offer at the end of the amend-
ment the following:
And the said agreement is hereby confirmed, ex-
cepting so much thereof as is included In paragraphs
numbered respectively 3,4, 5,6,7,8, and 9; Provided,
That no part of this amount shall be expended until
after the ratification by the said Indians of Said
agreement as hereby amended.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I have been requested by my
colleague to reserve this amendment when we
come into the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will reserve it. The question now is on agree-
ing to the amendment as amended.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 68, line
fourteen hundred and nine, in the appropria-
tions for the S'Klallams, to strike out the word
"October" and insert "January" before the
words " twenty-sixth;" so that the clause will
read:
For foarteenth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school, and
for pay for suitable teachers, per eleventh article
treaty of January 26,1856, $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 58, line
fourteen hundred and fourteen, in the appro-
priations for the S'Klallams, to strike out
"June" and insert "January" before the words
"twenty-sixthj" so that the clause will read:
For fourteenth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and a
physician, who shall furnish medicine for the sick,
per treaty of January 26,1855, $4,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 60, line
fourteen hundred and fifty-two, in the ap-
propriations for the Tubeguache, Maquache,
Capote, Webinoche, Yampa, Grand Itiver,
and Uintah bands of Utes, to insert the word
" such" before "goods ;" so that the clause
will read :
For transportation of such goods as may be pur-
chased for said Indians, $7,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of the
bill down to and including the following clause:
Teton Sioux:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may bo
necessary to purchase subsistence and clothing for
tho Tetnn and other bands of Sioux in the vicinity
of Fort Peck, Montana Territory, and for such other
objects as the Secretary of the Interior, with the
approval of the President, may deem necessary and
advisable to promote the civilization and improve-
ment of said Indians, $200,000; but this appropria-
tion shall be expended for the benefit of such por-
tions of said bands only, and for such time as they
maintain friendly relations to the United States.
Mr. WINDOM. Although nobody has raised
any objection to that appropriation, I am un-
willing that it should be passed by without call-
ing the special attention of the Senate to it.
As questions have been raised recently con-
cerning these Teton Sioux, it may be consid-
ered of some importance, and I desire to have
presented to the Senate what information we
have on that subject. I am informed that the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
has a communication from the Department
which I myself will ask him to read or have read
at the Secretary's desk, if he please to do so.
Mr. HARLAN. I have in my hands a com-
munication from the acting Secretary of the
Interior on that subject which I have not had
time to read. I will send it up to the Secre-
tary to be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following com-
munication :
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., January 6, 1873.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your communication of the 3d instant, making
certain inquiries in regaid to the appropriations for
the Teton Sioux of Montana Territory, made at
the second session of the Forty-Second Congress,
the amount of said appropriation, the amount
which has been disbursed, the character of the
vouchers upon which said disbursement was made,
and by whom said vouchers were audited. Also as
to what is known to the Department of the tribe
referred to, its numbers, location, and disposition
to adopt peaceable habits.
In reply I have the honor to inclose herewith a
oopy of the report of the acting Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, of this date, relative to said appro-
priation, and showing the amount appropriated; tho
amount expended ; character of the vouchers upon
which said expenditures were made; and the balance
of the appropriation still on hand unused.
In regard to your inquiry as to what is known to
the Department of the people referred to, their
numbers, location, <fcc., I have to report:
So far as regards the appropriations in question,
the first intimation received by the Department of
the probable necessity for an appropriation forthem
was communicated by a letter from Superintendent
Viall, of the Montana superintendeucy, dated De-
cember 23,1871, inclosing a lengthy communication
from Agent Simmons, reporting certain negotiations
had by the latter under the direction of Superintend-
ent Viall with the Indians referred to, giving his
views of their numbers, &e. These communications,
with a letter from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, dated the 23d of January, 1872, asking an
appropriation of $500,000, were sent by the Secretary
of the Interior to Congress, on the 25th of January of
the same year, in a letter concurring in the Com-
missioner's recommendation. These several com-
munications were published, and are contained in
Executive Document No. 102, Forty-Second Con-
gress, second session.
In regard to the existence of such a band or tribe
of Indians as the Teton Sioux at any time, I refer
you to the volume of treaties. Two treaties have
been made with said tribe by the Government; the
first on tie 19th of July, 181a, by William Clarke,
Ninion Edwards, and August Choteau, at Porta so
Des Sioux, (vol. 7, p. 125.) and the second on the 22d
of June, 1855, at Three Rivers, by General H.
Atkinson, of the Army, and Benjamin O'Fallon,
United States Indian agent. This latter treaty was
witnessed by Colonel Leavenworth, Captains Arm-
strong and Mason, Lieutenant (now General) Har-
nejr, of the Army, and Indian Agents Kennerly,
Wilson, and others. (Vol. 7, p. 250.) I also find the
same people referred to in the report of travels of
Lewis and Clarke, in 1804-5-6, and in the Astoria of
Washington Irving, They are also referred to in
S. G. Drake's book of the Indians, published in
1841; and Schoolcraft, in his official report of 1857,
(vol. 6Jgives their numbers at three thousand souls.
In June, 1872, subsequent to the appropriation
above referred to, a commission was sect out by
this Department consisting of the Assistant Secre-
tary of the Interior, N. J. Turney, a member of the
board of Iudian comaii^ioner^, and Captain J. W.
Whata, of ,Salem, Illinois, with instrue'ions to visit
