1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1309
THE THIRTIETH ltULE.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following
resolution :
Resolved, That the thirtieth rule of the Senate be
held to embrace in its requirements all bills making
appropriations for the improvement of rivers and
harbors.
, There is a special rule of the Senate, the
thirtieth rule, applying to general appropria-
tion bills. For some reason, which I hardly
understand, the river and harbor, bill is not
classed as a general appropriation bill, per-
haps because it goes to the Committee on
Commerce ; but obviously the same rule which
applies to other appropriation bills should
apply to that, and I have the assent of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce
that this proposition should be offered. I
believe the same thing has been offered to
apply to a single session before, and now I
propose to make it general.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent, at the last session or the session
before, this rule was made to apply to the
river and harbor bill by general consent of the
Senate, it being in doubt whether that bill
should be regarded as a general or a special
appropriation bill. The Senator from Rhode
Island now proposes that the same rule shall
apply to that bill hereafter.
Mr. CORBETT. I would rather that this
resolution should not be considered until the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce is
in his seat.
Mr. ANTHONY. The chairman of the
Committee on • Commerce asked me to offer
the resolution. It simply brings that appro-
priation bill under the general rule which
allows an amendment to be laid on the table
and throws restrictions around the offering of
amendments.
Mr. CONKLING. The chairman of the
Committee on Commerce is here.
Mr. ANTHONY. I stated that the Senator
from Michigan was in favor of and indeed
asked me to offer the resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the resolution "will be regarded as
before the Senate at the present time.
The resolution was agreed to.
TWENTY-SECOND JOINT RULE.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
concurrent resolution ; which was referred to
the Committee on Privileges and'Elections:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives con-
curring,) That the twenty-second joint rule be
re scinded.
MANCHESTER SALT WORKS VETO MBBSAGK.
Mr. HOWE. Yesterday I moved that the
message of the President returning with his
objections the bill (S. No. 161) for the relief
of those suffering from the destruction of salt
works near Manchester, Kentucky, pursuant
to the order of Major General Carlos Buell,
be referred to the Committee on Claims. I
move now that the message be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
CROW RESERVATION IN MONTANA.
Mr. RICE. I ask that by unanimous con-
sent the Senate proceed to the consideration
of Senate bill No. 1*282.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business having concluded and the Calendar
of unobjected cases being before the Senate
until one o'clock, the Senator from Arkansas
moves to postpone the Calendar for the pur-
pose of considering Senate bill No. 1282.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 1282) to authorize
the Secretary of the Interior to negotiate
with the chiefs and head-men of the Crow
tribe of Indians for the surrender of their
reservation in the Territory ot Montana.
The bill proposes to authorize the Secretary
of the Interior to negotiate with the chiefs and
head-men of the Crow tribe of Indians, m the
Territory of Montana, for the surrender of
their reservation in that Territory, or so much
thereof as may bo desirable ; and the Secre-
tary is to report his action to Congress.
The Committee on Indian Affairs reported
an amendment, to strike out after the word
"Territory," in line six, the words "or so
much thereof as may be desirable ; and the
Secretary shall report his action in pursuance
of this act to Congress;" and to insert:
Or of such part thereof as may be consistent with
the welfare of the said Indians: Provided, That
any such negotiation shall leave the remainder of
said reservation in compact form and in good local-
ity for farming purposes, having within it a suffi-
ciency of good laud for farming and a sufficiency
for water and tirnbor; and if there is upon suoh res-
ervation a locality where fishing could be valuablo
to the Indians, to include tho same if practicable;
and the Secretary shall report his action in pursu-
ance of this act to Congress, at the next sossion
thereof, for its confirmation or rejection."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask if there is a report
in that case ?
Mr. RICE. There is a letter of the Sec-
retary of the Interior with the bill. I can state
that the reservation covers some mining camps,
and there is a proposition to sell that portiou
to the Government which is included in those
mining camps, and leave the tribe the best por
tion for Indian purposes, and it is understood
that they are satisfied to make the arrangement.
Their agency buildings have recently been
burned ; and the object of passing the bill now
is that their lands may be selected before new
agency buildings are put up.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the reading of
the letter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
states that he cannot find the letter at this
moment.
Mr. RICE. It was sent up with the bill at
the time the bill was reported by the com-
mittee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
has sent to the office for the paper in question.
It does not appear to be on the files with the
bill. [After a pause.] The papers have been
received from the office of the Secretary, and
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Dkfartment of thb interior,
Washington, IX 0., January 25,1873.
Sir: In reply to your letter of the 11th instant,
inclosing Senate bill No. 1282, authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Interior to negotiate with the chiefs
and head-men of the Grow tribe of Indiana for the
surrender of their reservation in the Territory of
Montana, with a request for the viows of the Depart-
ment in regard to the same, I have the honor to
inclose herewith a copy of a report trom the acting
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, to whom your letter
was referred, dated the 23d instant.
The acting Commissioner states that the Indians
are desirous of entering into negotiations for the
cession of the whole or part of their reservation, and
is of opinion that such negotiations, being proper,
should be authorized; which opinion meets with the
approval of this Department.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. DELANO, Secretary.
Hon. James Harlan, .
Chairman Senate Committee Indian Affairs.
Department of the Interior,
Office of Inuian Affairs^
Washington, D. 0., January 23,1873.
Sib : I have the honor to acknowledge pie receipt,
by reference from you, of a communication, ot data
the 11th instant, from Hon. James Harlan, chair-
man of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs,
transmitting for the views of this Department ben-
ate bill No. 1282, entitled "A bill to.authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to negotiate with the
chiefs and hoad-men of the Crow tribe ot Indians
for tbe surrender of their reservation m the -terri-
tory of Montana." , A
In reply, I have the honor to report that, a£ appears
from a communication received at this oib.ee from
Superintendent VialL under date of the 26th oi
September last, the Crow tribe of Indians havo in-
dicated their desire to cede to the United btates tno
whole or a portion of their reservation, and are
desirous of negotiating with that end in view.
of the opinion that these Indians have more land
than is required for their occupancy or use, i thins
it very proper and desirable that negotiations be
authorized for the purpose indicated.
The paper is respectfully returned herewith.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
11. li. VJU UM,
Actwig Coinmixx'ioner.
Hon. Secretary of the Interior.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
The title of the bill was amended by adding
the words " or a part thereof."
BOStNESS or EDUCATION COMMITiSEE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the naval appropriation
bill is before the Senate.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 desire to ask unanimous
consent for an evening session on Tuesday
next, to consider bills from the Committee on
Education and Labor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina asks that Tuesday even-
ing next, at seven and a half o'clock, be assigned
for the consideration of bills from the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor; and, as the
Senate is coming toward the close of the ses-
sion, the Chair will state, as he did at the last
session, when evening sittings were ordered,
that it will be the understanding, unless the
Senate decide to the contrary, that whatever
is pending at the adjournment in the after-
noon shall be the unfinished business at one
o'clock the next day, the evening session being
specially for the assigned business, and tor
nothing else.
Mr. BOREMAN. Is it to be understood
that no business except from that particular
committee shall he considered?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Except by unani-
mous consent. The Chair could scarcely rule
out unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. The business reported
from that committee involves the whole dis-
position of the public lands. Now, I appeal
to the Senator whether he ought to ask an
evening session for such business when Sena-
tors will not be here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio objects, the Chair understands.
Mr. SAWYER- I wish to say one word
before the subject is dismissed. This com-
mittee have not had a single hour during the
whole, session. They have not asked a moment
of the time of the Senate for the consideration
of bills originated at this session, and there is
a great pressure from the outside to have
something done with regard to the bills which
have been reported by them. It is the last
opportunity that I shall have to appeal to tbe
Senate to do something for the interests of
education throughout the country, and I trust
that it will not be refused by the Senate.
I would prefer to have the consideration of
these questions take place during the day ses-
sions; but the pressure of public business is
such that we shall be obliged to have evening
sessions, and I think we shall have enough of
Senators here to consider the question at any
rate, and we have all got to make up our mind?
to come here night after night for the next two
weeks. I trust the Senator from Ohio^ will
withdraw his objection, and let us have I ues-
day or Wednesday evening (I am indifferent
which) of next week for that purpose
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There are
various subjects before the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor that certainly demand the
consideration of the Senate, and I trust that
after the modest expose of the position of the
Committee on Education and Labor, they will
at least be allowed an evening for the consid-
eration of the several bills that are before and
that may be reported by them.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Most of the
bills before the Committee on Education and
Labor are liable in my mind to serious ob-
jections. Some of them involve very grave
constitutional questions ; others, a.3 has been
said by the Senator from Ohio, involve the
disposition of verv great amounts of our public
lauds; and I do not think we ought to consent
that a mere gathering of that committee should
