346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
Mr. THURMAN. If I understand the inquiry
suggested by the Senator from Minnesota, it is
whether there is any such tribe at all as the
Teton Sioux.
Mr. WIN'DOM. I believe the Senator from
Ohio was not in his seat when the report from
the Interior Department was read, in which a
statement is made as to the name applied to
these Indians for many years, running back as
far as 1805. I have before me, if the Sen-
ator will permit rne a moment, two treaties,
one made in 1815 
Mr. THURMAN. There is no doubt there
was such a tribe; bnt the question is whether
there is any such tribe now?
Mr. WINDOM. The same Indians that
were then called the Teton Sioux are still in
existence. That term was applied to Indians
west and south of the Missouri river. Whether
that tribe of Indians call themselves by that
name now or not I am not certain ; but they
are the same Indians, and this was considered
the best designation that could be given them,
and as being most appropriate. They are
composed of a number of roving bands of
Indians. In 1857, Mr. Schoolcraft describes
them as including the Miuneco>.joux, Oncpa-
pas, Ogallallas, and Sans Arcs, and gives to
all those tribes the generic term of Teton
Sioux. The same Indians are there, and that
is the name that has been applied to them for
several years. Possibly the Indians may not
call themselves by that name; lam not posi-
tive as to that; but it is the name we have
recognized by treaties; it is the name the
Indian historian recognizes them by, and Lewis
and Clark described them as Tetons in very
e;irly times; and the Indians are certainly
there, whether their proper name is Tetons or
some other, and the money appropriated, at
least a portion of it, $308,000 out of $500,000,
as shown by the report read at the Secretary's
desk, has been paid to the Indians in aud
about Fort Peck under that appellation.
Mr. THURMAN. The surprise I feel is
that there should be any question at all as to
the existence of a tribe of Indians to whom
we are paying moneys every year. As I under-
stand, this name was given to a portion of the
great Sioux nation who live near three isolated
mountains in Idaho called Les Trois Tetons,
and those who assembled about or whose chief
habitation was at or near those mountains
acquired the brief designation of Tetons, were
called th« Teton Sioux, but the name never
did apply to the great Sioux nation, for the
Tetons were comparatively a small part of
that nation; and now if it has got so indefinite
that it is to include the other Indians who have
been mentioned and who are also provided for
in this bill, it is a very improper state of affairs,
aud one that we ought to understand some-
thing about.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, among the papers that I be-
gun to send up is the report of a commis-
sion sent out this last summer, consisting of
the Assistant Secretary of the Interior, N. J.
Turney, who I understand to be a peace com-
missioner, and J. W. Wham. It might be
well, perhaps, to read this report or a portion
of it.
Mr. THURMAN. I will say what I was
g;oing to say, for I do not wish to occupy any
time, and will take but a moment, and then
the Senator may have anything read that he
desires.
I say this certainly surprises me, and I was
not a little astonished to hear the recommenda-
tion that Congress shonld do something to have
a census taken of the Indians. Why, sir, if the
Department has not as good a census ef the In-
dians as can be obtained, I must say that it is
a very badly administered Department. If
there has been a time within the last twenty-
five or even fifty years in which the Indian
office in this city has not had as good a cen-
sus of the Indians with whom we have treaties
as it was possible to get, then I must say that
that Department has been very badly adminis-
tered. We have maintained, at great cost to
the country, Indian agencies and Indian su-
perintendencies throughout the whole Indian
country. We have paid millions and millions
of dollars for the support of those Indians, un-
der treaties made witn tiiein. We have distrib-
uted to them in some instances per capita, and
we were in all instances bound to know whether
a tribe with which we had made treaties still
maintained its tribal existence, or whether it
had become extinct; and if the officers of the
Government have discharged their duty that
information ought to be in the Department now,
and ought to have been in it any time within
the last fifty years. 1 do not say that it would
be entirely accurate, but I say that the means
of taking'it, of furnishing that information,
through the superintendents of Indians and
through the Indian agents that we have had,
are quite as good as those of taking a census
of the white men of the country; and there
was every reason why it should be understood
at the Department, and understood correctly,
so that we might not throw away the money
which we annually vote, or give it to persons
who had no right to it and who represented
persons who were no longer in existence.
I am of the impression also, Mr. President,
that there is in the Department, or there has
been from time to time, an approximate esti-
mate of the number of Indians, as accurate
perhaps as could be obtained by any means
you could adopt. I think that from time to
time reports have been made showing the
number of Indians in the United States and
those that belong to each tribe or band ; and
therefore it seems to me to be a little singular
that we should be asked at this late day, and
when we are appropriating millions upon mil-
lions of dollars every year for the support of
the Indians, to take a census of these tribes.
Surely this money must be paid to persons
entitled to it, if it is to be paid at all, and how
is it that the officers of the Government who
are to make the payments cannot ascertain
whether there is such a tribe in existence and
of how many it consists? What is the diffi-
culty ? Have they so much to do that they
cannot tell whether the tribe is in existence,
or if it is in existence, can form no estimate
whatsoever of its numbers? I do not believe
it. I believe there is not a superintendent of
Indian affairs who is competent and discharges
his duty faithfully who cannot tell within a
small fraction how many Indians are within
his superintendency and to what bands they
belong. If he cannot do it he ought to be
turned out of office and a competent man put
in his place.
Now, in regard to these Teton Sioux, if a
treaty has been made 'with them by that des-
ignation, and there is such a tribe in existence,
of course it is the duty of the Government to
fulfill that treaty, and the execution of the
treaty requires that the officers of the Govern-
ment who have the disbursement of the funds,
or of the stores or provisions, whatever they
may be, shall see that they are given to the
right persons. That is a great discretion, I
admit. It is one that may be very greatly
abused, and I do not know that anything we
can do can check the abuse of it if the officers
are dishonest and see fit to abuse it. It may
be a very vague and unjust suspicion, but I am
strongly under the impression, I must admit,
that a number of the tribes with whom we have
made treaties under which they were entitled
to large annuities have ceased to exist, or have
dwindled to such small numbers that they
should no longer be recoguized as tribes at all,
and that a set of white men or half breeds
impose themselves upon the Government every
year as members of that tribe, and draw the
annuities that were never intended for any such
persons. I have that suspicion—it may be
unjust, but I cannot help entertaining it—but
certain I am that a proper administration of
the Indian department—and I am not saying
that there is not a proper administration of it—
would prevent all such frauds.
Mr. COLE. It is not my purpose to vindi-
cate the Indian department, because I think
the document that was read a few moments ago
pretty well answers the charges that have bt-fii
made against that department in the public
press. It was stated a moment ago by my col-
league on the committee that, the Teton Sioux
was the designation of those branches of the
tribes of the Sioux that occupied the territory
to the south aud west of the Missouri river.
Such, I have been informed, is the case, and
that they have been known by that designation
for a long series of years, known among the
Indians by that name while occupying the ter-
ritory west and south of the Missouri river,
those branches of the Sioux that occupy the
territory to the north and east of the Missouri
river being known as the Sisseton Sioux ; the
one being known as the Teton Sioux and the
other as the Sisseton Sioux, and either would
point out the other under the designation as I
liave given it in accordance with the locality.
The precise locality of Fort Peck 1 do not
know, but there is a branch of the Missouri
river emptying into the Missouri liver at or
near Fori Benton, known as the Teton river.
It rises or flows near the mountains known by
the same name, and there are Indians in that
territory. That they may be known frequently
by the name of Tetons I have not the least
doubt, taking their name, it may be, from the
river or the mountains ; but as was said by my
colleague on the committee, whether they are
generally known or everywhere known by that
designation, it is difficult to tell.
But the fact that I wish to impress on the
Senate, and on you, Mr. President, is that six
or more tribes that occupy the territory to the
south and west of the Missouri river were, and
are still, I believe, generally known as the
Tetons, while those occupying the territory on
the other side of the river are known as the
Sissetons, and it requires no more definite
designation to describe them, it being proven
already that their wants have been supplied by
the Department in accordance with the ex-
pectations that were had when the law making
the appropriations was passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the bill will proceed.
Mr. WINDOM. One word before the read-
ing proceeds. I inferred from the remarks of
the Senator from Ohio that he understood me
to say that we were acting now under the
former treaties made with these Teton Sioux. I
did not mean to be so understood. I referred
to the treaties of 1815 and 1825 simply for the
purpose of showing that we had designated
certain Indians by those names. The treaties
to which I refer do not require us to pay any
money. They are simply treaties of peace made
with tribes by that name or Indians composed
of the several tribes by that generic name
several years ago. I know of no treaty that
requires us to pay them this amount of money.
It is appropriated under the new policy of
feeding rather than fighting Indians. It is the
policy adopted by the peace commission, and
1 think thus far with these Indians it has
worked quite favorably. I do not wish the
Senate to understand that the appropriation
here is in accordance with or is required by
any treaty 
Mr. THURMAN. On what page of the
bill is it to be found?
Mr. WINDOM. Page GO—but that it is
in accordance with the policy that I have men-
tioned.
To repeat what I said a little while ago, the
term "Teton" for many years has been a
generic term, was so understood by Mr.
Schoolcraft in writing his history of Indian
missions, is so understood now, and applies
to several tribes, or portions of tribes, as I
understand, in the locality mentioned by the
Senator from California. There are from five
to eight thousand of those Indians, from the
best information that I can get on the subject,
in and around Fort Peck. We appropriated
$500,000 last year for the purpose of feeding,
