1310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
take place here of an evening to be substituted
for the Senate to pass bills which that com-
mittee has reported. I should not be willing
to consent to such an order as has been sug-
gested by the Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. In reference to
the importance of this subject, and the ques-
tion whether it will lead to long debate, the
Senate ought to remember that one of these
educational bills was discussed for two or
three days in the Senate, and was then passed
I think by a vote of 80 to 14.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Thirty-nine
to fourteen.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Thirty-nine to
fourteen. It has gone to the House, and will be
reconsidered here again, but certainly need not
lead to great debate. The opinion of the Sen-
ate has been so thoroughly expressed on the
subject that I do not think any Senator would
consider it worth while at this late stage of the
session to spend time in debate upon it.
Mr. SAWYER. As there is objection to
the arrangement suggested, I move that Tues-
day evening be set apart for that purpose, and
I give notice that I shall ask action on the
motion to-morrow morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar.
statistics of agriculture.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask permission to make
a report. The Committee ou Printing, to
whom was referred a resolution to print addi-
tional copies of so much of the ninth census
as relates to the statistics of agriculture for the
use of the Commissioner, have directed me to
report it back without amendment, and to rec-
ommend its passage ; and I ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to ; as follows :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That there be printed for the
use of the Commissioner of Agriculture, twenty-
five hundred additional copies of so much of the
ninth census as relates to the statistics of agricul-
ture.
kansas senatorial investigation.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution, and ask for its present
consideration:
Resolved, That tho sum of $8,000, or so much
thereof as umy be necessary to pay the expenses of
the select committee appointed on the 10th instant
to inquire into certain charges of bribery and cor-
ruption in connection with the recent senatorial
election in Kansas, is hereby directed to be paid out
of the contingent fund of tho Senate, under tho
order of the chairman of said select committee, the
vouchers therefor to be approved by the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the rule, this
resolution must be treated as a bill.
The resolution was read three times, and
passed.
message from the house.
.A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhebson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
1325) to remove the disabilities of certain per-
sons therein named, two thirds of the House
agreeing to concur in the same.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendment of the Senate
to the amendment of the House to the first
amendment of the Senate to the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 170) to enable the people of
the United States to participate in the advant-
age of the international exposition to be held
in Vienna m 1873.
The message further announced that the
House had disagreed to the amendment of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1868) for the
relief of Elias C. Boudiuot, asked a confer-
ence with, the Senate on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. D. W. Voorhees of Indiana, Mr. J. A.
Peters of Maine, and Mr. John A. Bingham
of Ohio, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 872) to provide
for the sale of certain New York Indian lands
in Kansas.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 3360) to authorize the
buildingof the Wyoming and Montana railway;
A bill (H. 11. No. 3914) to change the times
and places for holding the circuit and district
courts of the United States for the district of
Minnesota;
A bill (H. R. No. 3945) for the relief of
George Washington and Sallie Washington,
his wife, of Alexandria, Virginia;
A bill (H. R. No 3946) to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to convey to the city of
Chelsea, Massachusetts, land for the use of
a street; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3947)_ to amend an act
entitled "An act to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes," approved July 14, 1870.
enrolled bills signed,
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 1626) to confirm certain
entries of lands therein named;
A bill (H. R. No. 2698) to provide for the
payment for certain property taken by the
Government for the extension of the military
reservation at Camp Mohave, in the Territory
of Arizona;
A bill (H. R. No. 1418) for the relief of
Charles H. Mallory & Co., New York ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2437) to grant a pension
to Martin Zeeb;
A bill (H. R. No. 2438) granting a pension
to Mrs. Mary Davis, of Philadelphia ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2593) to readjust the
western boundary of Dakota Territory ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3789) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to refund the differ-
ential duty on articles actually on shipboard
in French vessels destined for the United
States on the 5th of November, 1872;
A bill (H. R. No. 693) for the relief of
Charles Trichler, of the county of Adams,
Ohio;
A bill (H. R. No. 2420) granting a pension
to Margaret A. Renshaw;
A bill (H. R. No. 2508) granting a pension
to Lizzie J. Fracker-;
A bill (H. R. No. 2556) granting a pension
to Jame3 Thompson and Margaret Thompson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3253) to provide for the
appointment of a commission to complete the
boundary line between the territory of the
United States and the possessions of Great
Britain not completed under the act of August
11, 1856, to carry into effect the first article of
the treaty of June 15, 1846 ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) to enable
the people of the United States to participate
in the advantages of the international exposi-
tion to be held in Vienna in 1873.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That Victor Beauboucher have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
naval appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The naval ap-
propriation bill is now before the Senate.
Mr. PRATT. Before that bill is taken up,
I wish to get the consent of the Senate to
consider the bill revising, consolidating, and
amending the pension laws, immediately after
the naval bill is disposed of. I gave way yes-
terday for the bill of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations; and what I desire is that
the Senate will consent that the bill which I
explained yesterday morning may be taken
up immediately after this appropriation bill is
disposed of, it there be no objection.
Mr. COLE. I think I must object. I do
not know when this bill may be through, nor
how many other appropriation bills may be
pressing immediately afterward. I think the
Senator had better wait a little and take his
chances with other Senators, who feel a great
anxiety, like himself, for the consideration of
their bills.
Mr. PRATT. I did not expect such a return
for my courtesy, from the honorable Senator
from California. I gave way yesterday out of
courtesy, supposing that his measure was an
important one, although I presume I might
have fairly urged the consideration of the
pension bill, as we had reached it on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. COLE. I would not be outdone by the
honorable Senator from Indiana in a matter
of courtesy or politeness ; but I really do not
think it was out of courtesy to myself that the
naval appropriation bill was proceeded with
yesterday. On the other hand, it was proba-
bly a matter of courtesy by which the Senator
was enabled to make his speech yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ' The appropria-
tion bill is before the Senate, unless set aside
by a vote of the Senate. It is the unfinished
business, and of course comes up in priority
to everything else.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceededto considerthe bill (H. R. No. 3351)
making appropriations for tie naval service
for the year ending June 30, 1874, and for
other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read, and if there be no objection the amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations will be considered as they are
reached in the text of the bill.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The Brat amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 3, line forty-eight,
before "running-light" to insert "and;" so
as to read, "oil in binnacles, and running-
lights," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 4, line
seventy-two, to increase the appropriation for
surveying in the Pacific from $50,000 to
$75,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 5, line
ninety-one, in the appropriations for expenses
of Naval Observatory, to reduce the appropri-
ation for wages of messengers, &c., fuel, light,
and other contingent items, from $19,800 to
$13,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 7, after
line one hundred and thirty-seven, in the ap-
propriations for the Bureau of Ordnance, to
insert the following:
For the purchase of the right to manufacture and
use the best self-propelling torpedo-boats, oapable
of being guided and operated from a vessel, boat,
or the shore, $150,000.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope that amend-
ment will not be adopted. It seems to me we
are going too largely into this torpedo busi-
ness. This bill already appropriates over
$100,000 to experiments in torpedoes. Until
the Crimean war I do not believe torpedoes
had ever been used. New scientific discov-
eries are continually being made on this sub-
ject. We are as yet in the infancy of the
ultimate use and perfection to which this mode
of defense or offense will be carried. We
have already appropriated over $100,000 in
this bill for this purpose, besides $400,000 for
Army torpedoes alone, making over half a
million dollars, and now it is proposed to
appropriate $150,000 more "for the purchase
of the right to manufacture and use the best
self-propelling torpedo-boats." It seems to
me to be wrong lo do this. It seems to me
