10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 11,
Ho. of Reps.
Seizures of Cotton—Mr. Maclntyre.
42d Gong....3d
tal, risk, labor, fuel, board and time, avail-
ability for navigating the woody streams of
the Southwest would amount to many mil-
lions of dollars per annum. And this saving
would be a reduction of freights and increas-
ing the value of production. It would also
decentralize much of the non-productive capi-
tal used in this business, and reinvest it in other
business more beneficial to the country.
BINDING THE STATES IN A CLOSER UNION.
The increase of wealth and trade in Louis-
iana, Texas, and Mexico by such an enterprise
cannot be estimated. You may attempt to
approximate it by fixing a value upon the
great forests, the sugar and sirup crops, the
long and short staple cotton, the tropical fruits
and vegetables, the vast beds of oysters that
lie along the line, the grain and cereals, the
increase of live stock, the growth of wool, the
enhancement of real estate, and the opening
of rich mines; but all these form but a part of
the great wealth that will soon be possessed in
that favored clime. No work can be more ad-
hesive in linking together by a common interest
the States of the Union. Once the States lying
along the Mississippi and its tributaries realize
the benefits of the new market, with the rich
exchange for their products, no possible power
can induce them to yield-the advantage. When
a boat can load at Pittsburg, St. Paul, St.
Louis, or even at Chicago, (when her camil is
complete,) afid run to Mexico or the interior
of Texas, up her navigable streams a distance
of four thousand miles without breaking bulk
or reshipment, with cheaper vessels, less risk,
and greater speed than now, and consequently
less than half the present cost of freights,
then the splendid results may be realized in the
mutual prosperity and good-will following such
reciprocal relations.
To form a more correct idea, let us illus-
trate: the tonnage passing over the Erie
canal in 1859, seeking tide-water amounted
to 1,451,333 tons, at a cost of $2 87 per ton.
If this amount passed over this narrow chan-
nel in a single year, would it not be a low
estimate to say that two million tons would
pass this new route? It now costs from
twenty to thirty dollars per ton to ship from
Cincinnati, Louisville, or St. Louis, to Shrevc-
port, and from thence by rail and wagon to
the interior of Texas twenty to forty dollars
per ton more, anil perhaps about the same to
transport round by the Gulf to Galveston and
thence to the interior. Assume as an average
from the points named to the interior of
Texas fifty dollars per ton, and on two mil-
lion tons St will amount to $100,000,000, per
annum. With this canal built, and cheaper
vessels, smaller risks, less labor, and greater
speed, it is believed that freights could be
reduced to twenty dollars as a maximum and
three dollars as a minimum, averaging ten dol-
lars per ton to any point on the line. If this
estimate be correct, then the saving would
be forty dollars per ton, or on the total amount
shipped $80,000,000 per annum, to go mainly
to the producer. The interest on this sum at
six percent, is $4,800,000 per annum; quite
enough to build the work.
AS A LINE OF DEFENSE.
A mere glimpse has been taken of the com-
mercial, agricultural, and industrial advantages
of such a work, which are of quite sufficient
importance to induce the Government to make
the experiment. But it may bo viewed from
a different direction, and one not without in-
terest to the country. In time of peace every
good Government should prepare for the con-
tingencies of war. The most civilized and
refined- nations, it is feared, will continue to
engage in mortal strife for generations to come.
This being true, the most pacific nation must
take proper steps to protect her people and
commerce. That such a structure as proposed
will prove of great advantage as a line of
national defense, is evident. From Galveston
to Mexico is about five hundred miles, and from
the mouth of the Bio Grande to El Paso .about
one thousand miles, making a salient line of
territory of about fifteen hundred miles with-
out a railroad or canal. Should other nations
combine against us and with a fleet get pos-
session of the Gulf and form an alliance with
Mexico, this entire lino of fifteen hundred
miles would bo exposed to attack. A mere
handful of troops, with a fleet, could keep an
army of our men on this line. But with this
canal running along the edge of the Gulf, per-
fectlysecure from outside forces, it would cover
five hundred miles of this exposed line. And
this would enable the Government to rapidly
mass large bodies of troops and munitions of
war along this frontier, and would force the
enemy to meet us on land where wo could
use all our forces. The lato war proved the
great advantage of railroads and canals, and
until this, the longest line of frontier open to
attack, shall be protected bya proper channel
of communication, our national defenses will
be incomplete.
THIS CANAL A NATIONAL ENTERPRISE.
It will be seen from the outlines of the bill
that this canal is intended to be exclusively a
national work, constructed and operated by
the Government. It is too grand an enter-
prise for individual effort. The good effects
to the country would be neutralized and quite
lost by any combination of capital. Capital
invested must have a paying dividend besides
gross expenses. This would force a high
tariff on tonnage, and thus fail to meet the
demand for cheaper freights. Neither in di-
vidual or associated effort can reduce the tariffs
as low as they ought to bo. That a combination
of capital may cheapen them is true. But this
is not enough. They should be so small as
hardly to be felt; just enough to make the
canal, onco completed, self-sustaining. This
would furnish a check to the combinations of
railroads. They are a great monopoly; they
are fast combining against the producer ; they
are shutting out competition, lligh tariffs on
the carrying business is the open enemy of
trade and commerce. Railroads are remorse-
less. The law itself will soon, I fear, be feeble
to restrain their soulless grasping. The whole
country is too deeply interested to allow a
monopoly to any company over such a highway
for commerce, to grow millionaires on what
should be a benefaction to the people. And I
therefore trust the advantages to commerce,
the States, and tho nation, that will follow
such a noble work will never be permitted to
fall into the hands of a few at the expense of
the general good.
Seizures of Uotton.
SPEECH OP HON. A. T, MACINTYRE,
op georgia,
In tiie House of Representatives,
January 11, 1873.
Tho House flavins under consideration tho bill
making appropriations for the legislative, executive,
and judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June SO, 1874, and for other purposes-
Mr. MACINTYRE said:
Mr. Chairman : Some four or five years
ago we had the declaration from the President
of the United States "Let us have peace."
The southern people having surrendered and
in good faith returned to their allegiance to
the Government of the United States, heartily
responded "Let us have peace." They have
continuously sought peace, and to-day acqui-
esce in things as they are that they may have
peace. But the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Smith,] with
the speeches he has made upon this floor, indi-
cate that there is to be no peace, notwithstand-
ing actual hostilities ceased seven years ago.
I had hoped, sir, that this agitation would
be permitted to die out, and that no difference
would be recognized by the Congress of the
United States between the citizens of the sev-
eral sections of the country. Now that there
has been a reconstruction of the States, and a
readmission of all the States into the counsels
of tho country by their representatives in both
branches of Congress, I feel that every man is
under the protection of his country's flag,
under the protection of the Constitution of the
United States, and that all the laws of Con-
gress should operate equally upon all Ameri-
can citizens. I insist that every American
citizen is entitled to equal justice, and that
one is as much entitled to his rights as the
other; that locality has nothing to do with
tho question, nor does his former status, as I
will attempt hereafter to show.
I hope the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Smite] will pardon me if I attempt a defense
of the gentlemen so severely and indirectly
assailed by him in his speeches of yesterday
and to-day, and in order to do so I propose
rapidly to review the former legislation of this
Government in relation to the subject of his
amendment and the decisions of the court
upon that legislation as a foundation for such
defense.
The first was the act of July 13, 1861, by
which all property passing to and fro between
the States at war became liable to seizure and
forfeiture, together with the vehicles and ves-
sels by which said property might be trans-
ported.
The next, the act of the 6th of August, 1861,
made liable to seizure and forfeiture all prop-
erty used or intended to be used in abetting,
aiding, or promoting insurrection. By special
provisions of these statutes a judicial condem-
nation was required to make a forfeiture.
The next act, July 17, 1872, declares the
punishment of treason and its disqualifications
and disabilities. In one of its sections it is
provided that all persons engaged in or aiding
in the rebellion who shall not cease and re-
turn to their allegiance within sixty days after
proclamation made by the President, shall
forfeit all their property. The President, as
required by this act, issued his proclamation
on the 25th day of July, 1882. The sixty days
of course expired on the 23d of September
following.
On the 12th of March, 1863, Congress passed
the act to which the gentleman's amendment
refers, by which authority was given the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to appoint agents to collect
and receive all abandoned or captured property.
And one section of the act provided that any
person claiming to have been the owner of any
such abandoned'or captured property may at
any time within two years after the suppression
of the rebellion prefer his claim to the proceeds
thereof in the Court of Claims, and on proof
to the satisfaction of the court of his owner-
ship of said property, of his right to the pro-
ceeds thereof, and that he has never given any
aid or comfort to the present rebellion, to
receive the residue of such proceeds after the
deduction of any purchase money which may
have been paid, together with the expenses of
transportation and sale of said property, and
any other lawful expenses attending the dis-
position thereof.
There could be no forfeiture under the first
two acts without a condemnation of the prop-
erty by a decree or judgment of the court.
The last named act seems not to have declared
the property forfeited, but provided that the
abandoned or captured property might be
appropriated to public use on the appraise-
ment and certificate thereof, the sale to be at
