1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
under the direction of the President of the
United States, certain Indians designated by
the generic name of Tetons, and locating them
at that place. You have heard read at the
Secretary's desk a statement as to what was
done with a portion of that money. If the in-
sinuations that are quite prevalent in some
quarters be correct, that this was originally
intended as a "steal." it seems to me we have
a very honest administration in the end, or at
least they must have become conscience
stricken, tor having obtained an appropriation
of $500,000 for Indians who had no existence
in name or anything else, they have only used
$308,000 of it, and the balance is yet in the
Tieasury. It is certainly a very remarkable
case of stealing. There was a little too much
conscience in the end or not enough in the
beginning ; one or the other. It is not the
ordinary way of stealing. If an appropriation
of $500,000 is got, and the intent is dishonest,
it is usually all taken.
These Indians were found at Port Peck.
They were fed, and the $308,000 expended, as
shown by the report of the Secretary of the
Interior, applies to the balance of the fiscal
ybsr, as I am informed by letter before me
also ; so that the sum of $200,000, or substan-
tially that amount, is lying over from the ap-
propriation of last year, which certainly does
not have, to my mind, a very dishonest look.
I believe, whether this be the right name of
these Indians or not, it is the name that they
are designated by ; it is the name the money
has been appropriated by, and under that name
they have been paid $308,000 worth, and have
kept the peace substantially during that time.
My friend before me [Mr. Howe] suggests that
under any other name they would perhaps be
no sweeter. [Laughter.] It is a mere ques-
tion of name. The Indians have received the
benefits of the appropriation and they have
substantially kept the peace. It is a question
for the Senate whether they will continue this
peace policy or refuse to make these appro-
priations and return to the old policy of fight-
ing the Indians. We shall have to fight them
perhaps, or a portion of them, but let us fight
as few of them as possible.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to say that I have
made no insinuation at all about any dishon-
esty.
Mr. WINDOM. I beg the Senator's par-
don. I did not mean to be understood that he
had. I referred to the public prints.
Mr. THURMAN. I have made none, be-
cause I am not accustomed to make insinua-
tions when I have no knowledge of any foun-
dation for them. It seems I was under mis-
apprehension in one particular. Having been
called out of the Senate while this matter was
being discussed, I thought this appropriation
was to fulfill some treaty, but it appears now
that the treaty came to be mentioned from the
fact that treaties have been made with Indians
under the name of the Teton Sioux, and that
is taken as evidence that there is such a band
now ; but looking at the appropriation I find
it is a general appropriation—
To purchase subsistence and clothing for the Teton
and other bands of Sioux in the vicinity of Fort Peck,
Montana Territoiy, and for such other objects as the
Secretary of the Interior, with the approval of the
President, may deem necessary and advisable to
promote the civilization and improvement of said
Indians. 8200,000. But this appropriation shall be
expended for the benefit of such portions of said
bands only and for such time as they maintain
friendly relations to the United States.
Now I understand from the remarks of the
Senator it is not entirely clear that there is
at this day any band or tribe of Indians who
go by this designation. My own impression
is that there is still aronnd those mountains
called the Three Tetons, in Idaho, a band who
yet eftll themselves the Teton Sioux.
Mr. WINDOM. The Senator will allow
me to say that I do understand that all those
tribes in that region go by that generic name
now.
Mr. THURMAN. But what I submit is,
whether it is not a rather dangerous way of
making appropriations, of appropriating so
much money to them, and then perhaps ap-
propriating to the very same Indians under
another name in another part of the bill. How-
ever, that is a matter of detail that we must
rely upon the Department and the committee
to find out.
Mr. WINDOM. The fact, as the committee
understand it, is that there are a number of
Indians congregated about that place, and that
this is chosen as perhaps as applicable a name
as can be given to that collection of Indians in
that locality.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, sir, I do not know
that you can get at it any better, and it might
be just as well to appropriate so much for the
Indians within such a superintendency. Then
you would get a geographical designation and
it would be pretty certain that you would have
a tribe. However, if the committee think it is
right to appropriate money in this way I have
nothing more to say about it.
Mr. LOGAN. There is one inquiry that I
desire to make. I see that this clause speaks
of " the Indians around Fort Peck." What
are we to understand by that term, "Fort
Peck?" Does it mean a fort of the United
States?
Mr. WINDOM. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. There is no such fort.
Mr. WINDOM. I think there is.
Mr. LOGAN. I think not.
Mr. WINDOM. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. WRIGHT. Probably it is a trading
post.
Mr. LOGAN. That is what I wanted to
know. Thinking an improper impression
might be made, and knowing there was no
such Government fort, it struck me as being
somewhat peculiar, and so I inquired why it
was named " Fort Peck." My own impres-
sion is that you will find that it is a mere
trading post of a man by the name of Peck.
I know nothing abont this appropriation ; I
know nothing about the Indians; I am not on
that committee, and I do not inquire very
much into such matters ; but I rose to suggest
whether it would not be well to amend this
clause so as to prohibit the traders at this
post from selling arms and ammunition to the
Indians around Fort Peck. There are no
soldiers there. I am told—I do not state it
for a fact; I know nothing about it—that the
traders do sell arms and ammunition to the
Indians at that place.
Mr. WINDOM. I should be very much
obliged to the Senator to suggest an amend-
ment of that kind.
Mr. LOGAN. I suggest the insertion of a
proviso that no arms or ammunition shall be
sold at that post to these Indians. I can draw
it up very readily. I do not know the truth of
the allegation, but I have been told that such
is the case by an Army officer, a man in whom
I have confidence, a man formerly connected
with me in the Army, who was on my staff.
Mr. WINDOM. On further examination I
take pleasure in saying that I was wrong in
supposing this to be a Government fort. It is
not a fort. It is a trading post, located on
the left bank of the Missouri river, five hun-
dred miles below Fort Benton.
Mr. LOGAN. I should like to have a pro-
viso inserted in that portion of the bill such as
I have suggested, for the reason that I have
been told that there was such trading done at
that place. The proviso will do no harm, at
least.
Mr. WINDOM. Let the Senator propose
his amendment.
Mr. COLE. Any trading post on the fron-
tier is usually designated as a fort, as, for
example, Fort Laramie was called a fort when
it was nothing but a trading post, merely a
palisade established by ft single person for- his
own defense and the defense of his property.
The same may be said of Fort Bridger and
other places on the frontier, and perhaps in
the neighborhood where Fort Peck, so-called,
is situated.
It strikes me, however, in referring to the
suggestion of the Senator from Illinois, that
these Indians may be depending on the chase
almost exclusively, or upon the means of kill-
ing wild animals for their subsistence, and I
have heard of no complaint of the sale of arms
to them, and there could be no objection to
the sale of arms to them unless those arms
were to be used for the destruction of the
whites or in war, instead of the taking of game.
If the Senator from Illinois has any informa-
tion on the subject I should be glad if he
would give it to us, and if it comes from the
regular Army authorities I should be disposed
to heed it.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well, sir. I have no
information except what I stated. I state
that an Army officer who has been located in
that vicinity told me what I have repeated to
the Senate. That is all the information I have
on the subject.
Mr. COLE. Raising an objection to the
sale of arms to these Indians, as I understand
it?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
. Mr. COLE. I have no objection to the
amendment myself.
Mr. HARLAN. The Department have rules
and regulations on that subject that I think
are wiser than any law we can enact. When
the Indians are at peace it would be a great
hardship to put it out of their power to take
the buffalo, on which they principally feed.
They can kill them to some extent with the
other implements they have, with bows and
arrows; but it is a very difficult thing to kill
buffalo in that way, and Indian hunters, of
course, need powder and lead and fire-arms
just as much as white people do who live on
that kind of food. When the Indians are hos-
tile, of course it would be a wicked thing to
sell them ammunition and arms. When they
are at peace, if you deprive them of the means
of acquiring their own support, you will have
to increase your appropriations. If these In-
dians are hostile aud likely to remain so, of
course it would be wrong to furnish them with
ammunition or arms. If you expect them to
remain at peace, however, it will only increase
your own burdens by depriving them of the
means of taking the game on which they
usually live to some extent.
I had in my hand before when I was on my
feet the report of a commission that went to
see these Indians, signed by the Assistant
Secretary of the Interior, one of the geutle-
men appointed to take care of this part of the
inhabitants of this country, and another, a
private citizen, whom I do not know. I think
it is very likely there will be more reliable in-
formation obtained by reading this paper than
will beobtained from miscellaneous discussion.
If anybody desires to hear it, I will send it up
and ask to have it read.
Mr. LOGAN. Before the reading, although
I am not disposed to enter into any discussion
on this subject, and indeed am not ahle if I
desired to do so, I should like to make one
remark in reply to my friend from Iowa in re-
gard to the selling of arms to the Indians. If
we are to feed the Indians and furnish them
meat and bread as we do, in order to civilize
them, I do not think it is necessary for them
to engage in buffalo hunting, nor do I believe
it to be good policy to allow them to hunt buf-
falo. It is generally on these hunts that their
depredations are committed, and persons who
have been in the habit of being with Indians
on the plains, I presume, will state this to be
the fact. I have very little knowledge of In-
dians myself. I was, when I was quite a
young man, stationed for a time on the fron-
tier, and knew something then about the In-
dian character; but now I know very little
and do not pretend to say anything about it.
I do not think the proviso I have suggested
will do any harm. I know that our Army
