1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1811
we have not the lights before us until the dis-
coveries have progressed further than they
have yet done to make such an appropriation.
No Government has been more liberal than
our own in the appropriations proposed to be
made for this service. As I have stated, we
have appropriated over $500,000, $400,000
for the Army and $120,000 for the Navy in
this bill to the special matter of torpedoes,
and now it is proposed to give $150,000 more
" for the purchase of the right to manufacture
and use the best self-propelling torpedo-boats
capable of being guided and propelled from
a vessel, boat, or the shore." I do trust the
Senate will not agree to this amendment. It
is an innovation iu the wrong direction. We
have not the means, we have not the light,
we have not the experience as yet to go into
the manufacture of these boats. Let the
results of the experiments for which we have
appropriated half a million dollars bo first
known and realized before we vote to invest
in jobs of manufacturing these things.
Mr. COLE. This matter I think has been
already pretty thoroughly tested by the Navy
Department. I have been informed that
experiments in reference to the managing of
torpedo-boats were instituted last summer,
I think, at Newport, and perhaps at other
places 
Mr. STEVENSON. At Willet's Point.
Mr. COLE. And at Willet's Point, under
the direction and eye of a board of very com-
petent and efficient naval officers, and that
they pronounced it eminently successful. All
that the the Committee on Appropriations are
able to say on the subject is that the appro-
priation has been strongly recommended by
the Department after what was regarded as a
very thorough investigation. The manner of
conducting these torpedo-boats is certainly
very novel and very peculiar. If they can
from the shore conduct a hidden torpedo-boat,
one which cannot be seen by the enemy, a
distance of a mile or two from the shore or
from another vessel, guiding it so as to attack
the vessel of an enemy and blow it up or de-
stroy it, it is certainly a very great triumph of
genius aud science.
If the amendment is regarded as objection-
able in its present shape, I think it ought to
be passed in some form so as to leave it dis-
cretionary in the Department to avail them-
selves of this means of defense or attack. If
the amount specified is considered too much,
I suggest that at the end of the amendment
be inserted the words " or so much thereof as
may be necessary." I would rather have it
in that form, at any rate. So far as I am
concerned, the matter is submitted to the
judgment of the Senate upon this statement;
I know myself but very little about it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the whole
amendment will be voted down. We have
appropriated money enough for experiments
in torpedoes. I doubt whether there is a
Government in the world that in the infancy
of the science of the use of torpedoes would
appropriate more than $520,000, which has
already been done without this item ; and now
before we have realized practical and bene-
ficial results from these experiments we pro-
pose to give $150,000 for the right to manu-
facture and use a particular boat. Let us
wait; let us see the result of the experiments
for which this large sum of money has been
appropriated. Do not let us take a jump in
the dark, because if we make this appropri-
ation it may be discovered that before the
money is used some new mode will be dis-
covered by which that which is reserved by
this appropriation will be rendered unfit for
use. I hope we shali await the result of the
experiments on this subject before we under-
take to go into the subject of buying the right
to manufacture any torpedo boat.
I merely rose to call the attention ol the
Senate to the facts I have stated and to re-
mind them of our experience during the war
in regard to naval vessels. I am sure millions
upon millions of money were wasted in experi-
ments upon monitors, which are now useless
hulks, utterly worthless. I am not criticising
that expenditure; we were in a war and per-
haps a great deal of the money was spent
necessarily. But I do claim and I do insist
that we ought to profit by that experience,
and that now in a time of peace we ought not
to waste the public money in appropriations
for subjects which are not yet fully developed.
The committee itself had before it scientific
men who differed wholly in regard to the
capacity of these boats. Experiments are
being made both by the Army and by the
Navy as to the use of torpedoes. They are
likely to become a very formidable engine and
objects of great protection to our large sea-
port cities. I have voted liberally for these
experiments, both in regard to the Army aud
the Navy. Three hundred thousand dollars
have been given to the Army, and a large
amount is given to the Navy in this very bill;
but I say let us make haste slowly and see the
resnlt of these experiments before we under-
take to make an appropriation like this for
the manufacture of vessels whose utility can-
not at this present time be ascertained. No
man goes further than I do to embrace im-
provements and to vote liberally to avail our-
selves of all that science is developing. I
desire my own country to take an advanced
position in regard to liberal appropriations to
ascertain what can be accomplished by the use
of torpedoes. My objection to this appropria-
tion is that this is not the time, and 1 hope the
honorable chairman of the committee, my
friend from California, [Mr. Cole,] will agree
to let this whole item be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,_ (Mr. Har-
lan in the chair.) The first question is on the
amendment of the Senator from California
[Mr. Cole] to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have but one word to
say in relation to this amendment. I deem
it the most important appropriation in this
bill—indeed, more important than any appro-
priation that is made in any of the bills before
Congress. It is iu the direction of economy.
It is for the purpose of applying a new prin-
ciple in science to the destructive elements of
war, and in an economical point of view. The
purchase of the right to use these torpedoes
and the principle involved would probably, if
carried out, as it is reasonably expected,
change the whole theory and practice of the
construction of war vessels; and instead of
requiring millions of mouey to build mammoth
vessels, the successful establishmunt of this
principle will bring about the construction of
smaller craft at much less expense than has
been known iu the history of the construction
of vessels of war.
The $300,000 that was appropriated for the
Army was for material. It was for material to
practice experiments that have been found out
recently. The torpedo system commenced at
Sebastopol in 1856 and has been experimented
upon by all the civilized nations of the world
from that time to this. This amendment is
practically in the direction of strict economy,
using the least expensive material for the
most destructive results. I trust the Senate
will not listen to the false economy suggested
by the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, the trou-
ble about the amendment and the position of
those who defend it is that it assumes some-
thing, which is so far from being determined,
that I think the weight of scientific judgment is
against it; that is, it assumes that the torpedo-
boat is the only or at least the best made of
using this new force of which the Senator from
Rhode Island has just spoken so strongly. So
far as I understand the matter, and 1 should
say that I have not studied it perhaps as my
colleague has studied it, or as the Senator
from Rhode Island has done—the question
that lies at the threshbold and is yet to be
settled, is precisely the question whether the
torpedo boat ever can be made the best means
of using the power of the torpedo. So great a
man iu his peculiar line as Ericsson,! sup-
pose the most eminent naval inventor of this
or of any other age, is on one side of that
controversy, and a number of gentlemen far
less known to fame, although they may be
equally meritorious for aughi I know, are on
the other.
The first thing, it seems to me, is to settle
the question as to what is the best mode of
employing the power of the torpedo. When
we have done that, it will be time enough for
us to think of appropriating money to get the
control of that best mode, whatever it may be.
I do not understand the hurry to appropriate
$150,000 for the best torpedo-boat under the
circumstances which I have stated. The inclin-
ation of my mind is to believe that the torpedo-
boat is an impracticable mode of using torpe-
does. I state but one reason that will be
readily understood by all. The torpedo-boat
presents a surface more or less exposed to
view and to attack. The Senate will perceive
that the amendment does not speak of a sub-
merged vessel. The torpedo-boat, as gener-
ally understood by non-scientific persons—in
which class I place myself, of course—is a boat
in the ordinary sense of the word; that is, it
projects to a certain extent, more or less,
above the surface of the water. Of course it
is exposed to the vigilance of the foe and to
immediate destruction by a single well-aimed
shot from the heavy ordnance now in use.
I think wo had better wait to find out first
whether the torpedo is likely to supercede
fortifications, and next, what is the best mode
of applying that defensive force, so far as can
be ascertained by modern science. If there
were experiments made which if known to us
here would sustain this amendment, wo should
have been referred to some report. There
being so much difference of opinion among
men best qualified to speak in the Army and
in the Navy and in civil life, and as I should
say the balance, at least in my opinion, of
scientific judgment being very much on one
side, rather than on the side of this amendmeut,
I think the suggestion ofthe Senator from Ken-
tucky is eminently proper, and the whole
amendment should be stricken out.
We can afford to wait. We are not in any
immediate danger of having our ports visited
by armed vessels of war with hostile intent.
Nothing is easier than to make a mistake in
the present imperfect condition of our knowl-
edge on the subject. One hundred and fifty
thousand dollars, provided by this amendment
to pay for a mere mode of using a torpedo, had
a great deal better be applied upon further
experiments to ascertain which is the proper
mode.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, if I under-
stand this question, this appropriation, intro-
duced on the naval appropriation bill coming
from the House of Representatives, is recom-
mended by the Committee on Appropriations
of the Senate. Having been out on a com-
mittee, I came in while the Senator from Ken-
tucky was speaking; and I may be mistaken ;
but if I am right in my understanding, permit
me to say, sir, to you and to the Senate that
when the Appropriation Committee of the Sen-
ate add to the naval appropriation bill a clause
of this kind, the Senate may feel perfectly safe
in voting for it. That is my experience, for I
know of no gentlemen who have done their
duty more thoroughly and efficiently in pre-
venting appropriations which could be dis-
pensed with than the Committee on Appro-
priations of the Senate and its distinguished
chairman. It would be sufficient to me on
walking into the Senate without knowing the
question, to sustain my vote for an appropria-
tion, that the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations in the Senate advocated it.
But another word, sir, in reference to what
