1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
that in the main because they are provided for
by treaty stipulations, and then this proviso
authorizes the President to divert them entirely
from the purposes tor which they are appro-
priated, entirely from the fulfillment of the
treaty stipulations, and do whatsoever he shall
see tit to do with them, provided it is for the
benefit of the various Indian tribes or some
Indian tribe. I know there is a proviso that the
consent of the tribes, "expressed in the usual
manner," is to be obtained to this diversion.
It seems to me we might as well appropriate
the whole amount for the Indian service in one
lump if we adopt this provision, and let it be
expended in the discretion of the President.
What is the use of talking about making
appropriations to fulfill treaties, and making
them because we are under obligation to fulfill
those treaties, although we might think really
that the treaties ought to have been put an
end to long ago—what is the use of making
these appropriations if we are to put in a
sweeping clause at the end of the bill that all
appropriations in order to fulfill treaties may
be diverted from that purpose and given to the
benefit of any Indians that the President may
see fit to benefit ?
It seems to me, sir, that the proviso is far
more potent than all that is in the bill before
on the subject of these appropriations. We
might as well strike out at once what there is
about the fulfillment of treaties, for really it
comes to this: that we appropriate so much
money and so many goods, and authorize the
President to apply the money and the goods
to the fulfillment of our treaties or not to their
fulfillment, just as the President in his discre-
tion may see fit. That is just what it comes to.
It seems to me that that is a very loose way
of voting away the money of the country. I
think it would be pretty safe to say that it will
amount to one half the appropriations in this
bill. I do not know exactly how much money
is appropriated by this bill. Will the Senator
from Minnesota please to tell me 1
Mr. WINDOM. Over $5,400,000.
Mr. THURMAN. I speak without having
added it up; but I should not be a bit sur-
prised if the amount of money covered by
that proviso amouuted to one half of the
whole appropriations in the bill.
Mr. WINDOM. No.
Mr. THURMAN. I should not be a bit
surprised if it amounted to two millions ; but
if it only amounts to one million, what kind
of a mode of appropriating money is this?
You appropriate one million or two million
dollars to fulfill your treaty obligations, and
then say to the President, " Use it for that
purpose or not as you please, or you may do
anything else you please, provided it is for the
benefit of some Indians." I, for one, think
that ought to be stricken out, but the amend-
ment was agreed to. Whenever it is in order,
I should feel disposed to move to strike out
that whole proviso as amended. I do not
know that it would be in order now. I sup-
pose we are goiDg through with the committee's
amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will have the opportunity in the Senate
to make such a motion.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. President, the objec-
tion urged by the Senator from Ohio, applies
evidently to the bill as it came from the House,
not to the amendment as offered by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly; it is not to
the amendment that I am making objection. I
Mr. WINDOM. The Committee on Appro-
priations simply sought to throw a safeguard j
over the exercise of this power by requiring
the President to report each instance of diver- !
sion of funds to Congress at its next session.
The object of the provision as passed by the !
House I understand to be this: there are
many appropriations in this bill for teachers,
millers, carpenters, physicians, and other per-
sons who are of very little use to the Indians,
and it would be a very great benefit to the
Indians, if, instead of paying this money for
hiring blacksmiths and carpenters when black-
smiths and carpenters are not needed, there
were discretionary power vested in the Presi-
dent to use that money, with the consent of
the Indians, for other purposes.
It is possible that this House provision may
be too sweeping, for I notice that it says " and
for various articles provided for by treaty stip-
ulation," which I suppose would cover nearly
all the articles provided for in the treaties ex-
cept money, and I do not know but that it woald
coverthat. Butthe object was simply to prevent
the application of money that would be of no
use to the Indians, and prevent its being paid
to officers they do not need, and to authorize
the President to pay it over to them instead in a
manner which would be of some service to
them. The treaties require it to be appropri-
ated for this purpose; and unless there be
some very serious objection in the line pointed
out by the Senator from Ohio, I think it would
be a vast benefit to the Government to have
this done. Perhaps the provision should be
further modified, however.
Mr. THURMAN. It amounts just to this:
if there is just cause for making these appro-
priations to fulfill our treaty obligations, if
there are the tribes in existence with whom we
have the treaties, and they have a just claim
! upon us for the appropriations contained in
this bill, then there ought to be no discretion
! vested in anybody to divert the appropriations
from the purpose of fulfilling that treaty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It provides " with the
consent of the Indians."
Mr. THURMAN. I know that, Mr. Presi-
dent; but I am not in favor of allowing some
Indian agent out there to say that he has got
the consent of the Indians, thus changing the
treaty made with that body.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Neither am I.
Mr. THURMAN. If we change it in this
way, they have a claim on us afterward. If
they are to give away what they are entitled
to, I want them to give it away in a formal
manner that shall protect their interests as
well as the honor of the Government; not
give it away on a report made by some Indian
i agent that he has got their consent " in the
usual manner." What is meant by that, I
confess, I do not know. If I were to repeat
what people say about "the usual manner,"
it would not be very creditable to some of the
persons engaged in it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It would be much better
to have it in an unusual manner. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. I think so. I would
like it very much better had in an unusual man- j
ner. But, sir, if there is a necessity for going
further than fulfilling our treaty stipulations
and appropriating a sum in gross, to be used
at the discretion of the President for the bene-
fit of the Indians, then name a sum ; put it
down in black and white how much money it
is you are willing to put into the hands of any-
body to be used at his discretion for what he
thinks may be for the benefit of the Indians.
When it is put down in that way in the bill it
will be more than a million, and then it will
be for Congress to say whether they are williug
to put any such amount in the hands of the
President to be used in his discretion j and
when I say that, I mean bo disrespect to him;
he cannot tell how this money is to be used;
he can only give general directions, and it
goes down into the hands of a set of subordin-
ates, from one tQ another, until it gets into
very bad quarters, according to a very general
belief. Sir, I do not think we ought to appro-
priate money in that way.
Mr. WINDOM. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator a question. Suppose that one of these
treaties provides for the. payment of $500 for
an engineer for a certain tribe of Indians and
they have no necessity for an engineer?
Mr. THURMAN. Then I would not appro-
priate the $500.
Mr. WINDOM. But the treaty requires it.
Mr. THURMAN. If they have no neces-
sity for an engineer I would not appropriate
the money, because then the treaty cannot be
executed.
Mr. WINDOM. That is the question on
which I wanted the opinion of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. When a treaty becomes
impossible of execution because the benefi-
ciaries of the treaty, or one of the parties to it,
have gone out of existence, or no use ean be
made of the money according to the treaty,
then we are under no obligation to appropriate
the money.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think yon can
find an Indian treaty in which we have agreed
to pay the Indians anything for a teacher, or a
miller, or a blacksmith, or an engineer, or a
carpenter, or a physician, or "another per-
son," as this bill states. According to these
treaties, as I had occasion to know when I had
the honor to be on the Committee on Appro-
priations, from which I am happy to say I have
been relieved by the pleasure of the Senate, a
careful examination will show that the obliga-
tions of the United States are to do something
instead of to pay something; that is to say, we
are to furnish—that is the substance of it—a
teacher in a particular place. Now, if it turns
out in the particular instance this year that
there are no Indians there to be taught, that
there are no children to go to school, it is no
breach of fuith not to furnish the money to pay
a teacher that you cannot employ. I suppose
nobody would say that it was. Just so with
all these other easas. not to take up time to
enumerate them. Therefore, our obligation
being to do a particular thing, if the state of
circumstances is such .that that thing cannot
be beneficially or effectually done, we are un-
der no obligation to set up a mere sham and
spend tbe public money to do no good to the
Indians or ourselves either. I am sore nobody
will disagree with me about that. Therefore
I think it would be wiser to strike out this whole
proviso altogether, the text of the House bill
and the amendment as well, in order to leave
the simple appropriations in the ordinary way.
And then, if the executive department of the
Government, which is bound to protect the
public interests, finds that a teacher or a black-
smith is not needed and cannot be justly and
honestly employed in a particular place, they
will not employ him. If they do employ him
in a place where he ought not to be employed,
then they must take the responsibility of an-
swering for it. If it is in order, I move to
strike out the whole paragraph.
Mr. THURMAN. That ia right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will entertain the motion.
Mr. CORBJSTT. I concur with the Senator
from Ohio and the Senator from Vermont.
This bill consists of specific appropriations
to carry out treaty stipulations; and if those
treaties need amendment, let them be amended.
If you desire to do away with a blacksmith or
a miller, let him be done away with by aa
agreement with the Indians. The very object
that the Senator from Vermont desires to
secure, namely, to do away with general appro-
priations, will be defeated by the adoption of
this provision. Now, as (be law stands, we
make specificappropriations for certain things.
If you allow the agents to divert this fund, you
leave them such latitude as will permit the
funds to be diverted to improper purposes.
I think the suggestion of the Senator from
Vermont is a proper one, that this whole
clause should be stricken out. A similar pro-
vision, I think, was stricken out last year.
As the bill came from the House then, some-
thing similar to this was proposed and the
Senate struck it out. I think this should be
stricken out also.
Mr. COLE. It is well enough for Senators
to say that if the Indians do uot need a par-
ticular article which is provided in the treaty
