1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1318
right to manufacture a boat connected with
this system of defense, which the Secretary
and which our own knowledge advise us is in its
infancy. That is my objection. We have tor-
pedo-boats. We have given to the Army
$300,000 to experiment in torpedoes. We
have appropriated in this bill a large sum to
carry on these experiments in the Navy. We
had before us in the Committee on Appropria-
tions both the ordnance officer of the Army
and the ordnance officer of the Navy, in order
to have their experience on this subject, and
they themselves now differ as to the best means
of carrying oat this system. I therefore say
that this is the wrong time to appropriate
$150,000 for the purchase of the right to man-
ufacture and use the best self propelling boats,
until we have knowledge enough to know what
sort of a boat will best answer our purpose.
Mr. President, our monitors upon which we
spent so large an amount of money are now
utterly useless in consequence of these torpe-
does; and if this system advances as it has
been developed in the last ten years, an iron
monitor will not be known on the ocean, and
yet we have appropriated millions of dollars
to the construction of those vessels. I yield
to no one in the advocacy of any proposition
to avail ourselves of all that science shall de-
velop for naval defense or for army defense.
AH i say is, that we should- not appropriate
money tor the purchase of the right to use a
boat, when scientific men are at opposite poles
in regard to what character of boat is best.
That is the only objection I have to this propo-
sition. I think it a good one, and therefore I
sincerely hope that this appropriation will be
stricken out of the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I think
if I were called upon to say what_ appropria-
tion should be stricken from this bill, the very
last one that I would strike out would be any-
thing relating to this torpedo system. I look
upon it as our best and most promising means
of naval defense. I think the whole history
of the invention and use of the torpedo proves
this. I know it is so testified to by the Secre-
tary of the Navy and by the best officers of
the Navy. One of the most accomplished
officers of the Navy told me the other day
that if he were a young man, young in the
service, he would prefer to enter into that
department of the service rather than any other
because he believed it was the most useful,
the most effective, and the most powerful.
The amount of money which we appropriate
for all these experiments and for the whole of
this torpedo system would not build a vessel
which one of these boats would destroy in a
minute. The amounts which the Senator from
Kentucky enumerated as being sufficient for
this service will all fail or partially fail unless
we have the right to manufacture the best. We
do not wish to manufacture the second best
torpedo boat; we want the very best.
If we wait, until all scientific men shall decide
which is the very best, we shall wait forever.
Scientific men never decide unanimously upon
anything. There are some very good scientific
men who hold now that the sun goes round
the earth. Nothing is settled in science. This
torpedo - system is constantly improving. If
we get the best now and it shall be superseded
next year by a better, then get the better, and
so on. We must constantly have means of
defense, and those means will constantly be
superseded by superior means of defence as
the inventive genius of the country produces
them. ,
Mr. President, I do not like to state ail the
reasons why I think we ought to pass this
appropriation and all the appropriations that
are called for, for torpedoes. I believe that
these torpedoes are essential to the detense ot
the country and are our best means of naval
defense now.
Mr. MACHEN. I propose to ask a ques-
tion of the chairman of the committee in
reference to the character of the vessel which
42d Oong. 3d Sess.—No. 83.
he proposes to purchase. The Senator from
Rhode Island states that scientific gentlemen
are not the proper parties to decide as to the
character of the vessel to be bought. I should
like to know from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations where he proposes
to find the intelligent men who can determine
this question with propriety?
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I hold in my
hand a letter signed by the Secretary of the
Navy, of late date, addressed to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, asking for this appro-
priation in the following language :
" In view of the necessity of having torpedo-boats
which oan be guided and operated from a vessel,
boat, or the shore, I have the honor to request that
an amendment may be added to the pending naval
appropriation bill, or to bo embodied in a separate
bill, as follows."
Then follows the amendment which is in the
bill. But, sir, we did not rely wholly upon
this letter in moving this appropriation. The
Secretary of the Navy was before the com-
mittee and also Admiral Case who has charge
of this branch of the service, and other officers,
both of the Army and Navy, who explained
to the committee the advautage and uses of
this arm of public defense.
I will say in answer to the question of the
Senator from Kentucky that the kind of boats
is not described, nor can it be. They are
boats that are to be, I think, nearly and almost
entirely submerged. They are a small ap-
paratus. Bach one perhaps would cost but a
few thousand dollars; I do not know liow
much ; but they are that description of boats
that are to be provided if this amendment
bOOvO*
I will add that the very character of this
branch of the service renders it necessary that
it should be treated by our Government rather
quietly, and it would be better for us if we
enjoyed this means of defense or attack and
no other nation enjoyed the same means of
defense or attack ; it would give us a decided
advantage ; and I suppose, without stating it
as a fact, that the Secretary of the Navy and
other officers of that Department desire to be
in possession of a weapon of defense or attack
which will be exclusively for the use of this
Government, and I think it is looking to such
an end that this appropriation is asked.
I only rose to make this explanation and
to call attention to the letter of the Secretary
of the Navy and to the fact that other officers
had come before the committee. I will say in
answer to the Senator from Kentucky that I
cannot describe the kind of boats that are to
be used. If they were publicly described, of
course we should not desire to buy any right
to use them.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Senator from
Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony] wholly misun-
derstood me if he supposed that I was opposed
to the torpedo system. I have already shown
by my votes that I approved of most that he
said; but here is the point of difference, and
that point the Senator did not touch: take
two scientific men; take Mr. Ericsson and
Mr. Leigh, and they differ widely in their
opinions in regard to this system. They are
both regarded as standing at the very head ot
the profession. Now, why should we make
an appropriation for the right to use or man-
ufacture a torpedo-boat until we know what
sort of a boat it is that we require? Mr.
Leigh is on one line; Mr. Ericsson on an-
other. Mr. Leigh says if you make this
appropriation it will be useless; Mr. Ericsson
says if you make that appropriation it will be
useless. Now, before we undertake to appro-
priate the people's money to schemes of this
sort, having already appropriated half a mil-
lion for experiments, before we purchase the
right to manufacture and to use a boat let us
know what sort of a boat it is} and lot us
bring it to the standard of scientific experi-
ment and scientific experience.
Mr. NYE. 1 desire to say but a very few
tyords in regard to this appropriation. Ihis
subject has received very mature deliberation
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, of
which I have the honor to be a member. If
it were not for the peculiar logic-of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky who has just taken his seat,
I should say nothing.
The history of torpedoes in our own country
is one that is fresh within the recollection of
all of us. We have suffered by them ; we
have triumphed with them. I remember the
time, and so do you, sir, when the pulse of
this nation stood literally still over the threat-
ened ravages of the Albemarle, when the Sen-
ate would not have hesitat-ed to vote $5,000,000,
and given it with the greatest freedom and
counted it econemy, to blow up the Albemarle.
Senators are not unaware of what then oc-
curred, and the world is not. A stripling of a
boy in the Navy—although if he is old in pro-
portion to the events he made to transpire, he
is older than Methuselah—took a torpedo,
with four or five volunteers, and he blew up
the Albemarle so high that gravitation did not
operate on it. [Laughter.] That was a pretty
cheap implement of war; an implement that
was saving in its character and salvation to
our seashore towns. Therefore, the experi-
ment of torpedoes is no longer doubtful. The
torpedo has become a known and settled im-
plement in war.
In olden times the old fusee or musket was
a good gun, and so was the old blunderbuss;
but if a man was killed, it was an accident.
[Laughter.] In modern warfare, stepping
along in the philosophy of the events that
have governed us, we have got a superior
weapon ; and that has been made superior by
experiments, for many of which the Govern-
ment have paid, and for a good many they
have not, till now a man wishes ho was at
home if he stands within a mile range of one
of our guns. So with the torpedo.
Now, sir, I dispute the premises of the
honorable Senator from Kentucky. He says
" wait until science develops it all." I say that
the infancy of a system is just the time when
science is required. The wise heads of Eng-
land, France, and other maritime nations are
bending their energies to perfect this system
of torpedoes, and if we wait until they give it
to us they will blow our Navy so high that it
will never be of use again. This is a prevent-
ive, not a remedy. The system of torpedoes
is old in itself, but is as far from perfection as
was your musket or your cannon. To perfect
the system, to bring our science and skill to
bear upon the system, is what this little ap-
propriation is asked for. Sir, you cannot use
the world's brains unless you encourage them.
I hope, therefore, that the good sense of the
Senate will see that this request is not only
modest, but a necessity. If you are prudent
men, perfect this system of defense, and the
nation that is prudent will early guard its
defenses, and not stumble over an appropri-
ation of $100,000.
But the honorable Senator from Kentucky
says we have made large appropriations for
the Navy. A torpedo does not constitute a
navy. The Navy stands on its own bottom,
and it is as distinct from a torpedo force, ex-
cept as they learn to use it, as the construc-
tion of a cart is from a piece of ordnance.
The man who knows how to construct ships
and build them well, does not necessarily
know any more about a torpedo than a lands-
man like myself. But, sir, we have ascer-
tained it to be a tact that this experiment is
necessary. If we can be In advance of the
naval world upon this question, in the lead in
this science, then we shall have achieved a
victory which belongs to the American char-
acter, and we shall not always be trailing in
the wake of others or fishing behind the nets
of others, as the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky would seem to intimate that we must.
I hope this little appropriation will pass-. It
is required by the Navy Department, and it
seems to me if a man has but hall an eye left
