1314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
he will see that prudence dictates this little
expenditure, that our harbors may be safe and
our property secure from the ravages of an
invading ship.
Mr. STOCKTON obtained the floor.
iMr. PRATT. I should like to inquire from
ray friend the Senator from Nevada whether
this $150,000 which is appropriated is exclu-
sively for the purchase of the patent-right, the
invention ?
Mr. NYE. It is for the purpose of making
the experiment, to see whether this right is
better than anybody else's. Of course we are
to build the best boat, and I believe it is
pretty generally conceded, I will say sub rosa
to my friend from Indiana, that this is the best
one.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President 
Mr. CASSERLY. If my friend from New
Jersey will allow me, I think the Senator from
Nevada is mistaken. This appropriation is
not for the purpose of making experiments,
because that subject of the experiments and
the cost of them is provided for by other ap
propriations, amounting in the aggregate 1
think to three or four hundred thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. NYE. I will read just what the bill
does say.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall be through in
one moment. This is a separate question in-
volved in this amendment entirely; that is,
whether we shall appropriate $150,000, not for
experiments, I remark to the Senator from
Indiana, but precisely for the object specified
in the amendment; that is, the purchase of
the right to manufacture and use a certain
mode of employing torpedoes. It is not to
make experiments. It is to buy a particular
patent for a particular mode of using the tor-
pedo.
Mr. NYE. A single word, with the permis-
sion of the Senator from New Jersey. The
Senator from California has very nice optics
when he sees a patent-right in this proposi-
tion. We have certain torpedoes now—torpe-
does that are propelled by power within them-
selves, and torpedoes of various kinds; but
we have not any self-propelhtig boats that can
be carried out to sea for the purposes of the
general engagement or used from shipboard
on the attacking fleet or defendiug fleet; and
I confess it is to try an experiment as to that
kind of boat that this appropriation is made.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will send up the amend-
ment to the Clerk to be read for the informa-
tion of the Senator from Indiana as the only
answer I wish to make to the last statement
of the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. STOCKTON. As I have the floor, if
the Senator from California will permit me, I
will read that amendment myself. If he would
prefer to hear the Clerk read it, I shall make
no objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think that will settle
the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from New Jersey was recognized, but the
Chair understood him to yield to the Senator
from California.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ought to say that I
rose at the same time with the Senator from
New Jersey and understood that the Senator
from New Jersey, with his usual unfailing
courtesy, yielded the floor to me. If he wishes
to reclaim it now before I have got done with
it, of course I have nothing to say.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not wish to reclaim
the floor at all. I wished to save the Clerk the
trouble of reading the amendmeut twice. I
was about to rise to read the amendment and
to explain my views of it; but I have no objec-
tion to the Senator from California taking any
course that is agreeable to him.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will ask the Clerk,
then, to read the amendment, so that all mem-
bers may understand how right I was in my
statement, and how wrong the Senator from
Nevada has been all the time in his statement.
Mr. NYE. They will not see any such
thing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
For the purchase of the right to manufacture and
use the best self-propelling torpedo-boats, capable
of being guided and operated from a vessel, boat,
or the shore, $150,000.
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course, that means
a patent-right: it cannot mean anything else.
Mr. STOCKTON. The object I had in ask-
ing the Senator from California to permit me
to read the amendment, instead of the Clerk,
was to call his attention to one word in it
which I think answers the objections that have
been made by other Senators on the floor, and
answers the point he has made most fully and
most completely. The Senator from Nevada
who was addressing the Senate on the other
side of the question said that this was by way
of experiment, which was denied by the Sen-
ator from California, who insisted that it was
for a particular method; and the Senator from
Kentucky took the same view, that we were
to buy a patent-right, a particular method of
torpedo-boats, before we ever tried the experi-
ment. Now, in that point of view let me read
the amendment:
For the purchase of the right to manufacture and
use the best self-propelling torpedo-boats.
"The best." What patent is the best?
Have they patented the best self-propelling
/orpedo-boat in the Patent Office here? Whose
latent is it ? Senators say Mr. Ericsson has
one way, and somebody else has another, and
scientific men have not agreed. Where is this
§150,000 to go? To the best self-propelling
torpedo-boat. Suppose the whole $150,000
is spent m ascertaining which one is the best,
and the officers of your Department come back
to Congress and say "We could not find out
which one was the best," would that be a
waste of money?
If this amendment was submitted to the
Committee on Naval Affairs it must have been
at some time when I was detained from that
committee on other business, for this is the
first I have seen of it. As I said when I spoke
before, ruy first attraction was the advocacy
of it by the Committee on Appropriations,
who, I had heard and knew, had had before
them • gentlemen explaining these different
methods. Now, I understand the whole ob-
ject of this appropriation is that the very best
method of applying torpedo-boats shall be
adopted, to the extent of that very small and
reasonable amount, in our Navy. Why should
any gentleman object to that?
Mr. President, there are few gentlemen in
the Senate, it seems to me, to whom I reply
so frequently as my distinguished and honored
friend, the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Stevenson,] and I have tried to think why it
was that 1 always felt like replying to him
when I found he was wrong. The reason is
that his mind is so entirely honest and sound
that I hate to see him wrong. There is noth-
ing that gives me more dissatisfaction in the
Senate than to see a man whom I respect so
much, and whose mind is so often right, get
wrong ; and when he talks about a matter
which I think I know a little more about, I
feel inclined to get up and give him the ben-
efit of my reflections on that subject.
Now, I say to the Senator from California
and to the Senator from Kentucky, and I
appeal to gentlemen who have been on both
sides of this last unfortunate civil war, to sus-
tain me in the' fact, that day after day and
hour after hour, toward the close of that war,
this torpedo question became more and more
important. And now what are we to do ?
What is the position of the Senator from
Kentucky? He tells us: " You are asked, Sen-
ator^, you are asked, members of Congress, to
vote awiiy the people's money to the amount
of $150,000 in getting a torpedo-boat before
you have found out which is the very besttor-
pedo-boat." Sir, there never was an advance
made in science, there never was an advance
made in naval architecture, there never was
an advance made in the art of war, that was
made by waiting until somebody decided which
was the very best plan. The nation that waits
and takes no means itself to ascertain what is
best will be behind the whole world.
It seems but yesterday that it was admitted
by the whole world that any steam fleet could
go into New York harbor in spite of all the
protection that heavy guns could give. Theu
the old forts and stone walls were torn down,
and it was found that the simple digging of
earth was the best protection against the
heaviest guns. Then it was said no guns are
so heavy that you cannot sheet a vessel with
iron and protect her ; if six plates will not do
ten will ; and if ten are too much and too
heavy, and keep her from being active and
buoyant, make your vessel larger, and she will
carry twenty, and you can make her so that
she will resist any shot. The distinguished
gentleman referred to by the Senator from
Kentucky, Mr. Ericsson, in the middle of the
war came forward with his floating batteries all
of iron. The effect of the heavy shot of the
enemy may be seen on them now as they are
lying here in your navy-yard. The instant it
was ascertained that those vessels were sheathed
so heavy, the active mind of inventors and those
who had an interest in this matter went for-
ward, and the guns were made heavier, the
charges were made heavier ; and to day the
question still remains unsolved and disputed
in military and naval circles, whether the power
of defense or the power of attack is the greatest.
I mention this simply as matter of history
that every one knows, to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that when the Commit-
tee on Appropriations report an amendment
here "for the purchase of the right to manu-
facture and use the best self-propelling tor-
pedo boats capable of being guided and oper-
ated from a vessel, boat, or the shore, $150,-
000," it is not unwise to give that sum to the
Navy Department for that purpose.
Senators may say to me, " What is thebest ?
Who is to decide?" The Senator from Ken-
tucky, judging from his argument, would want
the Senate to decide. I should be very sorry
to be called upon to decide that question in my
place in the Senate, for I do not know ; and I
know there are other Senators around me who
do not feel competent to decide which is the
best torpedo-boat. I do not know that I ever
saw a torpedo that was charged. I have no
knowledge whatever on the subject, Mem-
bers of Congress certainly do not propose to
be themselves the judges of torpedoes, and
which is the best.
Mr. President, I have said before from my
place in the Senate, on these very naval appro-
priation bills, that in voting the appropriations
recommended by the officers of that Depart-
ment, as well as of every other Department,
where they seem to me to be just and right, I
held them strictly accountable for what they
did. If the Secretary of the Navy spend this
$150,000 on any other torpedo-boat but the
best, the Secretary of the Navy and his ad-
visers in the Navy suffer that much, in the
judgment of the people, in their reputation.
The Secretary of the Navy will obtain the
advice of the heads of his various bureaus
who have knowledge in connection with this
subject, and he will act accordingly. He is re-
sponsible. The President is responsible for his
appointment. This is an executive duty which
one man must perform, taking advice from
those who surround him and who are his
proper aud legal advisers. It is not a question
for the Senate to decide ; and yet the whole
argument of the Senator from Kentucky and
the_ Senator from California is, that we are
voting §150,000 without first finding out which
was the best boat. First, I say this is an
appropriation to no boat, to no patent, but the
best; second, I say the judge of the best boat
