1316
THE COtfGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
already at hand, still it might be discovered
that science had not yet exhausted itself, and
that the < iscovery so far made fell short of the
object of the Government, short of the point
ot perfection to which the Government seeks
to attain in the development of this modern
means of warfare. Then forty or fifty thou-
sand dollars would have been in some meas-
ure lost, and again the Government would be
called upon to go forward with the discovery
already had, to the perfection of the project
that they had undertaken to advance. It
would be necessary then to have another effort
and another experiment made, based on that
which had already been ascertained, so as to
result in the improvement of that which science
showed possible of attainment. The amend-
ment contemplates thus going forward in the
perfection of this discovery until that which
, is desired shall be reached, to wit, the per-
fection as far as science and human invention
can reach it of the art of torpedo. It does
occur to me that the argument of the honor-
able Senator falls short upon its face. If it is
true that science is to be consulted, the Gov-
ernment is to use the means which science
places in its hand, and surely for an enterprise
like this, for a discovery like this, $150,000
is no very great sum.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I am
tempted to regret that I said a word on this
subject. My experience of these naval appro-
priation bills ought to have taught me that it
is next to impossible to attempt to reduce any
appropriation without provoking an outburst
of eloquence from both sides of this Chamber
which it is impossible to resist merely as elo-
quence, however wanting it may be in argu-
ment; and upon this occasion that has been
more strongly exemplified than usual.
The gentlemen who have sustained this
amendment have a great deal to say about the
torpedo as a destructive force in war. No-
body denies that; and yet I suppose, torpedo-
fashion, they felt bound to go on and blow up
all their opponents. It was not worth while
to arraign anybody who spoke against this
amendment for opposition to the introduction
of the torpedo. We are all agreed about that.
Nobody doubts that. If this new destructive
force has anything like the merits claimed for
it, it must to a great extent supersede costly
fortifications and render the formidable arm-
ored ships of Europe almost innoxious as far
as our harbors are concerned.
£Tot a single Senator who has spoken for
this amendment has touched the real point
of the objection made by the Senator from
Kentucky, not now in his seat, [Mr. Steven-
son,] and myself. What was that objection?
To those who listened to us I need not slate
it. To the many Senators who have spoken
who evidently did not hear us, or either of us,
it is necessary to say that the objection of the
Senator from Kentucky and my own objection
was not to the torpedo, but to this amendment,
because it mideftoolf to adopt a particular
mode of employing the torpedo as a destruct-
ive force. And will any man say that such
an objection is not well founded? Not one
single Senator who has spoken, even of those
who have spoken most earnestly in fqvor of
the amendment, has ventured to say that it is
settled that the torpedo-boat is the best mode
oi employing the torpedo. We know as a
matter of fact that the controversy whether
the boat, more or less above the surface of the
water, is the best mode of employing the tor-
pedo, or whether the submerged process is the
best mode is still raging, still unsettled. We
all know that there are great names on each
side. We do not claim that Congress should
settle that question; but what I say is, that
until it is settled, whether the boat or the sub-
merged torpedo is the true form of employing
this destructive force, it is not a proper thing
to appropriate $150,000 to be expended ypon
one of the two. forms proposed by the men
best acquainted with the subject.
The attempt of the Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Nye] and the Senator from New Jersey
next to me [Mr. Stockton] to show that the
amendment of the committee provided for
money to be appropriated in making exper-
iments, I think 1 need not take much time in
answering. The amendment speaks for itself.
Senators are perfectly well aware that we have
in other bills appropriated moneys for experi-
mental purposes. After we have made those
experiments, then the Government will be in a
condition to determine whether the torpedo-
boat or the submerged torpedo is the better
mode of using this force, all things considered.
When that is done, this appropriation to enable
the Government to get the control of the best
mode of using the torpedo will be appropriate.
This amendment, I repeat, provides for
spending $150,000, or up to that sum, to en-
able the Government to control the right to
manufacture and use the best self-propelling
torpedo-boat. It entirely ignores the submerged
torpedo. Why is that? Are we legislating in
the interest of one set of inventors rath.er than
another? Of course not. We are legislating
here for the best interest of the country, and
the best interest of the country is that the
Government, when it does adopt a mode of
using the torpedo, shall adopt the very best
mode and no other. The Secretary of the
Navy Department will have to be trusted with
that subject. I do not say that we should wait
until the whole world is informed as to the
best mode of employing the torpedo. Govern-
ments generally do not wait so long as that.
Our Government is not waiting for that.
Our Government is already engaged in making
experiments. It has been so engaged for at
least two years, probably three. A good deal
of money has been spent for the purpose. It
has been all appropriated, except in a single
instance in my recollection, without any serious
objection from this side of the Chamber ; and
Senators simply waste their breath who depre-
cate or condemn opposition to the expendi-
ture of $150,000j>as though it was opposition
to spending the money necessary to make the
proper experiments as to what form of using
the torpedo is the better one. No such opposi-
tion has been made. None was made to the
large amounts appropriated in different bills
at this session and the last session for the pur-
pose of trying those experiments. And all
that was said upon that point by way of cen-
sure trom members of the minority here was
entirely beside the question. It was just as
much beside the question as all that was said
in favor of the torpedo system. We have no
controversy with any Senator in this Chamber
on that point.
Our controversy is, what is the best mode
of giving effect to the torpedo system. Is it
by a boat above the water, or is it by a sub-
marine vessel of some sort? That is the
question and the only question, and not a Sen-
ator who has spoken in favor of this amend-
ment has undertaken to assert that the Gov-
ernment has any information in its possession
to-day that enables it to decide that question ;
and yet here is an amendment which practi-
cally does decide that question by appropriat-
ing $150,000 to enable the Government to
control a patent-right for one mode of using
the torpedo.
Mr, SPKAGUE. Mr. President, the Navy
Department have had experiments going on
in relation to torpedoes for several years.
They have noiy under instruction naval officers
studying into this question who, in connection
with scientific men and inventors, have arrived
at certain conclusions, and those conclusions
are embraced in the request they make of
Congress for this appropriation. Before the
Committee on Appropriations there have
appeared gentlemen who have this business
in pharge, and they haye impressed the com-
mittee with the fact that this small appro-
priation will enable therp to carry forward
experiments wlpch they have already been
proceeding with to such an extent that tlu-y
believe success to be practicable; and it'they
succeed the Committee on Appropriations
believe $2,000,000 will be saved in the future
construction of men-of-war.
In answer to the suggestion of the Senator
from California, [Mr. Casserly,] that we
ought to know whether this money is to be
used for stationary torpedoes, or movable tor-
pedoes, or torpedoes of another character, all
the committtee have to say is that all kinds of
torpedoes are used. And in reference to sta-
tionary torpedoes, there is an appropriation
which has already passed both Houses of Con
gress coming from the War Department, which
will reduce the expenditures for fortifications
and land defenses hereafter. This is for the
Navy. It is to be used in offensive and defensive
warfare, and all that the committee have to say
in relation to this subject is that from the best
evidence before them, and the highest recom-
mendation which they can get is from the
Navy Department and the officers under it,
and the information otherwise obtained, they
recommend this as the most economical
appropriation that can be made upon the
naval bill. I trust that the proposition of
the Senator from Kentucky will not prevail,
and that this amendment, as it was reported
by the committee, will meet the approbation
of the Senate.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Pres-
ident, I desire to vote understandingly on this
proposition. I have listened attentively to the
discussion as it has progressed. I have hpard
the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Sprague]
to whom I always listen with great pleasure,
because his remarks are always practical and
to the point; and if I understand him, the
condition of this whole subject is this: the
Navy Department have been engaged for some
time past in arriving at some results respecting
the torpedo system; it has examined various
designs connected with this torpedo business,
and is about arriving at results, and it desires
this appropriation of $150,000 to continue the
experiments.
I observe from this bill that there are already
appropriated by it in the neighborhood of
$120,000 for experiments in this matter ; and
that after doing that then $150,000 is appro-
priated to purchase a right, not for the pur-
pose of experimenting, as I understand this
clause of the bill, and that is what strikes me
as so surprising; but after appropriating
$120,000 for experiments upon this great sub-
ject, because it is a great one, and one which
must interest all sections of the country, par-
ticularly the seaboard and all the cities on the
coast, then comes item for the purchase of a
right. We first appropriate large sums of
money for experimental purposes; and then
this item is for the purchase of a right, which
I presume is to be ascertained from the labors
of the Navy Department for the past year or
two, or whatever the time may be. It is for
the purchase of a right and what kind of a
right, and whose right is it that is proposed to
be purchased? If there is anything behind
this matter, let us know it. If there is any
concealment respecting this, let us know it
If there was a general appropriation of $ 150,000
in addition to the sums already appropriated
for the purpose of experimenting on this sub
ject, I should have no objection probably ; but
here after appropriating for experiments is
this appropriation of $150,000 for the purchds-'
of a right. Whose right is it? Is it a right
already established by patent, or is it an
invention in the course of establishment to
be certified by a patent issued by the Gov-
ernment of the United States? The Govern-
ment of the United States are not b >und by
anything of that kind. They can experiment
upon anything and everything, and it is right
that it should be so. If, then, by the lib* r-
ality or generosity of the Government any-
body is to be paid, so be it. I am willing to
pay any person liberally who may project some-
