16
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-BESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 18,
Ho. of Reps.
Expenditures of War of 1812—Mr. Terry.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Johnson's administration, preventing him from
removing persons from office without the con-
sent of the Senate. Has the Senate ever let
go its hold upon the executive power thus
obtained since then? No, sir; for the last
six years it has held on to the control thus
acquired. The Executive is chained fast to
the Senate. The popular body and the people
are powerless to control removals from office.
This control by the Senate is not noticed while
it is in such general accord with th? President.
But it will be felt whenever the President
ceases to be in such accord. Then a President,
even if chosen by a larger popular majority
than the present incumbent, may wish to re-
move from office, under his constitutional
power of removal, for satisfactory reasons, and
find himself powerless to do so. Yet this
House, which represents the people, is asked,
by the admission of Colorado, to now adopt
another great measure toward increasing the,
power of this same Senate, toward enlarging
the preposterous control the minority of the
country has in that body over not only legis-
lation but the action of the Executive.
Mr. Speaker, I am one of those who believe
that for a great country like this, with all its
varieties of climate, production, and people, a
•popular government, to be wise and useful,
must as far as practicable be limited and local-
ized. No man feels more than.I do the dan-
ger and the abuses which must result from the
centralization of all the power of the Govern-
ment here at Washington. But I have come
to feel that these increased Federal powers
are the unavoidable result of the changes in
the condition of the country which have taken
place in the last eighty years, and that .these
daily increasing powers cannot be effectually
checked by returning even to the strictest con-
struction of the Constitution which has at any
time prevailed. To secure limit e'd and local-
ized Government for the future we 'need, I
think, amendments to the Constitution itself
that shall restrict Congress from impairing
vested rights and contracts and restrain it from
private and special legislation, and by local-
izing break up the enormous patronage now
centralized in the hands of the Executive.
It is because I look forward to an increasing
Federal power, it is because I seek to have
such power limited and localized, that I seek
also that so far as it is exercised it sho.uld be
exercised by and for the majority, not the
minority of the people. So thinking I shall
be fyund, while the present system of represent-
ation in the Senate continues, opposed, not
only to the admission of Colorado, but of all
like Territories as States.
Expenditures of War of 1812.
SPEECH OF HON. WILLIAM TERRY,
of virginia,
In the House of Representatives,
January 18, 1873,
On the bill (H. R. No. 235+) providing for recom-
puting the accounts between the United States
and the several States growing out of expenditures
made in the war of 1812.
Mr. TERRY. Mr. Speaker, at the close
of the last session of Congress the Committee
on Military Affairs were entitled to the floor,
and were reporting, and the members thought
when Congress adjourned that the committee
were still entitled to one more hour, in which
I was authorized by the committee to report
House bill No. 2354. The committee expected
to get the additional hour at the commence-
ment of the present session, but the Chair de-
cided that the committee had had its full time.
Hence I have had no opportunity to bring this
bill for settling the claims of the States to in-
terest before the House except under a sus-
pension of the rules, which I did last session,
but several members objecting to the passage
of the bill without debate it was defeated, a
majority, but not two thirds, voting for the
bill. As there is no reasonable probability of
a regular call of the committee this session, I
feel justified, even at the risk of being regarded
rather persistent, in again moving to suspend
the rules and pass the bill. I hope, therefore,
that members will give this subject some at-
tention, that they may be prepared to vote
without debate when the motion shall be made.
I proceed, therefore, without further explan-
ation, to say a few words in relation to House
bill No. 2354, which provides for "the recom-
putation of the accounts between the United
States and the several States growing out of
moneys expended by said States in the war
of 1812-15."
Several of the States and some cities, in the
war of 1812, made advances and expended
money for the benefit of the United States in
arming, equipping, and subsisting their troops
when called into service, and the Govern-
ment undertook to repay the States the money
so expended. After t.he war was oyer the
United States did repay the States the prin-
cipal of the money which they had expended,
but at that time no interest was paid, nor was
any paid until, on March 8, 1825, (Statutes-
at-Large, volume 4, page 132,) Congress passed
an act which authorised the payment of inter-
est due to the State of Virginia, and which
provided as follows:
"That tho proper accounting officers of tho Treas-
ury Department be, and they are hereby, authorized
and directed to liquidate and settle tho claim of tho
State of Virginia against tho United States lor inter-
est upon loans or money borrowed and actually ex-
pended by her for the uso and benefit of tho United
States during the lato war with Great Britain;" and
further directing "that in ascertaining the amount
of interest, as aforesaid due to tho Stute of Virginia
the following rules shall be understood asapplicablo
to and governing tho ease, to wit:
VI. That interest shall not be compntod on any
sum which Virginia has not expended for the use
and benefitof tho United States ns ovidonced by the
amount refunded or repaid to Virginia by tho United
States.
"2. That no interest ,<hall bo paid on any sum on
which alio has not paid interest.
"3. That when the-principu 1 or any part of it has
been paid or reiunded by the United States on money
placed in the hands of Virginia for that purpose, tho
interest: on the sum or suras so paid orrefumlod shall
cease and not be considered as enargeable to tho
United States any longer than up to tho time of
repayment as aforesaid."
Similar bills were passed in aid of the other
States, but I will not refer to them in detail.
It thus clearly appears that the General
Government has recognized her liability for
the advancements made by the States, first, by
the payment of the principal of the debt, and
secondly, by the acts of Congress directing in-
terest to be paid upon the same. And it does
seem to me beyond all kind of decent quibble,
that the only question now requiring consid-
eration is whether the settlements were prop-
erly made, whether the calculations of interest,
and the applications of the partial payments,
were made according to the rules uow_ well
settled and practiced in all courts and in all
business transactions.
Let it be borne in mind that the act of Con-
gress prescribing rules for the settlement of
thepe matters with the States was the act of
the debtor prescribing his own rules for the
settlement of his own liabilities, and that these
acts have been construed and these settlements
made by the agents of the debtor. Hence, if
there has been any error of construction or of
calculation, it comes with rather questionable
propriety from the debtor to seek to derive any
advantage from it. Let it further be remem-
bered that the only redress the States have, if
errors have been committed and injustice done,
is by an act of Congress.
There is no other tribunal to which they can
resort, and this fact ouly adds to the obliga-
tions of the Government, to observe and dis-
charge, with the most scrupulous good faith,
her liabilities. Exemption from the power
of coercion to discharge an obligation does not
exempt the Government from the duty of so
doing, and hence no inference to the preju-
dice of the States is to be drawn, either from
the delays that have taken place in these set-
tlements, or from any peculiar phraseology
of the acts of Congress; for when the United
States recognizes a liability and undertakes to
pay it she is bound by every principle of good
faith to do so according to the principles which
have been well established for the settlement
of claims between individuals.
After the passage of the act of March 3,
1825, and before any settlement was made by
the accounting officers of the Treasury, this
act was referred to Mr. Wirt, then Attorney
General, for his opinion as to the right of the
State to interest. The opinion of the Attor-
ney General was an exhaustive discussion of
the whole subject, even under the peculiar
wording of the law, and was unequivocally in
favor of the right to interest. The payment
of interest having been directed by act of Con-
gress and approved by the Attorney General,
it only remained for the settlements to be
made.
The accounting officers of the Treasury, it
seems, had practiced a singular principle of
calculating interest on claims due from the
Government, and even after the opinion of
Mr. Wirt was given they still applied the same
unjust rule to the claim of Virginia and the
other States. That rule was to calculate ■ the
interest on the principal to the time of the
first payment, apply the payment to the prin-
cipal, and the balance constituted a new prin-
cipal upon which interest was calculated to
the second payment, and so on, applying the
payments to the balances of principal until
the whole principal was discharged and the
column of interest thus created was, paid;
whereas the rule laid down in the act of 1858,
which provided for a settlement with the State
of Maryland, and the act in relation to Ala-
bama, which is incorporated into the bill now
before the House, prescribes for the calcula-
tion of interest the mode which is now recog-
nized in individual transactions or debts due
the Government, namely, that interest shall
be calculated on the principal to the date of
payment; if the payment exceed the interest
which had accrued to that time, the interest
was added to the principal and the payment
subtracted from the sum, and so on, until the
whole principal and interest be paid, thus con-
verting the interest which had accrued to the
time of payment into an interest-bearing fund.
Debts due the Government are settled upon
this principle, and why should she be exempt
from the operation of a rule which she applies
to her debtors ; and will any member advocate
a different one 1
Not only is this rule just and well-estab-
lished, but the Government has already
adopted it in the act for the relief of Mary-
land in 1857, and also in the eases of Massa-
chusetts, Maine, and Alabama. Upon both
principle and precedent, therefore, the Gov-
ernment is bound to settle on the Maryland
rule with the States of New York, Pennsyl-
vania, Delaware, Virginia, South Carolina,
and the city of Baltimore, and any other
State or city that made advances and the
claims of which have been erroneously set-
tled ; and I trust that no serious opposition
will be made to the passage of this bill, and
thus let us have an end to these long-neglected
claims. It would b<f no answer, if true, but
it is not, that the States have slumbered too
long upon their rights. Not only have the
agents of the States been pressing this matter
upon the Government for many years, but the
Journals of Congress will bear testimony to
the many attempts that have been made to
