1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
353
SARAH SPARKS.
Mr. McGREW introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3331) granting a pension to Sarah Sparks ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
and War of 1812, and ordered to be printed.
public schools in new mexico.
Mr. GALLEGOS introdueed a bill (H. R.
No. 8332) providing for the disposition of
school funds in the Territory of New Mexico*
and organizing a system of public schools;
which was read a firetand second time, referred
to the Committee on Education and Labor,
and ordered to be printed.
land grants in new mexico.
Mr. GALLEGOS also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3333) directing the President to order
the survey at the Government expense of the
land grants made to the eitizens of New
Mexico by tie Spanish and Mexican Govern-
ments; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
development of utah resources.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 3334) to aid in the development
of agriculture and mineral resources of the
Territory of Utah; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
denver, sooth park, and pacific railroad.
Mr. CHAFFEE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3335) granting the right of way over the
public lands to the Denver, Sonth Park, and
Pacific Railway Company, of Colorado; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
denver, georgetown, and utah railroad.
Mr. CHAFFEE also introduced a bill (Q.
K. No. 3336) granting the right of way over
the public lands to the Denver, Georgetown,
and Utah Railroad Company, of Colorado;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
gilpin county, colorado.
Mr. CHAFFEE also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3337) to provide Gilpin county, in
Colorado, with water; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
dakota central railroad.
Mr. ARMSTRONG introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3338) to approve the organization of
the Dakota Central Railroad Company; which
wag read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
margaret clunk.
Mr. ARMSTRONG also introdaced a bill
(H. R. No. 3339) to place upon the pension-
roll the name of Margaret Clune, widow of
the late Colonel W. H. Clune, of the Iowa
sixth volunteer infantry; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
portland, dalles, AND salt lake railroad.
Mr. MERR1TT presented a memorial of
the Idaho Legislature, for aid in the construc-
tion of the Portland, Dalles, and Salt Lake
railroad; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
LandB, and ordered to be printed.
lands in wyoming territory.
Mr. JONES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3840) to amend an act entitled "An act to
withdraw front settlement and ga'e a certain
section of land in Wyoming Territory which
was read a first and second time, referred to
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 23.
the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
land district in wyoming.
Mr. JONES also introdueed a bill (H. R.
No. 3341) to establish a new land district in
the Territory of Wyoming ; which was read a
first aud second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The States and Terri-
tories having been called through for bills on
leave and joint resolutions, they will now be
called for House resolutions and bills for
action at the present time ; and the call rests
with the State of Maine.
credit mobilier investigation.
Mr. FRYE. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Be it resolved by the Bouse of Representatives of
the United, States of America, That the committee of
this House appointed to investigate charges of cor-
ruption in the matter of stock in the Credit Mobi-
lier be, and they are hereby, instructed to continue
such investigation without secrecy as to either their
past or future proceedings.
Mr. POLAND. I rise to a point of order
upon that resolution.
The SPEAKER. What is the point of
i order?
Mr. POLAND. It is that this resolution,
involving a suspension of the rules, is not in
order during the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and resolutions are still in
order from the State of Maine.
i election of president and vice president.
Mr. LYNCH introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 177) proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of w® United States provid-
ing for the election of President and Vice
President of the United States by direct vote
of the people, without the intervention of elect-
ors ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. RANDALL. I believe the gentleman
from Maine has already offered a resolution
dnring this call. I will not raise the question
of order on this resolution; bat I will raise it
hereafter, for it is unjust to the members from
those States which follow the State of Maine
on the list that they should have no hearing
on the call.
The SPEAKER. If the point of order be
made the Chair will sustain it.
Mr. RANDALL. I will make it hereafter.
My State will never be reached unless the rule
is strictly enforced.
Mr. LYNCH. What is the point of order ?
The SPEAKER. The point is made that
the gentleman having offered one resolution on
this call cannot offer another.
Mr. LYNCH. I do not recollect that I
offered one.
The SPEAKER. The call began on the 4th
of March, 1871. Has the gentleman offered a
bill or resolution on this call since that time?
Mr. LYNCH. The Journal will show
whether I have done so. I do not remember.
The SPEAKER. It is a question of fact
which the Chair cannot determine, and there
is no time to search the Journal. The Chair
does not allow any gentleman to offer a second
resolution if he knows it. He is not compe-
tent to decide whether the gentleman from
Maine has offered a resolution under this call
or not.
Mr. RANDALL. I was informed that he
had done so.
Mr. LYNCH. I cannot recollect whether
I have done so since the 4th of last March.
The SPEAKER. The call began with the
Congress and has run on since, and as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
says, the members from all the States have a
right to a hearing.
Mr. LYNCH. I understand the rule.
Mr. RANDALL. The Chair will see at
once that some of the States will never be
reached unless the rule is enforced.
Mr. LYNCH. I do not recollect whether
I have or have not offered a resolution on this
call.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot, of
course, rule on the question of fact. Does
the gentleman desire to put the joint resolution
upon its passage ?
Mr. LYNCH. I do, and I call the previous
question upon it.
The joint resolution was read. It proposes
the following article a3 an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States:
Article XVI.
Section 1. All citizens of the United States who
are qualified to vote for Representatives to Con-
gress shall meet at the places within their respect-
ive States where they are entitled to vote for such
Representatives, and vote by ballot for President
and Vice President, one of whom, at least shall
not be an inhabitant of the same State with them-
selves; they shall name in their ballots the per-
son voted for as President and the person voted for
as Vice President, and the votes thus cast shall be
transmitted to the secretary of State in the State
where such votes are cast, who shall make distinct
lists of all persons voted for as President, and of all
persons voted for as Vice President, and of the num-
ber of votes foreach, which listhesha.ll sign and cer-
tify, and transmit sealed to tbe seat of Government
of the United States, directed to the President of the
Senate; the President of the Senate shall, in the
presence of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, open all the certificates, and the votes shall
then be counted; the person having the greatest
number of votes for President shall be President, if
such number be a majority of the whole number of
votes cast; and if no person have such a majority,
then from the persons having the highest numbers,
not exceeding three, on the list of those voted for
as President, the House of Representatives shall
choose immediately by ballot tbe President. But
in choosing the President the votes shall be taken
by States, the representation from each State hav-
ing one vote; a quorum for this purpose shall con-
sist of a member or members from two thirds of the
States, and a majority of all the States shall be
necessary to a choice. And if the House of Repre-
sentatives shall not choose a President, whenever
the right of choice shall devolve upon them, before
the 4th day of March next following, then the Vice
President shall act as President, as in the case of
death or other oonstitutional disability of the Pres-
ident.
Sec. 2. The person having the greatest number of
votes as Vice President shall be Vice President, it'
such number be a majority of the whole number of
votes cast; and if no person have a majority, then
from the two highest numbers on the list the Senate
shall choose the Vice President; a quorum for the
purpose shall consist of two thirds of the whole
number of Senators, and a majority of the whole
number shall be necessary to achoioe.
The question was taken upon seconding the
call for the previous question ; and upon a
division, there were—ayes eleven, noes not
counted.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to debate the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then it will go over
under the rule.
order of business.
Mr. HIBBARD. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state for
the information of members that this morning
hour call was obstructed for six months by
the consideration of one bill—that is what
occasioned the slow calling of the States—the
civil rights bill of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hooper.] Resolutions are now
in order under this call from the State of New
Hampshire.
credit mobilier investigation.
Mr. HIBBARD introduced the following
resolution; upon which he called the previous
qnestion:
Retolved, That the Credit Mobilier investigating
committee, of which Hon. Luke P. Poland is chair-
man, be instructed hereafter to admit the pablic to
their sessions for the reception of testimony, so far
as they may have reasonable accommodations there-
for; and that they be required to permit the repre-
sentatives of the press to have access to the testi-
mony heretofore given before said committee.
Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous con-
sent 
The SPEAKER.
The Chair cannot ask
