354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
unanimous consent for any purpose during
the morning hour on Monday.
Mr. POLAND. Then I raise the point of
order that this resolution involves a suspension
of the rules, and cannot be considered during
the morning hour of Monday.
Mr. RANDALL. How?
The SPEAKER. Because it instructs the
committee not in accordance with the rules of
the House. There is no rule laid down whereby
the committee can be instructed in this way,
a way which involves a suspension of the rules.
As soon as the morning hour expires, the
Chair will recognize a gentleman to offer such
a resolution as this, and test the sense of the
House upon it. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. ELD RED GE. What rule of the House
must be suspended in order to permit the con-
sideration of this resolution?
The SPEAKER. The committees of the
House operate under certain rules. Two gen-
tlemen, one from Maine [Mr. Frye] and one
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard,] have
this morning offered resolutions directing this
investigating committee to operate in some
other way than under the rules. There is no
allegation that the committee have heretofore
violated any rule of this House. The resolu-
tion offered by the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire involves a suspension of the rules in that
it proposes to instruct the committee to pro-
ceed in some other way than they have been
proceeding.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I was not aware that
there was any rule preventing the House from
instructing any committee how to conduct its
investigations.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to debate.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the Chair give the 1
rule ? 1
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not pro-
pose to argue a point of order. The commit-
tees of the House are organized under its rules,
and proceed according to its rules.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the Chair state what
rule this resolution would interfere with ?
The SPEAKER. With that rule of the
House which gives to each committee the con-
trol of its organization and the mode of con-
ducting its business. The moment a motion
for a suspension of the rules is in order the
Chair will recognize a gentleman for that pur-
pose, and believes it will be readily agreed
to by the House. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
taxation of government securities.
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire, sub-
mitted the following resolution; upon which
he called the previous question :
Resolved, That in tho judgment of this House the
bonds and other securities of the United States
which are by law exempted from taxation under
State authority, but which are not exempted from
taxation by authority of the United States, ought to
be taxed for national purposes in such manner as
will equalize taxation upon that and other property
as nearly as is practicable; and that the Committee
of Ways and Means be instructed to report a bill to
the House providing for the levy of a tax of one
per cent, annually upon such bonds and other securi-
ties of the United States as are not by law exempted
from taxation by authority of Congress, which tax
shall be deducted from the interest accruing on the
same by the proper disbursing officer before pay-
ment thereof to the holder.
The question being taken on seconding the
call for the previous question, there were—
ayes 52, noes 62; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sargent,
and Mr. Parker, of New Hampshire, were
appointed.
The House divided: and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 52, noes 71.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to debate the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. Debate arising, the reso-
lution goes over under the rules. The Chair
takes this opportunity to advise the House that
when a gentleman offers a resolution and
demands the previous question upon it, it
will not be within his power, if the previous
question be not seconded, to move to lay the
resolution on the table, because the Chair, as
he has heretofore announced, will, after the
failure of the previous question, recognize a
gentleman who rises to debate the resolution
and throw it over. A gentleman offering a
resolution has the election either to demand
the previous question or to test the sense of
the House by moving to lay the resolution on
the table. If he makes his election to demand
the previous question, he must abide by the
vote of the House.
credit mobilier investigation.
Mr. FRYE. I move a suspension of the
rules for the introduction and adoption of the
following resolution :
Resolved, That the committee of this House ap-
pointed to investigate charges of corruption in the
matter of stock in the Credit Mobilier be, and they
are hereby, instructed to continue such investiga-
tion without secrecy as to either their past or future
Eroceedings; and that the testimony hitherto taken
e made publio.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has received
this morninga letter from Hon. John B. Alley,
of Massachusetts, who states that he is a wit-
ness before the committee, and who desires
the presentation of a petition to the House.
Inasmuch as it refers to the matter embraced in
this resolution the Chair, although it may be
a somewhat unusual proceeding, will direct the
Clerk to read the petition unless there be objec-
tion.
There being no objection, the Clerk read
as follows:
To the honorable House of Representatives
of the United States ••
The undersigned, a witness before the committee
of investigation in the Oakes Ames' Credit Mobilier
matter, respectfully represents that in his opinion
great injustice is being done to members of your
body, as well as to the witnesses, in consequence of
the investigation being held with closed doors. It
seems hard, unless some public interest imperatively
demand* it, that accusations against individuals
should be made and go forth to the country, seriously
affecting their character, with the power to disprove
them at once on the part of the accused, yet obliged
for weeks, or perhaps months, to be under the ban
of suspicion because the publio are deprived of all
authentic knowledge of the exact facts. Upon my
return home I was met at the Fifth Avenue Hotel in
New York by an excited individual, whir had been
reading what purported to be my testimony in fall
with the cross-examination ana all particulars in
the New York Sun, and threatened with personal
violence for my statements about him. It was sug-
gested to him by another party that perhaps it was
not authentic, and upon ascertaining that it was an
entire fabrication, and that I had not then been upon
the stand at all or opened my lips, he made all
proper apology, and visited his denunciations upon
the editor of that paper. I only mention this in
illustration of the injustice done to parties supposed
to be affected.
Fully believing no public interest can be served
by making this a secret investigation, I respectfully
but earnestly entreat your honorable body to direct
the investigation to be held with the doors open to
the public. JOHN B. ALLEY.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Frye] to allow me to offer a
substitute for his resolution.
Several Members. Let it be read.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the proposed substitute will be read, although
the motion to suspend the rules is not amend-
able.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas the investigation ordered by this House
on December 2,1872, involves questions of public
interest and national importance: Therefore,
Resolved, That said investigation be hereafter
conducted by the committee charged therewith in
open session, and the testimony heretofore taken be
forthwith reported to the House, and printed and
recommitted.
And whereas said investigation touches transac-
tions of the Credit Mobilier of America with the
Union Pacific Railroad Company, in which the
United States is largely interested: Therefore,
Resolved, That said committee inquire into the
origin and character of said Credit Mobilier com-
pany and its dealings with the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company, and whether any member of Con-
gress or other officer of the United States has been j
interested in said Credit Mobilier company; and if
so, how. I
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman ac-
cept this as a substitute ?
Mr. FRYE. I do not.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the gentleman to
accept as a substitute the resolution which I
ocinh f r\ * no hobk
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the proposed substitute of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] will be read.
There being no objection, the Clerk read as
follows:
Whereas the Secretary of the Treasury in his
recent report addressed to the Speaker of this House
(page 42) makes statement of the fact that the Union
Pacific Railroad Company was in default for inter-
est due the Government to the amount of $5,337,-
736 28, on July 1, 1872, after a reduction of $2,181.-
989 43 for transportation of mails, troops, &c., for
the Government and due the said Union Pacific
Railroad Company; and whereas this inability to
meet the interest as it became due to the Govern-
ment by this corporation has been occasioned mainly
by the enormous sums of money paid illegally and
fraudulently to a corporation and its stockholders
known as the Credit Mobilier, in form of caah,
bonds, and other dividends far in excess of their
legitimate earnings or claims, and to the great injury
of the Government and the stockholders of the said
Union Pacific Railroad Company : Therefore.
Be it resolved. That the President of the United
States is herewith requested to cause the employ-
ment of two attorneys, well learned in the law, at
just and reasonable compensation, with further
directions to them to commence and prosecute a
suit in the appropriate court or courts against tho
said corporation, to wit, the Credit Mobilier of
America, and its several stockholders, corporate! y
and individually, for the purpose of recovering tho
said amount of interest due, to wit, $5,337,736 28,
and what may hereafter become due to the Govern-
ment and remain unpaid from the sums paid to tho
stockholders of the said Credit Mobilier illegally
and fraudulently in law and in equity.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman ac-
cept the resolution just read as an amendment
to the one offered by himself?
Mr. FRYE. 1 do not.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I trust there
will be no objection under the circumstances
to allow the chairman of the select committee
on this subject to make a brief statement to
the House of the policy which has governed
that committee heretofore, and some of the
reasons Why it has chosen to do as it has
done.
The SPEAKER.- If there be no objection
the gentleman from Vermont will be allowed
to make a statement.
Mr. RANDALL. What will be the effect
on the resolution I have offered?
The SPEAKER. The resolution offered by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is not pend-
ing. If unanimous consent be given to the
proposition of the gentleman from Indiana, it
will merely allow the gentleman from Ver-
mont to make a statement in reference to this
resolution which cannot be done unless unani-
mous consent be granted.
Mr. RANDALL. Could not the gentleman
make that statement after the adoption of the
resolution I have presented ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine, who moved to suspend the rules for
the purpose of admitting the resolution offered
by him, does not accept the resolution of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania as a substitute,
and it is not therefore before the House.
Mr. RANDALL. When will the oppor-
tunity be presented for me to offer that resolu-
tion?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman from Pennsylvania as soon as
the pending resolution is disposed of. The
Chair hears no objection, and the gentleman
from Vermont is entitled to the floor to make
his statement.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, it is a mat-
ter about which I feel no particular anxiety
whether the House shall direct the committee
which has been appointed by this House to
hold open sessions or whether we will be
directed to go on as we have hitherto ; but so
much has been said in the public press on
this subject, I deem it due to myself and to .
other members of the committee that I shall
