1818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
bureau being a man of medical science, would
be retired at the age of sixty-two, just when
his faculties perhaps were best, pending the
term of years to which he had been appointed.
This merely provides that, although he may be
retired from active service, he may still fill out
his term of service as the head of the Bureau
of Medicine and Surgery. That is the inten-
tion of the amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. I should like to know some-
thing about the necessity for or the policy of
this amendment. My recollection goes back
to an occurrence a year or two ago, when the
then Surgeon General, Wood, arrived at sixty-
«two, and by operation of law went upon the
retired list. I remember very well that the
question of whether he should then continue
at the head of the Medical Bureau was one
which was presented to the Department; and
he certainly had mental vigor and all the quali-
fications necessary for the station. But it was
then insisted upon as the policy of the Navy
Department not to permit any officer upon the
retired list to remain at the head of that
bureau. Since that time another surgeon next
to him took that position at the head of the
medical department; and he arrived at sixty-
two and he went out. I understand there is a
third who will also arrive at sixty-two in the
course of a few months, and then the next man
upon the list will be entitled to his place.
Now, I should like to hear from the Depart-
ment what has occurred since the time Surgeon
General Wood was retired to change the pol-
icy of the Department. Jf it was a good pol-
icy then, certainly it ought to be a good policy
yet, unless the Navy Department has seen its
error, and is disposed to give us light enough
to satisfy us that it was wrong then.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Spragite.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. The simple substance of
this amendment is that a regular universallaw
that we have, providing for retiring officers at
a certain age, is to be set aside for the con-
venience of a particular individual. I admit
that 1 begin my opposition to this in the face
of the difficulty that it has been somewhat our
habit—and of course I am bound to presume
a very good one—that the moment any law
which we have interferes with the convenience
or the ambition of any particular man, we are
to set it aside.
Now, if this retiring law is a good one, if it
ought not to be repealed, it ought to be
enforced. If it ought to be repealed and not
applied fairly and rigorously and universally
to all the officers in the Navy, without regard
to what under another name is called special
merit, then it ought to be applied to this case.
It is said that this gentleman, whom I do not
know, and who I have no doubt is a very
excellent surgeon, has not filled out the four
years of detail which according to the ordinary
coarse of the Navy Department he would have
filled out but for the fact that he comes to be
of the age of sixty-two. Did he not know
that when he accepted this detail; or, to speak
mote strongly, did not the Secretary of the
Navy know that when he made this detail?
Both the parties knew it, and therefore this
detail must have been made subject to the
controlling influence of the regular law which
would require that he should not occupy that
station for four years. If they intended that
he should occupy it in spite of the law, then
they exercised the function that some of the.
Departments have got into the habit of exer-
cising of course a very good one for the peo-
ple, I am to presume—of paying attention to
a statute when it suits their convenience, and
forgetting it when it does not. That may be a
good way; I am not arguing that question ;
but it is not according to my notion.
So I repeat that this special legislation, par-
ticularly on an appropriation bill, regulating
in favor of particular persons or particular
objects the administration of the Depart-
ment in general, is, in my opinion, extremely
vicious. So that independent of the merit of
this particular proposition I should vote against
it; but in my judgment it has no merit at all.
If the Navy Department has not sufficient
medical officers to enable it to comply with
the law in its details for the performance of
bureau duty, then the Navy Department had
better be supplied with a sufficient number.
But it has them. The Navy Department has
not been suspected of being particularly defi-
cient in officers. It is true that the number
of its seamen and boys is somewhat limited,
to eighty-five 'hundred I believe ; but when it
comes to the gentlemen who wear epaulettes
and receive high pay, it is very well provided
for indeed, and out of that great number, in-
cluding the medical officers, I have no doubt
the Secretary of the Navy will be enabled to
supply this bureau service without changing
the law in order to meet the wishes and the
friendships of the Department or of the officer
who is to be benefited by it.
I make these remarks with the more free-
dom from the fact that 1 believe the Navy De-
partment is on the whole extremely well
administered, and I have a strong personal
friendship for the Secretary, and I know
nothing whatever against this gentleman. I
assume that he is everything that he is repre-
sented to be, and therefore I am the more
grieved to insist upon the principle, when
there are officers enough, of adhering to the
law instead of making special legislation to
favor a particular man by keeping him in a
particular bureau beyond the period that the
law allows.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I find
it a duty which is not altogether agreeable to
me to rise constantly and explain matters
which have been before me in committee and
which have seemed so clear that every mem-
ber of the committee of every party has
agreed that there would be no difficulty about
them at all. After that, it is strange to hear
gentlemen rise in the Senate and make objec-
tions which have been met and answered in
the committee. I have been occupied out of
the Senate not by my own will. I ought not
to have been out of the Senate when the naval
appropriation bill was before the body, but I
was on a committee and have just come in to
hear my distinguished friend from Vermont
objecting to this little amendment which one
of the Committee on Appropriations, the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, was kind enough to
offer because I was away.
If I understand his objection and the objec-
tion made by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
it is that the Department at one time may
have put another construction on the law and
that we are asking to keep a certain person in
office at the head of the Medical Bureau. I
tried before I left the Senate, ia the remarks
I made on this matter, to explain the proposi-
tion ; and I am sure if the Senator from Ver-
mont had heard what I said, and if he will
oblige me by reading it to-morrow, as it no
doubt will be published in the Globe, he will
find that I explained the very objection he has
made. I do not wonder that he has made the
objection ; I am not at all surprised at it; it is
very natural he should. But he has made a
mistake, I think, in making it.
An act was passed entitled "An act to re-
organize the Navy Department of the United
States,"^ approved July 5, 1862, which com-
mences in this way:
" Bp it enacted, &e.. That there shall be established
in the Navy Department the following bureaus, to
wit."
It names the Bureaus of Yards and Docks,
Equipment and Recruiting, and among others
a "Bureau of Medicine and Surgery." It then
says that the person appointed to be head of
the Pay Bureau shall be selected from the list
of paymasters in the pay department of the
Navy of not less than ten years' standing, and
so on as to the other heads of bureaus.
" each of which chiefs of bureaus shall receive
a salary of $3,500 per annum, unless other-
wise heretofore provided by law, which shall
be in lieu of all other compensation whatever ;
the said chiefs of bureaus to hold their said
offices for the term of four years."
That is a law of the United States. It pro-
vides for an appointment to a civil office, the
incumbent of which is to hold office for four
years. When the operations of the retiring
board took place, the question arose whether
a gentleman appointed to an office like this,
which the law said he should hold for four
years, being retired under a law which pre-
vented a retired officer from being on active
duty could hold the position or not. That
was a question for the construction of the
Department. Precisely how the Department
have decided that question I am not pre-
pared to state to the Senate ; but this fact I
know: that the Department are of opinion that
the law forbidding retired officers to do active
duty should not apply to the head of a bureau
like this, a professional man, selected, as he
generally is, from one of the oldest in the
service. The Secretary of the Navy may
select any one he pleases, the very youngest
on the list if he chooses, but he generally
takes one at or near the head of the list, under
the theory that a professional man does not
kuow much until he has had some experience.
The position of chief of the Bureau of Medi-
cine and Surgery in the Navy is an exceed-
ingly important one, and its occupant is
always a man near the head of the list of
surgeons. The effect of the construction that
this man must go out when he reaches the
age of sixty-two or has served for a certain
number of years, I think forty-five, would be
practically after three or four months or per-
haps a year of service, the instant a system
was adopted in reference to the management
of that bureau, to turn the man out to pat
another man in his place, and so keep on con-
stantly and interminably until the gentleman
called to take the place would feel no ambi-
tion, would feel that there was nothing before
him that he could do, because he was put there
simply for a short tenure until he was turned
out by operation of law.
Now, Mr. President, let me make one other
suggestion. The operation of the retiring law
at the age of sixty-two never ought to have
been applied to professional men. My impres-
sion is that a doctor, if his health is good and
he has had reasonable experience, is better
at sixty-two than he is at tweny-one; and to
require a professional man, not on active
service, but in charge of a professional bureau
in Washington, to be retired by operation of
law at sixty-two and another man put in his
place, is a simple absurdity, in my humble
judgment. The simple proposition is, while
we do not. propose to interfere with the law
retiring naval officers, that in the civil appoint-
ments of heads of bureaus, the Seretary of
the Navy may continue proper men during the
legal term of their appointment without regard
to their being retired by operation of law.
These heads of bureaus are the advisers of the
Secretary of the Navy, his cabinet so to speak.
Why should the person whom he calls pro-
fessionally to the head of the Bureau of Med-
icine and Surgery be retired until the four
years for which he was appointed are fulfilled?
The amendment permits him, as the law does,
to retire him and turn him out, of that office for
cause whenever he sees fit. It is not that he
cannot be retired ; it is not to keep him there
one minute or one hour after the Secretary of
the Navy or the President wishes him to retire;
but it is that he shall not be obliged to break
up a system of medical examination that is
going on under a man in active life, a pro-
fessional man in his full vigor, because of this
law which in my humble judgment never was
intended to apply to this case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
a question ?
