1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1319
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senator from Ver-
mont may ask me any question he pleases.
He will be kind enough to ask it so loud that
I can hear it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall not ask my friend
from New Jersey to answer it if I do not. I
wish to ask ray friend from New Jersey
whether by existing law the President of the
United States, or the Secretary of the Navy
acting for him, may not call this very man
from the retired list into active duty?
Mr. STOCKTON. If I could give what my
impression is, I should like to answer the Sen-
ator from Vermont absolutely; but I am not
entirely sure that I am right. 1 will answer him
to the best of my knowledge. My impression
is that the Department are of opinion, or have
been, that when the law retiring at the age of
sixty-two applies to this officer, the person is
retired by operation of law, and cannot by the
Department be kept in service. That con-
struction, after an examination of the law, I
believe to be entirely incorrect; and this
amendment sent here by the Department is
for the simple purpose of settling that con-
struction. For me and the Senator from Ver-
mont to aigue upon these statutes, what is the
construction, would do no good to any one.
I know he has as many things in the Senate to
puzzle his brain about as anybody here. X
know that he would not spend one single mo-
ment in arguing with me upon a question the
result of which mast necessarily be of no con-
sequence, because whichever way it was de-
cided the question of construction is in doubt
in the Department, and the proposition is
simply to settle it so far as professional men in
the bureau are concerned. It does seem to me
that no clearer case has ever been presented for
the relaxation of a stringent rule which surely
ought not to apply to professional men.
Why, Mr. President, I do not think a doctor
is good for much until he gets to be about
sixty-two ; and here we retire men in the full
vigor of their professional ability who have
charge of our scientific bureaus, who are in
correspondence with medical men and the
heads of bureaus all over Europe, who are
making changes and advancement in science
which will benefit our service immensely. Are
they to be retired month after month because
the age of sixty-two hits them ? I said to the
Senator from Vermont that I thought it was
a misconstruction. I think so now. This
amendment simply settles it. ^ It is nothing^
on earth but that the head of the Bureau of
Medicine and Surgery in the Navy Department,
having been appointed for four years, shall
not necessarily by operation of law leave that
bureau after perhaps a month or two of service,
because he happens to be sixty-two years of
age; but he may be retired at any time before
sixty-two or after if the President or the Sec-
retary of the Navy desires. That is the whole
amendment, and I wish that the Senator from
Vermont would devote his mind to a matter of
more consequence than this little question in
reference to the chief of the Bureau of Medi-
cine and Surgery in the Navy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand now from
my friend from New Jersey that the point of
this thing is to prevent what he considers to
be a misconstruction of the existing law. He
believes as I do, that by the existing^ law,
which is as plain as language can make it ap
parently, if the public service m the judgment
of the President requires it, he may assign
this officer, the very moment lie is retired, to
active duty again in that very bureau, lhe
truth is that the law says so without any lira
itation at all; it says that the President may
assign any retired officer to active duty in any
department of the service to which he belongs.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Not in the Army
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Rhode
Island says that I have stated that too broadly,
that we have limited it as to the Army.
good ; T am now speaking of the Navy Depart-
ment. I will not go over All the Departments
of the Government. There the law stands
as to the Navy Department. Now my friend
from New Jersey says that somebody has a
doubt in his brain as to the power of the
President to retain this man further in service
under the active duty provision ; that because
the President of the United States, it is said,
cannot without some doubt make this assign-
ment we are to pass this law for a particular
man. Now I repeat—and I believe my friend
from New Jersey will agree with me—that the
Navy Department has not decided that such
an assignment cannot be made.
Mr. STOCKTON. I came in while the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] was
speaking. I understood him as I came in to
ask if this was the rule why it was not applied
in the case of some other surgeon whom he
mentioned, Surgeon Wood I think. He was
making the very objection which I was reply-
ing to, that the Department had allowed that
gentleman to leave that bureau during his four
years because he was retired under that very
construction which this section is introduced
to prevent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Navy Department
undoubtedly did allow a certain person to re-
tire under the law, because they did not choose
to rccall him by an assignment to active duty.
In other words, even as the law now stands—
and I do not want to make it any worse—the
Navy Department has the power of discrim-
inating between public servants who are as-
signed to duty, and when the time comes to
retire a man by operation of law, of course it
must be left to the discretion of the President
and the Navy Department whether they will
reassign him to active duty, depending upon
his capacity, depending, it maybe, under some
administrations, not under this, of course, on
how many friends he happens to have and
where they happen to live. 01' course, that i
a sound reason for the selection of public ser-
vants ; as we all know, that is the way our
constituents are appointed, because they are
our friends, and we tease or bully the Depart-
ments into appointing them. We all under-
stand that, and I take my share of the glory of
that way of selecting people to perform public
duty. But this is to go a step further and say
that we will make an exception in this retiring
law, which isnot. stringent enough in my opin-
ion, and we found it so when the war came on.
The men who had worn themselves out in
peace were not those who could carry our flag
to success in war, not because it was their fault,
but because for war and active operations you
must have younger men. We found that to be
the difficulty. Now we have provided this re-
tiring law in order that the graduates of the
Naval Academy of twenty years ago may,
when the stress of times comts on, be the men
whose young muscles and whose young brains
may carry our flag to victory. I hat is the
principle of the retiring law, not that we dis-
honor a man by retiring him ; we only say to
him, "We give you your pay; we leave you
with your honors; but wc know that in the
stress of circumstances there must be a cer-
tain measure of youth, a ceitaiu measure of
activity, a certain measuie of daimg and of
dash," that I begin to feel does not^always
hang on when old age comes along. 1 here is
the difficulty.
Now, Mr. President, to make a short story
of this business, the laws enable the President
of the United States, *£ he chooses to take the
responsibility, to reassign this very gentleman
to this duty. Wherefore, then, shall we put
into this act a provision that it shall be done ?
There is no ground for it, but my friend says
there is a doubt about the law. Will he ob-
ject, then, to an amendment as a substitute for
his which shall declare that nothing in exist-
ing laws shall be construed to prevent the
assigning of retired naval officers over the age
of sixty-two years to active duty in any
bureau of the Navy Department? That wih
meet the difficulty ho has.
Mr. STOCKTON. Certainly, I will not
object to that; that meets everything I sug-
gested. When the Senator from Vermont
talked about old age preventing active sinews
and the^exertion of which youth is capable,
and which are necessary in campaigning and
in fighting, he simply said precisely what I
had said before him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is why I said it. I
thought 1 had good authority for it.
Mr. STOCKTON. But it does not require
any great energy to administer calomel and
jalap, and it does not require a man of a very
big brain to feel a man's pulse; and if my leg
had to be cut off, I would rather put it off
until the man to do it was sixty-two years of
age. These are things which I think the Sen-
ator omitted to notice. There is no reason
whatever why the retiring law should apply
to a professional man or a doctor, because a
doctor, if he is good for anything at all, and
keeps his health, is really better at sixty-two
than he is at forty-two or fifty-two.
But there is no use in prolonging the debate,
as I entirely agree with the Senator fiom Ver-
mont, because his amendment meets the whole
requirement. I said originally that the law
was misconstrued. It is as plain as the nose
on a man's face; but I am told that the
Government think otherwise, and want it
explained. Hence I offered the amendment ;
but the Senator's amendment meets all that I
asked, and I shall be very happy to agree to it
and accept it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment, of the Senator from Rhode Island
by substituting therefor these words :
That nothing in existing laws shall bo construed
to prevent the assigning retired officors of tho Navy
over tho age oi sixty-two years to active duty in any
bureau of tho Navy Department.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I accept that.
Mr. CRAGIN. I do not feel any special
interest in this proposition, not having the
measure in charge ; but it is evident that my
friend from Vermont, who is generally so per-
fectly accurate as to the law, is slightly mis-
taken in regard to naval matters.
The Senator from Vermont, when he was on
the floor before, spoke about these naval offi-
cers being detailed to these positions. They
are appointed by the President and confirmed
by the Senate, and their appointment is for
four years. It is a civil office so far as that is
concerned. I am not particularly for or against
the amendment, but the amendment does not
affect the retirement of this officer at all. It
says that notwithstanding his retirement at
the age of sixty-two, he may lie continued for
the residue of the four years for which he was
confirmed by the Senate ot the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That we perfectly un-
derstand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from Rhode Island to
accept the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The_ ques-
tion will be on the amendment as modified.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am very
sure that an amendment so important as this
ought not to be considered in a Senate so thin
and paying so little attention to the business.
This amendment would overturn the whole
theory, established alter long and patient con-
sideration years ago. I trust that an amend-
ment like this will not be passed without a
more thorough investigation. It seems to me
farcical for the Congress of the United^States
to thoroughly consider a subject like this, ma-
ture a system, and when it, has been in opera-
tion but a few years, and that generally with-
out complaint, we should at the first personal
pinch of the law seek relief from it and change
the whole theoiy of the action of the Navy
Department.
Mr. CllAGIN. This amendment does not
change the law a particle from what it is now.
