356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 0,
instruct a committee to report a particular bill.
Now, to instruct a committee to report a bill at
once would involve a suspension of the rules,
and could not be done during the morning
hour of Monday; but to merely instruct a
committee to report a bill, when it shall be in
order for them to report, does not involve a
suspension of the rules. The moment, how-
ever, anything is included in a resolution or
motion during the morning hour of Monday,
which involves the setting aside of any rule,
upon objection it cannot be entertained. If
any question is entertained by any one in re-
spect to the ruling of the Chair upon the point
of order raised, the Chair will beg some gen-
tleman as a favor to appeal from his decision,
so that the decision of the House may go into
the Manual and the matter be settled.
Mr. POLAND. I made the point of order,
not that I did not desire the resolution to come
before the House, but I objected to the resolu-
tion being offered in the morning hour be-
cause I desired an opportunity to say a word
in justification of the course of the committee.
Mr. COBCJRN. I desire to ask a question
ofthe gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland.]
As the gentleman well knows, the rule of law
in court is to separate witnesses, so that one
will not know what another has testified. I
desire to ask the gentleman whether or not,
from the testimony so far given, or from any
that is expected to be obtained, in his opinion
any advantage will be derived from keeping
secret the testimony before his committee, so
as to prevent collusion among witnesses, or
anything of that kind ?
In that connection I will say that in a mem-
orable investigation that took place by a com-
mittee of this House, since I was a member,
a very signal advantage was gained by the fact
that the testimony of one witness was not
made known to the public until another wit-
ness was put upon the Btand. It may be that
a witness, becoming informed of that which
had been testified by another, would be in-
clined to shape his own testimony accordingly.
Mr. POLAND. I am aware of the rule
which prevails in courts in relation to exam-
ining witnesses separately from each other.
But I do not think the committee, in the
course they have taken in this matter, had
any reference to that rule of practice in courts.
Certainly I can say for myself, and so far as I
am aware for my colleagues upon the commit-
tee, that we were not at all influenced by the
beneficial rule to which my friend alludes. I
suppose I was a member of the committee
of which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Coburn] _ has spoken. We spent several
months iu taking testimony, pursuing the
same course in the examination of witnesses
that this committee have pursued. I do not
think anybody ever thought of questioning
the propriety of the course taken by that
committee, although we spent the whole vaca-
tion in the investigation.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I do not undertake to
say that the ruling of the Chair is not correct,
although I took a different view of the subject,
and am still inclined to differ with the Speaker
in judgment upon it I had believed this to
be the proper construction: that where there
was no express rule upon the subject provid-
ing for a particular matter, it was within the
power of the House to instruct a committee.
The SPEAKER. But there is an express
role.
Mr. ELDREDGE. It seems to me, if the
Speaker wiil,allow me, that the case cited by
the Speaker, to show that the proceedings of a
committee are to be kept secret, would require
them under all circumstances to keep their
proceedings secret. Now, I had supposed that
that matter was under the control of the com-
mittee ; that there was no rule requiring them
to keep their proceedings secret, if they should
determine otherwise.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks other-
wise. Jefferson says that the proceedings of
a committee " are not to be published, as they
are of no force "till confirmed by House."
Mr. ELDREDGE. That, however, is not a
rule of the House.
The SPEAKER. It is a rule because Rule
144 provides that the rules laid down in Jeffer-
son's Manual shall be the rules of this House
so far as they may be applicable; in other
words, Rule 144 adopts Jefferson's Manual as
part of the rules of the House.
Mr. ELDREDGE. If Jefferson's Manual
were absolutely the rule of the House, the
House could never act contrary to the parlia-
mentary law by suspending the rules; it must
follow in all cases the parliamentary law. In
every instance a suspension of the rules would
include the entire body of parliamentary law.
The SPEAKER. Of course; and it always
does.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Certainly we have sus-
pended the rules a thousand times without
understanding such to be the effect—perhaps
because the point was not made.
Mr. FARNf! W0 RT H. The gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] has stated that some
ex-members of Congress are involved in this
investigation, but he seems to have overlooked
the fact that Hon. John B. Alley, one of the
most prominent ex-members of Congress in-
volved, has in a letter read at the Clerk's desk
this morning asked a public investigation on
his own account, as well as on the account of
many others who may be involved. Now, un-
less the gentlemen who are involved in this
investigation oppose a public investigation, I
do not see why we ought not to accede to the
proposition that the proceedings be conducted
in public.
Mr. POLAND. I knew nothing in relation
to Mr. Alley's wishes on this subject; I have
had no communication with him or any other
former members ofthe House who have been
mentioned in this connection ; nor have I had
any opportunity to consult their wishes on this
point. Some of them live at a very consider-
able distance from here; and I have had no
opportunity to ascertain whether they desire
that our proceedings shall be public or secret.
"Without any reference to their wishes, butasa
matter of fairness to them, it seemed to me
that the investigation should be concluded,
and that they should be allowed an oppor-
tunity to be heard before the testimony should
be made public.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Alley, who is
the most prominent of the ex-members named
in connection with this matter, demands the
publicity of these proceedings.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. SARGENT. I object to debate. I
think we had better vote.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman will allow
me one word.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order.
I understood the Chair to express his desire
that the point of order raised a few moments
ago should be settled by the House; and it
seems to me very proper that it should be, in
view of the fact that the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldredqe] after hearing the
reasons of the Chair has expressed a different
opinion. I therefore appeal from the ruling
of the Chair.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I ask the indulgence
of the House for one moment while I call
attention to the rule to which the Chair has
referred. Rule 144 provides that— |
"The rales of parliamentary practice, comprised 1
in Jefferson's Manual, shall govern the House in all
eases to which they are applicable, and in which they
are not inconsistent with the standing rules and >
orders of the House."
Now, that is merely a guide by which the '
House is to conduct its proceedings. It does .
not make Jefferson's Manual of parliamentary
law superior to the rules of the House ; it only
makes the Manual the guide of the House
where there is no express rule, and where it :
is not inconsistent with any express rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will correct ,
the gentleman. The rules embodied in Jeffer-
son's Manual (if the Chair may use a legal
illustration) hold the same relation to the rules
of the House that the common law does to the
statute law. Jefferson's Manual constitutes
the common law of parliamentary practice.
The practice as laid down in Jefferson's Man-
ual may be varied by the statutes of the Honse,
so to speak; that is, by the rules of the House;
but when Jefferson's Manual is not inconsist-
ent with the rules of the House, it is the duty
of the Chair to enforce the rules of parliament-
ary law as laid down in the Manual. The
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldredoe,]
who has given great attention to the rules, will
bear witness that the practice as laid down in
Jefferson's Manual differs only in very small
particulars from the practice of the House.
It is, after all, the great guide in our parlia-
mentary proceedings.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The language of the
one hundred and forty-fourth rule, as the
Speaker will observe, is not that Jefferson's
Manual shall be a part of the rules of the
House ; it is that the Manual shall be the guide
of the House in the absence of rules.
The SPEAKER. The rules provide that
the Manual shall govern the House wherever
it is not varied by the rules of the House, as
in this case it is not. The appeal taken by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
will be submitted by the Chair.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. May I make a sug-
gestion? I understood the Speaker to state
when he moved this investigation that it was a
question of high privilege.
The SPEAKER. Precisely.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If it is a question
of high privilege, does it lose that character
after it has been submitted to a committee ?
Has not the House jurisdiction over it still as
a question of privilege at any time, without a
suspension of the rules?
The SPEAKER. The Chair differs with
the gentleman from Illinois on two points. It
was a question of high privilege to order the
investigation and to raise a committee for that
purpose ; but when the investigation was or-
dered and the committee raised, the committee
was to go on with its proceedings under the
rules as any other committee of the House.
The order of the House authorising the rais-
ing of th©committee to make the investigation
did not impart anything to the committee
which would place it under any different rule
from any other committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As I understand it,
the rules of the House do not permit any ona
of the ordinary committees to leave the city
of Washington for the purpose of pursuing an
investigation elsewhere except by special order
of the House. Yet I do not understand that
this committee of investigation requires any
suspension of the rules for the purpose of going
to New Orleans or anywhere else to prosecute
its investigation.
The SPfiAKER. The Chair thinkfc it would.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, if this
investigation had required this committee to
visit the city of Boston, would not that have
been in order as a question of privilege with-
out a suspension of the rules ? Could they
not have gone to the city of Boston to take
testimony without coming first to die House
to have an order made under the suspension
of the rules for that purpose, as would be the
case in other committees?
The SPEAKER. The Chair differs with
the gentleman from Illinois. The question
now recurs on the appeal taken from the de-
cision of the Chair by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] and the question
is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the House?
The House divided; and there were—ayes
114, no 1.
The SPEAKER. There is no quorum vot-
ing ; but if there be no objection the Chair will
not ask a further count.
