1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
357
Mr. CONGER. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Several Members. Oh, 110!
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the Chair will not take a farther count.
There was no objection.
So the decision of the Chair stood as the
judgment of the House.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, inadvert-
ently a moment ago I cut off the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] who had the ap-
pointment of this select committee, and not
wishing to do so, I now withdraw my objec-
tion, and hope he will be allowed to make his
statement.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the gentleman from New York will be allowed
to make a statement.
There was no objection.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
simply this: the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Poland,] when he addressed the House
a moment ago, took the liberty and pleasure
of giving to the House an argument against
the passage of this resolution. He appealed
to the members of the House who had served
on committees of investigation as to their ex-
perience in that regard. I think we ought to
be heard a little bit on both sides of that
question, and I shall only take up two minutes
in giving my reasons for former votes in favor
of this policy of publicity. The Ku Klux
committee, on which I served with the honor- i
able gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] j
was of course conducted with secrecy, but it i
did not concern persons. It did not concern
the integrity of Congress. Almost every day
there were correct publications made of our
testimony, and very frequent reports were
made to the House. So there was not this
public curiosity which the gentleman seems
unwilling to gratify in this case. In the
''Black Friday" investigation, on which I
served with the honorable gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Cobdek] who favors this pub-
licity, I do give it as my experience and
observation there was the most outrageous
misrepresentation and distortion of facts in
reference to persons day after day. It would
have been better practice in every regard had
that investigation been conducted publicly, or
at least been conducted by having a short-
hand reporter before the committee, to give
to the public every day the fall report of our
conduct on it. I believe in the largest pub-
licity in reference to this matter.
In the old day the Senate itself sat in se-
cret session, but as time progressed it reformed
in that regard. Now the Senate sits in public
session, although on some matters, as to trea-
ties and confirmations, its sessions are still held
in secret. But since newspapers and tele-
graphs, since advancement in civilization,
there has grown up a new sentiment in this
country, and we should make our practice con-
form to it. I believe the best practice would
be to have the proceedings before committees
conducted with entire publicity, and then every
man can know when he is struck and every
man can defend himself. I hope the House
will pass this resolution with entire unanimity.
One word more in reference to the argumen-
tum ad inconvenienti, as I might call it, made
by the gentleman from Vermont. He said no
committee-room would be vast enough. That
would be obviated by having a single reporter
to give authentic accounts to the public press
every day of the proceedings of the commit-
tee. There would be no press of people after
it was known to the public that correct reports
would go out from the committee. It would
be no inconvenience to the committee, the
press would be gratified, and the people,
whose business it is to know the actual facts,
would be satisfied. And that is mainly the
reason why we sit here in public as Congress-
men. We might as well close our own doors,
as shut out the public from investigations of
this character.
The SPEAKER. The question is on sus-
pending the rules and adopting the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Frye.]
The House divided; and there were—ayes
95, noes 16 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. If further count be de-
manded the Chair will order tellers.
Mr. PLATT. I insist on further count. I
desire that every gentleman shall have an 1
opportunity of voting on one side or the other.
Mr. YOUNG. I demand the yeas and nays. ,
The yeas and nays were ordered. The ques-
tion was taken ; and there were—yeas 130,
nays 7, not voting 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ames, Arthur, Av-
erill, Barber, Barry, Erasmus W. Beck, James B.
Beck, Bell, Bingham, Austin Blair, James G.Blair,
Boarman, Braxton, Bright, Brooks, Buffinton, Bur-
ehard, RoderickR. Butler, Caldwell, Cobb, Coburn,
Coghlan, Conger, Conner, Cotton, Cox, Crossland,
Davis. De Large. Dodds, Donnan. DuBose, Duell,
Duke, Dunnell, Eames, Eldredge, Farusworth, Fink-
elnburg. Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D.
Foster, Frye, Garfield, Garrett, Giddings, Golladay,
Haldeman, Hancock, Hanks, Harmer, George K.
Harris, John T. Harris, Havens, John B. Haw-
ley, Joseph R. Hawley. Gerry W. Hazelton, Here-
ford. Herndon, Hibbard, Holman, Houichtou, Kerr,
Ketcham, King. Lamport, Leach, Lowe, Lynch.Man -
son, Marshall, McClelland, McCormick, McCrary,
McGrew, MoKinney, Merriam, Merrick, Benjamin
F. Meyers, Monroe, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, i
Packard,HoseaW.Parker, Isaac C.Parker, Pendle-
ton, Porter, Rainey, Randall, Read, Edward Y.Rice,
John M. Rice, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, William R. i
Roberts, Rusk, Sargent, Scofield, Shanks, Shella-
b&rger, Sherwood, SI.'' er. Sloss, H. Boardman Smith,
John A. Smith, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Storm, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, Sutherland,
Swaun, Terry, Turner, Tuthill, Upson, Wakeman,
Walden, Wheeler, Whitthorne, Willard. Williams
of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
and Young—130. |
NAYS—Messrs. Hale, Hoar, Maynard, McKee,
Perce, Piatt, and TwiohelJ—7.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Batjks,
Barnura, Beatty, Beveridg®, Bigby, Biggs, Bird,
Holes, Buckley, Burdett,Benjamin F. Butler, Camp-
bell, Carroll,Clarke, Comingo, Crebs, Creely.Critohcr,
Crocker,"Darrall, Dawes, Dickey, Dox, Elliott, Ely,
Esty, Farwell, Forker.Geti, Goodrich,Griffith, Hal-
Bey. Hambleton, Handley, Harper, Ha/, Hays, John
W. Hazelton, Hill, Hooper, Xelley, Kellogg, Ken-
dall, Killinger, Kinsella, Laraison, Lansing, Lewis,
McHenry, Mclntyre, McJnnkin, McNeely, Mitchell.
Moore, Morey. Morgan, Moruhis, Niblack, Packer,
Palmer, Peck, Perry, Peters, Poland, Potter, Price,
Prindle, Robinson, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers,
RooBevelt, Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions, Sheldon, Sho-
ber, Shoemaker, Slocum. Worthington C. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Speer, Sprague, Sypher, Taffe,
Thomas. Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend,
Tyner, Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell,
Waldron, Wall&oe, Walls. Warren, Wells, \Vlliteley,
Williams of New York, Winchester, and Wood—104.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended, and the reso-
lution was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. O. E. Babcock:, Private Secretary of
the President, appeared at the bar and deliv-
ered to the House a message from the Presi-
dent in writing.
Mr. 0. E. Babcock also informed the House
that the President had approved and signed
bills of the following titles :
An act (H. R. No. 1779) for the relief of
Samuel Hitchcock;
An act (H. R. No. 1735) to provide for
holding adjourned terms of the supreme court
of Arizona;
An act (H. R. No. 2994) for the reduction
of officers and expenses of the internal reve-
nue department;
An act (H. R. No. 3129) for the relief of
Scales & Manning, of Nashville, Tennessee;
and.
An act (H. R. No. 845) to quiet the title to
certain lands in the State of Missouri.
ordjbr of business.
Mr. RANDALL rose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] has risen to
move a suspension of the rules. Pending
that the Chair will give an opportunity to gen-
tlemen who were not in their seats when their
States were called in the morning hour to in-
troduce bills for reference.
informers shares.
Mr. PLATT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3342) declaratory of
the meaning of section thirty-nine of the act
of June 6, 1872, relating to informers' shares;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
a. g. tebault.
Mr. PLATT, also by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3343) for the
relief of A. G. Tebault, of Virginia; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
william talbot.
Mr. SWANN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3344) for the relief of
William Talbot; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
mary harris.
Mr. SWANN also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3345) for the
relief of Mary Harris ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
vienna exposition.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a resolution of the Board of Trade of
the city of Burlington, Vermont, asking an
appropriation in aid of the Vienna exposi-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
patent laws.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 8346)
extending the privileges of obtaining patents ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents, and
ordered to be printed.
president's salary, etc.
Mr. TWICHELL, by unanimous consent,
£ resented resolutions of the Eight Hour
league of Boston against the increase of the
President's salary; also, resolutions of the
same body against the one-term principle.
Mr. TWICHELL. I move that the resolu-
tions be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. STEVENSON. They ought to go to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TWICHELL. The resolution in rela-
tion to the President's salary came from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
resolution came from the gentleman's col-
league, [Mr. Banks,] and not from the com-
mittee.
Mr. TWICHELL. These resolutions refer
to the resolution offered by my colleague, and
therefore I wish them to go to him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
resolution is before the Committee on the
J udiciary.
Mr. TWICHELL. Very well, sir ; let the
resolutions go there.
The resolutions were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
FRENCH CLAIMS.
Mr. TWICHELL also, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the petition of merchants of
Boston in relation to the French claims;
which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
united states notes.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
8347) to provide for the convertibility of
United States notes not bearing interest into
coin; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency, and ordered to be printed.
