1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1821
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest that the adoption of this amend-
ment will render the adoption of other
amendments necessary, changing the aggre-
gate amount of the appropriations to these
various navy-yards. If there be no objection,
those changes will be made.
Mr. PATTERSON. I offer the following
amendment; and I will state that the object
is simply to apply the rules of the civil service
to the appointment of professors in the Naval
Observatory and Academy. As I understand,
those rules do not now apply, and men entirely
unfit to fulfill those high duties are liable to
be appointed to the places. The amendment
is, on page 4, after line eighty-five, to insert
the following proviso :
Provided, That no person shall receive the ap-
pointment of professor of mathematics in tho Navy
until he shall have passed a satisfactory professional
examination before a board of naval professors of
mathematics designated for that purpose by the
Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. COLE. Are these naval professors
officers of the Navy, or are they simply civil-
ians employed in the Navy?
Mr. CRAGIN. They are officers. The
amendment is right.
Mr. COLE. I ask, are the persons who
are to be detailed to make the examination
officers of the Navy?
Mr. PATTERSON. They are to be officers
of the Navy designated for that purpose by
the Secretary of the Navy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I offerthe followingamend-
ment, to come in on page 19, after line four
hundred and thirty-seven:
For the construction of eisht steam vessels of war,
$3,200,000; this appropriation to be available from
the passage of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. On page 12, after line two
hundred and sixty-four, I move to insert the
following:
For the construction of gas works and piping at the
Norfolk navy-yard, Portsmouth, Virginia, $10,000.
Mr. COLE. I do not know what reason
there can be for that amendment. I have not
heard any given.
Mr. CRAGIN. A similar amendment was
inserted in the House for the yard at Iiittery,
Maine, but by mistake this amendment was
not acted upon. It is recommended by the
Department, and I have been requested to offer
it. I do not know anything about it, except
that it is stated to me by Commodore Rod-
gers, chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks,
that it is very necessary indeed, and is recom-
mended by the Secretary.
Mr. COLE. I think it is rather a remark-
able proposition. I believe no estimate what-
ever has been made for it, unless it be some-
thing since the book of estimates was made up.
I think it might as well go over until another
year, so that we may have a chance to investi-
gate it. I do not know whether there is any
real necessity for it.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will state that the sum
appropriated for the Kittery yard was $20,000.
It was proposed to make this appropriation
S20,000, but Commodore Rodgers told me they
thought they could get along with $10,000.
The Committee on Naval Affairs considered
the amendment, and authorized me to report
it, and it was sent to the Committee on Appro-
PrMr.°COLE. I think it is hardly worth while
to adopt an amendment on this bill t,o provide
for establishing a gas works in this navy-yard
this year. I do not see what real necessity
there can be for establishing gas-works at that
place, where there is certainly very little work
being done. I hope the amendment will be
voted down. „ „
Mr. CRAGIN. This is for the Norfolk
navy-yard, as I stated before. I do not feel
like pressing the amendment very much ; but
1 am satisfied myself, and so was the commit-
tee, that it is a proper amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 15, noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I move that we go into
executive session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We cannot do that with-
out a quorum.
Mr. LEWIS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ALCORN. I desire to say that the
chairman of the Naval Committee 
Mr. FLANAGAN. Is mv motion in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The last
vote disclosed the absence of a quorum, and no
business can be transacted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And debate is out of
order.
Mr. ALCORN. The committee, I believe,
have reported the necessity of this appropria-
tion. Have they, I would ask ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs have.
Mr. ALCORN. It is simply to establish
gas works at the navy-yard at Norfolk, Vir-
ginia, a necessity that the committee declares
to exist 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is compelled to remind the Senator from
Mississippi that the last vote discloses the ab-
sence of a quorum, and until a quorum is
present no proceedings can be had.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will
allow me to make a suggestion, there is, I
think, a quorum in the Chamber. If the Seri-
ate would divide again, or if we take the yeas
and nays, I think we shall find a quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is satisfied by counting the Senate that a quo-
rum is present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then he ought to enter-
tain the motion of the Senator from Texas.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is satisfied that a quorum is present, and a
quorum being present the motion of the Sen-
ator from Texas to proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business, which motion was
made before the Senator from Mississippi took
the floor, becomes in order. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Texas.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TUB UOUSK.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 1354) in relation to mineral
lands ; and
A bill (S. No. 1290) to authorize the con-
struction of a fire-proof building at Lincoln,
the capital of Nebraska.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 3948) authorizing
the construction of a bridge across the Ark-
ansas river at VanBuren, Arkansas; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 1775) for the relief of Kitty
Ann Smith, widow of Thomas Smith ; and
James A. Stevens, of the Cromwell Home
Guards, of Ohio county, Kentucky ; and it was
thereupon signed by the Vice President.
NEW YORK INDIAN LANDS IN KANSAS.
Mr. FENl'ON. I ask leave to submit a
report from a committee of conference, and
as it will take but a moment to dispose of it,
I should like to have it acted upon now.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 872) to provide for the sale of cer-
tain New York Indian lands in Kansas, having
met after full and free conference have agreed to
recommend, aud do recommend to their respective
HKuhefIIo°™'of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the Senate amendments, and
agree to the same with the following amendments,
to wit:
In Page l.line twenty-three of the bill, strike out
the words 'one year" whore they occur, and in lieu
thereof insert the words *' two years;" and that the
Senate agree to the same.
JAMES IIARLAN,
A. CALDWELL,
R. E. FJBNTON,
Managers on the part of (he Senate.
JOHN P. C. SHANKS.
WILLIAM H. UPSOtf,
ALEXANDER MITCllELL,
Managers on the part of the Hume.
The report was concurred in.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1585) to provide for the sale of the
lands of the United States containing coal:
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr, CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1586) to repeal certain rights and priv-
ileges of the Alexandria and Washington Rail-
road Company, and the Washington, Alexan-
dria, and Georgetown Railroad Company, and
for other purposes ; which was read twicc by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1587) authorizing appointments and pro-
motions in the medical and ordnance de-
partments of the Army of the United States ;
which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. IIITGIICOCKaskcd, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1589) for the relief of Albert Towle,
postmaster at Beatrice, Nebraska; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Office, and i'ost Roads, and or-
dered to be printed.
ItKPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(l-I. R. No. 3308) for the relief of Jfi. H. Jar-
rett, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
23) to enable the Secretary of War to pay tlio
expenses incurred in suppressing the Indian
hostilities in the Territory of Montana in the
year 1867, reported it without amendment.
Mr. HILL, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Ann lfi,
Boyle, praying a pension as the widow of
Junius J. Boyle, of the Navy, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 1588)
for the relief of Mrs. Ann E. lioyle.
The report was ordered to be printed ; and the
bill was read, and passed to the second reading.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business ; and after five minutes
spent in executive sessiou, the doors were
reopened, and (at four o'clock and forty-five
minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 13, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bcti.br, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read ana
approved.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE ARKANSAS.
The SPEAKER. The House yesterday,
when the hour arrived for going into joint con-
vention to count the electoral votes, was con-
sidering a request by the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Sawyer,] ot tho Committee
on Commerce, that he have leave to repoit
from that committee a bill for the construc-
tion of a bridge. The bill will be read, after
which objections, if any, will be in orncr.
