1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
42d Oong....3d Sess.
District Affairs—Mr. Roosevelt.
Ho. of Reps.
States Government in every instance, and you
will find the charges on page 47, one dollar a
yard for the same work, a little grab, if you
please, of ten cents a yard, and hardly worth
mentioning, but counting up respectably in
the end. Curbing they put at $1 25, while
they charge the United States $1 50; which
is another difference of twenty-five cents a
yard. They charge for twelve-inch tile, sewer
$1 40, and yet they demand of the Govern-
ment of the United States in every one of
these specifications five dollars. Five dollars
in place-of $1 40! Nothing is too great and
nothing is too small with the Board of Public
Works.
They charge the United States Government
for removing the cobble-stone pavement twenty
cents, whereas, according to their own con-
tract—take that on Pennsylvania avenue, No.
21, as an example—they only paid fifteen cents.-
The Board of Works is like the trunk of an
elephant, which can tear down a tree or pick
up a needle, so they can grasp a million of dol-
lars or pickup a United States five-cent piece.
These items run through the entire account
against the Government, and mainly compose
it, with the over-measurements, making it fully
double what it ought to be. But they by no
means constitute all the errors; there are false
measurem ents and charges as well. As a speci-
men of this I will as hastily and -rapidly as I
can, for my timeis rapidly running out, examine
one single reservation. I will take the items
charged for a single square, Judiciary square,
(page 49 of the report,) generally known as the
City Hall reservation, and will show an amount
of fraud in them that 1 think will astonish the
House. In the first place, there is a charge for
concrete pavement on Fifth street along the
• square; this is charged to the United States
Government at $13,491 20. But, .sir, there is
no concrete pavement there. Aunexed to the
report itself is a map on which is shown in
yellow and red lines the amounts of concrete
and wooden pavement. And this on their own
map is put down as wooden pavement and
marked yellow. But, again, sir, it is neither.
It is neither wooden nor concrete pavement.
It is bluestone pavement. And, what is more,
it was laid there by Mayor Wallach, and has
been paid for by the Government long ago.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Is that part of the
bill rendered against the Government for
which we appropriated money recently ?
Mr. ROOSEVELT. It is. And I am tell-
ing you precisely what you appropriated the
money for, item by item. You appropriated
three times the amount that was paid for the
work originally when it was laid down, and,
as I fiave said, it is' neither wooden pavement
nor concrete pavement, but bluestone; and
the Government had already paid its propor-
tion of the expense. So here thefe is a direct
overcharge of the entire amount, $13,491 20.
But let us proceed a little further, for that
is but the commencement. There is an entry
against the same reservation of seven hundred
and fifty-four lineal feet of sewer on G street,
adding up $3,770, and one thousand one
hundred teeton Fifthstreet, adding up $5,500,
both being computed at five dollars a yard. I
will next refer you to the contracts for this
very work, reminding you of what I have
already said, that the amount they pretend to
have paid for such sewers was $1 40, and not
five dollars. The first of these is on page 13,
and reads, " lay twelve-inch sewer with neces-
sary man-holes on north side of G street north,
between Fourth and Fifth streets, northwest,
O. O'Hare, $1,571 80," instead of $3,770
charged to the United States Government.
The other one is at page 6, "a twelve-inch
sewer on Fifth street northwest, George W.
Goodhall, $1,384 30," charged to the Govern-
ment at the good round figure of $o,500.
In addition to that, allow me to say tbe
Government has a sewer running diagonally
across this reservation, which was all that was
needed. I have not time to go fully intfr this
matter; but there is still another sewer in
Fourth street, eleven hundred feet long,
charged at $5,500, which so far as it exists
was built under Mayors Wallach and Bowen,
years ago, and h#,s been all paid for except
some four or five hundred dollars, for which
another appropriation bill is before Congress.
Therefore, you will observe that the amount
charged is not only a fraud, if the work is taken
at its fair value, but that it is a double fraud,
because Congress had paid for it years ago—I
believe in part as far back as 1868—or is to
be called upon to pay for ■ it under a separate
bill.
I will pass over several other items, for
there is hardly one that is not open to excep-
tion, as for instance the grading on sixth
street from B street north to B street south,
which would average at thirty-eight thousand
cubic yards six and a half feet the entire
length, or as thefillingis not computed, would
equal a cutting of thirteen feet for half the
distance, whereas in fact only a little grading
was done for the benefit of the new railroad—
a praiseworthy object no doubt, but dear at
the price; and I shall refer to one other in-
stancy and-then leave this subject. On page
16 of the report we have a statement of the
board purporting to give the total expenses of
county works, country roads, &c. In that con-
nection the board was anxious to reduce the
amount, and to show how little money they had
spent, bow economical they had been, and bow
carefully they had kept within the appropria-
tions which they were authorized to expend.
They give the amount as $123,089 72. But
when they come before this generous House
of Congress to ask for an appropriation, they
see the thing in a new light, and looking
through the other end of the magnifying glass
produce a very different result. At page 50
they give the amount which for the same pur-
poses they have charged to the United States
Government. It reads, "roads in country,
first legislative district, east of Lincoln avenue
and Bunker Hill road, $120,111 28; second
legislative district, west of Lincoln avenue and
Bunker Hill road, $214,340 24;" making a
total of $334,451 47, instead of $123,000.
The operations of the Board of Public Works
are like Milton's description of Satan and his
followers. At one moment they are large
enough to fill one half of heaven; at the next
they shrink so they can crowd upon the dry
part, the terra firma of hell. When they want
to get as much as possible from the United
States they present their operations in one
way; when they want to extract a little more
from the people they put them in a very dif-
ferent one. They make the amount small
when talking to the people; butwhen they
come to us and ask us to appropriate money,
they make it nearly three times as large.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man has asked leave to print the remainder
of his remarks.
Mr. RANDALL. But we want to hsar
them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I trust the gentle-
man will be allowed to proceed.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. We cannot spend our
time .better than in listening to the gentle-
man's speech. .
Mr. BIGGS. I move that the time of the
gentleman be extended.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That can
only be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I am willing to allow the
gentleman ten minutes further of my time.
Mr. RANDALL. Let him go on and com-
plete his remarks, and then you can answer
him.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I only want to retain the
floor in order to move:the previous question
on the pending bilJU The: gentleman can oc-
cupy all that remains of the hoof except five
minutes. But I desire to call the attention of
the House to the fact that the gentleman has
not addressed ohe word of those, remacksto
the bill now. pending, aadit is a question for
the House to determine whether they will
listen to him. t
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from the District of Columbia, states that
he yields the floor to the gentleman from New
York until twenty-five minutes to four o'clock.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. That is all the time
that remains; and I will go oil.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I would be glad if the
gentleman would address himself to this bill
in the course of his remarks.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. When I have more
time than at present I will gladly do so. I
shall now enter more fully intij some of the
matters to which I have referred, and show
more at length the large amount of expend-
itures of this board, and explain the way in
which the whole thing has been managed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I do hot object
to this discussion, but I understand that the
gentleman from New York is criticising the
action of the House in regard to a bill reported
by the Committee on Appropriations. Now,
when this matter of these District allowances
came up before the Committee on Appropria-
tions, they desired everybody who had an
interest in them, including the committee of
which I am a member and the gentleman is a
member, to come before them and investigate
the report that had been submitted, and make
any objection that could be made in regard to
any question of expenditure, &c. The gen-
tleman and myself were present there, and the
Committee on Appropriations allowed the
largest latitude of investigation, and desired
the members of the Committee for the District
of Columbia, and anybody else, to state any
objection to any of the plans submitted in
regard to these expenditures or to the ex-
penditures themselves.
The com mittee were engaged for a long time
in this investigation. I do not speak of it to
clear the committee of which I am a member
of all responsibility, but as a matter of fact,
that the Committee on Appropriations did
call us in there and ask us for this information.
After a careful investigation they reported the
amount contained in the bill which passed the
House. I believe the gentleman was not here
when that bill was reported and considered;
I think he went home and remained some two
or three weeks.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. ' The gentleman is cor-
rect. I was not here; but he knows and
every member of this House knows that I was
sick at home and confined to my room. While
I was away an amount was appropriated which
I think never would have been appropriated,
at least in that shape, had all the facts been
understood. In addition, to that this report
which I am characterizing, although made to
the House, was not printed and not in our
hands. I was deprived of an opportunity to
be present when the discussion came up. Of
this I do not complain; it was my misfortune;
but I think no insinuations should be .made
indicating that I was absent-when I could have
been present. „„ „ . .
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The report of this
Board of Public Works, or whatever it may
be called, was not in the possession ot mem-
bers of the House. There was one copy which
I saw in the House and which somebody had.
I remember that some gentleman asked wherft
a report could be obtained. We did not see
it until afterward, and of course nobody could
compare the bill which they rendered against
the Government with the facts until afterward,
