1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1323
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
collection of minerals.
Mr. WALDRQN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported the following resolution, and
moved that it be referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, with the accompanying
papers:
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
be requested to investigate and inquire into the pro-
priety of purchasing, for the mineral department of
the Smithsonian Institution, of the collection of
gold-bearing quartz and specimens of the metal in
the matrix belonging to Messrs. Robison and
Mohrhardt, of El Dorado, California, at present on
exhibition in the room of the Committee on Mines
and Mining, and,upon having ascertained their value
as a collection, make provision for their purchase
and report the same to this House.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I think the
Committee on Appropriations will not have
much time to investigate a matter of this kind.
The House has already imposed upon that
committee a great many matters which are
not really germane to their duties under the
rules. As a member of the Committee on
Appropriations, I think I venture nothing in
saying that it would be a physical impossibility
for us to make a thorough examination of the
subject-matter of this resolution. Therefore
I must object to the resolution taking that
course.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would like to
make a statement in regard to the condition
of the appropriation bills. I think that, in view
of the number of working days of this session
that are already mortgaged for business other
than appropriation bills, the House ought, to
know exactly the state those bills are in.
Mr. NEGLEY. Does this come out of the
time of the Committee 011 Mines and Mining?
The SPEAKER. Necessarily.
Mr. NEGLEY. Then I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does the gen-
tleman object, to my making a statement?
Mr. NEGLEY. I object to the gentleman
taking for that purpose the time of the Com
mittee on Mines and Mining.
Mr. LYNCH. I think it very fortunate that
the river and harbor appropriation bill was
not referred to the Committee oni Appropria-
tions, if they are so pressed for time.
Mr. WALDRON. I do not ask that this
resolution shall be adopted ; only that it shall
be referred, with the accompanying papers,
to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
STJTKO TUNNEL.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on Mines
and Mining, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
1173) to aid in the construction of the Sutro
tunnel from the proceeds of the sale of min-
eral lands, together with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute.
The question was upon agreeing to the sub-
situte; which was read, as follows:
Whereas our public land^ contain mines of the
precious metals which are unsurpassed iu extent,
and can, with proper development, be made speed-
ily to enhance the value ot all property, and thereby
i-elieve the burdor:. of the people; and whereas a
wise policy indicates that the revenue derived from
our mineral lauds should to some oxteiitbc devoted
u"uin to the much-needed development of that
important interest; and whereas Congress, by an act
annroved July 25,1866, authorized the construction
of a draining and exploring tunnel to the Comstock
lode, in the State <>i Sevaila, and granted to Adolph
Sutro certain nslitsand privileges, which have been
issued,transferred, and set over to a corporation,
dulv organized trader the laws oi the State of Cali-
fornia Mid known as the Sutro Tunnel Company j
and whereas great benefits will accrue to the people
ot the United States from the construction of said
tunnel which, as a groat geological,sinvc>, pene-
trating?into an axseiniferous ttiountam
depth than has yet been reached ^1" f^nr ^inei al
in the world, will establish the value ot mme
domain - and whereas the principal wealth ot oui
mineral regions consists in low-grade ores, which
can only bo utilized by means of ™Pr0.vedf^d'J1°;
tion,'concentration, and smelting works, io^
erection of which extraordinary
i the mouth of said tunnel! anil wheicas this woiE
bears a national character, and its m?B i u
beyond the capacity of private enterprise, and the
security offered to tho Government is ample foi the
repayment of any sums to be advanced under this
act: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized and directed to keep a separate
account of all moneys received by theUnited States
from tho sale of mineral lands, and the same shall
be used in fostering the mining interest, as Congress
may hereafter direct.
sec.2. Thatwhenevertbe Sutro Tunnel Company,
a corporation duly organized under tho laws of the
State of California, shall have hereafter completed
five hundred linear feet, in the aggregate, of its
tunnel and shafts, the Secretary of the Treasury,
upon application to him by said company, shall,
from the aforesaid moneys, or from any other mon -
eys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
pay as a loan to said company $50,000: and in like
manner shall pay as a loan to said company a like
sum upon the completion by said company of each
and every additional five hundred feet of said tun-
nel and shafts, as hereinafter specified; and if any
money shall be paid from the Treasury as aforesaid,
the same shall be repaid into the Treasury bj; money
arising from the sale of mineral lands specified t in
the first section of this act: Provided, That each in-
stallment of said loan shall be paid by the Secretary
of the Treasury to said company only after tho said
company shall have expended, according to the re-
port of the commissioners hereinafter provided for,
an additional equal amount of its own funds in tho
construction of said tunnel and shafts: And Pro-
vided further, That all paymentsunder this act shall
be made out of appropriations hereafter to be
made.
sec. 3. That the President of tho United States is
hereby authorized to appoint a board of three com-
missioners, and fix their compensation, and to fill
vacancies in said board wheneverthey occur; and
whenever tho superintendent of said company shall
file in the Interior Department his sworn affidavit*
setting forth that five hundred linear feet in the
aggregate of said tunnel and shafts have been com-
pleted in accordance with the provisions of this act,
tho Secretary of tho Interior shall thereupon notify
the said board of commissioners to examino the
same; aud it shall be thedutv of said commissioners
forthwith to make such examination; and it they find
tho same completed in conformity with this act, and
in accordance with plans and specifications of said
tunnel and shatts, to be approved by them, and tiled
in tho office of tho Secretary of tho Interior, they
shall file their report thereof with the becrotary ot
tho interior, who shall thereupon notify the Secre-
tary ot the Treasury that said company has become
entitled to tho payment of $50,0ug under section two
of this act; and the Secretary of the Treasury shall
thereupon pay to said company the sum ot money
to which it is entitled; and from Uino to tune, as
other five hundred feet of said tunnel and shatts are
completed, they shall be examined, reported upon,
ai.d like sums of money paid as hereinboioro pio-
Vldod. , rr , ,,
sec. 4. That in order to secure to the united elates
the repayment by said company ot the sums so
loaned, with interest thereon, and of tho compensa-
tion of the commissioners, the payment of said sums
shall, ipso facto, constitute a first mortgage and lien
on the whole of said tunnel, together with all the
lands, franchises, easements, privileges, engines,
buildings, and appurtenances thereunto belonging.
And the company hhall exccutcand deliver to. the
United States a mortgagoon tho lands, franchises,
easements, privileges, engines, buildings, and appur-
tenances belonging to said company, in order the
more fu-lly to secure the payment oi all sums loaned
by the United States to mud company, according to
the provisions of this act. which mortgage shall be
executed and duly recorded, to the satisfaction of
the Attorney General of tho united States._ Anu
after the completion of said main tunnel to its inter-
section with the said Comstock lode, fifty per cent,
of the net amount collected for royalty, tolls, drain-
age, transportation of ore, rock, and material, or m
any other manner, after deducting tho necessary
expenses, shall, on the 1st day of January and on
tho 1st day of July in cach year, be paid by the said
company into the Treasury of the United States,
which moneys shall be applied to and be used for
the repayment of the sums so loaned and paid, to-
gether with interest thereon at the rate of five'per
cent, per annum, until the whole amount shall be
repaid to the United States; and such net amount
shall be ascertained and reported by the commis-
sioners, upon the examination ot witnesses under
oath, and the inspection of the books and accounts
of said 'company, or otherwise, as they, may doom
proper: and on failure or refusal of said company
to pay the said sums of money, or any part of tuem,
when required so to do by the Secretary ol tholrc.ts-
ury, in accordance with tho provisions of this act,
the said tunnel, with all the lands, franchises, ease-
ments, privileges, engines, buildings, and appurte- |
nances thereunto belonging, may be taken POShC^- ;
sion of by tho president of the United StatOv, for the ,
use and benefit of the United States, as hereinafter ,
P1SiIod5d* That the conditions upon which aid shall }
be extended to said work arc as follows : 1
First. That the aggregate amount to be .
under this actshall not exceedtbesumof3-,00>.w0, ,
nj comnany shall prosccute the construction
of said tun*nel with all Seasonable dillgencc, and
shall complete the same to the Comstock lode
within five years from the date ot this act.
Second. That the said tunnel shall, from its
initial point in the foot-hill? near t.irson nyoi,
extend in a wobteiJy dnectiou four mile*, °
loBb, to and beyond the easterly limit ot the Corn-
stock lode, and branches shall be constructed from
said tunnel northerly and southerly to such extent
as may by said company bo deemed profitable and
exoedient.
Third. That said main tunnel shall, throughout
its entire length, have a eross-sectional area of at
least one hundred and forty squaro foot, including
timbers and space for drainage ; and shall, on or
before its completion, be provided with all necessary
timber supports, double railroad-tracks, and work-
ing-shafts; thewholo work to be substantial, per-
manent, and workmanlike, and to bosubjeot during
its progress to the examination and approval of the
board of commissioners herein provided for.
Fourth. Thai the last $500,000 to bo loaned un-
dor this net shall be retainod by the United States
until .after the said company shall have erected re-
duction, concentration, and smelting works, of tho
most approved kind, at or near tho mouth of said
tunnel, at a cost of at least $500,000; and thesaidsum
retained shall be paid to said company by tho Sec-
retary of tho Treasury whenever tho said commis-
sioners shall report, in the manner hereinbefore
provided for, that tho said company has complied
with all the provisions of this act.
Fifth. That before any; moneys shall be loaned by
tho United States, tho said company shall file with
the Secretary of the Interior an acceptance of this
act, execute a mortgage as aforesaid, and a declara-
tion that said company consents to be bound by the
conditions heroin imposed.
sbo. 6. That in case of failure on tho part of said
company to prosecute said work, or tocompletesaid
main tunnel within tho period herein specified, or to
keep tho same in good repair and condition, or to
repay tho full amount of said loan and interest
thcroon within twenty years from tho date of the
passage of this act, or of neglect to perform any-and
all tho conditions hereinbefore stated, at any time
prior to tho repayment of the Government of the
said sums so loaned and paid, tho President of the
United States may deolaro all rights of said com-
pany under this act forfeited, and may tako.suoh
proceedings as he may deem advisable to terminate
the possession of said company.
Mr. BANKS. I move to recommit the bill
and substitute.
The question was on the motion to recom-
mit.
Mr. BANKS addressed the House in re-
marks which will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. SARGENT rose.
Mr. wool). Mr. Speaker, has the morn-
ing hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Is it in order to
move to lay the bill on the table ?
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to be recognized
as holding the floor on this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Sargent,] who opposes the bill,
is entitled to be recognized.
republic of spain.
Mr. WOOD. J ask unanimous consent to
submit for adoption now the following resolu-
tion:
Revolved, That this House hails with satisfaction
tho progress of republican institutions in Europe,
and tenders to the people of Spain its sympathy and
good wishes in any effort they may make to estab-
lish throughout, the Spanish dominions a tree repub-
lican form of government which shall secure to all
men equality of political, religious, and social rights
and the full protection of life, liberty, and property.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. You can-
not pass an extraordinary resolution like that
without debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts objects to the resolution, and it is
not before the House.
wyoming tlsiuutoity.
The SPEAKER. The Delegate from Wyom-
ing Territory asks to introduce a bill essential
to the organization of the Legislature of that
Territory. .
Mr. SARGENT. I suppose this does not
come out of the time allowed to th© Sutro
tunnel bill. , ,.
The SPEAKE R. The gentleman lrom Cali-
fornia will be entitled to the floor when the bill
next comes up, which will be on Tuesday next.
Ten minutes of the moniiug hour are left,
which, without objection, the Chair will devote
to general business. .
I Mr. JONES, by unanimous consent, mtro-
! duced a bill (H. R. No. 3949) to provide for
1 the apportionment of the Territory of Wyorn-
I ing for legislative purposes; which was read a
' first and second time.
The. bill, which was read, provides that tin,
apportionment of the Territory-of Wyoming
