1324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
for the election of members for the next Legis-
lative Assembly of said Territory shall be
made by the Governor thereof, in accordance
with the provisions of an act to provide a tem-
porary government for the Territory of Wyom-
ing, approved July 25,1868 ; provided, for the
purpose of said apportionment, it shall not be
necessary to take a new or additional census
or enumeration of said Territory.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JONES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GREAT SALT LAKE AND PORTLAND RAILROAD.
Mr. SLATER. I ask unanimous consent
to take up and pass at this time a bill (H. It.
No. 3622) supplemental to an act entitled
"An act granting the right of way through the
public lands for the construction of a railroad
from Great Salt Lake to Portland, Oregon,"
approved April 12, 1872.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. SLATER. I hope the gentleman will
not'object.
Mr. RANDALL. Is there any land grant
in it?
Mr. SLATER. None at all.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw my objection.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Portland, Dalles, and SaltLake Railroad Com-
pany be empowered to enter upon, purchase,
take, and hold any lands or premises that may
be necessary and proper for the construction
and working of its road, in any of the Terri-
tories of the United States through which the
same shall pass, not exceeding in width one
hundred feet on each side of its center line,
unless a greater width be required for the pur-
poses of excavations and embankments; and
also any lands or premises that may be neces-
sary and proper for turnouts, standing-places
for cars, depots, station-houses, or any other
structures required in the construction and
operating of the road ; and the company shall
have the right to cut and remove trees or other
materials that might, by falling, encumber its
road-bed, though standing or being more than
one hundred feet therefrom; and in case the
owner or claimant of such lands or premises
and such company cannot agree as to the
damages, the amount shall be determined by
the appraisal of three disinterested commis-
sioners, who may be appointed upon applica-
tion by any party to any judge of a court of
record in any of the Territories in which the
lands or_ premises to be taken lie; and the
commissioners, in their assessments of dam-
ages, shall appraise such premises at what
would have been the value thereof if the road
had not been built; and upon return into court
of such appraisement, and upon the payment
to the clerk thereof of the amount so awarded
by the commissioners for the use and benefit
of the owner thereof, the premises shall be
deemed to be taken by the company, which
shall thereby acquire full title to the same for
the purposes aforesaid. And either party
feeling aggrieved by the assessment may,
within thirty days, file an appeal therefrom,
and demand a jury of twelve men to estimate
the damage sustained; but such appeal shall
not interfere with the rights of the com-
pany to enter upon the premises taken, or
to do any act necessary in the construction
of its road. And the party appealing shall
give bonds, with sufficient surety or sureties,
for the payment of any costs that may arise
upon such appeal. And in case the party ap-
pealing does not obtain a more favorable ver-
dict, such party shall pay the whole cost
incurred by the appellee, as well as his own.
And the payment into court, for the use of the
owner or claimant, of a sum equal to that finally
awarded, shall be held to vest in the company
the title of the lauds, and the right to use and
occupy the same for the construction, main-
taining, and operating of the road of the com-
pany. And in case any of the lands to be
taken as aforesaid shall be held by any person
residing without the Territory, orsubject to any
legal disability, the court may appointa proper
person, who shall give bonds, with sufficient
surety or sureties, for the faithful execution,of
his trust, and who may represent in court the
person disqualified or absent as aforesaid,
when the same proceeding shall be had in
reference to the appraisement of the premises
to be taken, and with the same effect as have
i been already described. And the title of the
' company to the land taken by virtue of this
act shall not be affected nor impaired by rea-
son of any failure by any guardian to discharge
fully his trust. And in case it shall be neces-
sary for the company to enter upon lands
which are unoccupied, and of which there is no
apparent owner or claimant, it may proceed
to take and use the same for the purpose
of its railroad, and may institute proceedings
in manner prescribed, for the purpose of ascer-
taining the value of and acquiring title to the
same; and the court may determine the kind
of notice to be served on such owner or own-
ers, and may, in its discretion, appoint an
agent or guardian to represent such owner or
owners in case of his or their incapacity or
non-appearance. But in case no claimant
shall appear within six years from the time of
the opening of the road across any land, all
claim to damages against the company shall
be barred. It shall be competent forthe legal
guardian of any infant, or any other person
under guardianship, to agree with the com-
pany as to damages sustained by reason of the
taking of lands of any such person under dis-
ability as aforesaid, for the use as aforesaid ;
and upon such agreement being made and ap-
proved by the court having supervision of the
official acts of the guardian, the guardiau shall
have full power to make and execute a con-
veyance thereof to the company, which shall
vest the title thereto in said company.
The sgcond section provides that the com-
pany shall have the right to take from the
public lands of the United States timber,
stone, and other material necessary for the
construction of the road.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SLATER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC BUILDING, LINCOLN, NEBRASKA.
Mr. TAFFE. I ask unanimous consent to
take up and pass at this time a bill (S. No.
1296) to authorize the construction of a fire-
proof building at Lincoln, the capital of
Nebraska.
There was no objection.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to cause
to be constructed a suitable brick building,
with a fire-proof brick vault extending to each
story, at Lincoln, Nebraska, for the accom-
modation of the United States circuit and
district courts, post office, and other Govern-
ment offices ; and the sum of $130,000 is here-
by appropriated, for the purpose aforesaid,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated ; and the Secretary of the
Treasury shall cause proper plans and estimates
to be made, so that no expenditure shall be
made or authorized for the full completion
of the building beyond the sum appropri-
ated ; provided that no money appropriated
shall be used or expended until a valid title
to the land for a site, independent and unex-
posed to danger from fire in adjacent buildings,
shall be vested in the United States, nor until
the State of Nebraska shall cede its jurisdic-
tion over the same, and also duly release and
relinquish to the United States the right to
tax or in any way assess the site or the prop-
erty of the United States that may be thereon
during the time that the United States shall
be or remain the owner thereof.
Mr. KERR. I suggest that bill be referred
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
Mr. TAFFE. I will state the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds have already
informally considered this bill, and are in
favor of it. I was before that committee on
the subject.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TAFFE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion ;was agreed to.
BUREAU OP STATISTICS.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS, from the Committee
of Ways and Means, reported a bill (H. R. No.
3950) to prescribe the duties of the chief of
the Bureau of Statistics; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that the offi-
cer in charge of the Bureau of Statistics, in the
Treasury Department, shall be known as the
chief of the Bureau of Statistics, and shall per-
form all the duties, exercise all the powers,
and be entitled to all the privileges, except
franking, conferred by the thirteenth section
of the act approved July 28, 1866, to protect
the revenue, and for other purposes ; and that
so much of the act approved July 20, 1868,
making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30,1869, and of
all other acts and laws as are inconsistent with
the provisions of this act, be repealed.
The bill in its second section provides that
in addition to the duties prescribed by the
thirteenth section of the act approved July 28,
1866, it shall be the further duty of the chief of
the Bureau of Statistics, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, to prepare and
submit annually to Congress a statement of the
rates of wages paid to workmen employed in
the leading industries of the several States, the
wholesale prices of leading articles of mer-
chandise in the principal markets of the
country, and the prices of the principal articles
of subsistence and domestic use, together with
similar information in regard to the same in-
dustries and articles in other countries so far
as practicable. And it shall be the further
duty of the chief annually to collect, digest,
and arrange, for the use of Congress, the sta-
tistics of the railroad and canal companies of
the United States, showing, respectively, the
amount of capital, cost of construction, the
amount of revenues and expenditures, and
dividends declared by each, the quantity of
freight transported, and the number of pas-
sengers carried during the year, and the
average per day ; the number of officers and
employes, aad their compensation, and the
casualties occurring to passengers and em-
ployes ; also, the statistics of the telegraph
companies of the _ United States, the capital,
assets, and liabilities of each, and the number
of messages transmitted, and the tariff thereon,
together with the rate of dividend declared
during the year ; and all such other informa-
tion concerning the railroad and canal com-
panies and telegraph companies as will pre-
sent a full exhibit of their condition and
operations. And it shall be the further duty
of the chief of the bureau to collect, digest,
and arrange for the use of Congress, so far as
may be practicable, the statistics of the trade
between the several States and Territories of
the United States, exhibiting separately the
quantities, value, and kind of freight trans-
ported over railroads, canals, lakes and rivers ;
also, by sea, coastwise, distinguishing, in the
latter trade, the quantities carried in sailing
