APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
[January 22,
Ho. of Reps.
Aid to Foreign Commerce—Mr. Potter.
42d Cong....3d Sbss.
amount of either has ever stood wear in this
country. To show what may be expected, I
will read from a report made to the common
council of the city of New York, by Mr.
George M. "Van Nort, at present commissioner
of public works, and for many years comp-
troller of the parks in that • city, a gentleman
who thoroughly understands the subject of
which he speaks, and a Republican :
"On the subject of themaintenahee of pavements
in this city, and the necessity of deciding in what
manner and by what means it shall be done, I
remark:
"That at present there are many kinds of pave-
ments in use, some of them durable and others very
perishable, and comprise the old-fashioned, or cub-
bies tcmo pavement, the Belgian granite, or trap-
block pavement, the Guidet improvod pavement,
several kinds of bituminous or so-called asphaitic
pavements, and several kinds of wooden pavements.
The first cost and the expense of keeping* them
in repair have been and are very variable. Prices
for new work at present range about as follows :
Per sq. yd-
1. For cobblestone pavements  £0 55
2. For Belgian or trap-block  2 40
3. For Guidet improved    6 00
4. For granite block, like trup $2 56 to 2 89
5. For Fisk bituminous or a* haltic  3 50
0. For wooden  5 00
"When not subjected to much travel the cobble-
stone pavement is durable, if well laid, and com-
paratively cheap to maintain.
"The Belgian granite or trap-block pavemont is
more expensive than the cobblestone, but is much
better for travel, and infinitely more durable under
heavy traffic, and it is more easily and cheaply re-
paired than any other kind subjected to equal wear.
The (jhiidet improved pavement has boon in ut>e
buta tew years, and gives satisfaction so far; but it
is the most expensive at first of any in use, and its
durability and proportionate cost of maintenance is
yet unknown.
"The bituminous or asphaltic pavements so far
have not proved serviceable in this city, and are ex-
pensive to lay and maintain. I am informed that in
many European cities they are well thought of, but
that in Paris the use of horses on them, unlesssmooth-
shod.is forbidden,and that great difficulty is experi-
enced in traveling on them with smooth-shod horses
m winter weather. *•
" There aro and have been many kinds of wooden
pavements laid in this city within a few years, but
so far all have proved very expensive to lay and
maintain, and it is doubtful if any form or prepara-
tion of wood can be made and maintained except at
great cost, as the same organic difficulty exieis with
all kinds, namely, speedy decomposition. Various
preparations oi the wood have been tried within tho
last ten years, but all have failed to pivwervu tho
wood from decay, and 1 am informed by Mr.Senvll,
tho consulting engineer of this depar.ment, thut
same cause prevented a continuniu-o of its ute
after the introduction of wooden pavements in this
city in the years 1835 and 1836, as it was found that
after it had been laid from two to Un ce year* it was
very expensive to keep in order, and tlvit its average
duration did not exceed five years; and also that
experiments were then tried to preserve it by satu-
rating some with gas-tar and others with corrosive
sublimate, and exposing them Under similar circum-
stances with others unprepared, and that the result
proved about alike in all the c;«ses. Of all the
wooden pavements in use the stone foundation ap-
pears to be the most durable, but not to the extent
desirable.
"The average time the pavement has been laid
is about three years, and its condition such as will
average about onehalfrottedand worn out. During
the past year there has been expended on rcpans to
wooden pavements the sum of $&5,000, which, at the
cost of four dollars per yard for relaying, gives 21,250
yards relaid, or five and a half per cent, of the
whole; and the amountof the appropriation for tho
year has been insufficient to do the needed repairs;
consequently many of the streets which were first
paved with it are in very bad condition.
"Assuming thatno more wooden pa veto en t<? will be
laid in this city, it is estimated that at least eighty
thousand square yards of renewal will be required in
each year to maintain the present quantity, and if
that is done with patented material, at the present
price of eleven dollars per yard, it Will entail an an-
nual expense of ?32(J,000for eighteen andlhree tenths
miles in length ofstreets.or an average of $17,486 per
mile per year; while the repairs to stone pavements
m two hundred and ninety miles of streets have cost
but &150.000, or an average of $517 per mile per year.
"Whether provision shall be made to maintain
the present quantity of wooden pavements by con-
tinual repairs, or whether they shall be abandoned
and the streets repaved with stone, is in the discre-
tion of your honorable body. If they are main-
tained in fair order, as before remarked, the expense
of so doing by patented materials will be at least
§320,000 per year, If they are repaved with Belgian
granite or trap-block pavements the cost of so doing,
distributed through the next five years, will be about
$187,080 per year, and if repaved with theGuidet
improved pavement through a similar period, about
$469,200 per year.
Since decay has taken place in tho wooden pave-
ment very many complaints have been made of the
offensive and unhealthy effluvia emitted from it, and
.also of its being in many places unfit to travel over.
Ibis department has used its best endeavors and all
the means at its .command to remedy the evils, but
has only been able to do so to a limited extent."
New York, which has just escaped from the
thrall of similar misrule, may recover from it
because she is wealthy and has a large com-
merce. The assessed valuation of property
there _ is over $1,000,000,000, whereas in
Washington, when the Board of Works came
into power it was only $(52,000,000. Wash-
ington has about the same population as
Newark; but while the latter has $20,000,000
in her savings banks, the former has only
$2,000,000. Already the concrete pavements
are wearing out; in two years there will not
be a vestige of them left, except a debt which
will utterly bankrupt the city, and must.cause
the property of the middle classes to change
hands. Then will come fresh applications to
Congress and well-founded complaints of the
acts of a board appointed and sustained by
Congress. Then will be a repetition of what
has more than once produced its effect. Quot-
ing from a report of 1835, I can even give
the very words which will be used in 1875, and
possibly sooner:
[February 2, 1835.]
"The Committeo on tho District of Columbia, to
whom were rcforrod tho memorial of tho corporate
authorities of tho oity of Washington, the memorial
ol' tho inhabitants of said oily, and tho memorial of
Geoigotown, report:
"That tho well-known pecuniary embarrassments
of the oity, and tho repeated appeals which have
boen heretofore made to tho justice und liberality of
Ccngress, have induced adiligent and careful exam-
ination into tho facts and principles which aro
applicable to tho case.
"Those embarrassments are of the most painlal
description The city is involved in poculiar obli-
gations, from which it is utterly impossible that it
can bo relieved hy any means within its own control
or l>y any exertions which it may mu.k  unaidod by
Congressional legislation. Its actual debts now
amount to the enormous sum of $3,806,442 59"—
This will have another figure added, and be
$18,064,425 90—
"and it has not means from which it can apply at
this time a simile dollar for its discharge. So per-
fectly exhausted have its resources become that it
will, very probably m a short t.imo, bo drivon to the
surrender of its charter by neglecting to elect, its
corporate officers, and thus bo loft upon tho hands
Of Congress to dispose of, govern, and sustain as
may best suit their own views of what is proper l'or
tho capital of the Onion.
" Tho committee cannot consider tho fact that the
city has voluntarily, and perhaps incautiously, ex-
pended money upon tho streets of the nation, with-
out the requirement ot Congress, as furnishing any
objection to refunding the whole or a part of tho
money which tho Government ought in tho first
instance to havo paid. Tho city may havo gone
further in this matter than the necessities or con-
venioneo of the Government may for tho tnno being
havo required, and there might, perhaps, with sums
propriety bo a deduction on that account; but the
expenditures were made with the geuorojus purpose
of increasing the public accommodation and render-
ing the capital of the country what it ought to be,
as well as to augment equally tho property held by
the individual inhabitants of the city and by i,S:p
Government itself; and tho improvements which it
has made have greatly enhanced both.
" There is another consideration which strengthens
the view tho committee take upon this point, Tho
immense property of the Government which has
been thus benefited has been at all times free troin
taxation, while the property of individuals, adjoin-
ing to it, has been subject thereto.
"The plan of the city was formed by the public
authorities; the dimensions of the streets determined
by them, without interference by tho inhabitants,
or regard to their particular interest or convenience.
It is a plan calculated for the magnificent capital of
a great nation"; but oppressive from its very dimen-
sions and arrangements to the inhabitants, il'its exe-
cution to any considerable extent is t,o bo thrown
upon them. No people who anticipated the exe-
cution and subsequent support of itont, of theirown
funds would ever have dic-amed of forming such a
plan. It would have been the most consummate folly.
At that period neither the Government nor the pro-
prietors contemplated that the whole, or even a largo
proportion, of the burden should be thrown upon
the inhabitants of the city."
Before concluding my remarks, I wish to
call the attention of the House and my con-
stituents to the invalidity of the so-called cer-
tificates of assessment which the boafd is now
trying to sell, and which may be offered in Wall
street. These are issued as liens upon the prop-
erty asssessed for the benefit of the improve-
ments made by the Board of Works, and bear
ten per cent, interest. The organic-law allows
one third of the expense of any improvement
to be charged to the property improved, but
provides that sue-h sum shall be collected like
other taxes. This of itself would be a fatal de-
fect. Then tbe amount of work greatly exceeds
what was authorized by the Legislative Assem-
bly, which alone could authorize any work,
and whose directions were to be- specifically
carried into execution. Again, the character
of tbe improvements was altogether different,
and finally five per cent, has been added for
what-are called contingencies, which must inev-
itably vitiate the entire assessment.
And now I warn gentlemen that this subject
is an important matter, that there are unpleas-
ant rumors and suspicions in the air, that
neglect of duty now will bring certain retribu-
tion hereafter, and that tbe House cannot
afford to neglect a body of people so pecu-
liarly under its charge as the residents of the
District of Columbia, or give them up a prey
toJ,he spoilnr. The sums involved are large,
and although the Board of Works is powerful
and triumphant now, a day of reckoning will
surely come, and then the country will inquire
into the action of Congress, which is so im-
mediately responsible for the conduct of a
commission created by itself. • Pnnishment
may sleep, but in public affairs it never dies,
and whoever falters now will regret it in the
end.
Aid to Foreign Commerce.
SPEECH OF HON. €. N. POTTER,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
January 22, 1873.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 361G) for the encouragement of the for-
eign commerce of tho United States—
Mr. POTTER said:
Mr. Sx'baker ; The general subject discussed
yesterday by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Siiellaua.rger ] so elaborately and with so
much ability is one of the highest importance,
and one which has divided opinion in this
country for some years past, and in respect of
which 1 think little progress toward any gen-
oral conclusion has yet been reached in the
popular mind. The question itself is indeed a
complicated and difficult one, involving many
considerations. For myself, 1 am opposed to
the bill now reported by the Committee on
Commerce. At the same time, 1 do not
oppose it merely because it proposes sub-
sidies in aid of foreign commerce. When
gentlemen say, as my colleague on my left
| Mr. Cox] did on yesterday, that a subsidy in
aid of foreign commerce is always a bounty
given to one industry of the country at the
expense of the others, they do not, as I think,
speak accurately. Subsidies in aid of foreign
commerce may be in the interest of the whole
country and not of any particular industry. It
has been long understood by all commercial
nations of the world that it was of advantage
to a nation to have its foreign trade carried
in its own bottoms and by its own people,
Hence it is that all the commercial nations
as well the free-trade as the protective na-
tions, have at times given subsidies in aid of
foreign commerce. Since the foreign com-
merce of the world is open to competition
between all the maritime nations, it often hap-
pens that it can be controlled to a particular
destination only by aid from the nation seek-
ing to control it. There may be points where
