360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January (>,
There has been a report made by the Judiciary
Committee of the Senate, after full consider-
ation, wherein they hold that, by the legis-
lation of 1864, it was provided that the interest
should only be paid to the extent and in the
manner it has now been paid. And in con-
sequence of tbat report there has been
legislation initiated by the Senate and con-
firmed by the House wherein the action of
the company, in paying to the extent and
in the manner they have now paid, was
regulated by law. That is my recollection.
And if it is alleged that in keeping back
interest at the present time they are guilty
of fraud, that is a matter which should be
inquired into.
Mr. RANDALL. That can be best determ-
ined by the courts of justice.
The question being put on suspending the
rules and adopting the resolution, there were—
ayes 63, noes 41; no quorum voting.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask for the yeas and
nays. I say there is not an individual mem-
ber of this House who, if placed in a similar
position to that of the Government, would not
adopt a proceeding similar to what is here
proposed.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BDRCHARD. Has the resolution been
modified?
Mr. RANDALL. I have modified it in the
way suggested, by inserting after the words
" two attorneys well learned in the law, at just
and reasonable compensation" the words
"under the direction of the Department of
Justice."
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I ask for
the reading of the resolution as modified.
. The resolution as modified was read.
The question was taken upon Mr. Ran-
dall's motion to suspend the rules ; and there
were—yeas 93, nays 25, not voting 123 ; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ames, Arthur,
Erasmus W.Beck, James B. Beck,Bell, Austin Blair,
James G. Blair, Boarman, Braxton, Bright, Baffin-
ton, Burchard, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Cobb,
Coburn, Conger, Cox, Crossland, Davis, DeLarge,
DuBose, Duke, Eames, Eldredge, Farnsworth,iink-
elnburg, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D.
Foster, Garfield, Garrett, Giddings. Golladay, Halde-
man, Hancock, Hanks, Harper, George E. Harris,
John X. Harris, Havens, Joseph R. Hawley, Here-
ford, Herndon, Hibbard, Holman, Kerr. King. Leach,
Lowe, Manson, Marshall, McClelland, McCormick,
McGrew, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroe,
Moore, Morey, Niblack, Packard, Hosea W. Parker,
Isaac C. Parker. Pendleton,Porter, Rainey, Randall,
Kead, Edward Y.Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Wil-
liam R. Roberts, Shanks, SheUabarger, Sherwood,
Slater, Sloss, H. Boardman Smith, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Sutherland, Terry,Tur-
ner, Wakeman, Whitthorne, Willard, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, and Young—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Barry, Donnan, Dunnell, Frye,
Hale, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, McKee, Merriam,
Negley, Palmer, Perce. Piatt, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk,
Sargent, Stonghton, Stowell.St. John,Taffe, Twich-
ell, Upson, Wheeler, and Williams of Indiana—25.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Averill,
Banks, Barber, Barnum, Beatty, Beveridge, Bigby,
Biggs,Bingham, Bird, Boles, Brooks, Buckley, Bur-
dett, Benjamin F. Butler, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke,
Coghlan, Comingo, Conner, Cotton, Crebs, Creely,
Critcher, Crocker, Darrall, Dawes, Dickey, Dodds,
Dox, Duell, Elliott. Ely, Esty, Farwell, Forked
Getz. Goodrich, Griffith, Halsey, Hambleton, Hand-
ley, Banner, John B. Hawley, Hay, Hays, Gerry W.
Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Kolley, Kellogg,
Kendall, Ketchain, Killinger, Kinsella, Lamison,
Lamport, Lansing, Lewis, Lynch, Maynard, Mc-
Cjary, McHenry, Mclntyre, McJunkin, McKinney,
McNeely. Mitchell, Morgan, Morphia, Leonard
Myers. Orr, Packer, Peek. Perry, Peters, Poland,
Potter, Pnoe, Pnndle, Robinson, John Rogers, Sion
H. Rogers, Roosevelt, Sawyer, Scofield, Seeley, Ses-
sions. Sheldon, Shober, Shoemaker, Slocum, John
A. Smith. Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder.
Speer, Sprague. Swann, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend, Washington Townsend, Tuthill, Tyner
Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Waiden,
Waldron, Wallace. Walls, Warren, Wells, Whiteley.
Williams of New York, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
and Wood—123.
The SPEAKER. Two thirdshave voted in
the affirmative, but no quorum has voted.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that there be a
call of the House.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
44, noes 23.
So a call of the House was ordered.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to inquire
how many the vote lacked of a quorum ?
The SPEAKER. One hundred and eight-
een voted, and a quorum is one hundred and
twenty-one.
Mr. RANDALL. I have reason to believe
that there are some gentlemen on the floor
who have not voted, and I would like to have
the absentees read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of
nothing in the rules tbat would authorize that
to be done.
Mr. ELDREDGE. What effect would an
adjournment now have upon this question ?
The SPEAKER. The motion of. the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
will be the first thing in order after the morn-
ing hour on Monday next.
Mr. PERCE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was put; and the motion to
adjourn was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered
a call of the House, and the Clerk will pro-
ceed to call the roll of members.
The roll was called, and the following mem-
bers failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Archer, Averill, Banks,
Barnum, Beatty, Beveridge, Bigby, Biggs, Bird,
Boles, Brooks, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butlir, Camp-
bell, Carroll,Clarke,Comingo, Crebs,CreelyJOritcher,
Crocker, Dan-all, Dawes, Dickey, Dx>dd8, Do*, Du-
Bose, Duell, Elliott, Ely, Esty, Farwell, Forker, Getz,
Goodrich, Griffith. Halsey, Hambleton, Hamdley,
Hay, Hays, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kendall, Killinger, Kinsella, Lamison, Lamport,
Lansing, Lewis, McCormick, McHenry, Mclntyre,
McJunkin, McNeely, Mitchell, Morgan, Morphis,
Packer, Peck, Perry, Peters, Price, Prindle, Rob-
inson, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers. Roosevelt,
Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions, Sheldon, Shober, Shoe-
maker, Sloeum, Worthington C.Smith, Snapp, Sny-
der, Speer, Sprague, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend, Washington Townsend. Tuthill, Tyner,
Van Trump, Vaugan, Voorhees, Waddell Waldron,
Wallace, Walls. Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley, Wil-
liams, of New York, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
ana Wood.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana. I desire to
state that Mr. Ttnes, ray colleague, is absent
on account of sickness in his family.
The SPEAKER. The roll-call shows the
presence of one hundred and thirty'-iseven
members; more than a quorum.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the House shonld
adjourn now, what would be the condition of
the resolution of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Randall?]
The SPEAKER. It would be the first
thing in order after the morning hour of Mon-
day next.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I move that the
House now adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope there will be no
filibustering on this resolution. If there is no
objection, as there is a quorum present, and a
large majority of the House have vqted for the
resolution, I will not press a further call of
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
under the practice of the House it would be
necessary to call them again. The first ques-
tion, however, is upon the motion to adjourn.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 48, noes 68.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. MAYNARD called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, there be-
ing twenty-five in the affirmative; more than
one fifth of the last vote.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 45, nays 84, not voting 112; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Ames, Barber, Austin
Blair, Burchard. Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Co-
burn, Coghlan, Conner, Cotton. De Large, Dunn ell,
Eames, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Garrett,
Havens. John B. Hawley. Houghton. Lamport,
Leach, Maynard, McCrary, McGrew. McKee, Moore,
Morey, Orr, Packard, Perce, Plait, Poland, Porter,
Rusk, Sargent, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith,
Stonghton, Stowell, St. John, Turner, Twichell,
Wakeman, and Wheeler—45.
NAYS—Messrs. Aeker, Arthur, Barry, Erasmus
W. Beck, James B. Beck, Bell, Boarman, Braxton,
Bright, Buffinton, Caldwell, Cobb, Conger, Cox,
Grassland, Donnan, Duke, Eldredge, Finkelnburg,
Henry D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Giddings. Golla-
day, Haldeman. Hale. Hancock, Harmer, Harper,
George E. Harris, John T. Harris, Joseph R. Haw-
ley, Gerry W. Hazelton, Hereford, Herndon. Hib-
bard, Hoar, Holman. Kerr, Ketcham, King, Lynch,
Manson, Marshall. MoClelland, McCormick, Mer-
riam, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroe,
Leonard Myers, Negley. Niblack, Palmer, Hosea
W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton, Potter,
Rainey, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Kioe, John M.
Rice, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts,
Shanks, SheUabarger, Sherwood, Slater, Slocum,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Suther-
land, Swann, Taffe, Terry, Waiden, Whitthorne,
Willard, Williams of Indiana, and Jeremiah M.
' Wilson—84.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Averill,
Banks, Barnum. Beatty. Beveridge, Bigby, Biggs,
Bingham, Bird, JamesG.Blair, Boles, Brooks.Buck-
ley, Benjamin F. Butler, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke,
Comingo, Crebs, Creely. Critoner, Crocker, Darrall,
Davis, Dawes, Dickey, Dodds, Dox, DuBose. Duell,
Elliott, Ely, Esty, Farnsworth, Farwell, Forker,
Getz, Goodrich, Griffith, Halsey, Hambleton, Hand-
ley, Hanks, Hay, Hays, John W. Hazelton, Hill,
Hooper, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall. Killinger, Kia-
i sella, Lamison, Lansing, Lewis, Lowe, McHenry,
I Mclntyre, McJunkin, MeKinney, McNeely, Mitch-
' ell, Morgan, Morphia, Packer, Peck. Perry. Peters,
Price, Prindle, Robinson, John Rogers, Sion H.
Rogers, Roosevelt, Sawyer, Scofield, Seeley, Ses-
sions, Sheldon, Shober, Shoemaker, Sloss, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Snapp. Snyder, Speer, Sprague,
Sypher, Thomas, Dwignt Townsend, Washington
i Townsend, Tuthill, Tyner, Upson, Van Trump,
■ Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell. Waldron, Wallace,
' Walls, Warren, Wells, Whiteley, Williams of New
York, John T. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and
I Young—112.
| So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask that my resolution
may be again read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would call at-
tention of the House to the fact that there has
Wen no order of the House to dispense with
further proceedings under the call. Upon the
announcement by the Chair that a quorum of
members hod answered to their names, the
motion to adjourn was made.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that all further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I now ask that my reso-
lution be again read.
The resolution was read.
Mr. MAYNARD. This proposition, to
have any effect, ought to be in the shape of a
law. It directs the President to employ
counsel for a particular purpose, but makes
no appropriation for their compensation.
Mr. RANDALL. I explained very fully
about that matter, some time ago.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. Is it in order,
Mr. Speaker, to offer a substitute for this
resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, unless the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania yields for that pur-
pose.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not yield farther.
Mr. PLATT. I suggest to the gentleman
to include in his resolution the Central Pacific
railroadt as that oompany is also in arrears.
Mr. RANDALL. I can hit but one man
with one stick at the same time. [Laughter.]
After we have passed this resolution, I shall
be glad to have one adopted with reference to
the other company. I wish to practice no
favoritism in this matter.
The question was again taken on suspending
the rules and agreeing to the resolution of
Mr. Randall ; and there were—yeas 99, nays
23, not voting 119-; as follows:
YBAS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Arthar, Barber,
Erasmus W, Beek, James B. Beck. Biogh«un, Austin
Blair, James G. Blair, Boarman, Braxton, Bright,
Buffinton, BurchaTd, Burdett, Cobb, Coburn, Cogh-
lan, Coager, Cox, Crossland,Davis,DeLarge. Duke,
Eames, Bldredge, Farnsworth, Finkelnb«rg,Charles
Foster, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Foster. Gar-
field, Garrett, Giddings, Golladay, Haldeman, Han-
cock, Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris,
Havens, John B. Hawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Gerry
W. Hazelton, Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard, Holman.
Kerr, King, Lamport. Leach, Lowe, Lynch, Man -
son, Marshall, MeClelland, MoCormiok, McGrew,
Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroe, Morey,
Niblack, Packard, B-osea W. Parker, Isaac C.
Parker, Pendleton, Porter, Rainey, Randall, Read,
Edward Y.Rice, JohnM. Rice, Ritchie, William R.
