1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
Roberts, Scofield, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Slater. Slow. H. Boardman Smith. John A. Smith,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson. Storm, Suther-
land, Swann, Terry, Turner, Upson, Wakeman,
Walden, Whitthornc, Willard, Jeremiah M. Wil-
son, and Young—99. I
NAYS—Messre. Adams, Barry, Roderick R. But-
lex, Donnan, Duel], Dunnell, Frye, Hoar, Hough-
ton. McCrary, McKee. Merriam, Negley, Orr, Pal-
mer, Peroe, Ellis H. Roberts. Sargent, Stoughton,
Stowell, St. John. Taffe, and Wheeler—23.
>"0T VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Averill,
Banks, Barnum, Beatty, Bell. Beveridge, Blgby,
Biggs. Bird, Bolee, Brooks. Buckley, Benjamin F.
Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Co-
imngo. Conner, Cotton, Crebs, Creely, Critcher,
Orooker. Darrall. Dawes, Dickey, Dodds, Dox, Du-
Bose, Elliott. Ely. Esty, Farwell, Forker, Getr,
Goodrich, tiriifitb, Hale, Halsey, Uambleton, Hand-
ley. Hanks, Harmer, Hiw, Hays, John W. Haxelton,
Hill, Hooper, Kellcy, Kellogg, Kendall, Ketcham,
liillimrer, Kinselln. Lamison, Lansing, Lewis, May-
nard, MoHenry, Mclntyre, McJunkin. McKinney,
M cNeely, Mitchell, Moore. Morgan, Morphis,Leon-
ard Myers, Packer, Peck, Perry. Peters. Piatt, Po-
land. Potter. Price, Prindle, Robinsen, John Rogers,
Sion 11. Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sawyer, Seeley,
Sessions, Sheldon, Sbober, Shoemaker, Slooum,
Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Speer,
Sprague, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Wash-
ington Towasend, Tnthill, Twichell, Tyner, Van
Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Waldron,
Wallace, Walls, Warren, Wells, Whiteley, Williams
of Indiana.Williams of New York, John T. Wilson,
Winchester, and Wood—119.
The roll-call having been concluded.
The SPEAKER. Upon the motion to sus-
pend the rales and agree to this resolution
the yeas are 99 and the nays 23, making 122
votes, one less a quorum. The Chair votes
in the affirmative, making a quorum, and the
resolution is adopted.
ADMISSION OF COLORADO.
Mr. TAFFE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented from the Committee on Territories a
report upon the admission of Colorado as a
State; which was ordered to be printed and
recommitted, not to be brought back on a
motion to reconsider.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. RANDALL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3348) further
supplementary to an act entitled "An act to
provide a national currency secnred by pledge
of United States bonds and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June 3, 1864 ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Banking and Currency, and ordered to be
printed.
HERMAN TUERK.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3349) to
amend an act entitled "An act for the relief of
Herman Tuerk," approved February 25, 1863;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
CREDIT MOBILIER INVESTIGATION.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the reso-
lution whica I send to the desk be adopted.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
jHenobmd, That a select committee of five members
of this House be appointed by the Speaker, and
such committee be, and is hereby, instructed to in-
quire whether or not any person connected with the
organization or association commonly known as the
"Credit Mobilier,"now holds any of the bonds of
the Union Pacifio Railroad Company, for the pay-
ment of which, or the interest thereon, the United
States is in any way liable; and whetberor not such
holders, if any, or their assignees, of such bonds are
holders in good faith and for value, or procured the
same illegally or by fraud, and whether or not the
United States may properly refuse to pay interest
thereon, or the principal thereof when the game
shall become dne, and whether or not any relin-
quishment of first mortgage lien that may have
heretofore been made by the United States with
reference to the bonds of said railroad company may
be set aside, and to inquire into the character and
purpose of suoh organization, and what officers of
the United States or members of Congress have at
any time been connected therewith, what connec-
tion it had with the contracts for the construction of
said Union Pacific Railroad Company, and to report
the facts to this Hoose, together with such bill as
may be necessary to protect the interests of the
United States on aecount of any of the bonds of the
class hereinbefore referred to; and said committee
is authorized to send for persons and papers, and to
report at any time.
Mr. LYNCH. I suggest it go to the same
committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, no; let
him have a separate committee.
The rules were suspended, and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
PEACE MONUMENT.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I move to sus-
pend the rules and to pass the following reso-
lution :
The Clerk read as follows :
Reunited, That the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds be instructed to report to this
House a bill providing for the erection in the city
of Washington of a monument which shall fitly
commemorate the peaceful adjustment by arbitra-
tion of differences threatening war between the
people of the United States and Her Britannio Ma-
jesty's Government and bear perpetual witness to
our people and to the world that there is a higher
and better statesmanship than the statesman ship of
war.
Mr. LYNCH. I hope the gentleman will
amend his resolution so the monument will be
begun after the completion of the Washington
Monument. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. We had better adjourn than
pass a resolution of that kind. It does not
express the truth in the first place.
The rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lution was not adopted.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to take
up from the Speaker's table the amendments
of the Senate to House bill No. 3131, making
appropriations to supply deficiencies for the
service of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We can do that at
any time on the report of the committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Tney are on
the Speaker's table. They are merely verbal
amendments, and the committee recommend
concurrence.
The amendments were taken up and con-
curred in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the Senate amend-
ments were concurred in; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was concurred in
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled the
following bills; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 1048) supplemental to
and amendatory of an act entitled "An act
to prescribe the mode of obtaining evidence
in cases of contested elections, approved
February 19, 1851;
An act (H. R. No. 2206) for the payment of
R. M. Green for the use of his patent by the
Government:
An act (El. R. No. 2606) repealing an act
entitled "An act granting a pension to Joanna
L. Shaw
An act (H. R. No. 2775) for the relief of
Samuel B. Elliott, late acting purser of the
United States vessel of war, The Flirt;
An act (H. R. No. 2900) for the relief of
S. D. Cochran;
An act (EL R. No. 2990) making appropri-
ations for the payment of invalid ana other
pensions of the United States for the year
ending June 80, 1874 ;
An act (H. R. No. 8005) for the extension
of time to the Winona and St. Peter Railroad
Company for the completion of its road ;
An act (H. R. No. 3257) to provide for the
expenses of the commission to inquire Into
depredations on the frontier of the State of
Texas; and
An act (H. R. No. 3250) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue an Ameri-
can register to the English-built wrecked
schooner N. 3. Miller.
GENERAL JAMES U. CARLETON.
On motion of Mr. HOLM AN, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the case of
General James H. Carleton.
GEORGE DENNY.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from the
files of the House the memorial of George
Denny, of Kentucky, for pay for certain prop-
erty, with the accompanying papers.
DWIGHT AND FRANK HAYES.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi,
by unanimous consent, leave was given to
withdraw from the files of the House the
papers in the case of Dwight and Frank Hayes,
of Mississippi.
LEAVH OF ABSENCE.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence for
one week was granted to Mr. Rogers, of New
York.
By unanimous consent, indefinite leave of
absence was granted to Mr. Getz, on account
of sickness in his family.
UNITED STATES CONSULAR AGENCIES.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
| consent, from the Committee on Appropria-
tions, reported back the executive document
"in regard to consular agencies of the United
States, and moved that the Committee on
Appropriations be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the ^ame,. and that it be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion w.as agreed to.
SWAMP LANDS ON POTOMAC RIVER.
Mr. CHIPMAN moved that, tlie rules be so
suspended as to enable him to submit and
the House to adopt the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Attorney General be, and he is
hereby, requested to report to this House whether
the United States at any time issued a patent or
patents to any swamp lands situate on the Potomac
river, on the eastern branch thereof, from the Little
Falls of the Potomac to Benning's bridge on said
eastern branch; and if so, to report whether, in his
opinion, such patent or patents convey a valid title.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in the affirmative,) and the resolution was
adopted.
VETO MESSAGE EDMUND JDSSEN.
The SPEAKER. A veto message has been
received from the President of the United
States, which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read as follows;
To the ffoute of Representative# .*
I return herewith for the further oonsideration of
Congress House bill No. 2291, entitled "An act for
the relief of Edmund Jussen," to which I have not
appended my approval for the following reasons:
The bill directs the accounting officers to transfer
from Mr. Jussen's aceount to that of his successor
all indebtedness arising from the loss or destruction
or non-taking of warehouse bonds on certain spirits
destroyed by fire. This provision would be wholly
ineffective, in so far as it proposes to increase the
liability of Mr. Jussen's successor, he having been
appointed subsequently to the destruction of tho
spirits. It might operate to relieve Mr. Jussen, but
it seems probable that be is_already relieved by tee
act of May 27, 1872, passed sinoe the introduction of
this bill. That act provides for the rebatement of
taxes on distilled spirits destroyed by fire, except
in cases where the owners of such spirits may be
indemnified against tax by a valid claim of insur-
ance. The relief of the tax-payers of course in-
cludes the relief of collectors from liability caused
by failure to take bonds. It does not appear
whether there was any insurance is this ease. If
not, the applicant is already relieved. But if there
was an insurance, the effect of this bill, if it became
a law. might be to except Mr. Jussen from tho
operation of the general rule established by the
proviso of the act of May 27, 1872. If such excep-
tion be proper it should not be confined to an indi-
vidual case, but extended to all. If there was an
insnrance, this bill would relieve 11 r. Jussen from
the liability with which it is very doubtful if his
successor could be legally charged, or with which he
ought to be charged. U. S. GRAITT.
EsECtrfivi Mansion, January 8,187S.
Mr. HOLMAN. I presume the bill to which
this veto message applies belongs properly to
to the Committefe on Appropriations, or the
Committee of Ways and Means. I suggest that
the message lie on the table for a day or two.
