1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
26
Aid to Foreign Commerce—Mr. Potter.
Ho. of Kefs.
the trade is not of importance enough of itself
to support regular lines of communication,
althpugn jet of sufficient importance to war-
rant a Government, in giving some aid to the
carrier in order that communication with those
points may be established in its own bottoms.
I understand that into nearly all the little West
India islands a British or French subsidized
steamer looks once a week or once a month,
as the case may be, and thus keeps up. a trade
with Great Britain or with France, not in itself
of sufficient importance to support lines of
communication, but which, with the aid of Gov-
ernment, the ship-owner is enabled to carry on.
And if Government aid is extended in such
cases, and is warranted by the importance of
the trade thus secured, such aid is for the
benefit of the whole nation which grants the
subsidy, and not merely for the benefit of the
ship-owner or of any particular interest of the
nation.
So with regard to the trades, in respect of
which there is great competition, like the
trade with Great Britain or the continent of
Europe. It is often the interest of maritime
nations to give some assistance to its car-
riers, in order that they may thereby be enabled
to compete successfully with the carriers of
rival nations for such a trade, by being able with
such Government aid to carry more cheaply
than their rivals do. A subsidy thus granted,
if wisely granted, is not, I think, in the aid of
a particular industry, but in the aid of the
whole community granting it. I£ it costs two
dollars a ton to bring goods from a given port
to the port of New York, and our Government
to control that trade should give fifty cents a
ton to its carriers, so that they would thus be
enabled to move the goods at $1 50 per ton
freight and thereby control the trade, it would,
if the trade were of sufficient importance, be
doing a wise thing, and the half dollar thus given
by the Government would inure to the benefit,
not only of the carrier, but of the Government
which so invested it.
The question, then, of granting any subsidy
in aid of foreign commerce should be, not
whether it is a grant by the Government of
bounty, but whether it is a grant by the Gov-
ernment of a bounty which will result in ben-
efits so great, having regard to the whole coun-
try together, that it may be wisely and prop-
erly ceded.
Now, whether a particular subsidy should
be granted is always a complicated and diffi-
cult question, a questionin regard of which, in
the present state of commercial affairs in the
world, even the men connected with trade who
are best informed will differ. I n England they
have a department of the Government called
the Board of trade, and propositions for sub-
sidies are first submitted to that department
ofthe Government for their consideration ; and,
as I understandit, theGovernmentthere grants
no subsidy and furnishes no aid which is not
approved and recommended by this Board of
trade.
The first section of this bill, which looks to
the appointment of a commission, is in imita-
tion, as I understand the gentleman from Ohio,
of the Board of trade of Great Britain; and
so far it seems to me to look in the right direc-
tion. That is to say, if we are going into this
business of subsidies, then we ought to have
some permanent body competent to inquire,
disinterested to investigate, and able to wisely
determine where the Government should give,
and where it should not give subsidies. In
short, to determine where a profitable trade
can be developed only by the aid of the subsidy
proposed. For there are many points with
which no profitable trade can be developed,
even if a subsidy should be given. For ex-
ample, for our Government to give a subsidy
to establish a line of steamers between New
York and Greenland would be an absurdity,
because between New York and Greenland
no profitable trade can ever be built up •
whereas it might be entirely proper to give" a
subsidy to establish a line of steamers between
New York and Liverpool.
Now, I say that the selection of the trades
which it is the interest of the Government to
aid by subsidy, in case it be determined to be
the policy of the Government to give various
subsidies, should, in the first instance, be left
to some permanent body, competent and disin-
terested, to investigate and pass upon. If I
supposed^ the policy of subsidies to commerce
wilh foreign nations was to be gone into gen-
erally by the Government, then I should be in
favor of some sort of permanent commission
on the subject. Not, to be sure, that recom-
mended by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
SheIjLABaiiger,] but some sort of permanent
commission to deal with that question. But
the gentleman's bill, after providing for a com-
mission, instead of leaving it-to select the lines
to be aided, goes on to provide for six sub-
sidized lines; one to Great Britain, one to the
continent of Europe, one to the West India
islands, one to Mexico, one to Australia, and
another from New Orleans to the West Indies.
Now, it does not seem to me that in the ex-
isting condition of things it is the policy of
this Government to establish these proposed
subsidized lines, for the reason that I do not
believe the trade sought to be reached can be
controlled even by these subsidized lines, if
established. Take, for instance, the line to
Great Britian, the country with which our
trade is most important. 1 am constrained to
think 'no American line, even if aided by
subsidies, can now obtain the control or an
important share of that trade. In order to
participate in that trade, our carrying must
be conducted in steamships of the first class,
sailing upon fixed and well-known days. To
establish such a line of steamers a vast amount
of capital is required. One difficulty the cit-
izen of the United States is subjected to in
establishing such a line of steamers is the
increased cost in this country of the vessels
and their machinery necessary for the trade,
and the higher rates, at which alone capital
can be obtained, with which to embark in
that business. To these disadvantages is to be
added the higher cost of supplies, the higher
rates of wages, and the high rates of taxation.
Now, I agree with the gentleman from Ohio,
that the very first thing to be done by Con-
gress in aid of shipping should be to remove
every form of taxation from not only the mater-
ials, but also the coals, stores, and supplies that
enter into the construction and navigation of
vessels in the foreign trade. And until Con-
gress does that it would be absurd to admit
foreign-built vessels free of duty, since that
would allow the foreigners to introduce the
ships they built without charge, while we still
kept our citizens subject, under existing tariffs,
to serious charges tor the very materials re-
quired for a ship which the foreigner would
thus be allowed to bring into the country in a
manufactured state without any charge at all.
This would be to give a bounty to the foreign
ship-builders. But to remove the taxes upon
all these articles that enter into the construc-
tion of vessels in the foreign trade, whether be-
yond that we give subsidies or permit free
ships, seems to me, in any event, wise. We
gain little or nothing for the Treasury by such
taxes now, as we are hardly, except for sub-
sidized companies, building any ships for
the foreign trade; and by relieving our ship-
builders and ship-owners from those taxes we,
to that extent, place them on an equality with
foreign ship-builders.
But after all, Mr. Speaker, when yon have
relieved your ship-owner in these respects,
when you have by subsidies so aided him that,
in respect of the expense of running his ves-
sels, he is upon an equal footing with the
foreigner, which is one of the purposes of a
subsidy, still you will find there remain'car-
tain disadvantages which, in the nature of
things, are not to be immediately overcome.
These disadvantages are: first, that the for-
eigner has now obtained the controi of the
organization, of the machinery, of the'Cjhsii-
nels of the European carrying trade'; and that
is one of those advantages most difficult to
overcome. Secondly, gentlemen who rely on
restoring the European trade to American
bottoms by subsidies leave out of sight; in
their calculation for recovering that trade, the
nature and_ effect of immigration. There is
an entire difference between the Pacific trad-e
and the Atlantic trade in these respects, 'fof
while we have lost the Atlantic trade we retain
the Pacific trade, and while the immigrant
passengers are the most important item of the
Atlantic trade, they are not of the Pacific trade.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. We
retain the Pacific trade only by subsidies.
Mr. POTTER. We have actually got the
Pacific trade to-day. My friend says "only
by subsidies." That is to a certain extent true.
That is, by subsidies we have provided for
keeping out foreign competition. But we
have retained that trade thus far partly be-
cause it is our citizens who commenced that
trade, and who, during the last twenty-five
years, built up a great commerce, whose or-
ganization, nothwithstandingthe disadvantages
to which the American shipper is exposed,
has enabled them thus far to control the trade
of the Pacific, and, with the aid of subsidies
heretofore granted by Congress, will, I trust,
enable our citizens to control it in the future.
So far as regards the Pacific trade there is,
then, no question of subsidies before us, except
in respect of the Australian line. And I think
if that question were how to be considered, I
should differ from my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Shellabarger] ip respect of the importance
of that commerce and the extent to which it
can be developed.
Indeed this bill must be disposed of with
reference to its effect on our Atlantic com-
merce, for we now control in our own bottoms
our Pacific commerce, and this bill looks
almost entirely to building up by subsidies com-
merce on the Atlantic in American bottoms.
Let me therefore say further, in regard of
controlling this European commerce, that we
are apt to underrate the importance of the ex
isting organizations, and the influence result-
ing from regular and-long-established lines of
steamships. Between New York and England
we have now two lines of British steamships,
the Inman and Cunard lines, which are of many
years, one of them, the Cunard line, of more
than thirty years' standing. When a man
wants to go from this country to England he
will be apt to bear in mind the fact that for
thirty years the steamers of that line have
navigated the ocean, in winter and in sum-
mer, in storm and in calm, passing from con-
tinent to continent at least once a week, most
of the time twice a week, each way. And yet
it alone of all the great lines of Atlantic steam-
ers has never, I believe, lost a passenger.
That fact is a just source of advantage and of
honor to that line. It is a part of the capital
of that company, and you cannot furnish' it, to
any new line of whatever nationality by 'any
amount Of subsidy that may be given it.
And so in respect of all the control growing
out of the organization and long establishment
of a trade in particular hands. The greater
the machine, the more difficult the establish-
ment of the trade; the more successful its
working, the more difficult it will be found to
get it into new hands. The European carryhig
trade has, I repeat, already, and ever since the
war, passed into the hands of the foreigners,
and in order to get it out of their hands we
have not only disadvantages of cost and capi-
tal to overcome—those we can compensate for
by subsidies—but also the greater disadvaut-
