26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 29,
Ho. of Reps.
Florida Contested Election—Mr. Arthur.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
ages that we must compete with the foreigner's
existing organizations, organizations long es-
tablished, with great capital and great power,
which must, for their own sakes, and with their
own means, resist the efforts of oar citizens to
get possession of the trade.
Beyond that there remains another very
important consideration, that of immigration.
Five sixths of all the immigrants from Europe
to the United States come to the port, of New
York; the great body of the foreign commerce
of the United States also comes to the port
of New York. Why? Because New York
has various natural advantages in respect of
trade, but more because New York for every
ship that goes to Europe has a return cargo
in the form of the most profitable of all car-
goes, immigrants.
A man can ship cotton from Savannah and
send it direct to Liverpool. But he will not
do it. Why ? Because when the ship goes to
Liverpool it will find no return cargo to Sa-
vannah, but it will find one to New York.
Therefore, he finds by experience that it is
cheaper to ship his cotton to New York and
send it from there to Liverpool, for so far as
steam vessels are concerned they can always
find some portion of a return cargo to New
York in the form of immigrants.
Immigrants are the most valuable paying
portion of a cargo. An immigrant costs very
little more to bring than 4 bale of goods. He
does not weigh any more than a barrel of flour.
To be sure, they cannot be packed so closely
as dead freight upou a ship, although they are
packed far too closely as it is. But coming as
they do they bring the owners a larger return
than any other form of freight. As a whole
they form the most valuable part of freight for
steam vessels from Europe to the United
States.
Now, there is this disadvantge our citizens
must encounter in attempting to compete for
carrying this immigration from Europe to the
United States: the immigrants who come
here are generally from Ireland or from Ger-
many. In competing for the Irish trade, the
subjects of Great Britain will always, other
things being equal, take the Iriish emigrants
away from us. In competing for the German
trade, the Germans will always, other things
being equal, take the German emigrants from
us.
I had occasion to know something about
two lines from New York to north Europe,
which were established with a view to the
German emigration ;• and I .learned that it
was necessary for the ship-owners to pay to
brokers and agents a large percentage of the
passage money in order to procure passengers.
These enormous charges the German lines run-
ning between those ports were, I think, not
subjected to. In order to put our people on an
equal footing it was necessary either to re-
duce the passage money, or, what amounted to
the same thing, allow a commission of nearly
one fifth to agents, &c. The amount of this
commission happened to be all the profit
there was in that trade. At least both those
lines, while continuing the trade, came to grief.
Establish an American line of steamers;
subsidize it so as to overcome the discrepancy
in respect to cost and capital, and the ex-
penses of working it, and even something be-
yond that; and when the steamers of that line
go to the harbor of Queenstown, how are
they to compete for Irishmen coming to this
country with the British lines, managed by
those who have the same habits and the same
accent with the immigrants whose patronage
they seek; who have also their confidence,
and who have been engaged for twenty or
thirty years in bringing their relatives and
friends to this country, and bringing them
successfully ?
Just so, only more markedly, it will be with
Germany; because there comes in a difference
of language. Oar people do not speak the
German language; we are more strange to a
native of Germany than even to a native of
Great Britain; and the tendency of the Ger-
mans to travel in ships of their own national-
ity may be naturally expected to be even more
decided than that of the Irish. Hence it seems
to me that there is in this question of regaining
the European carrying trade an element which
has been overlooked and which enables the
foreigner to control this trade—which gives
him an advantage that no subsidy we would
be willing to give could overcome. For, sir,
there is no object in having ships to navigate
the ocean, unless wo can build up thereby a
profitable traffic. Congress can hire a man to
row a boat in the Potomac: but that would be
of no sort of national advantage. We can
hire men to sail steamships on the ocean ; but
that of itself is of no adequate national ad-
vantage. We need to spend money for sub-
sidies in such a way as to build up a great and
profitable commerce ; and just at this time
there are these natural advantages in favor
of foreigners which operate against our getting
control of foreign commerce. If the mass of
passengers across the ocean were our people
going to Great Britain and ihe continent to
remain, instead of their people coming to us,
they would naturally prefer to go in our ships
just as their people coming here to remain
prefer to come in their ships; thus we should
have over (hem just that advantage that they
now have over us; and the foreign nations
would have to meet that disadvantage as best
they could. But it happens that this enormous
emigration is from Europe to this country,
and the trade in carrying these emigrants can ■
not be controlled by us as against, the carriers
of the nationalities from which the immigrants
come.
Therefore, when gentlemen propose to give
a subsidy of $20,000 a voyage or $30,000 a
voyage to support a line of steamers to Europe,
I want to know what we are going to get back
when the line is esrablihlied. How is a busi-
ness to be built up? Twenty years ago, when
the immigration to this country was of nothing
like the importance it is now, this Government,
gave a liberal subsidy to a line of steamers,
known as the Collins line. It had asubsidy of
about §25,000 the round trip, I believe, it had
a certain sort of prosperity, but never a com-
mercial paying prosperity. The ships of that
line were the finest ever then built; they car-
ried passengci-s more comfortably than they
have perhaps ever been carried ; they carried
them too as quickly, indeed more quickly than
they had ever before been carried. The line
had the generons and patriotic support of
certain citizens in my section, one of whom
must have sunk over a half million dollars in
its behalf. But that line never obtained any
substantial footing of prosperity. This was
in part due to the United States Government
itself; for, at acriticai juncture in the history
of that company, the Postmaster General re-
fused to pay over the money due to the com-
pany for mail -service to the extent of some
$200,000; and though the money was subse-
quently recovered after suit, yet the refusal on
the part of the Government happened at just
such a time as to break up the line.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. If the
Government had continued to give that line
support, wouid. it not have been in existence
to-day 1
Mr. POTTER. That, Mr. Speaker, might
depend upon how much the Government gave.
I think had the Government treated it with
liberality, even under the existing contract it
would have been running till this time. But
my experience leads me to apprehend that the
subsidy then given, which 1 believe was the
most liberal ever given by this Government,
would not now at any rate enable such a line
to establish and maintain a prosperous trade.
At any rate, the condition of things is a
great deal worse now for establishing such a
line than then. The foreigner has got the
advantage of cheaper machines, cheaper capi-
tal, cheaper stores, the control -of all the
organizations of the trade and the control
of the substantially profitable part of the
freight. In order to overcome these advant-
ages we will have to do something more than
give any amount of subsidies the House would
like to assent to. Gradually and slowly,when
we take off the burdens we impose by tariff and
tax on ship-owners, that trade will come back,
and presently there may be a time when we
should aid its return by subsidies. Mean-
time we have the Pacific trade, and can keep
it. I make a distinction between holding on
to the trade we have and getting a trade
which some other nationality- already has.
I think we did wisely in determining to hold
on to the Pacific trade. In view of the subsi-
dies granted to the Pacific railroads, by which
Congress crippled the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, I thought we did justly also in
granting a subsidy to that company. But I
said then, and say now, that was an excep-
tional case; and until I can find some other
case likely to bring to the nation profitable
returns for the subsidy proposed, and having
equal demands on our justice, I shall consider
that case no precedent for like grants.
Mr. Speaker, I see I have consumed the
portion of time I intended to reserve "for my-
self, and akhough I have not finished my
remarks I will yield what remains of my hour
to my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] first
remarking, however, that I have not come
to the conclusions I have expressed without
reluctance. Apart from the advantages re-
sulting from the carrying trade itself, a mer-
cantile marine is of high importance to a
country like ours, lying between the two great
oceans of the world. Regular established lines
of steamships under the American flag add to
the prestige of the nation equally with the
Navy itself. Beyond this it is to be remem-
bered that as we cease to have ships we shall
cease to have navigators, ship-builders, ma-
chinists, engineers, and sailors. Whenapublic
exigency shall demand it, money may put
steamships upon the ocean, but it cannot then
furnish competent men, educated in the busi-
ness to navigate them. To me one of the most
serious features of this decline of American
shipping is that with its-decline we are losing
that class of men trained to navigate, con-
struct, and repair steamships who have here-
tofore developed such high qualities in our
merchant marine, and added so much to the
credit, of the flag.
For this and for other considerations I shall
be glad to share in any action by Congress
really fitted to develop American trade on the
high seas, and regret that I am now compelled
to think that the scheme proposed by the com-
mittee is not, so likely to effect the desired
result as to warrant Congress in providing the
subsidies it proposes.
Florida Contested Election.
SPEECH OF HON. W. E ARTHUR,
OK KENTUCKY,
In the House of Reprbskkta'Avbs,
January 29, 1873,
On the contestcd-election case of Niblack ve. Walls,
from the State of Florida.
_ Mr. ARTHUR; Mr. Speaker, the congres-
sional election in the State of Florida for the
Forty-Second Congress, out of which this eon-
test grew, occurred on the 8th of November,
1870. The law of Florida provides (act of
August 6, 1868) as follows:
. "All voters shall have" resided twelve months
in the State and six months in the county next pre-
