1326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
looked to with profound attention by Congress; that
the mode of construction and improvement should
be in accordance with plans and specifications ap-
proved by competent engineers of the Government
of the United States, but its accomplishment ought
to be securedby judicious legislation.
The .committee have been unable to recommend
the passage of either of the bills referred to this
committee for the creation of these water lines for
our internal commerce at the present session, for the
reason that the committee do not deem the surveys
of every part of said respective lines, and the
estimates of their cost, and the demonstration of
their availability and practicability throughout
each entire proposed line, so full and complete as
should be in the possession of Congress before
entering upon such legislation, nor are these so
complete as they may readily be made at an early
day.
The committee fear that the time remaining of the
present Congress is too brief to admit of the hope
of maturing and passing upon so important legis-
lation at the present session. But in furtherance of
that object the committee report back for the con-
sideration of the House the following bills referred
to the committee, with the reports and statistics
annexed, and also report the accompanying bill to
provide for the appointment of a board of com-
missioners of commerce, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
SAMUEL SHELLABARGEli,
PHILETUS SAWYER,
JOHN LYNCH,
OMAR D. CONGER,
LIONEL A. SHELDON,
JAMES S. NEGLEY.
SAMUEL HAMBLETON,
DWIGHT TOWNSEND.
NIAGARA SHIP-CANAL.
The Committee on Commerce, to whom was re-
ferred House bill No. —, entitled "An act to provide
for the speedy construction of a ship-eanal of large
capacity around the falls of Niagara on the Ameri-
can side thereof," ask leave to report that they have
had the same under consideration.
The question involved in the provisions of this bill
is one of very great importance. It is no less than
whether we, as a whole nation and people, shall con-
tinue to expand and increase in population, prosper-
ity, and wealth, or whether, by a parsimonious policy,
wo shall hamper, cripple, and blight one of the most
important industries of the whole country; indeed,
the one upon which all others are dependent, to wit,
its agricultural interest. It needs no argument to
prove that upon the development and prosperity of
this industry depends the prosperity and develop-
ment of all others, and therefore we shall offernone.
Careful observers ot the signs of the times have for
years predicted "that the time would soon come when
this question of greater facilities and cheaper rates
of intercommunication between the different por-
tions arid sections of the country than has hitherto
been enjoyed by the people would come before Con-
gress for solution, with an array of facts, a power of
argument, and force of popular demonstration and
demand that could no longer bo turned aside or dis-
regarded." In the opinion of your committee that
time has arrived. From all portions of the country
this popular voice is coming up to this Capitol, im-
ploring and demanding assistance in this behalf. So
general and so urgent is this appeal that we are
justified in the belief that the people of the whole
country, without distinction of party, local preju-
dices and preferences, or any other consideration
whatever, are a unit upon this one question. That
voice came earlier from the great agricultural States
of the Northwest than from any other portion of
the country, because the products of their industry,
being heavy and bulky, and entirely raw material,
could not mcur the heavy charges for transportation
to market imposed upon them, and because that
section did not then, and does not now, enjoy the
advantages of uninterrupted and choap means of
transit existing in other portions of the country.
The rapid settlementand consequent development
of the country west of the lakes soon demonstrated
the necessity for increased means and greater lacili-
ties for the transportation and niarketof the pro-
ducts of those regions. This will be more apparent
and important if we examine a few of the products
of the twelve great agricultural States clustering
around the northern lakes or lying contiguous
thereto, to wit, Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, Illinois,
Missouri, Kansas, Nebraska, DakotaTerritory, Iowa,
Minnesota, Wisconsin, and Michigan, We shall con-
fine our examination to the six principal staples of
those States, to wit, wheat, corn, hogs, cattle, sheep,
and wool, together with the aggregated values
thereof, and also the probable increase of each in the
year 1830.
Estimate of- aggregate products and value of said
btatev for the year 1872, based upon the reports of
the A'jfivuUural Bureau:
Wheat, 225,844,800 bushels, at 50 cents per
bushel   M $112,922,400
Corn, 1,021,937,476 bushels, at 25 oents per
bushel  255,484,369
Hogs, 22,660,040 head, at $5 each  113,300,200
Cattle, 13,362,492 head, at $10 each  133,624^920
Sheep. 35,146.407 head, at $1 50 each  52|719!610
Wool, 70,292,814 pounds, at 40 cents per
pound  28,117,125
Aggregate value $706,1(58,624
Estimate of aggregate products thereof in 18S0, at ten
Tier cent, increase per annum.
Wheat,484,794,850bushels, atoOcentsper
bushel   15242,397,425
Corn, 2,892,329,851 bushels, at 25 cents per
bushel  723,082,463
Hogs, 46,894,113 head, at $5 each  234,470,565
Cattle, 3 ,912,764 head, at $10 each  389,127,640
Sheep, 74,149,492 head, at$l 50 each  111,224,238
Wool 110,450,787 pounds, at 40 cents per
pound  44,180,314
Aggregate value $1,744,482,677
These last estimatesare based upon the hypothesis
that remunerative markets can be secured lor
those products. If that cannot be done, there will
probably be no material falling off in any of them,
and possibly a small increase; but even now there
is a perceptible diminution of production as com-
pared with the increase of population.
From this brief summary of the present and pros-
pective agricultural products of those twelve States,
which constitute the main staples thereof, either as
food or clothing, three very important considerations
press themselves with great force upon the attention
of Congress and the country, to wit:
1. That the manufacturing and commercial por-
tions of the country must in a very great measure
(perhaps we shouldsay entirely) depend upou them
for their food supplies, and to a very great extent for
the raw material to supply their manufactories as
well.
2. That cheap transportation to market of those
products is most imperatively demanded, without
which increase of production as well as of popula-
tion and wealth must at no distant day reach a limit
beyond which they cannot pass.
3. That the country does not now possess these
means and facilities of cheap transportation, and
never can possess them under the present system of
transit, because they in fact amount to but one sys-
tom, and therefore there neither is nor can be com-
petition.
These propositions will not be controverted. The
inquiry then arises how can the country secure that
competition, and, therefore, cheap rates of transit?
Obviously only by creating another system entirely
distinct from and independent of the present. This
must, indeed can only, be-secured by the improve-
ment of the great water channels of the continent.
That system, byway of the great lakes of the North-
west, has already been commenced by the General
Government in the construction of a canal around
the Falls of St. Mary, at the outlet of Lake Superior,
the improvement of navigation on the St. Clair Flats,
and other like works. The most, indeed the only,
formidable obstruction on this route exists at Niag-
ara Falls. If this be removed, all others will disap-
pear almost as a matter of course.
DESCRIPTION OP THIS CANAL.
The length of this canal, as surveyed by Col-
onel Blunt, of the topographical engineers, in
1867, is seven and five hundredths miles. From
navigable water above to navigable water below the
falls, the perpendicular descent is three hundred
and twenty feet, and will be at least that much on
all contemplated routes. The route is entirely
practicable and feasible. Captain Williams, United
States engineer, says of it in his survey thereof m
1834, "that from the river above to the escarpment
or brow of the mountain above Lewiston, there are
no engineering difficulties whatever in the way.
The entire distance presents only the most ordinary
features for canal construction; and the only ques-
tion (which is an ordinary one) is as to the best
mode of overcoming the descent." (Ex. Doc., vol.
5, No. 214, page 7, first session Twenty-Fourth Con-
gress.) Colonel Blunt confirms this statement. (Ex.
Doc., vol. 15, No. 197, second session Fortieth Con- 
gress.) Colonel Blunt estimates the cost of the whole
work at $12,095,438. (Last document.) It will be ob-
served, however, that these estimates were made
soon after the close of the war, when labor, mate-
rials, provisions, &c.  were much higher than at
present,
CANAL TO BE MAXIMUM NAVIGABLE CAPACITY OF THE
LAKE8.
It is of very great importance that the maximum
navigable capacity of the lakes should be adapted
in the construction of this work so as to obviate the
necessity of transshipment at the foot of Lake Erie.
That necessity is one of the greatest grievances anrl
oppressions to the agricultural interests of the West
now experienced, because it enables middlemen to
exact their own terms for that transshipment. There
are several elevators at Buffalo, four or five costing
a hundred or more thousand dollars each, con-,
structed many years since, which have done but
little if any business, and yet receive an ample and
annual dividend on the capital invested therein.
These exactions arc effected through an" elevator
ring" existing at that place. These oppressive and
unrighteous extortions are almost exclusively at the
expense of the small farmers of the West, who do
their own work, many of whom, in consequence of
these and other equally onerous burdens, are deeply
in debt, from which they cannot extricate them-
selves or furnish their families with comfortable
clothing to withstand the rigorous winters of those
regions.
Strong efforts are now being made by some indi-
viduals interested in those elevators to defeat this
measure tor the purpose of still continuing those
oppressive exactions.
There are many other burdens to which western
agriculture and commerce arc subjected m conse-
quence of the piesent necessity of transshipment at
the foot of Lake Erie, one of which is the levying
upon thoso interests nearly a million andahalfdol-
lars per annum to pay the current expenses of the
unproductive canals of the State of New Yoi k. Those
levies for the years 1869-70 amounted to *$2,701,801 18,
or SI,350,900 59 per annum.
This work is also of very great necessity to the pres-
ent and prospective commerce of the lakes. There
were on those lakes on the 30th day of September,
1870, fifty-three hundred and forty-three merchant
vessels with an aggregate tonnage of 680,463 tons.
This enumeration does not include the ports of To-
ledo, Sandusky, and several others, which will make
an aggregate of about six thousand vessels and a
tonnage of about 750,000 tons. Those vessels will
average in carrying capacity about 235 tons each.
LUMBER TRADE OF THE LAKES.
From the most authentic information which can
be obtained we are justified in assuming that five
thousand million feet of sawed lumber (of all kinds,
including square timber, shingles, laths, &c.) annu-
ally float upon those lakes, giving employment to
more than two thousand vessels of all classes. About
one third of all lake lumber goes down into Lake
Erie, and is thence distributed to all the States
South and East, supplying a very large proportion
of tbe markets of Baltimore, Philadelphia, New
York, Boston, and other cities and manufacturing
towns. Were this route open into Lake Ontario the
rates of shipment would be very materially reduced.
IRON, COPPER, AND SILVER ORES OF LAKE SUPERIOR.
The mineral interests of Lake Superior have been
developed into large proportions within the last ten
or twelve years. Its iron, copper, and silver ores
have within that period become the leading inter-
ests of the entire lake region. They now furnish
probably more than one million tons per annum to
lake shipping, and are constantly increasing at the
rate at least of ten per cent, per annum. If un-
interrupted navigation existed between the upper
lakes and Lake Ontario, those interests would re-
ceive an impulse never before given to them.
HARD COAL AND IRON INTERESTS WOULD BE GREATLY
BENEFITED.
During the year 1872 about two million tons of
hard coal came from the interior of Pennsylvania to
the lakes, one million tons of which were shipped up
the lakes west of Cleveland, and about one hundred
thousand tons of which went over into the Missis-
sippi and Ohio valleys. It is the opinion of good
judges, men who have given this subject very care-
ful and thorough attention and study, that if the
people of the West can secure remunerative markets
for their agricultural products, the demand for that
coal in these vast timberless regions will vastly and
rapidly increase, so that by the year 1880 from five
to ten million tons will be demanded in those
regions.
NEW INDUSTRIES.
Were this route open new industries would spring
up, especially in the article of baled hay. Europe
has a market for several million tons annually,
which isnowmostlysupplied from Sweden, Norway,
and Russian Poland. Large sections of the lake
region are admirably adapted to that crop and not
adapted to any other, or for grazing purposes. If
shipments could be made direct to Liverpool with-
out transshipment, that lake hay trade could and
would successfully compete with those Baltic coun-
tries.
OCEAN VESSELS CONSTRUCTED ON THE LAKES.
Were this route open vast numbers of those lake
steamers could and would descend to the Atlantic
ocean, and there engage in the carying trade during
the winter months. That experiment has been re-
peatedly demonstrated beyond all doubt, and that,
too, by vessels of less than six hundred tons burden.
Ocean steamers as well as sail vessels could be con-
structed on the lakes cheaper than anywhere else,
because all materials for construction, as well as pro-
visions, are cheaper there than on the seaboard.
This would at once solve the problem so long and
anxiously sought after by statesmen as well as com-
mercial men, to wit, the revival of commerce,
cheapen transportation from the interior so that
our vast agricultural products can be carried to
Europe at a profit, and there will no longer be com-
plaint ol a languishing commerce.
SAVING TO THE AGRICULTURAL AND COMMERCIAL
INTERESTS OV THE COUNTRY.
This work would secure a vast saving to the agri-
cultural and commercial interests of the country, as
the following table will clearly demonstrate:
From Chicago to Buffalo, one thousand miles, at
two anda half mills ner ton per mile $2 50
From Erie canal to Albany, three hundred and
fifty-two miles, one cent per ton per mile,
including carriers'charges  3 52
Cost per ton from Chicago to Albany  6 02
From Chicago to Oswego, eleven hundred and
sixty-six miles, at same rates $2 91
Through Niagara Falls ship-canal per ton, 25
From Oswego to Albany, one hundred and
eighty-six miles, at same rate  1 86
  5 02
Saving by latter route $1 00
per ton, or about three cents per bushel on cereals.
Ten million tons passed through the Erie canal
in 1872. Hence this work would secure a saving
thereon ot $10,000,000 per annum to the agricultu-
ral and commercial interest'? of the country, assum-
ing .that there would be no greater redaction of
rale-: by competition. Thesiino reduction would
in' seen, od i ail, t j .m-ii, i u < u f y million tons
