1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1327
being about the amount carried by rail, which must
also be carried at about water rates. This work
would therefore save to the people of the country
nearly $30,000,000 per annum; more than- double
tbe amount required to construct the whole work.
It would also reclaim the trade now going down
the St. Lawrence, as the following will most con-
clusively prove; From Oswego to Montreal, one
hundred and eighty-one miles, at one and a half
cents per ton per mile, including canal charges,
$2 71; from Oswego to Albany, one hundred and
eighty-six miles, at one cent per ton per mile, $1 86.
In favorof thelatter route it is eighty-five cents per
ton, which, together with the more intimate busi-
ness relations existing between the East and West
of our own country, would restore that trade to our
own ports, and more especially to the city of New
York.
BY MEANS OF THIS ROUTE WE CAN ALSO SECURE THE
PROVISION MARKETS OF WESTERN EUROPE.
Those markets at present require about 500,000,000
bushels of cereals per annum over and above home
production, of which about 225,000,000 bushels are
wheat, with an annual increase of about five per
cent. England alone requiring about 160,000,000
bushels of wheat, with at least one half of that
amount of other grains, as corn, barley, oats, &c,
lhose immense markets are now mainly supplied
from the Baltic and Blaek sea provinces—from the
former at thirty-five and from the latter forty-five
cents per bnshel. The average will be about thirty-
eight cents per bushel. With the Niagara Falls ship -
canal constructed, we can reduce the cost from this
country to about thirty cents per bushel, and thereby
furnish those markets, as the following table will
demonstrate:
Rouiefrom Chicago, via Niagara Falls and New York city, to Liverpool.
Routes.
No. of
miles.
Rate per
ton
per mile.
Cost per
ton.
Cost per hun-
dred pounds.
Cost per
bushel of sixty
pounds.
Chicago to Oswego 
1,166
2\ mills.
$2 91
14.2
8,6
Oswego to Albany 
186
1 ccnt.
1 86
9.3
Albany to New York 
150
5 mills.
75
3.2
1.9
New York to Liverpool 
3,150
U mills.
4 72
23.6
14.2
Passage through canal 
_
25
1.1
.7
Add two transfers   
-
-
20
1.2
.G
Total 
4,652
-
10 49
52.6
30.5
Competition on rival routes reaching Lake Ontario
will reduce the cost very considerably below the
above figures, probably to about twenty-live cents,
and possibly to twenty per bushel from Chicago to
Liverpool. The cost on one route will compcl all
others to reduce their charges to the same rates.
BY THUS REDUCING THE COST OF TRANSIT TO EUROPE
THE COUNTRY WOULD SECURE THE BALANCE OF
TRADE IN OUU FAVOR.
By reference to the last annual report of the Sec-
retary of tho Treasury, (pamphlet) page 10, includ-
ing the interest on our bonds held abroad, (about
$1,000,000,000) it will be seen that the amouut of tho
balance of tiade for the last fiscal year against us
was about $180,000,000. This balance does not in-
clude the annual interest on local indebtedness, as
States, cities, railroads, &c. That interestincluded,
and that balance will exceed $200,000,000. It is not
surprising, therefore, that the country has not made
any perceptible advance toward specie payments
during the past year. Our gold and silver have been
all absorbed in the payment of those balances. But
with this route open, so that we can supply those
markets with the wheat, &c.. which they require,
and that balancc of trade can be reversed in a single
year from our surplus cereals alone, for which we
now have no market at all. Hence also, by thus re-
taining at home our gold and silver, the resumption
of spccie payments would immediately follow as an
inevitable consequence.
IT WOULD VASTLY INCREASE THE WESTERN MARKETS
FOR OUR MANUFACTURES.
It hardly needs an argument to prove that if the
farmers of the West can sell their surplus products
at remunerative prices, just in the same proportion
will there be created markets for the manufactures
of the eastern and middle States. And this too
without demanding the sacrifice or abandonment of
any other of tho material interests of the country.
It is not so much a high tariff, as the want of a mar-
ket, which depressesand is destroying the great agri-
cultural interests of the West. Indeed, break down
our manufactures, and by that very act you destroy
nearly all the markets which the farmers now have.
Vast numbers of the people of that region are, at
this hour, suffering for want of adequate and com-
fortable clothing because they cannot exchange their
abundant crops for those necessary articles. They
are also burning their corn for fuel because they
cannot exchange it for coal or wood. In vast num-
bers of cases children, and especially girls, cannot
avail themselves of the benefits of school for want
of comfortable and decent clothing. .
In many of the frontier States and Territories
s-tay laws are enacted to stay the collection of debts
and taxes, because the people cannot meet those de-
mands with the products of their farms and stock.
Beyond the limits of the farm many ofthose products,
especially corn, are absolutely worthies?. .During
the war in the rural districts the women, even
young girls, bravely and resolutely took the places
of their fathers and brothers at the plow, m the
harvest field, and at the threshing machine, with
the pleasing and cheering hope and expectation that
when peace returned they should then enjoy edu-
cational advantages, and all the refinements and
social relations of society, which both early associa-
tions and tho position of their parents entitled
them to anticipate. Most grievously have they
been disappointed, because with peace came a<reac-
tion, stungeuoy in monetary affairs, depression m
prices, and consequent prostration and rum in all
departments of business, enhanced a.nd lntensmea
by the exhorbitant exactions and demands of
monopolists and moneyed combinations.
THIS CANAL A PRESENT IMPERATIVE NECESSITY.
The necessity for this work is a present and im-
perative one. Distress and ruin are staring in the
face the people of the West. Unless they get relief
in someway and from some quarter,disaster and
bankruptcy must speedily overtake vast numbers
of the small farmers in all parts of the country.
Many of them are still deeply in debt, either for
their lands or improvements. Their creditors are
pressing them for payment; their abundant crops
aro worthless; and unless relief soon comes they
must lose their farms, and thus bo cast penniless
upon the world, to besrin again, in their old ago, the
stiuggles, hardships, and privations of a frontier
life, to be again, in a few years, castforthfrom their
humble homes.
Even now production is perceptibly diminishing in
all the county west of Lake Michigan, although its
population is increasing at the rate of nearly half a
million per annum, eight tenths of whom are agri-
culturists.
Does any one inquire what is tho remedy for
this unfortunate and disastrous state of affairs?
The answer comes back from the Legislatures of
nearly fifteen States of this Union, and from more
than twenty million people from all those groat
agricultural States of tho West—from every city,
town, and commercial center throughout that whole
region of country; in short, from the people in every
county, town, village, and hamlet of that broad and
fertile land—from the extreme east and the extreme
west. And that answer is one and identical: "Break
down that rocky barrier existing at Niagara Falls and
a remedy will be secured. Then shall the people
of the East and the West, indeed of tho whole coun-
try, meet on one common plane of prosperity and
equality, to exebango the products of their respect-
ive industries, without the exactions and exorbitant
demands of middlemen or overgrown monopolies
in any form or on any part of the transit route."
In view of the vast importance of this question of
cheap transportation, and tho urgent necessity that
speedy relief should be extended to the great agri-
cultural, manufacturing, mineral, mechanical, and
commercial interests of the country, your committee
would respectfully urge upon the attention of the
House the importance and necessity of the enact-
ment of proper provisions to accomplish these great
national objects.
OHIO RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
As an avenue for the cheap transmission and dis-
tribution of tho fabrics of the East, fuel, cereals,
and other products of the West, the Ohio river
stands preeminent. . .
Through a remarkable combination or physical
circumstances this channel presents geographical
and commercial advantages so eminently conducive
to the prosperity and wealth of the whole country
as to make its improvement a question, of sweeping
nationality. , .
It is a material part of the grand system of con-
tinuous water transit from the headwaters of the
Monongahela and Adeghcny rivers to the Gulf of
Mexico, and the main thoroughfare for the pro-
posed canals through the interior of Virginia, tra-
versing the great Apalachian coal-field, and almost
boundless deposits of iron, to Hampton Roads on the
sea, and, via the Tennessee, Coosa, and Oomulgee
rivers, threading tho rich mineral and cotton districts
of Georgia to the harbor of Altamaha sound on the
Atlantic ocean. ^ .. «
Tho. navigation of the Oluo directly influences
the industries of fourteen of the States, but circu-
lates the commodities of every State in tho union. t
It belongs to theGovernment of the United btates. j
It is a national highway, governed by national 1
authority. It promotes very many national inter-
ests by facilitating intercourse, aids commerce, con-
tributes to the operations of war, enhances the
resources of the nation, develops tbe producing"
agencies of every branch of trade, and exchanges
the gifts of natuie for those of the arts and sciences.
It is therefore the duty of Contrress to consider tho
means requisite to add to the etlioioncy and import-
ance of this channel.
Population of eitics and village# situated on the
Mississippi river.
Sauk Rapids^ Minnesota  -
St. Cloud, Minnesota  2,161
St. Anthony, Minnesota    5 013
Minneapolis, Minnesota      13^066
St. Paul, Minnesota    20,050
Hastings, Minnesota  3,458
lied Wing, Minnesota  4,260
Pepin, Minnesota 
Head's Landing, Minnesota 
Minncska, Minnesota 
Homer, Minnesota 
Winona, Minnesota  7,192
Brownsville, Minnesota 
La Orescent., Minnesota 
Hudson, Wisconsin 
Prescott, Wisconsin 
Alma, Wisconsin 
Buff.iio City, Wisconsin .• 
Fountain City,Wisconsin 
La Crosse, Wisconsin  7,785
Prairie du Chion, Wisconsin 
Cassville, Wisconsin 
Lansing, Iowa 
McGregor, Iowa    2,074
Dubuque, Iowa  18,434
Bellevue City, Iowa  
Clinton, Iowa .   6,129
Lyons, town    4,088
Buffalo, Iowa 
Davenport, Iowa  20,038
Lc Clairo, Iowa   
Princeton, Iowa   
Muscatine, Iowa  6,718
Port Louisa, Iowa 
Burlington, Iowa  14,930
Fort Madison, Iowa  4,011
Keokuk, Iowa    12*766
Montrose, Iowa 
Savanna, Illinois  -
Fulton, Hlinois 
Port Byron, Illinois 
Rock Island, Illinois   7,890
Keithsburg, Illinois 
New Boston, Illinois 
Oquawka, Illinois 
Dallas City, Illinois 
Warsaw, Illinois 
Quincy, Illinois  24.052
Alton. Illinois  8,665
East St. Louis, Illinois 
Chester, Illinois 
Cario,Illinois   6,267
Canton, Missouri 
LaGrange, Missouri     
Hannibal, Missouri  10,125
Louisiana. Missouri   3,639
St. Louis, Mifsoini ....310,864
St. Genevieve, Missouri ....
Capo Girardeau. Missouri  3,585
New Madrid, Missouri   
Columbus Kentucky   
Memphis, Tennessee   40,226
Osceola, Arkansas 
Hickman's Bend, Arkansas 
Helena, Arkansas   
Greenville, Mississippi 
Talluhih, Mississippi  -
Vicksburg, Mississippi.....  12,443
Grand Gulf, Mississippi 
Rodney, Mississippi  - w
Natchez, Mississippi   9,057
Foit Adams, Mississippi 
Providence, Louisiana    
Saint Joseph, Louisiana 
Vidalia, Louisiana     
Fairview, Louisiana 
Williamsport, Louisiana 
Port Coupee. Louisiana 
Hermitage, Louisiana 
Sprinjrfieid, Louisiana 
West Baton Rouge, Louisiana  -
Baton Rouge, Luusiana    o,4vb
Plaquemine, Louisiana  
Iberville, Louisiana....  -
Donaldsonville, Louisiana    1,57.3
New lliver, Louifiana, 
Convent. Louisiana 
Bonnet Carre, Louisiana   
Carrollton, Louisiana  -
New Orleans. Louisiana 191,41b
Algiers, Louisiana 
Point-a-la-Ilaehe, Louisiana   
BaliKC, Louisiana 
Cities and vi/laucn vituatcd on. the Missouri river.
Omaha, Nebraska  16,083
Florence, Nebraska   
Plattsmouth. Nebraska 
Nebraska, Nebraska   6,050
Brownville, Nebiuska 
Rulo, Nebraska   ~ .
Atchinson, Kansas  7.0&1
Kiekapoo, Kansas 
Uuniphnn, Karnes 
Leavenworth, Kansas     i/,ofo
Wyandot, Kansas   
