1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1^0
Lower Mississippi (inckuding (Fairo) and tributaries.
Porta.
. Steamers.
Barges.
Total.
No. .
Tons.
No.
Ions.
No.-
Ions.
Memphis....;.   • 
131
40
2
17
10
11
51,672.00
- 8,592.26
111.36
' 3,091.13
2,970.27
2.546.60
1
No report.
No report.
No report.
No report;
No report.
1S4.56
191
40-
2
17
10
12
' 51,672.00
■ 8,592.26
111.86
3,091.13
2,970.27
2,681.16
Total —
271
68,983.62
1
134.56
272 '
69,118.18
WESTERN RIVERS.
No. Tons*
Steamers.     1,090 287,360.00
Sail      683 127,906.18
Total     1,773 415,266.27
JAMES RIVER AND KANAWHA CANAL, OR CENTRAL
WATER LINE.
A direct line of navigation from the capacious
roadsteads lying at the mouth of Chesapeake bay-
along the James, Kanawha, and Ohio rivers to the
confluence of great navigable waters at the mouth
of the Ohio; on almost a straight lineacross thocon-
tinent, from the center of oar seaboard to the center
of navigation in the Mississippi basin—has engaged
the attention of enlightened men from the first years
of this Government.
THE CONSTITUTIONAL OBJECTION.
The expectations entertained by our early states-
men of the completion of a system of navigation
over this central route have not been Realized, in
consequence of the magnitude of the work, which
placed its accomplishment beyond tho capacity of
local resources, and to political ideas, which ques-
tioned the constitutional power of the national (jtov-
ernment over the subject of intornai improvements.
Various causes, however, have lately conspired to
modify thege ideas in respect to public works of
national magnitude. The immense and increasing
production of the interior basin of the countrydoes
notfind- outlets to market either adequate in capacity
or affording freightage at rates which western com-
modities can pay. Railroads have been developed
with marvelous rapidity to meet the pressing need:
but while this means of transportation has afforded
outlet for an immense bulk of western produce, fault
is found with the character and power of the cor-
porations which control these roads. The people
are beginning to conclude that powers so great as
those possessed by the railroad companies would be
more safely vested in the national Government. A
disposition at least to check these powers by con-
ferring equal and competitive ones on the Govern-
ment begins t,o prevail to a very wide extent.
The fact that the stocks and bonds of the great
railroad companies arc largely owned by European
capitalists, and that then- changes for transportation
are virtually a tribute exacted from American labor
by the patrician classes of the other continent, still
more strongly disposes the producing classes of this
country to look to the national Government lor
relief from this undesirable state of things.
POPULAR RIGHT OF FREE WAY TO MARKET.
This question of adequate and cheap transporta-
tion rises to the dignity of a great popular franchise.
Michael Hoffman, of New York, in the constitu-
tional convention of that State in 1846, spoke in the
inspiration of American freedom when he said:
"The right of way is the right of the million. The
sovereign nolds it in trust, and can exercise it only
for their benefit, and has no right ta make a revenue
or permit revenue to be- mad© out of it. Such a
course must engender the worst oppression and the
worst corruptions, and soon realize tho first view of
the worst Governments, taxatioaon all we consume,
which will allow nothing to go to or from the mar-
kets without tribute to the State."
OHIO RIVER.
The principal value of the Ohioriverto the grain-
producing region through which it flows, and to that
lying west of it, is lost, from the fact that it has.no
outlet of water navigation in tho direction in which
western produce moves to market. If such an outlet
be supplied by the completion of the proposed line
throughVirginia, a new value would be given to the
navigation of thisnoble stream from Pittsburg to its
mouth and the immense eastward-bound trade
which it would attract from the Mississippi and its
large western tributaries would justify the Govern-
ment in any expenditure which might be necessary
to render its navigation reliable for six feet of water
throughout the year. ... ^
Until an outlet of navigation across Virginia to
Hampton Roads is furnished for the Ohio river, its
grain and provisions will refuse to. reverse their
natural course toward market by moving westward,
and the river will not attain to that value in our
national system of transportation to which its
admirable geographical location entitles it.
COMPONENTS OF THE CENTRAL WATER LINE.
The line of navigation upon the proposed route will
consist of the Ohiori ver, from its mouth to the laoum
of the Kanawha, at Point Pieasa-nt, a distance of 728
miles ; the Kanawha, New, and Greenbrier rivers, 208
miles; the James river and Kanawha canal, (mciud-
42d Cong. SdSess.—No, 84.
ins 46,miles of slackwater navigation;) from Green-
brier river to Richmond, 272 miles; and James river
to Hampton Roads,125 miles; making a, total distance
of 1,233 miles from the mouth of the Ohio to Hamp-
ton Roads.
To perfect this route it is proposed to improve
the Kanawha river from its mouth, 8o miles, to
Lyken's shoals.for sluice navigation; thence to im-
prove that river and the New and Kanawha rivers*
by locks and dams, for steamboat navigation, to the
mouth of Howard's creek; thenoe to cut a canal
from Howard's creek to Buchanan, 76 miles; and to
enlarge to the same dimensions the canal already
made froni Buchanan to Richmond, 196 miles. The
total length of improved nver and canal navigation
will be 480'miles, of which 2&4 miles will beriver and
slackwater navigation. Present estimates contem-
plate a canal adapted to boats carrying 280 tons,
moved in fleets by steam-tugs, which will give it a
theoretic capacity of 14,000,000 tons annually. But
there is no necessity for restricting the canal to this
size. It could bo made sufficiently large for boats
of 500 tons, and would then have a theoretic oapacity
of 21,600,000 tons. The advantage of giving it the
larger capacity will be to so provide that the same
boats which shall bring western grain through tho
Erie canal, when enlarged, to New York, Philadel-
phia, and Norfolk, may return through the Virginia
canal to the West, carrying the coals of the Kanawha.
THE SUMMIT SUPPLY.
The question ofwater supply for tho summit level,
between Howard's and Dunlap's creeks on tho
canal, has been the only one presenting any doubt
as to its practicability. Ithasbeen madethe subject
of examination and report from 1828 to tho present
time, by the ablest engineers of the country, as well
those in tho sorvice of tho United States as those
employed by the James River and Kanawha Com-
pany, These have all uniformly reported affirma-
atively on the question. But, to remove all possible
doubt, the later plans of the United States engin-
eers- are for establishing tho summit level on a plane
low enough to be supplied from the Greenbrier
river, 1,700 feet abovo the level of the sea, requiring
a tunnel (or series of tunnels) seven and eight
tenths miles m length, admitting of six shafts.
In connection with the canal, and looking to the
maintenance of six feet of water in the Greenbrier,
Kanawha, and Ohio rivers during the dry season, it
is proposed by the engineers to establish a reservoir
on Anthony's creek, near the canal, for collecting
the driainage of the surrounding country, with a
capacity of 3.512,496,220 cubic feet. It is also pro-
posed to establish a like reservoir on the waters of
Meadow river, a tributary of the Gauley, with a ca-
pacity of 10,722.000.000 cubic feet. It is estimated
that these two reservoirs alone will supply water for
maintaining six feet of depth in the Kanawha for
ono hundred and twenty days each year, which is
more than the length of any season of drought. It
is also claimed that this same water, passinginto the
Ohio, will solve the problem of six feet of navigation
in that stream below the mouth of the Kanawha
during any probable period of drought.
WHAT THE LINE WILL CONSTITUTE.
When this route shall have been oompleted, its
friends claim that it will present tho shortest, cheap;
est, and best lino of navigation from the Mississippi
to the Atlantic.     t, .
The distance from the Mississippi, at tho mouth ot
thoOMo.toHamptonKoads bythisrouteisl, 333 miles.
The distance from the Mississippi by the Illinois
and Miohigan canal, the lakes, and Brie canal, to
New York, is 1,919 miles.
By the Fox and Wisconsin improvement and lakes,
to New York, it is 1.560 miles.
By the most direct railroad route to# Chicago, ana
thence by the lakes to New York, it is 1,(31 miles.
By the Ohio river, Wabash canal, lakes, and Erie
canal to New York, it is 1,418 miles.
By tho Ohio river, Ohio canal, lakes, ana hrre
canal, it is 1,038 miles.  
Thus the distance from the Mississippi river to
Hampton Roads, by the Virginia central water-
line, is less by 85 miles tban the shortest water route
from tho Mississippi to New York, and is 586 miles
less than by the longest water route.
The distance from Hampton Roads to new York
by sea is 310 miles. By the inland water route over
the Delaware and Mew Jersey canals it is 343 miles.
The Virginia route, therefore, furnishes a shorter
distance to New York, from as low a point on tho
Mississippi us the mouth of the O.aio, than most
of the water routes of which the Brie canal « part.
The distance from the mouth of the Ohio by the
Mississippi river and Gulf to New York is 2,8*6, or
1,543 miles greater thonthe Virginia routeto Hamp-
ton Roads, and 1,200 miles greater than by the same
route to New York.
The Virginia route will be better than that by
the lakes and Erie eanai, because tho northern
route is closed for five months in tho year, and at
the very time wben there is the greatest demand for
transportation It is also free from the risk and
danger to whioh navigation is subjected by boister-
ous weather on the lakes during the fall months,
Becjepsitatmg a different kind of vessels for navi-
gating the lakes from those navigating the canals.
It is better than the New Orleans and Gulf route
on account of the greater length of that rotate and
time required On it, and-the great risk '^attending
the navigation by the Florida Pass. /
It has the advantage over both the northern and
southern routes,of not only being central and free
from risk and from closure, but because it lies wholly
within the territory of the United States, and wiU
open an internal navigation from the Ohio, Missis-
sippi, twid Missouri rivers and their branches by way
ot the Chesapeake bay and the eastern canals to
Baltimore, Philadelphia, and New York, that will
be secure from the attacks of an enomy in time of
war, thus affording a safe andoheap means of trans-
porting supplies from the interior to the seaboard
cities which would be. impracticable by ialy other
route. i
REQUIREMENTS OP WESTERN TRAiDB.
Thegreat necessity of the West is fdr a shorter and
cheaper channel of transportation to'the Atlantic
seaboard, not liable to protracted interruption fronii
any cause. The railroads cannot carry heavy cheap
articles over long distances at freights which these
articles will boar. Tho charges on wheat from the
Mississippi rivor to New X<}rk by railroad, when
the canals are closed, exceed seventy-five cents per
bushel; and even by water transportation from Chi-
cago, the charges, owing to competition among car-
riers, sometimes amount to fifty-six cents per
bushel, or about sixty-two cents per buahel from
the Mississippi river; so that tho farmers west of
that river have to pay at least one half their crops
to get tho other half to market. At this time, with
tho present prices of grain in the East, the rates of
carriage arc prohibitory; and there is danger that
tho production of grain for exportation will have to
be abandoned in the finest grain regions of the
United States.
This state of things is produced by tho inadequacy
of tho present means ot transportation; tho press-
ure on the water routes being so great during the
limited season between the harvesting of tho crops
and the closing of navigation, that exorbitant
prices are demanded for freight; and tbe distance
by railroad being so great that transportation can
never bo brought down to a price that will leave a
sufficient profit to the farmer, and at the same time
be remunerative to the railroads. Tho effect of the
high prices of freight is to depress tho agricultural
interests of tho States and Territories west of tho
Mississippi river, arid to discourage immigration.
THIS LINE WILL ENABLE AMERICAN GRAIN TO COM-
PETE IN EUROPEAN MARKETS.
Owing to the fact that the same boats may tra-
verse the whole line, it is confidently estimated by
engineers that tho cost of transporting wheat from
St. Louis to Jlampton Roads and NowYork by the
Virginia water route can be reduced to fifteen cents
per bushel. This charge would enable wheat to be
brought from the remotest regions west of the Mis-
sissippi to tho Atlantic seaboard at a cost which
would still leave a remunerative price to the pro-
ducer. At such a rate of transportation, the wheat
of the Mississippi valley could bo sent to Liver-
pool at charges that would enable our western pro-
ducers to cbmpeto with those of the Baltic and
Black sea countries in the British market. That
market consumes now 200,000.000 bushels yearly of
imported wheat, of which this country now rarely
supplies more than 15,i'UO,000 per annum. The rea-
son of our small exportation is that Baltic and
Black sea wheat can reach Liverpool from places of
production at thirty-five to forty-five cents.
It is estimated that the exportation # of cereals
eastward from States west of the Mississippi^ which
could mako use of the Virginia water line it their
production were not checked by want of transporta-
tion, would be 500,000,000 bushels. Of this product
the Virginia canal, if constructed on tho scale pro-
posed, could carry at least 200,000,000 bushels, at a
saving of at least thirty cents on presont priocs;
which wouldsa.ve $60,000,000 per annum on.tbut Dart
of the crop. The competition of this line with others
would result in cheapening tho freight on the whole
crop at least ten cents per bushel, which would be a
saving to the West of $50,000,000 per annum, at least.
CHEAP TRANSPORTATION WILL GIVE CHEAP FOOD TO
THE EAST.
The Question of cheap food is one of vital import-
ance to the eastern States, whose city and manufac-
turing populations arc increasing with araazuig
rapidity. The census of 1870 shows that New Eng-
land alone consumes 100,000,000 bushels of^ grain
over and above her own production. A saving oi
only ten cents upon the transportation of this grain
from the West by the Virginia canal would be worth
$10,000,000 annually to those States.
Cheap food makes cheap labor, which is the found-
ation of the success of manufactures. .High prices
of food cause ademand for higher prices ot labor,
strikes among operatives, interruptions to business,
and general distress and less in manufacturing com-
munities. Cheap transportation between tho W est
and East, such as would be effected by the Virginia
water line, would therefore benefit the manufac-
turers of one section equally with th« farmers ot
the othei.
