366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
tors, equal to the whole number of Senators and
Representatives to which the State may be entitled
in the Congress."
They need not be chosen by the people.
They have in the history of the Government
sometimes been appointed by the State Legis-
lature; at other times they have been elected
in separate districts in the several States, or
in some of the States under an act of the
Legislature of the State.
Now they are I believe in all the States, by
provision of State law, elected by a vote of
the people of the State at large. It would
doubtless be competent for the Legislature of
any State to direct its Governor to appoint the
electors. I question very much whether the
Government of the United States has any
right to go behind the appointment of the
electors, and the amendment which the Sen-
ator from Ohio has introduced in his resolu-
tion does not help it in my judgment. I
doubt our right to inquire how these persons
are elected in the States.
It seems to me, although I do not wish to
express a positive opinion upon the question
at this time, that the intention was to leave
this appointment of electors exclusively to the
States, and that the only jurisdiction which the
Federal Government had was to designate the
time when these electors should be appointed ;
but the manner of their appointment and every-
thing else connected with their selection is to
be left to the State, and that the jurisdiction
of the United States, of Congress, of the Pre-
siding Officer of the Senate, who opens the
vote, extends no further than to inquire
whether these are the electors appointed by
that State.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to call his attention to the twenty-second joint
rule?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I was going
to advert to it. This is no new question. It
is a question that was discussed in the first
Congress that ever met, and as long ago as
1800 a bill passed the Senate and a bill passed
the House of Representatives upon this very
subject. The bill failed by reason of a dis-
agreement between the two Houses of Con-
gress.
The language of the Constitution, as the
Senator from Ohio remarked, is perhaps not
very specific. It is that the votes are to be
opened by the Presiding Officer of the Senate,
and they shall then be counted. By whom ?
The Constitution does not say ; but we have
a construction of the Constitution from the
foundation of the Government. The very first
time that a President was elected, when many
of the men who had framed the Constitution
of the United States held seats in Congress,
they appointed tellers; they virtually took
charge of this counting; and from that day till
now the vote has been counted, under the
direction of the two Houses of Congress.
Mr. MORTON. From what time?
Mr. TRUMBULL. From the beginning of
the Government the two branches of Congress
have passed resolutions in regard to this
counting of the vote.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator whether the vote has ever been counted
under the direction of the two Houses of Con-
gress in which they have, either or both Houses,
assumed the right to reject a vote until after
the passage of the twenty-second joint rule in
1865? The cases of Missouri, in 1821, of In-
diana, in 1817, and of Georgia, in 1869, are not
cases in point, because in each one of those
cases the question was whether they were
States in the Union and entitled to vote ; but
so far as the determination of any question of
irregularity or of the right of an elector to vote
is concerned, I think the Senator is mistaken
in saying that Congress ever assumed any
jurisdiction over that question until the adop-
tion of the twenty-second joint rule, in 1865.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I do
not say that there had ever been occasion for
Congress to do that, that it had ever excluded
a vote, or decided as to whether a vote should
be counted or not counted; but they have
taken jurisdiction over the subject. That is
what I meant to say, and what I believe I did
say. It was not supposed when the Constitu-
tion was formed that such a question could
ever arise, and fortunately for the history of
the country, it is true that such questions have
never arisen until quite recently, and I regret
exceedingly that any question should arise
now. It was supposed that there would be
no controversy, that the men selected by the
State would be persons about whose selec-
tion there would be no question, and the only
jurisdiction that Congress would have would
be to ascertain whether they were the persons
selected by the State.
Now, whether we can go behind that, as the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio would
seem to indicate, and inquire whether these
persons have been elected in the manner pro-
vided by the laws of the State, is to me a very
doubtful question. We can inquire, when a
person presents himself here as a Senator,
whether he has been elected by the Legisla-
ture of his State; but I very much doubt whether
we can enter that Legislature and inquire
whether those persons were properly chosen
members of the Legislature. We may inquire
if a Legislature exists 
Mr. THURMAN. Did I understand the
Senator to say that I suggested that amend-
ment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I spoke of the amend-
ment which was suggested by the Senator's
colleague.
Mr. THURMAN. I concur with the Sen-
ator about the practice, but I am willing to
vote for the resolution nevertheless, in order
to get the facts, and without committing myself
to any implication of law on the subject.
• Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend from Illi-
nois will allow me, I made the suggestion of
amendment to meet the argument of my col-
league, and, as I supposed, to gratify him. If
that is in the way 1 shall be very glad to with-
draw it, because I certainly desired to concili-
ate my colleague. (
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not my intention
to vote against the resolution. Iam npt oppos-
ing it. I recognize its importance, and 1 am
gratified that the Senator from Ohio has moved
on this subject. I thought it was one that re-
quired attention, and would myself have in-
troduced a resolution at an earlier day in the
session if I had been clear as to the jurisdic-
tion of the Senate to interfere in the matter,
and how we could interfere ; so that I am not
opposing the resolution. I do not wish, how-
ever, to be committed to the implication that
might be drawn from the peculiar wording of
the resolution authorizing this committee to in-
quire whether the laws of the States had been
complied with. I do not wish to commit myself
to the principle that we have a right to enter a
State and cauvass the vote for electors, to see
whether they were chosen by the proper per-
sons, as provided by the laws of that State,
further than to ascertain that they were the
authorized electors of the State, and I was
comparing that to the election of a Senator to
illustrate what I meant.
I have always doubted the authority of the
Senate of the United States to inquire into
the proper election of a member of a State
Legislature or of its constitution. If the
Legislature exists and is the recognized Legis-
lature of the State, I question whether Con-
gress has any authority to go behind that and
inquire into the constituent members com-
posing that legislative body to determine
whether they are rightly there or not. That
is for the Legislature of each State to determ-
ine for itself; and although it may be true
that there may be one or half a dozen mem-
bers that ought not to have been in that
Legislature in our opinion, if the State Legis-
lature under its State organization has organ-
ized and it is the recognized Legislature of
the State, if we find that to be the case, and it
has then made the election in pursuance of
the Constitution of the United States, I ques-
tion if we are not bound by the election. If
there are two Legislatures, then we must
determine which is the proper one. Unques-
tionably that will present the question.
Some years ago—I do not remember the
date, but I understand the Senator from Indi-
ana to say it was in 1865; I do not find the
date given in the book before me—the two
Houses of Congress agreed upon a rule in
regard to canvassing the votes for President
and Vice President. I will read a sentence
or two from it. It provides for the appoint-
ment of tellers of the two Houses, ana then
provides—
" If, upon the reading of any such certificate by
the tellers"—
That is, the certificate of the vote of the
electors in any State—
" any question shall arise in regard to counting the
votes therein certified, the same having been stated
by the Presiding Officer, the Senate shall thnrenpon
withdraw, and said question shall be submitted to
that body for its decision ; and the Speaker of the
House of Representatives shall, in like manner,
submit said question to the House of Representa-
tives for its decision; and no question shall be de-
cided affirmatively, and no vote objected to shall be
counted, except by the concurrent votes of the two
Houses; which being obtained, the two Houses shall
immediately reassemble, and the Presiding Officer
shall then announce the decision of the questiou
submitted, and upon any such question there shall
be no debate in either House; and any other ques-
tion pertinent to the objeot for which the two Houses
are assembled may be submitted and determined in
like manner. At such joint meeting of the two
Houses seats shall be provided as follows," <fcc.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois will suspend. The morning hour
has expired, and the Indian appropriation bill
is before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall have
this matter disposed of now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Indian appropriation bill will be
informally passed over, subject to a demand
for the regular order.
Mr. W1NDOM. I hate no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state to the Sen-
ator having charge of the appropriation bill
that my intention is to occupy only a moment
mote.
Mr. WINIjOM. I do not wish to interfere
with the Senator's remarks at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The rule proceeds:
" Such joint meeting shall not be dissolved until
the electoral votes are all counted and the result
declared; and no recess shall be taken unless a
question shall have arisen in regard to counting
any of such votes, in which case it shall be compe-
tent for either House, acting separately, in the man-
ner hereinbefore provided, to direct a recess, not
beyond the next day at the hour of one o'clock
p. m."
I read this to show what has been the con-
struction of this clause of the Constitution as
to the counting of the electoral votes, and this
construction, adopted in a joint rule in 1865,
as I understand the date of it to have been, is
in conformity with the action of Congress from
the beginning of the Government. Although
there might be some question, and undoubtedly
there is some ambiguity in the language of the
Constitution, inasmuch as it is left, in that un-
certain state, and says that the vote shali then
be counted without saying by whom it shall be
counted, and inasmuch as Congress has under-
taken to supervise this counting by appointing
tellers, and finally agreeing upon a rale of
the mode of proceeding, T think there has
been a settled construction of the Constitution
which we may rest upon, and may proceed to
count the vote at the recent election as it has
been done heretofore.
If there are two sets of electors from a State,
that involves the necessity of determining
which of those electors are the electors
appointed by the Legislature of the State, and
I question if that will not be the limit of our
inquiry, whether we can go beyond that to
determine which is the proper set of electors,
