30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 29,
Ho. oj? Reps.
Colorado Territory—Mr. Hooper.
42D OON«....SD
five railroad franchises, four bridge franchises,
two gus franchises, two water franchises, one
canal franchise, one ferry franchise, and two
franchises granting exclusive rights to float
wood and timber down the principal rivers
in the Territory. One franchise gives to its
recipients the exclusive right to run a ferry-
boat across the Humboldt river within Cer-
tain limits, and the second law of the ses-
sion was a franchise giving the exclusive right
for ten years to maintain a bridge across the
Carson river, at the foot of Main street, in
tl.e town of Dayton, forbidding the construc-
tion of any other bridge within three quarters
of a mile on either side, thus practically cutting
off all approach to the city except over the
proposed bridge, permitting the moderate
charge of fifty cents for toll for a wagon and
two animals, and inflicting a fine of f 100 to
be paid to the grantee of the franchise on any
person who should attempt to build another
bridge.
The town of Dayton was then, as I under-
stand, a flourishing burg of several thousand
people, the Carson river is a stream perhaps
fifty .feet wide, and the cost of the bridge might
in those flush times have reached a thousand
dollars 1 Am I mistaken in giving the gentle-
man from Montana tne credit of being a member
of the Legislature which made these grants?
The Montana territorial Legislature during
one session, that of 1864-65, granted fifty-one
private franchises, of which forty-seven were
toll road, bridge? and ferry franchises, cover-
ing eighty-five pages of the session laws, and
permitting a charge of four dollars toll for cross-
ing a bridge with a wagon and two animals.
The legislative grants of land and timber
rights in Utah of which the gentleman speaks
were neither so extensive nor so exclusive as is
asserted. No attempt was ever made to main-
tain ejectment upon them in any court, probate
or district. They were never esteemed as of
any particular value; 'no settler, Mormon or
non-Mormon, was ever excluded from land
by warrant of their authority. There is not a
foot of land held in Utah under them. They
belong to the past, and there was never an hour
iu that past when any person on earth was
injured by them.
The gentleman from Montana says that
these grants existed sufficiently long to enable
the Mormons to prevent outsiders from settling
in Utah. Of all the army of treasure-seekers
who wended their way across the plains from
1849 until the completion of the railroad in
1869, I challenge the gentleman, I challenge
the world, to present one single authenti-
cated case of a would-be settler being pre-
vented from settlement by Mormon grants
or Mormon interference. That there are but
few non-Mormon farmers in Utah is probably
true. The arid, treeless plains of Utah, re-
deemed to gardens only by the construction
of costly ditches and the ceaseless toil of irriga-
tion, presented few attractions to those farmers
who were free to choose either the genial
climate of California or the broad and fertile
acres of Iowa and Nebraska.
Nothing but a desire to reach a spot where
they could enjoy their religious faith unmo-
lested could have induced any considerable
number of persons to come to Utah at all ;
nothing but the system of cooperative indus-
try made possible by a unity of social and
religious interests, could have caused the con-
struction of irrigating canals and the harmo-
nious and equal distribution of water from
these canals.
The gentleman says that—
" There is a bitter irony in the claim that the Mor-
mons have made the desert to blossom as the rose
when we reflect that for twenty years, by means of
every judicial and legislative usurpation they could
devise, they have absolutely prohibited anybody
else from engaging in the same work."
Sir, is this true? Go westward to Nevada
and northward to Idaho. For hundreds of
miles you shall find a country whose physical
conditions, climate, and soil are entirely simi-
lar to those of Utah. You will find mountain
ranges with'valleys between, and streams of
water running out of the cafions. The land is
as fertile as that of Utah, the water &s abund-
ant, the sunshine as sweet. Thehs, as in Ut(ah,
it needs but the patient industry of man to
drape the scorched wastes with bending
orchards and change the arid deserts into smil-
ing lawns. Yet you shall travel for days along
these valleys and only the bark of the coyote
and the soft voice of the lark will disturb the
silence which broods from the Columbia to the
Colorado. Why have not the tion-Mormon
farmers, who, it is said, have been excluded
from Utah, not settled in this unelaimed neigh-
boring territory? Sir, there are no such ex-
eluded men ; they are the creatures of the gen-
tleman's imagination.
The gentleman has alluded to a grant of
land made to myself and associates iu Skull
valley; I am glad he has done so, as an ex-
planation of the circumstances connected with
that grant will explain those that surrounded
others. About a year before the grant re-
ferred to was made by the Assembly my part-
ners and myself established a herd ground
and opened a farm at Skull valley. We made
improvements to the extent of a couple of
thousand dollars At the next meeting of the
Legislative Assembly, without any action on
my part, and indeed without my knowledge,
a grant of a herd ground in Skull valley
was made to sundry persons, myself included.
Some time last year the United States sur-
veyed that land. It was then open for pre-
emption. All that my associates and myself
expect to get of that land are two quarter sec-
tions, for which the Government will receive
its $1 25 an acre. Does this look like "plas-
tering." grants over the soil of Utah 1
But the gentleman says he finds a grant of
a toll road was made to me. I believe there
was such a grant, but until mentioned by him
the whole matter had passed from my mind.
As this was a sample of many other grants for
toll roads, 1 take pleasure in explaining it.
At the .time of the passage of this grant Mr.
Ben Holladay was the proprietor of the line
of stages running from the Missouri river to
Salt Lake. He thought he had found a better
route for his line than the one usually trav-
eled, and petitioned the Legislative Assembly
to grant him, his partner, Mr. Halsey, and
myself the right to collect toll over that part
of the road which he proposed to build in
Utah Territory, it being understood that a sim-
ilar franchise had been granted by Colorado
for that portion running from Denver to the
western line of that Territory.. That road was
never built, tolls were never collected, and the
grantees never derived a cent benefit from it.
The gentleman complains that every little
hamlet and town in Utah has been incor-
porated, and great powers given to the alder-
m'en. How has this injured him? How has
it injured the people? How has it inflicted
wrong on any person on earth ? He will find
no increase of taxation, no restrictions on
private action, and no invasion of public or
private rights in consequence. It was thought
wise to allow each settlement, separated as it
often was by many miles of desert from its
nearest neighbor, to regulate its own local
affairs in its own way and provide for its
own needs rather than to build up expensive
county governments stretching over vast areas
at great cost. And the municipal governments
of Utah, founded as they are on the model
furnished by the town governments of some
of the New England States, are the most
economical and democratic governments in
the world.
The gentleman says that in practice these.
municipalities " regulate everything above the
earth, and on the earth, and under the'eaHh."
It seems, however, that the Legislative Assem-
bly of Utah was willing that these privileges,
with which the gentleman finds fault, shoultrbe
shared by Mormon and non-Mormon' aliSe,
fori find'tliat the town of Corinne, founded
under non-Mormon auspices, and occupied'by
that class of citizens, had as extensive powdrs
conferred by its chaTter upon its board o 1
aldermen as those enjoyed by any other city,
however favored, in the Territory.
With respect to the grant of an exclusive
right to Brigham Young to manufacture whis-
ky, I can only say that it was an effort to
confine the making of whisky to a man whp
never drinks liquor, who hates intemperance
and its evils, and who, if he could have eon-
trolled it, would never have made a drop ov
permitted a drop to enter Utah only so far as
needed for medicinal purposes.
The gentleman says that— "
"A man cannot go to Salt Lake City and start a
butcher shop, because he runs in conflict witfc the
corporation butcher shop, which is carrying on the
sale of meat."
This is of a piece with the recklessness of
statement which marks the speech of the gen-
tleman from Montana. There is not .now and
never has been a corporation butcher shop in
Salt Lake City, nor has the corporation ever
engaged in the sale of meats. In the relation
of the story of P. H. Lannan, therefore, there
is a remarkable economization of truth.
The Salt Lake City authorities erected-a
market-house, as other cities haVe don^ before,
and prohibited the sate of fresh meat except
at this market-house, as many cities in the.
western and eastern States have done before
Mr. Lannan could have sold meat in this mar-
ket-house on exactly the same conditions as
the dozen or twenty butchers who complied
with the ordinance. But he applied for per-
mission to keep a butcher "shop, not at the
market-house, but on the main street of the
city, two blocks and a half distant. The com-
mon council of Salt Lake City declined to
violate its sanitary ordinance to oblige him,
and then Mr. Lannan started a butcher shop
anyhow. It is not true that suit after suit and'
prosecution after prosecution was instituted
against him. But three suits were instituted,
and pending the decision of the district court
upon the power of the common council to con-
fine the sale of meat to a particular locality,
and for a period of two months or thereabout,
Mr. Lannan was allowed to run his butcher
shop without further molestation.
It is true, as the gentleman from Montana
asserts, "that the Salt Lake City council at-
tempted to prohibit the sale of liquor in Salt
Lake City except by the corporation." Pol-
lowing in the course marked out by Maine
and New Hampshire and Massachusetts, the
authorities of Salt Lake sought to restrict
and regulate the use of intoxicating liquors.
Failing to obtain the sanction of Judge Titus
to their ordinance confining the sale of liquor
to the corporation shop, they attempted, as
the gentleman from Montana asserts, "to get
around that decision" by levying a tax so
great that it should be impossible for saloon-
keepers to pay it. They fixed the dram shop
license ut $3,600 per annum. They hoped
this tax would be a prohibitory one. They
hoped by this means to prevent the establish-
ment of drinking saloons. They hoped to
turn the current of vice away from Salt Lake
City. They failed ; first, because two or three
men were able to pay the enortnous license
fees and still keep their dram-shops open,
and then dozens of men, encouraged by the
Federal officers and judges, opened drinking-
saloons, refused to pay license, and defied,
and still continue to defy, all efforts of the
.city authorities to the contrary.
