H33Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February. 13,
REM-TIONS OF .THE WORK TO THE QVESTIQN OF COAL
SUPPLY.
. The construction of this work would al30 develop
the vastcoal mines ofthe Kanawha valley, through
which itruBs fot more than two hundred miles, and
would throw into the markets ofthe East its carniel,
*pHnt, and bitumkiouscoals. Ifthe danal should be
thrown opeh free of tolls, these coals would be sent
from the Kanawha valley to: New York at a less
fxrice than those of Cumberland and Pennsylvania,
thereby preventing those *' corners" in the coal
marketwhich produce eo much distress and ex-
tortion; - ■   • - J
>- -Th© devel opment this coal, and of the iron ore
of Virginia and West Virginia, in close proximity
mo each'Other a,nd to limestone, on the borders of
-the oanal and- the Chesapeake and Ohio railroad.
Would open tip a new and boundless field for the
Enterprise andmechanical skill of the country. The
trade that would be thrown on the canal and rail-
road by the development of the coal and iron region
<©f these two States, and by the opening of a cheaper
communication with the West, and which would
geek a market through Hampton Roads, would re-
vive and give new impulse to the commercial and
shipping interests of the eastern cities.
. Thus the agricultural interests of the West, the
manufacturing and commercial interests of the East,
and the defensive Capacity of the country will be
promoted by the opening of this water line ; and it
ib for these reasons that Virginia, unable to finish
the work, asks the aid of the Government in com-
pleting an improvement which appears to be neces-
sary for the prosperity, progress, and power of the
whole country.
COST AND FINANCIAL PROMISE OF THK WOBK.
Tfio estimated cost of the work is $48,000,000, and
it is claimed that it can be completed in four years.
Engineers estimate tho business at an equivalent of
7,000,000 of through tonnage as a basis of calcula-
tion for revenues. Their estimate of less than fifteen
cents for Wheat from St. Louis to Hampton Roads
and New York includes a charge of one dollar per
ton for tolls on the canal. This would give a reve-
nae of$7,000,000 per annum, orSG.OOO.OOOufter setting
apart $1,000,000 for repairs. Six million dollars
would pay four and a half per cent, interest on the
bonds issued for construction, and leave three mil-
lions and three quarters per annum as a sinking
fund.
WHAT THE TWO STATES OF VIRGINIA PROPOSE.
The States of Virginia and West Virginia propose
to relinquish their interests in the work, which is
$10,400,000, of which $7,400,000 is preferred stock,
representing money actually expended in prosecut-
ing the work to Buchanan; and will turn tho whole
line over to the Government to be completed in such
manner as Congress may direct. If Congress shall
see fifc to complete the work by direet appropriation
without a return of principal and interest, tho two
States further agree that the line as soon as com-
pleted shall be thrown open to the public free of
toll, except so far as necessary to keep the work in
repair. This suggestion is made in the broad view
that this is a work in which the whole nation will
be the stockholder, and that the money paid for its
construction will be more than returned each year
in the saving of cost in transportation, the cheapen-
ing of provisions, and the general development and
prosperity of the country.
The two States propose that]the prosecution of the
work and the management of the property after
completion shall be committed to a board of com-
missioners, appointed by the Presidont of the United
States, <Jr by the President and Governors of the
btates more nearly interested in the line, or in any
Other way in which Congress may think that its
construction and management will best promote the
prosperity and welfare of the country. '
There is a debt due by the James River and Ka-
nawha Company which is referred to in the bill relat-
ing to this subject as not exceeding $1,000,000. This
Sum there named is designed as a limitation beyond
which there can be no payment, under the b:ll,
toward extinguishing private interests in the shape
01 debt, but also large enough to include every
known contingent liability. There is stock of this
company m private and corporate hauds (chiefly the
c*ties of Richmond and Lynchburg and the College
of Washington) to the amount of twenty thousand
shares, which originally cost a par of $100 in cash,
and which the bill provides that the two States shall
take measures to extinguish at a price not exceeding
twenty-five dollars pershare, oras much less as may
be practicable. Any pledge given by the two States
looking to the relinquishment ofthe interests of the
company or the exemption of tolls must of course be
subordinate to the rights of creditors and private
stockholders of the company, which, in view of the
small amount involved, admit of easy adjustment.
HISTORICAL CONSIDERATIONS.
May we not venture, in conclusion, upon a few
remarks touching the claims of Virginia upon the
national Government? During the war of the Rev-
olution. all the settlements west ofthe Alleghany
mountains were withdrawn to the oast, except those
ot Virginia, m Kentucky, and on the waters of the*
Holston river. Her undaunted pioneers in those
quarters refused to come in to places of safety thus
holding the entire valley of the Ohio. They re-
mained throughout the long seven years' struggle,
lhey did more: bravely rehiring ro stand upon the
defensive, they undertook aggressive movements
which efterted mighty results in the destiny of our
country. Colonel William Campbell n^aiched with
a regiment of eight' hundred men from tho valley of
Holston against Coruwallis, and beat Ferguson y,t
King's mountain, in Carolina, in. a battle which Ban-
croft and all the historians declare to have decided
the fate of Cornwallis and the destiny of the south-
ern colonies, Colonel George Rogers Clarke, whom
Mr. Jefferson always delighted to call " the Hanni-
bal of America," inarched with a body of Kentucky
volunteers, reinforced by some companies sent out
by Governor Patrick Henny, across th6 Ohio into
the northwestern territory. With means wholly
disproportioned to the'great ends he accomplished,
Clarke conquered for Virginia the whole country
south and west of the Lakes, so that.at the treaty
of peace with England in 1783, the right of Virginia
to that country was expressly conceded by the
British Crown. Thus it "was that Virginia troops
and Virginia commanders prevented the limits of
.Canada from extending* after.the.war-o£..independ-.
ence, to the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, and pre,-
vented theclaim of Spain and boundary of Louisiana
from reaching to the Alleghany mountains every-
where south of the Qhio.
Virginia not only tb us conquered tl\© northwestern
country by her own men andf means, but she after-
ward ceded that magnificent territory to the Union,
amounting to more than onehundred and fifty-three
million acres, upon two solemnly stipulated con-
ditions, namely: first, that slavery should be for-
ever prohibited there; and second, that the lands
should be held and sold as common property for -the
use of all the States, in proportion to their repre-
sentation in the common Government, and for no
other use whatever.
In view of- the facts so honorable to Virginia thus
recited, the late General Walbridge, in a speech in
the National Board of Trade, in December, 1869,
said:
"The Northwestwas a contribution by Virginia to
the civilization of the human race, for when she
made that donation she impressed upon its virgin
brow the immortal kiss of human freedom. This
territory, composing the States of Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, Minnesota, and Wisconsin, has attained a
population of ten millions, and is destined to con-
tain one hundred millions. And'will the West with
its prosperity, either in this board or in Congress,
withhold from Virginia, the mother of States and
the mother of Presidents, the opportunity of having
intercourse with her daughters in the Northwest?
Will it, by its representatives on this floor or in Con-
gress, refuse the request which Virginia makes for
the opening of communication between this terri-
tory, which she gave to freedom, and the Atlantic ?
Something is due to tho history of the past. I care
not whether the proposed work will reduce the price
of flour, or grain, or corn, as necessarily it must do.
It is enough for me to know that Virginia, in the
hour of her poverty and her- need, asks of the Gov-
ernment, not a subsidy, not an appropriation, but
simply that she may enjoy something ofthe pros-
perity in which her daughters of the Northwest now
rejoice. That is the question before this body.
Shall we withhold the boon?
441 know there are gentlemen who differ from me
on the constitutional question, and who say that the
General Government oughtnotto do what is asked."
* * " I would not, under any circum-
stances, inculcate any infraction of the Constitution.
But I remember that the men who framed it, in their
day and generation, nobly performed their part;
and they did not assume to circumscribo the oper-
ations of those who were to bear their name, to
partatko of their blood, and to follow in their steps.
When the Constitution was adopted, steam had not
been introduced, electricity was unknown ; for it is
but sixty years sincesteam was first used as a motive
power, and only forty years have passed since the
first railroad was commenced." * * * *
*4In tho matter of locomotion, there had been no
improvement since the civilization of the world
began until within forty years. Ask me what I
think of the men who framed the Constitution. In
their day and generation they wero tho wisest body
of men which had ever been assembled. But new
agencies have come into play; new forces have been
employed since they passed from the theater of
action, and we, their descendants, are to act with
reference to our responsibility in view of that fact.
" Mr. President and gentlemen, this question is one
that addressoss itself with peculiar force to the
northern pait of this country. In the recent un-
happy war we grew rich, while the men ofthe South
trew poor. I regret to make the statement, but the
^ outhisto-day crushedoutinhermaterialresources,
in her money power; and should we of the North,
who have become prosperous and rich, withhold
from the South the benefits of that policy which has
been so fully pursued to our advantage? Look at the
subsidies that have beengiven to your great lines of
railroads; look at the policy which has been pur-
sued in the Norih, and say whether you can now
refuse to the South what is asked at your hands."
Impelled by the foregoing views, the Legislatures
of several of the States contiguous to the line of pro-
posed navigation which has been described—among
them, Kansas, Iowa, Kentucky, Ohio, Virginia, and
West Virginia—have memorialized Congress in favor
of the completion of this line strictly on national
account, as a national work, divested of all private
interest and corporate ownership.
Similar action has been taken by various commer-
cial conventions of the country, by the National
Board of Trade, and by the Boards and Chambers of
Commerce of many leading cities.
THE ATLANTIC AND GREAT WESTERN CANAL.
It is proposed to connect by canal and slack-water
navigation, the Coosa, Etowah andOcmulgee rivers
tho Tennessee rjverat Guntersyille, Alabama, with
the Atlantic ocoac, at S ivaunah, Georgia 5 commenc-
ing at GuntfersviHe, the most southern pomtreached
by the Tennessee river, thence to Coosa, thirty
miles distant, which it enters and follows to Rome
Georgia, up to which point the Coosa river is navi-
gable for large steamboats at all seasons of the year.
From Rome, the canal follows the Etowah river
to its nearest point of contact "with the Ocmulgee,
and thence down the latter stream to navigable
water and the Atlantic ocean.
By *his means the entire navigable waters ofthe
States of Alabama, eastern Mississippi and west
Florida, will be connected with the v^st inland sea,
comprised in the term, ''Mississippi river and its
tributaries/' also the "navigable system of the States
of South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, and a part of
North Carolina, embracing about five thousand
miles of water easily navigated By vessels of light
draft, .used upon canals. Thes^e vessels would pene-
trate the streams and estuaries above referred to
into almost every portion of these six States—States
that produce the major portion of the cotton raised
upon this continent.
The census of 1870 shows, that Georgia, South Car-
olina, Alabama, and Florida, the States which will
be directly effected by the construction of this canal,
had an aggregate population of 3,074,455.
These States product* 57,215,600 bushels of grain.
Their average consumption, according to data fur-
nished by- the Bureau of Statistics, is 104,521,470
bushels. This leaves a deficit of 47,305,870 bushels to
be supplied by other States. As the larger portion
-of this grain is needed along the seaboard, in what is
known as the cotton belt* we may assume the dis-
tance.from St. Louis to Savannah as the average
distance this grain is moved. This would make the
eostof transportation on each ton $14 40, at one and
a half cents per ton per mile. The engineer's report
gives the cost by the proposed canal at $4 88 per ton
Tor the same distance, that is, from St. Louis to
Savannah. This is a saving of $9 52 upon each ton,
and an aggregate saving of $13,647,024 72 upon one
article in a single year, the development of a latent
value of nearly fourteen millions to be divided be-
tween the producer and the consumer.
These States produce 2,682 hogsheads of sugar,
172,232,812 pounds of rice, and 1,167,705 bales of cot-
ton. The number of bales equals nearly half the
cotton product of the United States.
The greSt need of this section is cheap food; its
soil and climate is not adapted to the production of
grain, and the high price of breadstuffs has retarded
its development, The opening of the proposed
canal will supply this need.
The census gives the average price of corn in these
States at ninety-seven cents per bushel, and wheat
at one dollar and ninety-one cents. In many coun-
ties, and especially in the cotton belt, corn is seldom
less than one dollar and fifty cents per bushel, and
often more than two dollars per bushel.
The value of the cotton crop of these States ex-
ceeds $144,000,000.
The scarcity of food and the excessive prices de-
manded force more than five million acres in
these States into grain. This takes away from the
production of cotton about one half the labor and
capital of the South. These acres planted in cotton
would add 2,500,000 bales to a foreign export, and
increase the value of that export about $200,000,000
annually, which would cause the wealth of the world
to flow toward us instead of away from us as it has
been doing in times past.
When we reflect that the West produces a vast
surplus of food—which now is worthless because it
has no market—we are led to the conclusion that
cheap transportation is the great and pressing need,
not only of the South and West, but of the whole
country.
The uniting of these two systems of navigation,
which may be aptly termed " inland seas/' and upou
whose borders products so widely different in char-
acter grow, is of such evident importance to the
prosperity of the whole country that it requires 110
discussion. That it will double the product of cotton
we believe; that it will open a home market to the
grain and food producin? sections, requires no dem-
onstration; and that the surplus breadstuffs of the
country may be exported at a profit, and the export-
ation of cotton largely increased, is susceptible of
tho clearest proof.
Tho engineer officer in charge of the survey of this
canal, in his report, says:
It may be said for it, that while it enjoys every
advantage possessed by the others, it is superior to
them all in this, that it will never beobstrncted by ice;
will never be rendered impassable by drought; does
not descend sufficiently low into the heated region
to have its cargo injured by heat or moisture ; will
require no rehandhng of cargo between the points
of shipment and discharge; and will cost but little
more than the Erie canal enlarged, while its ca-
pacity will be greater, and no doubt it will, like the
Jine canal, pay for the original outlay, interest,
expenses of repair, and service, with a large balance
to its credit, in the course of thirty years."
Since 1860 the North has constantly and actively
progressed. Its harbors have been improved, its
rivers cleansed^ out; ship-canals have been con-
structed, and liberal appropriations, grants, and
subsidies for internal improvements have been
demanded and obtained. On the other hand, south-
ern harbors have been filled up, its rivers are 44 a
waste ot waters." All it has to-day is a few impov-
erished railroads, badly managed, and pontrolled in
the interest of capital, whose exorbitant rates dis-
courage and hams* productive industry anri retard
the development of a rich and fertile section.
In the construction of this work the company asks
no land grant, subsidy, or appropriation of money.
It propo^os to build this canal vith its own means,
