32
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 16,
Ho., ob Reps.
Oklahoma Territory—Mr, Maynard.
42d Gong.... 3d Sess.
The history of the Cherokee® is something
remarkable, and well worthy of attention in
connection with this proposed legislation. In
July, 1817, General Jackson, as minister pleni-
potentiary of the United States, so called in the
preamble, made a treaty with these Cherokees
in which occurs this declaration :
"The deputies from thelower towns to makeknown
their desire to continue the hunter life, and also the
scarcity of game where they then lived, and, under
those circumstances, their wish to remove across tBe
Mississippi river, on some vacant lands of the United
States, &c.
■ That is the only portion of the treaty that I
deem it necessary to refer to in this immediate
connection. Then on February 19, 1819, Mr.
Calhoun, then Secretary of War, and especially
authorized by the President for that purpose,
negotiated a second treaty, in which occurs
this expression:
"Whereas a greater part of the Cherokee nation
naye expressed an earnest desire to remain on this
side oi the Mississippi, and being desirous, in order
to commence those measures which they deem neces-
sary to the civilization and preservation of their
nation, &o.
Then follows the treaty in accordance with
that wish. From 1819 I will not say began but
continued the memorable struggle between
the Cherekees and the people of Georgia.
Their lands in that State were very valuable
and desirable. The history of that straggle,
how it resulted in th« arrest and imprison-
ment of missionaries, in the arrest and im-
prisonment of persons who went there from
curiosity, including among others the author
of that -well-known piece of music, "Sweet
Home," and in a disregard of the decisions
of the Supreme Court of the United States,
which were set at naught—all that is a part of
the history of those timtes. How much indig-
nant eloquence it called forth is known to us
who were the school boys of that day, and
who learned it as a part of our daily recita-
tions. The struggle ended in the treaty of
December 19, 1835, the treaty of New Echota,
sometimes known as Schermerhorn's treaty.
The preamble of that treaty uses this lan-
guage:
" Whereas the Chorokees are anxious to make some
arrangements with the Government of the United
States whoreby the difficulties they have experi-
enced by a residence within the settled parts of the
United States under tho jurisdiction and lawsofthe
State governments may be terminated and adjusted;
and with a view to reuniting their people in one
body and socuring a permanent home for themselves
and thflir posterity in the country selected by their
forefathers without the territorial limits of the State
sovereignties, and where they can establish and
enjoy a government of their choice and perpetuate
such a state of society as may be most consonant
with-their views, habits, and conditions, and as may
tend to their individual comfort and their advance-
ment in civilization."
I now call the attention of the House to the
fifth article of' this treaty : '  
" The United States hereby covenant and agree
that the lands oeded to the Cherokee nation in the
fOTegmng artiele shall in no future time, without
their consent, be included within the territorial
limits or j urisdiction of any State or Territory. But
they shall secure to the Cherokee nation the right by
their national councils, to make and carry into eileet
all such laws as they may deem necessary for the
government and protection of the persons and prop-
erty within their own country, belonging to their
pepple, or such persons as have connected them-
selves with them: Provided always. That they shall
not be inconsistent with the Constitution of tho
United States and such acts of Congress as have
been or may be passed regulating trade a.nd inter-
course with the Indians; and also that they shall
not be considered as extending to such citizens and
Army of the United States as may travel or reside
in the Indian country by permission, according to
the laws and regulations established by the Govern-
ment of the same."
And further on the seventh article of the
treaty provides as follows :
"The Cherokee nation having already made great
progress in civilization, and deeming it important,
and that every proper and laudable inducement
should_ be offered to their people to improve their
condition as well as to guard and secure in the moat
effectual manner the rights guarantied to them in
this treaty, and with a view to illustrate the liberal
and enlarged policy of the Government of the United
States toward the Indians in their removal beyond
the territorial limits of the States, it is stipulated
that they shall be entitled to ft Delegate in tho House
ot .Representatives of the United btates whenever
Congress shall make provision for the same."
Mr. FARNSWOKTH. Did not Congress
make treaties similar to that with some of these
very tribes of Indians as to their lands before
they were moved to this Indian territory? Did
we not make guarantees just as sacred and
strong in language as these which the geutle-
man has read with some of these very tribes
of Indians when they lived in other portions
of the couutry ? And did not the Government
afterward revoke them and take the lands away
from them, showing that the word " forever"
did not mean forever, but until we wanted the
land for ourselves?
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman
mean that that is his interpretation of the
treaty, and does he justify it? If so, he may
have the benefit of that justification.
Mr. FARNSWOKTH. Has not that really
been the practice of the Government?
Mr. MAYNARD. I am not hereto vin-
dicate the course of the Government toward
the Indians j on the contrary, in my opinion
it has been liable to very just criticism and
censure.
Mr. McKEE. Allow me to say 
Mr. MAYNARD. As I have but twenty
minutes time, I beg gentlemen will not thrust
themselves unbidden into my limited time.
Mr. McKEB. I desire to say that two wrongs
do not make a right; that if we did wrong' in
one instance there is no justification in that
for another wrong.
Mr. FARNSWOKTH. I have only to
say 
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman have
the kindness to be silent now, mid speak when
he has the floor. [Laughter.] This is the
state of our dealings as a nation with the
Cherokee Indians. 'Jbat we have heretofore
broken faith with the Indians is not to the
purpose now, one way or the other. I wish
to show what had been our relations and our
intercourse with this tribe of Indians. Under
this treaty they took up their line of march,
went westwai-d across the Mississippi, and
settled down upon the lands which were guar-
antied to them by this compact. It was a
melancholy procession ; one in the catalogue
of the great sorrows of peoples. The country
that they left has to-day a national cemetery,
where, for every Cherokee that was removed,
there sleeps a goodly young man gathered
from some distant part of the country and
buried there" in his blood.
At that day this Indian country of the West
was upon the outskirts of the territory of the
United States; it was beyond Arkansas—out-
side the limits of any State or orgauized Ter-
ritory. We had not acquired Texas ; we had
not gained New Mexico. Both those acquisi-
tioiib and the westward march of our people
have brought the red man's land into a con-
dition,where it is valuable and very much de-
sired. One of the first acts of encroachment
upon it occurred in 1859. Of the lands that
the treaty of 1845 ceded to the Cherokees was
a tract of eight hundred thousand acres for
which they paid in money $500,000, and for
which a title in fee-simple was guarantied to
them. When the State of Kansas applied for
admission and was admitted those eight, hun-
dred thousand acres were, in violation of the
stipulations of this treaty, embraced within
the limits of that State, and became, as far as
regarded any use by the Indians, utterly lost
to them. They were obliged to sell the tract
and get for it as much as they could ; and
under the treaty of 1860 they did get, as it
turned out, something more than they had
originally given, not eountiug interest for
upward of thirty years.
Now, this bill, disguise it how we may, is
simply a contrivance to take from the Cher-
okees the rest of their territory, of which they
have been again and again judicially declared
and decreed to be the owners, and to givB it
to the white men of the country, regardless
of the Indians or their rights. It means that
exactly; and the question is, shall we do it.
That we have the power nobody I suppose will
seriously controvert. I mean to say that if
we determine to appropriate this tract of
country there is no power to resist us. The
case of the United States vs. Boudinot has
been referred to as establishing the principle
that we are not restricted in our legislative
powers by the stipulations of treaties. Why,
sir, if we choose to make laws in violation of
treaties and to take the responsibility attend-
ant upon such legislation, we certainly may
do it, whether the treaty be with- a tribe of
Indians or with the Government of Great
Britain. The only difference is that in the
one case, where the other party to the treaty
is a powerful nation, the result would probably
be war; while in the other case, the party
aggrieved being a weak people, we can violate
treaties with impunity. This is the whole
case. Here are these unoffending people to
whom in a former period of political difficulty,
when they submitted against their tenderest
feelings to what they regarded as a very great
hardship, not to say a great oppression, we
guarantied this land, to be held by them as
theirs in perpetuity, and not to be included
within the limits of any State or Territory
without their consent. Now, shall we observe
the faith thus plighted? No more, no less.
That the Indians are opposed to this bill we
know from their protests, the protests of their
recognized representatives, th.e protests of the
priucipal chief of the Cherokee tribe and of
the several tribal delegations. I submit the
protest which has been laid before us:
To the Congress of the United States:
Gentlemen : We had the honor of appearing be-
fore you at your last session to protest against the
passage of a bill which has been reported from the
Committee on the Territories of the House of Repre-
sentatives by Mr. Paukeb, of Missouri. We have
again beensent by the people of tho Indian territory
to protest, in their name, against the passage of a
measure so ruinous to their interests, so covertly de-
signed to doprive them of their property, and so full
of mischief to tho helpless people of that territory,
who are driven to depend on your sense of justioe.
lo strengthen and establish the argument we have
formerly used, the Supreme Court oi the United
States has just decided, in the case of Holden vs.
Joy, that tho Cherokees hold their lands by patent
in iee-simple from the Government. This decision
of the court also applies to the lands of the other
Indian nations in tho Indian country, the Creeks,
tho Semmoles, the Choctaws, and Chickasaws, &c.,
whose tenure to their lands is substantially tho
same m all respects to .that of the Cherokees.' This
has always been the understanding of our Indian
nations on the subject, and the three Departments
oi your Uovernmeut, in all their acts relating to
the Indians, have, with inarmed uniformity, ex-
pressed really the same views. We would naturally
bo led to expect that an agrarian law, which pro-
posed to set aside property rights and destroy the
title and the parties holding it, would receive-iittLe
favor from you. Wo do not and cannot imagine that
any such a measure will receive your sanction. The
only dread that we have is that in the hurry of
legislation these things may be overlooked. We
earnestly desire to call your attention to them.
We object to the whole measure of Mr. Parker.
Ihe bpirit of his bill is a blow at our nationalities,
in which our security and tho right to our property
rests. It does not originate with the people of the
Indian territory. It is framed in a spirit hostile to
their safety and interests. We believe it to be sim-
ply a scheme of certain railroad companies to get
possession of our lands. It originates with a few cor-
porations in the West, and is pushed by others in the
interest ot lawless squatters, who are itching to
jump on our lanus, and yet it has the presumption to
assume that it is designed for our benefit. Any gov-
ernment honestly designed for the people of the In-
dian territory must have the confidence of that peo-
ple ere it be a success. These people differ widely in
condition, but very many of them are not unfamiliar
with, government. The governments now there are
as secure, and even less turbulent, than those of the
border btates around them. That our nations are
sunermg from laok of government is simply a false-
hood.
With the object in view of consolidating the In-
dian nations or tribes according to the Indian policy
