1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
paratively ignorant. One hundred and twenty-
eight localities are named ia the bill, small
creeks, harbors, streams, and small rivers, ia
distant parts of the country, with which we are
almost totally unacquainted.
Now, I have felt from year to year ia voting
for titese appropriations for rivers and harbors
this cine necessity bf information upon the point
whether these rivers arid harbors Were of suffi-
cient general importance to authorize Congress
to appropriate money for their improvement.
They should be of some general consequence
to justify their improvement by the nation.
It is not and it ought notto be the policy of
this Government to go into the construction
of improvements and works which are merely
local in their character; but we never can find
out here from the Committee oft Commerce or
by information which we cad derive from wit-
nesses, either by letter or word of mouth, that
knowledge which wilt be put at once into our
bands if we had some officer of the Govern-
ment authorized to look over the entire sphere
of the works proposed and give us his views as
to their general importance and consequence,
as to their relations to and connections with the
business of the country. There ought to be a
system of general estimated for all of these
works as to their business importance as well
as to their cost.
There is another matter which I deem of
very great consequence just now. In the
treaty which we have recently concluded with
Great Britain there is a provision which looks
to. the opening of the St. Lawrence, and the
canals connecting the St. Lawrence with our
lakes and the lakes themselves, to the joint
use of the two nations of that' extensive water-
line which divides the two great maritime
Powers of the world—Great Britain and
America.
There is now before this House, referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, a joint
resolution which provides for the appoint-
ment of three commissioners on the part of
the United States to unite with three com-
missioners on the part of the Dominion of
Canada to look over this whole line and re-
port upon a plan for opening this Vast field for
trade and commerce at an early day. The
treaty contemplates such action on the part of
both Governments, and will be of incalculable
benefit to both nations if carried out in good
taith. We have a great Mediterranean sea
upon which may float the vessels of both
nations, giving to the interior of the continent
cheap outward and inward freights, and ena-
bling the fruitful West to have a market near
at hand. This can only be accomplished by
an improvement of the river and the canals,
and works connecting the great lakes with the
ocean. If the board of commissioners of com-
merce could do no more than inaugurate this
great schemes they would have done enough.
1 mention these things as instances to show the
mighty field of operations for the friends of
commerce in our land.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I now yield twenty
minutes to the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
PiilCE J
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, twenty-three
months ago to-day I had the honor of bring-
ing to the attention of this House, in a bill
which I then introduced, the great water-lme
enterprise which, has b6eo chartered by th.e
General Assembly of the State of Georgia,
and now known as the Atlantic and Great
Western canal. That bill is now under con-
sideration. .
Since the attention of Congress was tirst
called to the work the route has been care-
fully surveyed by eminent engineers, under
the direction of the Secretary of War, by au-
thority of Congress. It has received the atten-
tion of various State Legislatures, national
commercial conventions, the press, ^ and of
many distinguished gentlemen, both in public
and 'private life. My eolleague, [Mr. Do-
BOse,] in a recent speech to this House, pre-
sented the claims of this work in a most
forcible and convincing 'argument.
The President of the United States in his
annual message of December last, in calling
the attention of Congress to- the ■'' various
enterprises for the more dertain and cheaper
transportation of the constantly . increasing
surplus ofwestern and southern products,"
has this to saiy:
*' One' routs to cotaneot'the Mississippi v&IHy with
the Atlantic, at Charleston South Carolina,, .and
Savannah, Ueorgia, by water,, by the way of the
Ohio and TenileSseo rivers. And canals and slack-
wnio.r M.visrfUkyn -to the Savannah and Ocmuteee
riversj has been surveyed and report made by an
accomplished engineer officer of the Army. Second
andthli'd, new routes will be proposed for the con-
sideration of Congress, namely, by an extension of
the Kanawha ana James liiver oanal to the Ohio.
an,d by extension of the Chesapoake and Ohio canal.
" I am not prepared to reeomtiaend Government
aid to thsse or other enterprises until it is elearly
shown that they are not only of national interest,
but that when completed they will bo of a value
commensurate with their cost."
THE KOCTE.
Before proceeding to examine the various
questions involved in the discussion of this
scheme to connect the waters of the Mississippi
with the Atlantic as. one of national interest,,
or the other question, whether its value to the
country when completed will be commensurate
with its cost, let us first examine the route
of this canal—Its location and connections.
Leaving the Ohio river at the mouth of the
Tennessee river we follow the natural channel
of the latter stream until we reach Gunters-
ville, in Alabama. At this point the waters
of the Tennessee and Coosa rivers are sep-
arated by a narrow strip or neck of land only
thirty miles in .width. A canal across this
isthmus will open navigation to the Gulf of
Mexico on the one hand and to Rome, Georgia,
on the other. Prom Rome the canal will
follow the Etowah river about fifteen miles to
a point where it is feasible to connect the
Etowah with the Ocmulgoe, thence following
the latter stream and the Altamaha until it
reaches the Atlantic ocean.
the aid sought for.
Mr. Speaker, in relation to the aid which is
asked for this work, there is one point Which
I wish particularly to impress upon this Hoose
and upon the country, and that is that the aid
asked for this great national work is in no
sense whatever a subsidy. The bill provides
that when the Atlantic and Great Western
Canal Company has constructed and fully pre-
pared for use ten consecutive miles of their
canal, and has Satisfied the Secretary of the
Treasury that the same has been built in con-
formity to the provisions of the act, that he is
then, upon application of the said company,
authorized and required to indorse the guaran-
tee of the United States Government for the
payment of the interest only upon a number
ofthe company's bonds not exceeding $80,000
per mile upon that portion of the work already
constructed and completed, and so on for each
ten miles thereafter until the whole line is
completed. The bill further provides that the
United States shall have a prior lieu and mort-
gage upon the canal and all other property of
the company purchased with the proceeds of
these bonds; and this, Mr. Speaker, is given
as security to the United States for an indorse-
ment which will not in any case excecd the
sum of $30,000 upon a section of ten miles of
the canal. . .
The security given for this indorsement
would certainly seem sufficient. But there is
another view of the matter which makes it
much more impressive. If this work is of
such value that private capital can be found
to build it upon the terms provided _in this
bill, the Government should not hesitate to
lend the pitiful aid asked for so grand an en-
terprise. The very fact that those men are
ready to advance the money needed for the
work is not only the best evidence of the
value of the work itsfeif, and of.its commer-
cial importance^ but is the Very bestgiiar&utee
that the strictest'economy will be escercised
in its construction. For I wish gentlemen to
bear in mind that tot one dent'trf this money
is to be furnished by the' Government,> or is it'
responsible in any way for its payto'ent. It is
private capital, invested in a great enterprise,)
upon the security of feith in the value of thej
work itself. . , , i.
Now, I ask if private capital is willing to«l6
this for the benefit not otily of my section but
of the whole country^ cannot the United States,
this great and powerful Government which
counts its revenues by hundreds of millions,
come in and say that they will guaranty the
interest opon the sum expanded, aad- mote
especially when the security offered for that
guarantee, or any risk which it may involve,
is about twenty-five hundred per cent, greater
than any risk which the Government can take
in this matter? The granting of this aid in-'
volves no liability to the Government, does
not increase the national debt, or add one cent
to the national taxation 5 but it will be the
source of vast wealth, both public and private,
and will give us a national security which we
have not hitherto enjoyed; An examination
of the British parliamentary reports will show
that the aid- asked for this enterprise is sub-
stantially the aid given by the British Govern-
ment to the colonial railroads, and which has
invariably worked well and to great profit.
The engineer estimates tiie length of actual
canal at one hundred and eighty-eight miles.
This, at $80,000 per mile, would be $15,040,-
000. At four and a half per cent, interest
it would be $676,800, a sum not very much
greater than what has been spent in surveys
and explorations alone in looking up feasible
routes for works like the one now under con-
sideration. Why, sir, did the United States
have to pay this sum every year it would be
so insignificant, when compared with the'gif
gantic results which this canal will obtain, as
not to be worthy of serious consideration.
THS CONSTITUTIONALITY 01' StTCII AID KO I-ONOBS AN
OPBN QUESTION.
Mr. Speaker, I will not undertake at this
day to discuss the constitutionality of aiding
works like 'this by the General Government.
That question has been settled long since in
th'e affirmative, and settled, too, by those who
were, many of them at least, members of the
convention which framed the Constitution, and
who were supposed to be better acquainted
with the intention of the framers of that instru-
ment than any who undertake at this time to
speak for that distinguished body of men.
Washington, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, and
a host of distinguished American statesmen,
including Mr. Calhoun, have urged the policy
and maintained it successfully. Since the year
1824 no less than thirty or more eanals have
been, in whole or in part, constructed by aid
from the General Government, some by grants
of lands and some by subscriptions of slock.
THK FEASIHILITY OF THIS ROUTK DECIDKD BY GOV-
ERNMENT SURVEY.
Neither is it necessary, Mr. Speaker, for me
to show that the route of this canal is feasible
and practicable. One of the most eminent
engineers in the service of the Government,
Major Walter Mcfc'arland, .detailed for that
especial duty, has saved me the necessity for
so doing. Major McFarland occupies in this
matter an impartial position, and I simply
refer to his report, just printed in the last
annual report of the Secretary of War, the
reading of which must inevitably result in the
removal of every doubt as to the feasibility
and practicability of the route. In connection
with this question of water lines of transport-
ation, I desire to discuss the question of
HIGH ftAILROAD FREIGHTS AND THE WAY TO REDUCE
THEM.
Perhaps no other class of men have baen
