370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
not attempted to move the colored men from
the South. The Freedineu's Bureau was or-
ganized and the policy pursued by it under
General Howard was to give to the freedmen
labor—employment. That was the idea every-
where, never to give them anything as a mere
gitt, but let it come to them as the reward of
labor.
Now, the Indians can be taught to labor,
and if you undertake to erect a separate Indian
country, and create a civilization among them
apart from our own people, where they will
' never come in contact with the whites, it can-
not succeed. VVe shall never see it succeed
in this country; we shall never see a civilized
Indian country from which white men are
excluded. This thing has been talked of for
over seventy years, and this plan of keeping
them separate in order to civilize them has
been urged again and again. All the way from
the Atlantic to the western Territories the
Indians have been told that this shall be their
permanent home; but when the whites came
up to them and surrounded them they were
moved off. In truth, the Indians have had no
permanent home. They have been consigned
to barbarism ; they have been forced to asso-
ciate with the uncivilized only; only that class
of whites who rather tend to uncivilize them
have gone among them, and, as the result,
instead of advancing, they have retrograded.
I believe that if they are with the whites they
learn the ideas of the whites.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. There are some
facts very pertinent to this argument, which
I think my friend may overlook. Take for
example the Indian territory, to which the
Cherokees, Choctaws, and Creeks were forced
or banished in 1835. What, according to the
understanding of Senators, has been the
course of that community? Did they retro-
grade or improve in the arts of civilization ?
Does not the honorable Senator know that in
1860, when the rebellion broke out, these In-
dians had, many of them, adopted the arts of
civilization bo far as to become cultivators of
the soil ? They had introduced the mechanic
arts ; they had established schools, and even
universities, and they had some of our re-
finements, though it is true they had slavery.
Now, by the law under which they were
placed there all whites were abGolutely ex-
cluded from those reservations. They were
so far beyond civilization as found among the
whites that no whites reached them except a
few, who generally went for bad purposes;
and they progressed, not by the aid of the
civilization commanicated from these whites,
but in spite of the vices which were brought
among them by these vagrants.
While that is the fact in our country, patent
to everybody who looks at it, here is another
faot: that where the Indians are brought in
contact with whites, whether in the States or
in that limbo which is beyond the border, we
have communicated the worst of our vices to
that people, and they have been degraded by
the relation, so that disease and death have
accompanied them everywhere. You have to
account for these facts in any plan or theory
of civilizing the Indians.
I have come to the conclusion that the way
to settle this question is to put all of the tribes
who are on this side of the Rocky mountains
on that Indian territory, which is more than
sufficient for all of them. Just give them a
fair trial, just give them an opportunity to
cultivate the soil and become herders, as these
other populations have, and keep the vicious
portion of our own community away from
them. The others will not go there; only bad
people go there, for they only have occasion
to go. If we keep them away, and give the
Indians an opportunity for improvement, my
jodgment is that they will show two things;
first, tbat they are susceptible of civilization,
and I think I am justified in saying so from
the history of those tribes to which I have re-
ferred ) second, that v.ery soon you will find
them self-supporting communities, and neither
be obliged to make treaties with them nor
appropriations for them.
Mr. STEWART. My friend is satisfied
that civilization can be promoted by associa-
tion with I he civilized better than by associa-
tion with the barbarous only ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The necessity
is that we surround the Indians with protec-
tion by our laws, to the end that bad men shall
not come in contact with them.
Mr. STEWART. 1 think that that has
never been attained during the sixty or sev-
enty years that have passed. The fact has
been that while you do surround them by laws,
only bad men go there, and by the regulations
of the Indians themselves, they allow those
white men who intermarry with them to come
there. I believe the fact has been that only
the very worst class of white men have gone
among them—escaped convicts, &c. Yet
these men have gone there under the Indians'
own regulations. I do not believe that civil-
ization can be advanced by contact with sav-
ages as well as by association with civilized
men. It may be true that there was a high
degree of civilization in the Indian country at
the time of the outbreak of the war of the
rebellion, but I do not think they borrowed
that from their association with the white men
who went among them. What good they did
gather from white men was derived from con-
tact with educated white men of a better class.
It was done by the education of the Indians in
our eastern schools. Many of them I have
known, who were half breeds, and who were
educated in our schools. These men were
slaveholders generally among the Indians, and
they had a species of civilization. They cul-
tivated large plantations, and I believe that
since slavery was abolished their civilization
has pretty much gone with it. The produc-
tions of that country have decreased very much.
I think it would be greatly improved if we in-
troduced some hardy western men there, I
do not believe in excluding civilized men, and
I think that by introducing civilized white men
you will promote civilization.
The Indians ought to have been allowed to
remain where they were in the early history
of the country. They should not have been
disturbed, but they should have been permitted i
to stay back in New England. There would 1
then have been by this time many civilized
men among them. Among those who were left
in New York we have seen many civilized men
of a high grade. One you made your Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs and a general in
your Army. Do you think he would have arrived
at that position or could he have acquired
the education and standing which fitted him
for such a place unless by association with
civilized white men?
Mr. CONKLlNGr. It was owing to his
coming from New York. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. It was owing to his hav-
ing staid in New York. If he had been driven
off to the Platte river among the savage In-
dians he would not have received the education
to fit him for the positions he has held. I
think every advance in civilization which the
Indians have made has been learned from the
whites. If you exclude the whites and the in-
fluence of the whites from them it certainly
will not civilize them, and on the frontier you
cannot exclude the class of bad white men that
has been spoken of. They will follow them
and find them, and the better class of white
men, the pioneers, will suffer on account of
Indians made bad by bad white men. Thus j
you will have these Indian wars as long as this
policy lasts. It seems to me that if we take
this one further step, if instead of selling their
reservations they were paid for their labor, we j
mightget along with many of the Indians much j
cheaper than now.
But, preliminary to that, we have to get rid I
of these treaties. The policy that I have
spoken of, which is pursued in Nevada, is an i
original experiment. It is the policy of giving
them something to do. Where you give them
a barrel of salt and a lot of trinkets and other
things aB mere presents, it is perfectly incon-
sistent with the idea of labor, the idea of
earning something, and thereby becoming
civilized. There is nothing can be more cer-
taiu than that every attempt to build up an
Indian country on the borders of the United
States must necessarily be a failure. The
people of the United States will not per.,,(,
any other people to exclude them froia their
borders ; to erect a separate country over
which they may not travel. It will not be
endured ; such restrictions have always broken
down; these barriers have never been long
preserved, and they always will be broken
down. While this is so—while the Indians
cannot have the country to themselves, for
that is physically impossible, fix it as you will—
I say they should not be taken from the
country where they are, but should enjoy
all the privileges of the whites situated in
their present homes ; and if there is any way
of civilizing them, every inducement should
be there held out to them. They can be
civilized—at least some of them can—if they
remain with or near the whites. If they are
huddled together, if they are pauperized by
presents, it they are fed gratuitously, and
brought under bad influences, they will not
become civilized. I admit the importance
of putting them on reservations and collect-
ing them where they are warlike. That may
be defended as an expedient for the time
being, but that is not the policy of civilization ;
it does not civilize worth a cent. On that
plan you have to feed them after getting them
together, and temporize with them, and it will
eventually produoe war again. It is only a
temporary policy, and as a method of civil-
izing friendly Indians is a failure. I think
there is no sense in herding them together.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President.,
I certainly did not introduce this amendment
for the purpose of violating our treaties with
the Indians. I do not think this amendment
will have much effect in producing war between
us and the Indian tribes; at all events I am
willing to trust that to the President; and it is
only in the event of his thinking that these
appropriations should be properly withheld,
that he is authorized to withhold them. It is
left to his discretion. Now, I do not think
any one would be of opinion that it was obliga-
tory on the President to pay out a sum of
money to maintain a blacksmith shop for a
tribe at any point, or to pay annuities to a tribe
as a tribe if they have dwindled so that they
have only a score of men, women, and children;
or to provide a teacher, if there be only half a
dozen children. It is to these cases that this
amendment is intended to apply, where there
is no propriety, from the very circumstances
of the tribe, in technically performing the
treaty; and I think that' the President, being
the guardian of these tribes, might very prop-
erly be'instrusted with that discretion.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I still
think, as I said yesterday, that the best mode
is to strike out this whole provision, and not
to amend it as the Senator from New Jersey
[Mr. Frelinghuysen] proposes. I do not
see that he has answered the argument this
morning of the Senator from Minnesota [Mr.
Windom] at all. The thing resolves itself
simply into this: if there are treaty obligations
binding us to make these provisions, and these
treaty obligations can be executed, it is our
duty to execute them, and the President
ought not to be authorized to withhold their
execution. If, on the other hand, there are
some of these provisions that cannot be exe-
cuted, as for instance where there is no bene-
ficiary of them, or whore you cannot have a
school, and there is no necessity for the teacher,
or where the Indians are gone and would have
no need of a blacksmith, the President does
not require any provision like this to guide
