1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371
him, for he cannot execute it. Its execution !
becomes impossible, and the President, of
course, would not have to execute it. No
honest Commissioner of Indian Affairs would
think of attempting to do what cannot be
done—what is impossible; so that it is not
necessary to put iu any power here author-
izing the President to withhold the execution
of treaties where they are impossible of exe-
cution. In such cases they will not be exe-
cuted, of course, whether you put it in the bill
or not.
But the amendment of the Senator from New
Jersey clothes the President with the power to
withhold the execution of treaties that can be
executed; it applies to the whole of the trea-
ties with the Indian tribes and puts it in the
discretion of the President to execute them as
he pleases. This strikes me as too broad a
discretion to vest in any man, and I think the
■whole thing should be stricken out. We are
losing sight of what this provision is. This
provision, as it now stands, is that the Pres-
ident may execute or not execute these trea-
ties, just as he pleases; aud if he does not
execute them he may take this money, amount-
ing perhaps to $1,000,000, and divert it to a
wholly different purpose. This is altogether
wrong. Therefore 1 said yesterday I would
make a motion whenever it was in order, and
which afterward the Senator from Vermont
did make, and which was received, to strike
out the whole provision.
Mr. HOWE. I rise simply to second the
suggestion of the Senator from Ohio. I do
think we cannot defend and ought not to try
to defend the proposition contained in the bill
as it came from the House, or as proposed by
the Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. President, there is one reason why we
should pay these moneys—the moneys con-
tained in your appropriations ; that is, we have
agreed to pay them; and I think that, as a
general thing, we have got a pretty fair equiv-
alent for that agreement. The Senator from
Minnesota [Mr. Windom] just now intimated
that he thought our Indian treaties had been
a fraud. I do not know exactly whether he
meant that they had been a fraud upon the
Indians or upon the American Government.
I suppose both could not have been cheated. I
do not think the Indians have been defrauded,
as a rule. I think the Indian population of
the United States have received a great deal
more money and are receiving annually a great
deal more from the Treasury of the United
States than the lands of which they have yielded
possession were worth to them. Undoubtedly,
civilization has made money by the purchase.
They have made money by the sale. I have
no manner of doubt about that. But it was a
part of the purchase that we should furnish
blacksmiths and millers and farmers and
school-teachers. We instigated those clauses
and we instigated that particular appropria-
tion of money as much for our needs as theirs.
We contemplated that they were to continue
our neighbors in some sense, and we have
all along had an idea (very awkwardly acted
upon, I admit) that they ought to be im-
proved in order to be good neighbors ; and we
have had the idea that millers and school-
teachers and farmers and things of that kind
were convenient instrumentalities for their
improvement; so in all these treaties we pro-
vided for the employment of just such instru-
mentalities.
Now it is suggested there are tribes that do
not need these things. Not one of them felt j
the need of them when the treaties were ,
made, but we wanted to employ these ageneies, !
and so we put the provisions into the treaties.
I do not know of a tribe in the United States
to-day that would not be benefited by the ex-
penditure of each one of these appropriations
if it were properly expended, if we employed
proper instruments, proper agents, proper
teachers, proper millers. Without knowing
any thing particularly about this matter, I have
had a shrewd suspicion that we built a good
many mills, and paid a good many millers who
had not any wheat to grind or any logs to saw,
and that we paid some teachers who did not
go into the streets to find children to teach,
and we employed some farmers who not only
had no farms, but who had no plows, nor even
spades. But we have not employed a teacher
where there were not children who needed to
be taught, and for whose instruction all the
angels cried to us, nor a farmer where there
was not a soil which ought to be cultivated,
and to the cultivation of which they miglit,
have addressed themselves, and might have
urged a large population about them to do so ;
nor a miller where.there ought not to have
been grain brought to be turned into flour. It
is the fault of the agencies, not because they
could not be employed, but because they did
not care to be employed, aud they were a
little too far off to be watched carefully.
I do not think we can afford to set the ex-
ample here in the national Legislature of say-
ing to the President ol the United States,
"notwithstanding we have entered into a sol-
emn stipulation that these moneys shall be
paid annually and receive the equivalent for
it, you may suspend this supreme law if in
your discretion you think it proper to suspend
it," for it is a suspension of law, or rather we
authorize him by an act of Congress to disre-
gard a treaty. My honorable friend from New
Jersey says that the President, unless he thinks
it is proper to do this thing, will not do it.
Of course he will not; but it will be done. I
think the Senator from New Jersey knows, and
I have good reason to believe it will be done
in a great many instances where the judgment
of the President is not exercised at all. His
judgment will not be exercised perhaps in any
case. It becomes a matter of administration,
and somebody else's opinion takes the place of
that of the President; it may be a clerk in
the Indian Bureau; we do not know who the
party is who really investigates the question
and makes up the deliberate opinion as to
whether it should be done or not.
I hope this amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey will not be agreed to. I trust the
proposition which was submitted by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, to strike out this section,
will be agreed to, and then we shall stand
upon the faith of our treaties as they are
to-day.
This question of the best mode of civilizing
the Indians I will not enter into the discussion
of to-day. I wish to say, however, one word
for the benefit, of my friend from Nevada. He
insists upon it that we never can civilize the
Indians as long as we keep them out of the
way of the whites. My judgment is that you
never will civilize them until you keep the
whites a good ways from them. The truth
about it is that in the neighborhood of a white
population they do come in contact and they
do imbibe a good many vices and a very few
virtues. That is the result of the observation
I have had, and all I have ever heard about
the Indians. I think, therefore, their continu-
ance in the midst of white settlements is not
a thing to be encouraged. They had better
have homes for themselves, and then, if you
want them to come in contact with civilization,
send your best specimens of civilization to
them.
Mr. STEWART. It is still strange to me
how civilization is to be advanced among the
Indians by a law absolutely excluding civilized
men. I never could understand it in theory,
and in practice it works very badly. You
have not succeeded in seventy or eighty years
in civilizing anybody by that process. The
few Indians that have been civilized have been
civilized because they were among the whites.
When you talk about sending the best speci-
mens of civilization among them, let me ask
how are you to send them and who are to
select them ? I have never seen many of the
beat specimens of humanity among the Indians
as Indian agents or Indian traders or frontier
marauders. I have seen some of the best
specimens of civilization there among the set
tiers in the country, and I have seen them
suffering from this herding together of the two
races pnd sending Indians forward out on the
territory, and keeping them there and allowing
bad men to get among them. I have seen
mutual slaughter and suffering for the last
twenty-five years owing to that cause. It has
come under my own observation.
] I do not believe that Indians will originate
a civilization of themselves. I believe they
must get it from the whites, and I think if
they are allowed to remain in the older States
they will be more likely to be under good in-
fluences than they can possibly be kept under
on the border. Most of the white men that
[ you send there go there because they want to
make money. Many of the men sent there by
the Government as agents will betray the Gov-
ernment as long as humanity remains the s-une
as it is. Your best specimens of civilization
will not go there. You will find better speci-
mens of civilization back in Pennsylvania,
New England, and New York than you will
find on the border. If the settlements are
allowed to pass the Indians, and they can see
something of civilization, have something of
example to learn civilization from, some of
them will be civilized. Putting them on the
j borders for eternal warfare means, until the
Indians are all gone, much extravagance,
much expense, much cruelty, much crime, and,
in the end, extermination.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I listened attentively to the remarks of my
friend from Wisconsin, and I confess that they
produced an impression upon me, and although
it is a very unusual thing iu the Senate tor
anybody ever to admit that hp is wrong or has
committed an error in judgment, after listen-
ing to the Senator's remarks, and seeing that
it is possible that this amendment may be
liable to the criticism of a violation of contract
on the part of the United States with the
j Indians, and that the discretion of the Presi-
I dent will not be invoked, but only the discre-
tion of some subordinate, as to whether the
appropriation can be properly withheld, those
considerations, had I not offered the amend-
ment, I think would induce me to vote against
it. Therefore 1 withdraw the amendment,
leaving it for anybody who has been con-
vinced that it is a proper one to renew it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from New Jersey withdraws his amend-
ment, and the question recurs on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand that amend-
ment was to strike out the whole clause.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To strike
out the whole proviso, from line seventeen
hundred and twenty-eight to line seventeen
hundred and thirty-six. inclusive.
Mr. CORBETT. Then I offer the following
amendment, as a substitute for the matter
stricken out. It seems to me that some pro-
vision ought to be made. I move to insert,
after line seventeen hundred and twenty-seven,
in the place of the words which have just been
stricken out, the following :
It shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to report to each session of Congress any ot tho
appropriations provided for by treaty stipulations
tnatmay be dispensed with, and recommend to what
other object or purposes, if any, such appropriation
or appropriations should be applied.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk resumed and concluded
the reading of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing of the bill being concluded, it is now open
to general amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs desire to present two or three amend-
ments. I am instructed by that committee to
offer the following amendment, which is rec-
