1873,
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL CKLOBfi.
1335
see, also, what the restrictions are which they
wish removed.
The present national bank law requires that
in the large cities each bank shall hold at all
times an amount of lawful money equal to not
less than one fourth of its circulating notes
and deposits combined; and for violating this
fundamental law of their creation a proper
penalty is imposed, to wit, the penalty of
liquidation. It is in the enforcement of these
restrictions that the public is protected. It is
these very provisions in our banking system
that lias won for it so large a share of public
confidence. And it is in compelling the banks
to conform to these provisions of the law that
they experience so much inconvenience, they
say, and which results unfavorably to them in
seasons of stringency. Now, in order to ob-
viate the sudden fluctuations in the money
market, which range from two to fifty per cent,
on call loans, as well as to prevent money
panics, which occur regularly " two or three
times a year," the remedy proposed by the
bankers is to allow the banks to be left free to
issue whatever amount of notes they find to be
required by the legitimate needs of business,
the notes to be secured, as at present, by the
deposit of bonds at Washington; these notes
to be received by the banks in periods of re-
dundancy of circulation; and also, that in
periods of pressure, the banks be allowed to
use, even to exhaustion, the reserves which
the law now requires that they shall always
keep on hand for the protection of depositors.
By these modes they pretend to say the rates
of interest would be kept comparatively even.
And in addition to these very questionable
modes of preventing stringencies and advanced
rates of discount, the banking gentlemen pro-
pose to abolish all our usury laws, thus open-
ing still wider the door for avarice and extor-
tion.
Now, if it be true that the obstruction to
navigation in winter by the present'routes is
the result of all this derangement in our
money system, or if it even contributes in a
very large degree toward producing these fluc-
tuations in exchanges, discounts, and interest,
we think we can find a safer remedy for the
existing evils than the abrogation of those
laws which are the safeguards of bill holders
and depositors, which latter class frequently
comprise widows, orphans, laborers, and the
poorer classes, who are entitled to the protec-
tion which these salutary laws now afford them.
In the completion of the Atlantic and Great
Western canal we have a sure and safe remedy
for the evils which the bankers complain of.
It will furnish to the western farmer a route to
a market which he can avail himself of at any
season of the year. He can, if he chooses,
market his grain in the early fall, or wait for
higher prices as the winter advances. In fact,
he is no longer at the mercy of the money-
holders, who force him to market his crops
when the rates for breadstuffs are low and the
rates of exchange and interest are high. By
thus furnishing an outlet at all seasons of the
year, the supply can always be made equal to
the demand, money will ebb and flow regu-
larly, and rates of interest can be kept within
just and legitimate bounds.
This certainty of marketing the crops ot
the West and South would enable the farmer to
settle with the storekeepers, the storekeepers
with the interior jobbers, and these in turn
would settle with the large commercial houses
of the seaboard. It obviates the n'ecessity for
having at one season of the year an expansion
of currency beyond that required at another.
Neither would there be any necessity for the
repeal of our present judicious usury laws;
no longer a close of navigation in winter,
but one uninterrupted season ot business the
year round. The reason for repealing or even
modifying the present safe and judicious regu-
lations iu our banking system, which protect
the bill-holders and depositors as well as in-
sures the borrower from excessive rates of
interest, could no Jonger be urged.
THE LOSS OF OUR COTTON SUPREMACY AND THE WAY
TO REGAIN IT.
For twenty-five years England has been try-
ing to break down the cotton interests and the
cotton supremacy of the United States. Her
efforts have at length been successful. First,
by the expenditure of nearly a million dollars
under the direction of the home Government,
in experiments with cotton, its culture and
improvement in India. In the next place, it
will not be controverted at this day that the
conduct of Great Britain during the late war
between the States, in allowing the Alabama,
the Shenandoah, and other privateers to escape
from hership-yards, was a premeditated scKome
on the part of that Government to prolong the
war in America, to destroy the carrying trade of
the North, to emancipate finally the slaves of
the South, to keep the cotton crops of the latter
section blockaded from the markets of the
world, in order that her great cotton industry
in British India might be stimulated and put
on a sure footing. What are the $15,500,000
of indemnity allowed the United States by the
Geneva board for the ravages of confederate
cruisers, compared to the immense advantages
reaped by England in transferring the carrying
trade of this country to her own bottoms, and
by gaining the supremacy over the United
States in the culture and exportation of cotton ?
English statesmen repeatedly said before the
war that with the downfall of slavery in the
United States, the unpaid labor system as they
termed it, England would secure the suprem-
acy in this great exporting staple. Because,
as they insisted, before the industrial arrange-
ments of the United States could be settled,
before the changes necessarily produced in
the labor system by the emancipation of the
blacks could be regulated, England would
possess the vantage ground. B'or several years
after the war labor in the cotton sections of
the South was uncertain. The negroes who
had produced four fifths of the cotton crops
were but too recently emancipated to be relied
on for making a crop which requires so much
precision, and particularity as that of cotton.
Another great trouble was the inability on the
part of the planters to pay for the labor. In
many instances they were notable to properly
stock their farms with horses, mules, andgrain
to begin a crop with. Our neighbors across
the water had calculated with unerring cer-
tainty what our condition would be, and one
of them has described it. Mr. Hugh Mason,
an Englishman, in wrinngofus, said:
" The industrial arrangements of th o United St.itps
as regards the production oi cotton are completely
out ot'joint."
A great impetus was given the growth of
cotton iu foreign countries during the wai', the
United States herself becoming a large im-
porter, as the statistics show, to wit:
18fio  $10,518,000
    8,088,000
1865::::::::::::::::::::::.:::::::: 11,772,000
And when the price rose to about one dol-
lar per pound in greenbacks, a wonderful im-
petus was given to this fiber all overthe world.
England then grasped the supremacy and still
holds it. The United States is still an im-
porter j only last year $526,000 of raw cotton
was imported. With a very large amount of
the raw material on hand, I am at a loss to
know why this is the case, unless it is that
owing to cheaper living the foreigu cultivator
of cotton is able to compete with us even in
our own markets. But England is not our
only competitor in this great article of export-
France was not idle during our late war. l ie
far-sighted emperor of the French, while he
appeared indifferent to the conflict going on
in America, was doing his utmost to push tor-
ward the growth of cotton in the French col-
onies He exempted that article entirely from
taxation in order to stimulate its growth m his
dominions. Encouraged by the success of
England, and France, other countries have
entered the field against us. Italy, Greece,,
Spain, Portugal, in all some thirty-five or forty
nationalities and colonies, are arrayed against'
us. The Sandwich Islands vie with -South
Carolina in the production of sea-island cot-
ton.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the question arises, can
we not regain the loss we have sustained, and
make cotton still a power in this Government
which will be felt on both sides of the At-
lantic? It is a power, and it sleeps to-day in
the wasted and neglected fields of the South,
which can be aroused into activity, and when
aroused will once more be crowned a king.
Even when our enemies abroad were anxious
to look upon the widespread ruin that war had
made in the South, and when they expected
to witness the complete ruin of this country by
a financial crisis which appeared imminent,
there was still in the smoking ruins of the
South a power which saved this Government
in the hour of her peril. The Secretary of the
Treasury of the United States, in his report
of 1867 and 1868, says:
" Bat for tho cotton held in that section at the
closo of tho rebellion, the foreign exchanges would
have boen so largely against the United Slates that
a commercial convulsion would have boon immi-
nent. if not unavoidable."
Cotton still continues to be our largest ex-
port staple, but it has fallen off largely since
1860-61. For instance, in those years the
percentage of American cotton iu tho London
and Liverpool markets was eighty-three per
cent, of the whole amount. In 1871-72 it
was only fifty-eight and a fourth per cent, of
the whole. A very considerable decline.
But it is useless to enumerate statistics. •
The fact stares us in the face that this country
no longer enjoys the high supremacy in the
vital question of cotton. Why is it that the
cotton planter is yearly growing poorer and
poorer, his lands falling off in value from
twenty-five to fifty per cent. ? In fact, there are
thousands of farms in the South to day that
are plastered all over with mortgages. This
state of things does not exist because of failures
in the crop, but it is because the planter-has
mortgaged his land and his cotton to supply
his laborers with corn and other supplies, for
which he has agreed to pay enormous prices.
Western corn at $1 50 per bushel, bought in
western markets at twenty cents, and western
bacon at twenty-five and thirty cents per
pound, costing in the West only three aud four
cents, are articles which he has been compelled
to supply his laborers with, and the cotton,
when sold, has not realized, in thousands of
instances, enough to pay the taxes and lift
the mortgages in order to raise another crop.
Prices like the above may have been paid when
the institution of slavery existed, but as the
labor was then owned and controlled by the
planters, and managed skillfully, they could
meet these exorbitant demands for corn and
other farm supplies.
The southern farmers oan no longer aflora
to pay the prices heretofore given for gram
from the West, and unless these old prices are
paid, western grain will not pay for itself at the
market; in other words, when it reaches a
market the value of it has been absorbed m
payment of railroad freights.
Our exports of cotton have fallen off from
the fact that the cotton planter cannot now
raise the staple as cheaply as formerly. The
cost of living, and the consequent cost of pro-
duction, will not allow the planter to undersell
the producers of cotton in other countries. If
this state of things continues cotton as an ex-
port will continue to fall off, and the balance
of trade will soon be still more largely against
us. This will require large exportations of
coin from thiscountry to Europe, and the con-
sequence will be that specie payments will
soon be numbered with the lost arts. _
The South cannot raise grain sufficient to
