372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
ommended by the Secretary of the Interior
and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs:
For this amount, or so inuch thereof as may be ne-
cessary to defray the expenses of a general council
of certain Indians in the Indian territory, as pro-
vided by the twelfth article of treaty with Chore-
ic ees of July 19.1866, the tenth article of treaty with
Cherokees of June 14, 1866. the seventh article of
treaty with Seminoles ot March 21, 1866, and the
eighth article of treaty with Choctaws and Chicka-
saws of April 28,1866, 814,000.
Mr. THURMAN. Is that amendment re-
ported from the Indian Committee?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir, and recommended
by the Secretary of the Interior. It is the
usual appropriation made for the general
council.
Mr. THURMAN. I only wanted to know
if it came from the committee.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer the following
amendment, to be added as an additional sec
tion to the bill. It is also recommended by
the Secretary of the Interior. I move to in-
sert as an additional section the following:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized to sell the bonds now held in
trust by him for the Ottawa Indians of Blatchford's
Fork and Roche de Boeuf, amounting to $21,674 48,
and apply the proceeds of the sale in the manner
prescribed by the terms of the sixteenth article of
the treaty with the Senecas and other tribes of
February 23,1867.
The amendment waa agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I am instructed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs to offer the
following amendment, to be inserted after
line fifteen hundred and thirty-nine:
For this amount to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to remove the Winnebago Indians of Wis-
consin from their present location in that State to
some suitable place to be by him selected within
the Indian territory west of the ninety-sixth degree
of west longitude, and to provide for their subsist-
ence until they are sufficiently established therein
and able to provide for themselves, $50,000.
The Winnebago Indians sometime since had
a reservation provided for them in Nebraska ;
a portion of them did not go on the reserva-
tion. Some year or two since an appropri-
ation was made of $36,000 for the purpose of
removing them to that reservation, but the
Indians upon that reservation decliued to
receive them, and upon examination the Sec-
retary of the Interior was satisfied that these
Indians now residing in Wisconsin have no
rights upon that reservation, and therefore be
feels that he cannot properly send them there
without permission of the Indians upon that
reservation. The amendment proposes an
appropriation of $50,000 for the purpose of
providing them a home in the Indian territory,
and it is recommended both by the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs and the Secretary of
the Interior.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, ifl recol-
lect rightly, when precisely this same proposi-
tion was made last year, when the Indian
appropriation bill was up, if I gathered the
facts correctly then, they were these: There
are certain Indians in the State of Wisconsin
who have lost all tribal organization what-
soever, and therefore are not entitled to be
treated as a tribe of Indians. The tribal
organization to which they belonged is now
west of the Mississippi, and these Indians do
not constitute the tribe, and are not, there-
fore, that kind of a body with whom we can
make treaties at all. They have lost their
tribal organization, and are to all intents and
purposes, in contemplation of law, so many
inhabitants, and I suppose citizens, of the
State of Wisconsin, because under your new
amendment to the Constitution all persons
born or naturalized in the United States, and
subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens
of the United States and of the State wherein
they reside. These persons, if I gathered the
facts correctly, are subject to the jurisdiction
of the United States and of the State of Wis-
consin, and are therefore citizens of that State,
declared to be so by the amendment to the
Constitution; and the fact is, as I understood
from the debate of last year, (and from that I
get all the facts, and shall be very happy to
be corrected if I am wrong,) they do not want
to leave Wisconsin at all; they are extremely
well satisfied to live in Wisconsin ; but there
are people in Wisconsin who would be very
glad to get rid of them. They are not com-
fortable neighbors, and they want to get rid of
them at the expense of the United States, and
I do not know how my friend from Connecti-
cut is going to get rid of them unless he makes
a compulsory emigration. I do not propose
that the Secretary of War or the Secretary of
the Interior shall take fifteen hundred or two or
three thousand of the citizens of Wisconsin and
forcibly transport them and send them west of
the Mississippi. I would like to have some
explanation of that.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I presume there is
nothing in the amendment which requires the
Government to compel the Indians to leave
Wisconsin.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well. Thenlshould
like to know what business we have to appro-
priate money to take away from the State of
Wisconsin these citizens of hers.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I suppose if they
are Indian citizens of Wisconsin and have a
desire to go to the Indian territory, where
other Indians are gathered and where they
can have a nation by themselves, it is perfectly
competent for the Government of the United
States to aid them in that as a means of civil-
ization, if you please.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I do not
know exactly what business we have to do with
taking away population from the State of Wis-
consin, and, without being asked by that State
to do any such thing, deprive her of her pop-
ulation. She helped very much to make these
people citizens. She was very earnest in favor
of the amendment of the Constitution which
declared that they are citizens, and she de-
nounced everybody who did not like that
amendment as being an old fogy who was
behind the age, a pro-slavery old fogy, an old
fossil of a fellow. Now, she made these
people citizens, and let her keep her citizens;
or if she wants to get them away, and they
are willing to go, let the State of Wisconsin
appropriate the money ; do not let her come
here and ask the Congress of the United
States to do it.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I thought after
a few years experience of "new departures"
there was nothing in the way of a political
theory that could surprise me, but I confess to
a new shock [laughter] the like of which I
had not experienced before. I think there is
after all, and in spite of all three of the recent
amendments to the Constitution, grave reasons
for doubting whether these wandering Winne-
bagoes are citizens of Wisconsin. Our under-
standing is that they do not claim that citizen-
ship, and so far as I know—I speak of course
subject to the correction of the Senator from
Ohio—so far as I know the opinions of the
people of Wisconsin, they do not claim them
for citizens. We understand that these wan-
derers are quite willing to go anywhere where
they can have a home, the very thing that they
have not now and are not likely to have if
they stay in Wisconsin, and my confident be-
lief is that the State of Wisconsin is quite
willing to part with them.
Now, Mr. President, the facts are very sim-
ple. This is a brand new " lost tribe." How
it happened to get astray I will not undertake
to narrate. The Senator from Connecticut
has sufficiently informed us upon that point.
There they are. They have no home in Wis-
consin, not a foot of land there, not a right
there, not even the poor right to vote there.
Au appropriation was made a year ago to pro-
vide the means of transferring them to some
place where it was supposed they had a vote.
It seems to have been ascertained by the Inte-
rior Department that at that locality they have
not a vote, that they will not be received by
their old nationality, their old tribe, and that
they must be sent somewhere else, and this is
an additional appropriation to enable the De-
partment to find some new location for them,
to start them on the way of living there ; and
the practical question is, whether we will in-
trust these beings in the hands of the Depart-
ment, or whether we will leave them in Wis-
consin, where they have not a right and can-
not get a right, to live on pillage and plunder.
It is an uncertain sort of living for them, a
precarious kind of subsistence, and not the
sort of subsistence that we would prefer to
have accorded to them in Wisconsin.
I think, upon reflection, my honorable friend
from Ohio will think the humane thing is to
take them somewhere where they can get a
home, and as I know his love for humanity far
transcends his love for the Constitution—not
doubting the quality of that at all—I think he
will give way to his humanitarian views and
"let the Constitution slide" for the present.
Mr. THURMAN. I must confess I am a
little astonished at my friend from Wiscon-
son, that he has so soon lost all reverence for
the fourteenth amendment. What says this
fourteenth amendment?
" All persons born and naturalized in the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and of the State wherein
they reside."
These words, "and subject to the jurisdic-
! tion thereof," were put in for the purpose of
! excluding Indians who maintain their tribal
organization and are a quasi foreign people,
so much so that, as decided by the Supreme
Court and in practice all the time, they are
capable of making treaties with the Govern
ment of the United States. They are not sub-
ject to the jurisdiction of the United States
within the meaning of this fourteenth amend-
ment, and therefore are not citizens of the
United States: but every one of them that is
not in a tribal organization is subject to the
jurisdiction of the United States, and is, by
force of this provision of the Constitution, a
citizen of the United States and of the State
in which he resides.
'Now let us test it for a moment. Suppose
one of these men commits a murder, will not
the courts of Wisconsin try him for it ? They
will not send him to any Indian tribe to try
him. Suppose he kills another Indian. I
know that we have laws in regard to the
Indians who do maintain a tribal organization,
that if they kill white men they may be tried
in the courts of the United States, but if they
kill Indians they are tried by their own courts.
Mr. HOWE. How is it if they kill either
whites or Indians within our jurisdiction, out-
side of Indian reservations ?
i Mr. THURMAN. If they maintain their
tribal organization, and they commit offenses
in that organization, I do not know whether
they are tryable in our courts or not. I can-
not answer the Senator's question.
Mr. HOWE. But outside of their territory
and within ours? That is the question,
j Mr. THURMAN. Then I suppose they
' stand like any other foreigner who commits a
: crime. But here is the notorious fact admit-
ted, that the tribe to which these people belong
has gone west of the Mississippi. Years ago
they went west of the Mississippi. These
people saw fit to remain, and therefore saw fit
to secede from their tribe. They became out-
j casts from their tribe. They have no longer
any rights as members of that tribal organiza-
tion. They are subject, therefore, to the juris-
! diction of the United States; and by the ex-
press provision of the Constitution they are
j citizens of the United States and of the State
of Wisconsin, in which they reside, just as
much as some few Indians who are still in the
State of Ohio, some in the State of New York,
some in the State of Pennsylvania, where the
i tribal organization has been completely broken
