1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
up and abandoned. These people have se-
ceded from their tribe. They are expatriated,
so to speak, from their tribe, and are citizens
of the United States within the meaning of the
constitutional amendment; and if they are not
allowed to vote, if they offer to vote, my friend
ought to get after the men who refuse them
with the enforcement act. I think he sup-
ported that act. He ought not to confine it
entirely to the Ku Klux and that class of peo-
ple. If there are Ku Klux in Wisconsin who
will not allow these people to vote, I pray my
friend to be after them with the enforcement
act, and punish them, and vindicate the right
of suffrage, which belongs to all the people
without distinction of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude. [Laughter.] Vindi-
cate it up in Wisconsin before you ask the
southern people to vindicate it. Before you
go upon a crusade against the southern peo-
ple, vindicate it up in the North, where the
light of fi^dom and progress and civilization
shines so resplendently, as we all know it
does in the State of Wisconsin.
When the Senator spoke of getting rid of
thieves in Wisconsin in this way I could not
help thinking, looking there at the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Conkling,] and the smile that
came over his face, that very probably he would
like Congress to appropriate money to get rid
of thieves in the city of New York, and if you
allow him to select them there would be some
of them thieves in purple and fine linen, too,
that he would be willing that Congress should
deport from the State of New York and send
somewhere else.
Although Ohio is the most moral State in
the universe, and everybody admits that, yet,
by way of contrast, just to show what sin is,
for you cannot exactly tell what virtue is un-
less you have something to contrast it with,
the Lord permits a few rascals to live in Ohio;
but whenever we want to deport them or drive
them out we will resort to our State rights,
and we will appropriate money out of the
treasury of Ohio. We will not come to Con-
gress and ask them to do it. I insist, upon it,
if Wisconsin wants to get rid of these citizens,
if she does not like them because of their
color or race, if she is going back on progress,
if she is going to become old fogy, that she
shall appropriate the money out ol' her own
pockets, and not ask us to do it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have no doubt the
Senator from Ohio is correct when he says
these Indians have separated themselves from
their tribe and have lost their tribal relation.
It is because they have lost those relations to
their tribe that they are unable to obtain a
home with the members of the tribe who are
settled on the reservation in Nebraska. They
being deprived of their tribal relation, having
no home, being wanderers and vagabonds even
in the State of Wisconsin, the question comes
up, and very properly, what is our duty in
regard to these men. Who are they, and how
is it that they have become separated from
their tribes ? By acts of Congress, by one act
after another, in consequence of which they
have failed to maintain this tribal relation; and
now, occupying this peculiar position, shall
the nation which ought to be their guardians
neglect this opportunity to provide them a
home in the Indian territory where they can
receive that care and that support which they
ought to receive?
Mr. THURMAN. Now, I ask my friend
from Connecticut after the character he has
heard of these people and after the character
he has given them himself—the Senator from
Wisconsin saying they were a set of thieves
and the Senator trom Connecticut saying they
area set of vagabonds—whether he is going to
civilize the Indians who are down on this res-
ervation by sending to them a parcel of thieves
and vagabonds?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. They may be wan-
derers and vagabonds in a certain sense. I
would not send them there because they were
thieves, but because they are in a suffering
condition and need the care which the Gov-
ernment can exercise over them.
Mr. STEWART. This amendment pre-
sents the exact question to the Senate. Here
are Indians in a civilized community out of
tribal relations, poor and friendless, where
provision is cheap, where you do not have to
pay fifty dollars a pound for transporting food
to them, and the question is, will you do any-
thing for them where they are ? No, you say,
you will make a large appropriation, and send
them among the barbarians on the frontiers.
What are you going to do with them? Herd
; them together with other Indians, and thus
i promote civilization ? It seems to me if there
1 is any humanity at the bottom of this thing
, j here is exactly the case in which we should
' take care of them where they are. Buy a farm
] for them in Wisconsin, and send a man there
to take care of it and assist them in cul-
tivating it, and let them stay there. If you
have taken away their reservation from them,
buy five hundred or one thousand acres in
; Wisconsin and send an honest man there to
cultivate it for them. Then the community
i i will see what is done ; some estimate then can
be made of the results, and the community will
generally know what is being done with the
' money. If your agent presents vouchers for
1 two or three hundred thousand dollars and that
, fact is published, the people of that neighbor-
! hood will have some idea whether the money has
been spent or not, and in what way it has been
t spent. Corn there is only a few cents a bushel
compared with whatitis out on the frontier, and
you can buy for the Indians very cheaply. It
seems to me this is just the case to take hold
of in order to test these theories about Indians.
If these are vagabond Indians and if there is
any good for them in this civilizing process,
! this is a case that will illustrate it better than
any I have ever seen. They have no tribal
relations; they are poor, friendless, unpro-
tected, and unprovided for. Provide them a
home where you can do it cheapest and best.
Mr. HOWE. Let me detain the Senate
with one or two words more, partly to correct
my friend from Ohio, and partly to correct
myself. I do not wish the honorable Senator
from Ohio to labor under the impression that
I am losing confidence in the fourteenth
amendment. On the contrary, I feel bold to
say to him that I am, as I believe, quite as
much attached to that new feature in that or-
ganic act as he is himself, and I could not be
more so, I take it. The difference between
the Senator and myself is not in the measure
of our attachment to that great innovation in
the fundamental law, but in our mode of look-
ing at it. I am a strict constructionist, and I
see for the first time that the Senator from Ohio
is rather a latitudinarian in his modes of con-
struction. I do not think that that fourteenth
article was exactly designed to make citizens
of the United States of these wandering Win-
nebagoes, and according to my strict habits of
construing constitutional law I am obliged to
say, though I do not mean to enter into a dis-
cussion of the question, I do not think it does.
I do not think, simply because these unfor-
tunate beings are just now separated from all
other tribes, that they have by that accident
been naturalized, or that they have been sub-
jected to the jurisdiction of the United States
or the jurisdiction of the State of Wisconsin in
any sense that other Indians are not.
Mr. THURMAN. They have been consti-
j tutionalized.
Mr. HOWE. Not quite constitutionalized,
I think, if I may be allowed to say so again.
But I do not mean to dwell on that.
i Now, I did remark that these poor creatures
had no regular mode of subsistence, that they
were obliged to live upon plunder. There-
upon, as I might have known had I stopped
to reflect upon my words, the sympathies of
the honorable Senator from Ohio are aroused
at once on behalf of these people to whom we ,
are likely to send these Indians. He wants to
know if they are going out as missionaries, if
we can safely rely upon them to civilize the
other Indian tribes to whom they are to be
sent. No, Mr. President, I am obliged to
confess it was not our idea that they were to
go forth in the character of missionaries. We
seek that they may leave us for our good rather
than for the good of those to whom they are
sent.
But I do not want any too unfavorable in-
ference to be drawn as to the character of these
people from the language I used. It is true
they do live by plunder. They cannot live
otherwise. They have not a foot of land to
till, they have not a tree from which they can
gather any fruit, they have not any faculty
which they can employ in the service of
others in the business of husbandry, which is a
leading business in the State of Wisconsin.
If they do live upon plunder, I think it is but
fair to say that it is because they have no
other means of livelihood in that peculiar situ-
ation, and it does not impress itself upon me
as an evidence of any striking and singular
depravity in these people. No, Mr. Presi-
dent, I am really afraid if you were to take an
equal number of people right out of the vir-
tuous population of Ohio, immaculate and
spotless as we know them to be, and as they
have been proclaimed on the floor this after-
noon, and deprive them of all faculty to work
for others, deprive them of a home to live
upon, strip them of means and strip them of
the faculty by which means are obtained, I do
not know but they would starve sooner than
steal, but I would rather get an insurance on
them to that effect before I took them for
neighbors. I am afraid some of them would
steal before they would starve; and if that
would be their case, how can you wonder that
it is the case of these poor wandering people,
who never have heard the Ohio gospel pro-
claimed in their lives.
But we think, after all, that these men are
not worse than other men if you will provide
them a home, if you will give them a soil
to live upon and which they have a right to
cultivate, and do as you do with your other
Indian people, send teachers and mission-
aries, farmers and millers among thera, and
annuities to them. Teach them how to culti-
vate the soil, teach them how to grow grain
and how to cook it, and we think they will
become as highly civilized, not as the people
of Ohio, but as the people of the Indian ter-
ritory, and do very well in time ; and I hope
the honorable Senator will conclude after all
to try this experiment with them.
Mr. THURMAN. I shall detain the Sen-
ate but a moment longer on this subject.
The Senator from Wisconsin has really very
frankly stated this case under a humorous
guise, and now let us see what it is. He says
that these people have no faculty to earn their
living. I do not know exactly what he means
by that. They have the same bones and mus-
cles that other people have who earn their
living. But he says they have no land. Will
the Senator tell me how many of thera there
are as near as he can estimate 1 Five hun-
dred?
Mr. HOWE. The figures were given here
last winter, but my recollection is that it was
a few more than five hundred. I think it was
some seven hundred.
Mr. THURMAN. Naw I put it to the
Senator whether there are not a great many
more than five hundred white people in Wis-
consin who do not own any land. It was but
a little while ago when about thirteen thousand
people owned all the land in England. Since
the passage of the act of Parliament author-
izing grants, the number of land owners has
been considerably increased, but still the great
mass of the people of Great Britain own no
land. The majority of the people even in the
new States do not own land, and certainty not
in the old States.
