374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
«/ 7
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
suggest the distinction which occurs to my
own aiiiul
Air. I'll HUMAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. It is this: while there are a
great mauy more than tive or fifteen hundred
people iu Wisconsin who do not own land,
those who do not, have the ability to be em
ployed by others, some with spades, some with
.-hovels, some to to hold the plow; some can
drive oxen ; some can ride horses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Some Indians can ride
horses, too.
Mr. HOWE. Yes; some Indians can ride
horses. I admit.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, and they can all
ho'.d a plow, if they want to do it ; and I am
certain the people of Wisconsin are willing to
give them employment if they will take it, aud
it they will not work in Wisconsin where peo
pie will give them employment, they will not
work out in the Indian territory. So that
all the argument of the Senator from Wis-
consin comes to this; that we shall deport
tive or six hundred citizens of Wisconsin,
because they are inconvenient inhabitants
there, and live by plunder and the like, and
send them out to the Indian territory and sup-
port them because they will not work.
I'he PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut.
Mr. COLE. In opposing this amendment,
which I do, it is quite proper that I should
give a few of the reasons I have for so doing.
Tuese Indians, it would seem from the pro-
visions we have been making for them from
year to year for a long series of years, are
pretty well off. The first paragraph in this
b11 i which relates to the Winnebagoes is in
these words:
For interest on $SS6,909 17. at five per cent, per
annum, per fourth article treaty of November 1,
I-.;:, and jniui resolution of July 17,1862,139,345 46.
The next paragraph shows an appropriation
of 3ti, the interest on $75,387 28. The
next paragraph after that shows that they are
receiving interest on $7b,o40 41, all of which
money it is presumed belongs to them, and if
they need assistance to be moved to the
Indian territory 1 should think that they had
the means themselves to make the removal.
Mr. HOWE. Does my friend understand
that there is not a dollar of that that goes to
these people?
Mr. COLE. Certainly it does.
Mr. HOWE. Not a dollar of it.
Mr. COLE. This amendment is for the
ber etit of the Winnebagoes, and it is for the
Winnebagoes that these appropriations are
made. What Winnebagoes are these ?
Mr. CONKLING. These people are severed
from the Winnebagoes and have nothing to do
with them.
Mr. COLE. There has within a short time
past been a good deal of discussion about the
fact as to whether there were any such Indians
as the Tetons, and considerable discussion as
to the identity of the tribe known as the Tetons,
a branch of the Sioux nation. I do not know
how we are to separate one branch of the
Winnebagoes from another branch of the Win
nebagoes. Our treaties are made with the
Winnebago Indians, and any of that class,
whether they may for the time being reside in
Wisconsin or Minnesota, or wherever they may
reside, are presumed to be part of the bene
ticiaries of the donations made under the
treaty. If that be the case, these Indians are
certainly well provided with the means to
effect their own change of location, if it is
desired that they shall make a change of their
place of residence.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, I will explain how that is.
One object of making treaties with Indians
heretofore has been to get rid of them, as the
honorable Senator from Ohio has explained,
go t! at these treaties nearly all contain a clause
requiring them to he moved to a definite place, |
requiring their annuities to he paid to them oil j
that reservation; so that under the provisions
of the treaty payments could not be made the
Winnebagoes residing in Wisconsin where
they have agreed to remove to a reservation in
another State or Territory, and to receive their
annuity goods and moneys on that reservation.
It would require a chauge of treaty before the
Department would be authorized to pay a dol-
lar of this money to Winnebagoes residing
elsewhere. It turns out, in fact, that some
hundreds of these Indians have refused to re-
move ; they are remaining back in the State
of Wisconsin. Now, the simple question is
presented whetherthe Congress of the United
States will provide means for taking them to
some place where they cau acquire a home.
Mr. COLE. Then I understand that if these
Indians do not receive the benefit of the pro-
visions of the treaty it is because they will not
go upon the reservation as they are required
to do. Is that the case?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly that is the case.
If they were to remove to their reservation and
again identify themselves with their tribe they
would be entitled to a pro rata proportion of
all these appropriations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. These Indians are sepa-
rated from the tribe?
Mr. HARLAN. They remained behind.
Mr. COLE. Now, we seem to have an arm
of the Government which is sufficient to carry
out the purpose of the Government in regard
to refractory Indians of this character. I read
iu the papers that there is an Indian war going
on now in the southern part of Oregon and
northern part of California with the Modoc In-
dians, whom it was desired to remove upon an
Indian reservation close by where they were
stopping, and an order to that effect was issued
by the Indiau department, and they refused
to go. The military arm of the Government
was called upon to compel them to go upon
the reservation, and hence the difficulty there.
We have but a small force under arms in the
United States, but I presume enough to com-
pel these Indians to go on the reservation that
is provided for them, the same aa isnow being
attempted toward the Modocs.
I call the attention of the Senate to a pro-
vision of the appropriation of last year which
is but partly executed. We have but just en-
tered on the last half of the fiscal year for
which a provision has been made of this char-
acter ;
"For this amount, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, at such
times and in such sums as he shall deem expedient
and necessary for the benefit of the Winnebago
tribe of Indians, in improving their lands, purchas-
ing stock, and agricultural implements, erecting
houses, providingschools, and in any other way pro-
moting their civilization and comfort, the said
amoun tto be taken from the sum in the Treasury of
the United States belonging to said tribe, $lu0,000."
That is subject to order now, and it is pre-
sumable it is being expended for the purposes
named in the law, for the purpose of estab-
lishing them upon their farms and assisting
them to improve them, and it is sufficient and '
adequate certainly for the accommodation and 1
convenience of these Indians, who, I believe ,
with my friend from Ohio, are no better than
white men, and that we would be more justifiable
in making these liberal donations for the benefit
of our own race, I being among those who be-
lieve.that Indians can not only ride, but work,
and ought to do so.
But 1 have not read all the appropriations
made for these Winnebago Indians last year.
In the paragraph following there is an appro-
priation of $10,071 84 for the minor children
of Sophia Foyles. I think that, however,
relates to only a portion of the tribe, who
are designated by it in part by name. The
other large appropriations that I refer to as in
this bill are hut repetitions of the appropria-
tions in that bill, f hey have been made from
year to year. These Indians ought to be sat-
isfied with the provision that is made for them ;
and if they are so refractory and unreasonable
and such vagabonds that they will not go upon
the reservation, let us use a little military
force, as is being done in another part of the
United States. I say that this appropriation
is not called for, in my judgment, and I hope
it will not be made.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It is a matter of
surprise to me that the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs and the Secretary of the Interior
should have in their hands money appropriated
by Congress for the purpose of caring for and
removing these Indians, and yet should come
here and recommend, and place it on the
ground of necessity, such an appropriation as
this. I do not see how the two things can be
consistent.
Mr. COLE. Well, Mr. President, almost
any sort of a recommendation can be obtained
from one head of a Department or another,
because they make the recommendations upon
representations that are made to t^em by ' hoir
subordinates away off in a territory s> ue-
where, and like sources. They are just as liuely
to be imposed upon as the Senate of the
United States.
Mr. HARLAN. I know the honorable Sen-
ator intends to be right and to do right; but
I think he errs in his facts. We make appro-
priations to pay the interest due the Cherokees,
for example, a body of Indians, who, at
their homes in the Indian territory, number
perhaps thirteen thousand. There are about
three thousand Cherokees still in North Caro-
lina. Not one dollar of the appropriations
made for the Cherokees is paid to those that
have remained behind in North Carolina,
because the provisions of the treaty required
them to remove, not that they desired to
remove originally. They were very largely
coerced to comply with that provision of tue
treaty. Some two or three thousand of them
hid away in the mountains, evading the officers
of the United States and the soldiers that
aided in their removal, and their descendants
are still there. If the honorable Senator from
California will examine the appropriations, lie
will find that appropriations have been made
regularly every year for the Cherokee Indians,
no part of which has been paid to those who
are remaining now on or near their old homes.
There are two obstacles in the way: the Gov-
ernment would not feel inclined to violate the
provisions of the treaty; and secondly, the
Cherokees who have complied with the pro-
visions of the treaty refuse to accede to any
payment to those who have not complied.
This condition of things is true in relation
to these Winnebagoes. The treaty required
them to remove. The body of the tribe has
removed. They claim they are entitled to the
appropriations that are made under provisions
of that treaty. I suppose there are pergonal
reasons why they resist the emigration of these
Indians to that reservation at this time. It is
probable they would not be a desirable addi-
tion lo their community. Those that have
removed have advanced, in all human pro-
bability, in education and civilization, and a
vagabond Indian would be as distasteful to a
civilized Indian as to a civilized white man.
They conceive that it would be a positive detri-
ment to them to permit these Winnebagoes of
Wisconsin to unite with them at present.
But that question all aside, how are they to
move from Wisconsin to Nebraska? The hon-
orable Senator talks on that subject as if an
Indian could live on the wind when on a jour-
ney. How would white men move from Wis-
consin to Nebraska if they were penniless?
How would they provide for themselves and
their women and children on the journey ?
But, sir, this whole question was settled I
suppose, as far as it could be settled, by the
appropriation made last year. The question
was then discussed by the Senate and the
House, and an appropriation was made to
defray the expenses of their removal and aid
in their support during the first year ; but it
