1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
turns out that they are unwilling to go to
Nebraska because they have learned that
their brethren in Nebraska are unwilling to
receive them. Both parties resist the union.
Now, what is to be done? The propriety of
removal has been settled, if anything can be
settled by a law, by the enactment of last year ;
but the difficulty has not been overcome of the
objection of the Iudiana of W iscou^in to go
to Nebraska and the objection of the Indians
in Nebraska to receive them. The Department
propose to solve the difficulty by assigning
them some lands in the control of the United
States for such purposes in the western part
of the Indian territory. It is a question
whether you will allow the Department, to do
this year what you required them to do sub-
stantially last year.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. I understand the Sen-
ator to say that we provided last year for their
removal, and that provision has been executed
because they were unwilling to go 
Mr. HARLAN. So I understand.
Mr. THURMAN. And their tribe is uu- !
willing to receive them. Does the Senator
mean to force them at the point of the bayonet
to go?
Mr. HARLAN. No, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. Then how are they to go ?
Mr. HARLAN. If that is the honorable Sen
ator's objection to the amendment, let htm put
in a clause requiring the concurrence or con-
sent of these Indians. The question of the
propriety of the removal has been settled by
Congress. The difficulty can be overcome in
the way suggested by the Department, by
assigning them to other lands elsewhere. That
will not cost the Government a cent. They
are lands that have been ceded to the United
States by the Indians now residing on them
for homes for other Indians. The Cherokees
and Creeks have made treaties with the United
States, in which they have ceded to the United
States large bodies of land for homes for other
Indians. The Department propose that yon
shall change the law so as to enable them to
assign to these Winnebagoes of Wisconsin a
portion of the lands that we are now holding
for this specific purpose. If Congress erred
last year in providing for the removal, that is
another question. I suppose they acted under-
Btandingly and wisely, and if so, this is a simple
change, for it amounts to nothing but a change
of the location of the Indians, placing them
where they can live at peace instead of forcing
them upon their brethren who do not want
them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment by adding at the end of it a pro-
viso in these words:
Provided, That no Indian  hall be removed under
the authority hereby given without his consent.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to
that. I think it would be a wise and prudent
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think these people,
according to the Constitution, as they are
described to us are citizens of the State of
Wisconsin, and inasmuch as the people in my
State are a little notional on the subject of
removing the people of a State against their
will, I think the same rule ought to apply in
Wisconsin.
Mr. COLE. I should like to ask my friend
if the same rule does not apply to the Modocs
in Oregon?
Mr. ED.MUNDS. I do not say it does not.
I am speaking of these Wiunebagoes now.
Mr. COLE. But there, as I observe in
the papers, and as I have it from authority,
as I am informed from the Governor • t my
State, a difficulty is going on now on account
of the attempt of the military to force ti.o.-e
Indians on a reservation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it a good renaou for
making war on citizens of Wisconsin because
wrongs and injuries are being committed in
Oregon ?
Mr. COLE. What is good in one case is
good in another, I apprehend.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us do good in this
case, and take care of others as they come up.
Mr. COLE. I think it is a good rule in
Oregon, and I think it would be a good rule
m this case.
While I have the floor I desire the attention
of the Senate for a moment to one point. I
nsk the Clerk to read section sixot the appro-
priation bill of last year, which relates to this
same subject, so that we inay know exactly
what we are about.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" Sec. 6. That the Secretary of the Interior be, and
he hereby is, authorized to expend, tor the removal
of the Winnebago Indians in Wisconsin, from their
present homes in that State to the Winnebago res-
ervation in Nebraska, or to such other location as
may be selected tor them, and tor their subsistence
during such removal, and attheirnewhomes, thesutn
of ®3G,OUO, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
appropriated by aet of July 15, 1870, for the removal
ot stray bands of Pottawatomies and Winnebagoes
from Wisconsin to the tribes to which they respect-
ively belong."
I Mr. COLE. There is a provision made for
their removal to Nebraska or to some other
place, without naming it at all. I do not
| think that, the position taken by my friend,
i the chairman of the Committee on Indian
I Affairs, that they were authorized to remove
I to the Indian territory last year is very well
\ grounded. I think the inteution was to re-
' move them to some place in Nebraska.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
understood me to say that that was in the bill
of last year, either I erred or he misunder-
stood me.
Mr. COLE. I understood the Senator to
say that we had committed ourselves last year
to the removal of these Indians as now pro-
posed.
Mr. HARLAN. What I intended to say
was that we committed ourselves on the ques-
tion of the propriety of their removal from
Wisconsin, and it was merely a question of
locality where they were to be placed. We
provided last year, or the year before, for
their relocation in Nebraska. That turns out
to be impracticable, and this amendment
merely changes the location, or fixes it in the
Indian territory in place of Nebraska.
1 Mr. COLE. If it is impracticable to move
them to so short a distance as Nebraska I am
sure it is more likely to prove impracticable to
« remove them so far as the Indian territory.
They living in a northern latitude, would be
much more reluctant to go very far south than
to a placc in their own latitude.
!: Mr. HARLAN. That may be; but with
, the amendment proposed by the honorable
jj Senator from Vermont that difficulty will be
ij overcome.
J Mr. COLE. We see that there was at least
an appropriation made last year for gathering
j up these very Indians, and a liberal appropri-
[ ation in my judgement, and if that has been
' expended we ought to know in what manner
! it has been expended, and if it has not been
it will bo grtod for the balance of this year, for
six months yet, and 1 think that ought to
suffice for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Vermont.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Connecticut as amended.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to hear it
reported as it now stands.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment as
amended, as follows :
For this amount, to enab! e the Secretary of the
Interior to remove the Wnmehjgo Indians of Wis-
consin from their i>re?eut location in that State to
some suitable placs, to be by him selected within
the Indian territory west of the ninety-sixth degree
of west longitude, and to provide for their subsist-
ence until they are sufficient ly established therein,
and are able to provide for themselves, 850,000.
Provided, That no Indian shall be removed under
the authority hereby given without his consent.
The question being put on the amendment
as amended, there were—ayes seventeen.
Mr. COLE. I should like to have the yeas
and nays, as otherwise there may be no
quorum.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not intend to say
anything about Indian affairs, because I have
discussed them often before, and my opinions
are sufficiently well known to the Senate, if
they will remember so long back; but I will
not in any case vote for the transfer of the
remnant of a semi-civilized tribe from its home
in a civilized community to any reservation in
the western country. I have voted against
similar appropriations now for several years,
and I intend to do so in the future.
The history and character of these Winne-
bagoes are unknown to me, but we have simi-
lar tribes under similarcircumstances in nearly
all the western States. The last tribe that left
the State of Ohio was the Wyandotts, who
had become an intelligent, well-educated,
moral, and religious people, enjoying a reason-
able degree of prosperity in that State. Their
reservation was marked off by metes and
bounds, surrounded and protected by law. By
the movement of settlers who desired their
lands they were gradually compelled by a kind
of coercion to consent to transfer their title in
the Wyandott reservation and to go West,
and were located in Kansas, and they finally
became extinct. I believe the Wyandotf,
tribe, the most powerful in all the western
States, is now practically extinct. I do not
know whether there is still an appropriation
for them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The appropriation is
never extinct.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know but the
appropriation has disappeared. Now, we
have heard a great deal of talk about an In-
dian policy, and I am disposed to regard that
Indian policy as a good one; but what is that
policy? It is to gather these tribes on the
western plains into reservations set apart for
them and protected by law. They have been
gathered into the Cherokee country, in the
Creek country, and I am willing to vote for
reasonable appropriations to gather all these
tribal organizations on the western plains, in
far off settlements, or in territories, into this
Indian territory or reservation, or if that is
not sufficient, to gather them into reservafio is
further north, approaching settlements where
they can be gradually civilized and improved
and adapted to the habits of our civilization.
But, sir, as sure as fate the removal of any
tribe now organized in any State or in any
civilized community in a State so prosperous
as - the State of Wisconsin, to any Indian
country in the West is to destroy them, to
annihilate them, to extirpate them. That has
been the history of all the tribes that have
been moved. The change as I supposed in
ihe Indian policy was the abandonment of this
habit of taking tribes partly civilized in civ-
ilized communities and transferring them to
the wilderness. They are almost always dis-
couraged and disheartened by it. The habits
that they have adopted in the midst of a com-
munity where they enjoyed to some _ extent
the advantages of religion and education and
the surroundings of civilized life are lost.
They are discouraged and disheartened when
compelled to move out in the wilderness and
start homes again. They have not the force r
of character, the individualism, the power;
of our white emigrants who go West and
build homes for themselves, and whenever
they are sent by tribal organization into a
western community or into a new country
and compelled again to commence this pro-
cess of civilization, they are almost always
extirpated.
