376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
There is no reason in the world why Indians
now living in Wisconsin, especially if they
have homes and lands reserved to them,
should even be induced to go to the western
country in order to seek new homes. It is a
barbarious act on the part of the white people
who desire to seize their lands and send them
West. What I say will probably be a reproach
to the people of the western States, of Ohio
as well as other States ; but, sir, this disposi-
tion to force Indians having a reservation in
any of the old States to go West results sim-
ply from greed of gain, the desire of the white
people to seize their land without regard to
their civilization or improvement.
I do not know the circumstances by which
these Winnebagoes are surrounded, whether
they have any reservation or not.
Mr. HOWE. They have not.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator says they
have not. They usually have some reserva-
tion in the States, but to require them to sur-
render it, to surrender the semi-civilized hab-
its they have adopted and go far west into the
Cherokee country, it seems to me is bad pol-
icy. The Senator from California says they
have now a reservation in Wisconsin.
Mr. HOWE. They have not.
Mr. COLE. Then the law is based on an
error, for it says, "from their present home
in that State to the Winnebago reservation in
Ncbrftskft "
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. There is a reserva-
tion in Nebraska occupied by a portion of the
Winnebagoes. Those Indians assert that the
Winnebagoes in Wisconsin have no right to
that reservation. That position is recognized
by the Secretary of the Interior and the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, and it is because
they had no rights there, because the Indians
in Nebraska refused to accept them or to
receive them as brethren, that the appropri-
ation that we made last year was made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator
from Connecticut—for I do not know about
this tribe—whether they have a reservation in
Wisconsin?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. None at all, as I
understand.
Mr. SHERMAN. How have they been
deprived of it ?
Mj. BUCKINGHAM. I cannot say, be-
cause I am not familiar with the treaty, but
my impression is because they did not accept
the treaty when those who maintained their
tribal relations went West and took possession,
and did not go with them. I do not know that
this is true for certain.
Mr. SHERMAN. In either event, if they
abandoned their tribal organization and re-
mained as a matter of choice, and would not
be forced, as was the usual policy of the Gov-
ernment then to force them West, they ought
to be left to their choice. If they are now in
the State of Wisconsin they are infinitely bet-
ter off, even degraded as they may be tempo-
rarily by their associations, tban they would
be if forced without tribal organization or
any advantages to go to a new country. The
idea of establishing five hundred people in
homes for the amount of $50,000 is simply
absurd. Yon may expend these $50,000 to
drag these Winnebagoes from their homes;
you may obtain their consent; you may obtain ■
the consent of their chiefs ; you may get them
finally from Wisconsin or Nebraska into the
far Indian territory; but there they will be
paupers forever, and will eventually be extir-
pated. It is no charity, it is no Christianity
to expel these Indians from a community
where they have chosen to remain, even to
the abandonment of their legal rights, into a
new territory.
This proposition does not come from the
Indian tribe; it does not come from the In-
dians. It either comes from those who desire
to possess their lands, or, if they have no
lands, who desire to force them out beyond
their power and beyond the. necessity of their
extending relief to them. It is not an act of
humanity, it is not an act of charity, to expel
an Indian tribe or Indians, whether they have
a tribal organization or not, from their homes,
poor as they may be, in any of the older States
to the West. And, sir, there has been in the
whole policy of the white people toward the
Indians a degree of barbarism that is only
equaled by the natural barbarity of the Indian
tribes. I speak it with all humility, because I
was reared in a community where Indians had
lived and where they had reservations, and I
know the spirit with which the best of white
people, Christianized, civilized white people,
regard Indians. They desire to expel them
and force them out, and I have no doubt the
Senator from Wisconsin only represents the
natural feeling, the common feeling of the
people of Wisconsin who desire to drive out
these remnants from Wisconsin far off into the
West, where they will be paupers to be fed by
the bounties of the Government. I do not
think it is wise for us representing the whole
people of the United States to carry this
thing further. If they are willing to go, if
they are anxious to go, let them go ; there is
nothing to prevent them. But to force them,
or to gain their consent to carry them out into
the western country, to appropriate $50,000
to establish five hundred Indians there, it
seems to me is not an act of charity or an act
of humanity.
Let me say another thing to the Senator
from Wisconsin, if I do not trespass too long.
The appropriations made in this bill in pro-
portion to the number of Indians are amazing.
The highest estimate put on the Indian tribes
is now two hundred and fiftv or three hundred
thousand. They have not varied much for
the last thirty years. I believe now you may
put the Indians who get the benefit of this
bill at two hundred and fifty thousand. This
bill contains appropriations of $5,500,000, or
for the civil support of Indians about twenty-
two dollars per head, equivalent, if the same
amount was required for the support of white
people in this country, to an appropriation of
$880,000,000 per annum for the civil Govern-
ment of the people of the United States.
And then when you remember that probably
fully one half of all the expenses of the Army
are made to maintain our relations with the
Indians, to keep them in subjection, to keep
them on reservations, in some way growing
out of Indian affairs, it will show that $18,000,-
000 more is applied through the Army in some
way to regulate and govern the Indians.
It is not wise under these circumstances,
and when you have Indians within a civilized
community, when they are gathered there,
even if they are paupers and degradf d, to ex-
pel them again out on the border, w here they
must be again more uncivilized than now,
where again the military authorities may be
called upon to suppress them. Sir, it is a
great deal better to have these tribes grad-
ually absorbed by the communities in which
they live, gradually expire, as they will in due
course of time, I have no doubt, Dy a will
higher than human will. Let the western
tribes that now give us trouble and cause the
great expense of the Army be gathered to-
gether, if you please, in reservations ; let them
be brought back again to semi-civilized life in
the Cherokee and Creek country ; but do not
expel those who are here among us, who are
in an advanced stage of semi-civilization, to
the western border. You some time or other
will have to negotiate again with them; you
will have to pay the Army for killing them,
and_ that has been the course of our whole
Indian policy. It would have been far bet-
ter for the country if the policy had been pur-
sued that was adopted by Penn, about two
hundred years ago, of getting along the best
way possible with Indians, treating them
kindly, absorbing them in the population,
letting them expire, letting them be treated
as the New York Indians have been treated.
There are now tribal organizations in the
State of New York that have existed more
than a hundred years. They are not a very
useful population, but they are not a lawless
population by any means. They are a quiet,
orderly people. If that had been the policy
always pursued by the whites we would not
have any troubles now, and our expenditures,
instead of being five or six million dollars,
would not be $1,000,000.
When I first became a member of the House
of Representatives the appropriation for the
support of Indian tribes—and there were
more Indians then than there are now, or
probably about the same number, according
to the authorities we have—was only about
$1,000,000 all told. It rose up until in 1860,
I believe it was, it approached $2,000,000,
and created a cry of alarm that the Indian
service was getting too expensive. I remem-
ber the feeling in the House of Representa-
tives at that time, the disposition to cut off the
power of the Senate, to prevent these unrea-
sonable treaties and to reduce the expenses
for the Indian service. And now last year
the appropriations went up to $7,000,000, I
believe. There were no more Indians ; there
was no reason for it except that we were con-
tinually forcing the Indians we had partly civ-
ilized, that we had fed and supported and
educated and Christianized, as soon as the
white men wanted their reservations, or as
soon as they became troublesome to their
neighbors, into the plains, to be conquered or
fed again.
I do not know the particulars in regard to
this Winnebago tribe. I would not have said
one word in regard to this amendment but
for the fact that the vote is to be had by yeas
and nays. But I say I will not in any case
vote to expel any portion of the Indians who
have been included in our civilization in any of
the States further west to seek a new home,
where we may again be called upon to conquer
them, to subdue them, to feed them, or to
pauperize them. Those that are on the west-
ern plains, where they may obstruct the pro-
gress of our civilization, where they may pre-
vent the opening of railroads and other means
of communication, I am perfectly willing to
gather into reservations suitable and con-
venient, according to what is called the Indian
policy of the President; to Christianize them,
and make them farmers and mechanics, and
make them mingle, so far as it is possible for
them to do so, in our civilization and Chris-
tianization.
Mr. HOWE. I am extremely sorry to
trouble the Senate with another word on this
subject, and for two reasons: first, 1 have
already occupied more time than I ought; and
secondly, it does seem to me that it is but very
little use for me to occupy any time at all. I
would feel some satisfaction in saying things
if they were either heard or believed; but
uttering a thing once seems only making an
occasion for repeating it.
I have really been surprised at the remarks
of the honorable Senator from Ohio who has
just taken his seat. He rises here, with a
great deal of earnestness and solemnity, to
protest against this driving Indians continu-
ally from their homes. There is no question
of that sort involved here, or I am mistaken.
It is because these Indians have no homes that
this appropriation is asked for. It is to get
them a home that the appropriation is asked
for. Over and over again it has been said by
myself and by others that in Wisconsin these
people have no homes and no possibility of
getting a home unless you take money out
of the Treasury and buy one for them there.
That you can do. You can take this money,
if you will appropriate it, and secure a home,
a reservation for them, in the State of Wis-
consin. I would not like to have that done.
The Senator pays me the compliment to
assume that I am representing tbe natural feel-
ing of the people of Wisconsin in the course I
