1340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
put a murmur, but he will bless the Goverii-
meiifc which shows a proper fostering care of
th§ nation's great primary industrys .
, This advantage will not be single to the pro-
ducer. Every dollar saved in transportation
glares directly to the benefit of the producer
West and the consumer E&st, Alike advan-
tageis secured in the sayingof ieoat 0/ trans-
porting the articles of eastern cortiiaeree which
we ta Mrn consume. Besides^ those eastern
cities andStates engaged so largely in trade
and manufacture will reap their share'of the
benefit. By opening a better market and thus
increasing the prosperity and, Wfealth of the
West, you enable her to buy more largely and
j)ay more promptly forte merchandise, manu-
factures, and other commodities of your pro-
duction, and thus responsivety enhancing yout
prosperity. This broad; comprehensive view
of the mutuality of the benefits to be derived
prompted a distinguished gentleman from the
city of New York in the Thirty-Ninth Congress
(Hon. W. Ei Dodge) to sum up in a single
sentence his reasons for cordially supporting
a bill for this object in opposition to some of
his colleagues; "I shall cheerfully vote for
the bill, believing that the prosperity of the
country is the prosperity of the eity and State
of New York."
I believe, sir, that the three great wheels
upon which a nation's prosperity is rolled for-
ward, agriculture, manufactures, and com-
merce, are united and inseparable in their
successful action. Give either one an undue
advantage over the others, cause either one to
langnisk, and a deleterious effect is inevitably
produced, upon the general advancement of
the whole. The ability to maintain the equi-
moveittent of all these great interests is there-
fore, in my judgment, the acme of statesman-
ship.
The importance of maintaining this greatest
inland thoroughfare of commerce within our
own borders, rather than within the teritorial
limits of the provinces of a rival nation, as
also the importance of this improvement in a
military point of view, have been so many
times presented to the House and to the coun-
try that I forbear to remark upon them to-day.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, in my judgment
the prosperity of the West, the value of its
property, the extent of its area to be culti-
vated', in short, the material interests of the
country, hinge upon increasing the facilities
and cheapening the conveyance of our vast
products to eastern and foreign markets.
Respond favorably to these many petitions
and memorials and inaugurate this much-
needed improvement, already too long de-
layed. Complete it at the earliest practicable
day, and if it shall accomplish but one half
the results claimed for it by those who have
studied it intently, the continued prosperity
of the great West is thereby assured.
The bill reported by the committee amounts
simply to a farther postponement of the sub-
ject-matter referred to it. I hope it will be
voted down and that Congress will not ad-
journ without favorable action upon the
Niagara ship-canal bill.
Mr. CONGER. I now yield ten minutes
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson.]
Mr. STEVENSON. In accordance with
the views of my constituents, aud of the com-
mercial element of the people of the United
States, so far as I know their opinions, I sup-
port the bill providing for a board of com-
missioners of commerce which shall without
changing the laws of the land, or affecting
them in the least-, or exercising any arbitrary
authority whatever, give steady, intelligent,
consistent, and continuous attention to the
interests of domestic and foreign commerce.
That is what we lack and have long wanted,
what the interests of commerce require. We
have not here at the national capital any
recognized authority upon the subject. The
whole broad field is left to the intermittent,
impulsive, irregular,-eccentric action of Con-
gress, which sits under pressure of public busi-
ness during the winter .and spring, controlled
mainly by partisan impulses, and then adjourns
and goes about the individual affairs, amuse-
ment, and ambition of its members during the
summer and fall, to assemble again in,the win-
ter little better prepared for public duties than
before. Let us at least provide for informing
ourselves and our successor^ upon this great
subject, only second in national importance.
It is objected by those who indulge a chronic
opposition to everything looking to national
action that this measure tends to "centraliza-
tion." Well, Sir, is it not high time that our
thought and policy on commercial questions
shall find some intelligent center, some con-
sistency and Coherency ? Shall 'we continue
forfever in our present nebulous condition?
Much that we hear of " centralization " is chi-
merical, and the continual undiscriminating
Outcry, does more harm than good. We are a
nation, with national interests which we cannot
disregard, and national responsibility which
we cannot evade. Let us not seek to escape
them by rushing blindly back into the war-
wasted wilds of "State sovereignty," but
accept them, and, rising to the height of states-
manship which they demand, endeavor to
perform our duties to the people we represent.
Among these duties none are more important
than that of providing facilities for cheap com-
munication between the interior and the sea-
board ; and this can best be done by opening
water-lines between the rivers and the sea.
The President in his last annual message calls
attention to this question, and says :
"The attention of Congress will be called during
Us present session to various enterprises for the more
certain and cheaper transportation of theconstantly
increasing surplus of western aud southern pro-
ducts to the Atlantic seaboard. The subject is one
that will force itself upon the legislative branch of
the Gcrvernmeutsooner or later, and I suggest, there-
fore, that immediate steps be taken to gain all avail-
able information to insure equable and just legisla-
tion.
That production increases more rapidly than the
means of transportation in our country has been
demonstrated by past experience. That the unpre-
cedented growth in population and products of the
whole country will require additional facilities and
cheaper ones for the moro bulky articles of commerce
to reach tidewater and a market will be demanded
in the near future, is equally demonstrable. I would
therefore suggest either a committee or a commis-
sion to be authorized to consider this whole question
and to report to Congress at some future day for its
better guidance in legislating on this important
subject."
The President speaks here, as he always
does, in moderation. It would be difficult to
exaggerate the necessity or the urgency of the
popular demand for water-ways ; and however
combined capital interested in monopolies
may have covered up the truth, it is not hid-
den from intelligent men, and the people have
not lost sight of it. The fact is well known,
and will not be forgotten, that our lakes
and rivers, canals and coast lines bear, and
must ever bear, the chief burden of our com-
merce.
The Erie canal alone employs a tonnage of
over one million tons, and carries in its sea-
son more freight than all the rival railways.
The Ohio river floats a commerce almost
equal to our foreign trade; and transporta-
tion by water cost^ but a fraction of that by
rail, the cost by water per ton per mile being
from one and a half to five mills, and that by
rail fifteen mills. This advantage of cheap-
ness must rather increase than diminish, as
the prices of material and labor advance,
so that water must continue to be the chief
and most advantageous medium of commerce.
It seems impossible to provide sufficient rail-
ways for the transfer of heavy freight. Pro-
duction increases more rapidly than the means
of transportation can be provided; but if it
were possible to build roads as rapidly as they
are needed, and if they could be built, main-
tained, and run so as to carry freight as
cheaply as water routes, yet the necessity for
water-ways would remain to secure competi-
tion and counteract the tendency of railroad
management to combine in monopolies.
We may legislate to check this tendency,
and possibly by proper measures it might be
restrained; but after What a straggle with
capital atid intrenched power, political and
social, no man can tell. The wiser method is
to prevent monopoly, not by the harsh methods
of prohibitory legislation, but by using the
natural counterforCe of competition. By the
proper application of this remedy monopolies
can be abolished "as easily as water runs
down hill." If we had now in full operation
the great water lines suggested by the geog-
raphy of the Country, and contemplated by
the President and the Committee on Com-
merce, think you that millions of people would
be suffering for bread on the seashore and in
Europe, while in the West corn is consumed
as fuel ?
Among the lines proposed, all of which are
in my judgment worthy of attention, the most
important is the great central line projected
and in part constructed through West Virginia
and Virginia, to connect the waters of the
Mississippi river, at the mouth of the Ohio,
with the Atlantic ocean, at the mouth of the
Chesapeake bay. Having had the honor to
present the original resolution upon which the
Government survey of the route was made,
I am more familiar with it than With other
lines, and shall therefore speak of it especially,
leaving other gentlemen to give the House
their knowledge of other routes. This great
line, known as the James river and Kanawha
water line, is central in location, running from
near the center of population to the Atlantic
about midway of the coast. It will connect a
system of navigable rivers more than sixteen
thousand miles long, with the Atlantic ocean,
and thus with the world. Uniting the Missis-
sippi river with all its branches with the great
highway of international exchange, draining
a region of more than a million square miles
containing over half the people of the United
States.
It will form an open line almost perpet-
ually free from ice. Careful returns show that
for twenty years that part of the canal already
Constructed has been closed on an average
only fifteen days in the year ; during ten years
it was not closed at ail. The Erie canal is
generally closed during the whole winter and
part of the fell and spring, and that must be
the case with all northern lines.
It will be the "shortest, easiest, and least
expensive communication " between the great
interior basin and tide-water. Thus this
line Combines every important element of a
great national water-way, connecting the body
and heartof the Republic with the ocean where
the nations meet, upon a central route, free
from impediment of frost, by the shortest,
easiest, and least expensive line.
The estimated cost of completing this work
so as to afford ample facilities for commerce,
made by national engineers, is $50,000,000.
This may seem a large sum to draw from the
national resources, yet it is but a fraction of
what the people to be directly relieved and
benefited annually pay into the national Treas-
ury. If the taxes paid by my own city alone
were devoted for several years to this work, it
would be completed. The taxes paid by the
people of the Virginias would finish it in a
few years. The surplus of taxes paid by the
people directly concerned would give them
this great boon in two years. On the other
hand, the annual loss to the people of the
interior in the value of their surplus produc-
tions and the increased cost of imported goods,
caused by the lack of adequate and reasonable
transportation, is greater than the whole esti-
mated cost of the work. We lose every year
for the lack of it more than it would cost.
In this view alone the work would be a
profitable public investment, but those who
