1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
377
take here. I think I do. Whether I do or not,
I insist upon it here and everywhere that I
represent theright feeling. There is no human-
itv, there is no sense in leaving any people
wandering about gvpsy-like, homeless. That
is the condition of these people. Besides that,
if they were an organized tribe with a reserva-
tion, I take issue with the honorable Senator
from Ohio when he says it is inhuman and
barbaric to remove organized tribes from the
limits of States and from the neighborhood of
civilization. Point me to one of your tribes
which has been cherished in the neighborhood
of what you call civilization, which has been
benefited by it. Because you have an Indian
population circumscribed here by a white
population, they do not get the benefit of what-
ever civilization maybe scattered about in that
white population. In that white community
there are churches; but your Indians do not
go to those churches. You may have the stated
preaching of the Gospel on all your hills, but
no Indian ever hears the sound of it. You
may have schools, but your Indians do not get
the" benefit of those schools. There is no one
of those elements which you boast of as civil-
ization which does the Indian any good. He
has a government of his own, a society of his
own, habits of his own, a life of his own, as
disti net from that of the white community about
him as it is possible for one society to be dis-
tinct from another.
Now, so long as they are to have their own
organization, their own policy, their own gov-
ernment, what does it matter to them whether
their territory be within the limits of Ohio or
within the limits of Kansas or within the limits
of the territory south of Kansas? Not at all.
It is their facul'y that molds their destiny. It
is their capability that protects them and ad-
vances them if they are advanced, and the only
choice they can have in the world is that you
give them that neighborhood where such fac-
ulties as they have can be employed to the best
advantage. I have always thought thit being
the most incapable workers they ought to be
provided with the best soil and the best climate.
I believe those Indians who are occupying the
territory south of Arkansas have precisely that
neighborhood. I think it is one of the most
capable, one of the most generous soils, and
one of the most genial climates—that is my
conclusion from all the testimony I have—to
be found within the limits of the United States.
So I think it is better to take them there.
But, Mr. President, I am not standing here
to urge upon the Senate or upon anybody else
the policy of expatriating anybody. WeJbave
in the State of Wisconsin several Indian tribes
besides this one, which have organizations,
which have homes, which have reservations.
One of those reservations comes within three
miles of the town in which I reside. There
are perhaps twelve hundred of them. They
occupy two townships. They are undisturbed.
I do not think they get much benefit from our
civilization, and I do not think we get much
from theirs. I do not think they owe us any-
thing on that score. We get as much from
them as they do from us ; but they live there
at peace. Wisconsin stands by the faith of
your treaties. Until you make a purchase from
them, Wisconsin does not seek to disturb those
people. Here are people who have no such
reservation, who have no such homes. The
Senator from Ohio says leave them where they
are. For what purpose under God's heaven?
They cannot support themselves, and do not
by any honest livelihood.
I was struck with the beautiful faith pro-
claimed here by the honorable Senator from
Nevada, who avowed that he was one of the
men who believed that the Indians wouldwork.
They will work if you give them proper induce-
ments and opportunities; but where shall these
fellows work? That is the question. There
are but three modes, that I know of, of taking
care of them. They must either be left to be-
come paupers on our hands forever, or you
most take them beyond our limits and provide
a home for them, as you provide for other In-
dian tribes, or you must let them become the
inmates of our prisons.
Now, Mr. President, let me say before I
take my seat that with reference to this par-
ticular appropriation of $50,000 the State of
Wisconsin has no interest in it whatever. We
do want the United States to stretch forth its
hand and take these helpless people off our
hands and out of our community. We want
you to do it. You agreed to do it and made
an appropriation for the purpose a year ago,
but the Indian department think they cannot
very properly expend that appropriation unless
you will make an additional one which shall
afford them the means of helping the In-
dians after they have got a home for them.
That is the position of the Indian department,
and so I appear here to ask you to vote this
appropriation. You have in this very bill, I
think, appropriations of half a million for the
support of some tribes with whom you have
no treaty obligations whatever. Is not that
the case ?
Mr. WINDOM. To different tribes in the
aggregate more than that.
Mr. HOWE. This is an addition of $50,000
to take care of these people. Those people
have reservations, as I understand, have places
where they may live. These people are the
most helpless people I know of, and the
Interior Department asks you to intrust them
with an additional $50,000 to start them in the
way of living at some new home to be found
for them. That is the interest that Wisconsin
has in it. If you provide for them in any
other way it will be quite satisfactory to us;
but I do not know upon what ground or upon
what argument or by what reason you can
insist on leaving them paupers in our com-
munity, and yet boast of the humanity of that
course of proceeding.
Mr. THURMAN. Allow me to ask my
friend a question.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. In the southern States
there are between three and four million
people who have not a dollar's worth of prop-
erty any more than these Winnebago Indians.
Would the Senator from Wisconsin propose
that the Government should take care of them
and support them for life ?
Mr. HOWE. I do not propose that the
United States shall take charge of them or
support them. I propose that they, on the
contrary, shall take charge of the United
States and help support it, as they have right
valiantly done, a great many of them. I know
there are some millions there who have not
any property. It is not because they have
not earned property. They have earned many
millions, and have borne upon their shoulders
and by their toil an aristocracy made very
rich by their sweat; and we thought, inasmuch
as they had made their riches by their labor,
if they were permitted they would take care of
themselves, and we are trying that experiment.
These people of whom I am talking have
made nobody rich in the world, have not made
us rich in Wisconsin, and we do not see any
probability of their making us rich; and we
do not see any probability of their getting rich
while they stay there. We are afraid they
will increase in wealth very slowly anywhere ;
but if you remove them and give them a chance,
I think they will do better than they do there.
But it is a matter of right, a matter of justice
as I say to the State of Wisconsin, that the
United States should provide for them, and
not leave them upon our hands.
Mr. President, I wanted to say one word in
reply to another argument of the Senator from
Ohio. It was not used for the first time in
this debate. I have heard in every debate on
Indian bills that I ever listened to in my life
about the wrongs that have been perpetrated
against the Indians. Individual wrongs have
been perpetrated, but the Indian population
have no occasion to complain, as a body, of
the Government of the United States, and I
take the fact stated by the Senator from Ohio
himself as proof of it. What are we doing?
five millions and a half of money—equal to the
interest on almost a hundred million dol-
lars—we are appropriating annually to a quar-
ter million of Indians. A population num-
bering two hundred and fifty thousand, and
worth $100,000,000 1 There are populations
in this country, I suppose, as rich as that.
They are richer in proportion to iheir num-
bers than the State of Wisconsin ; I think
richer than the people of Ohio in proportion
to their numbers. This is all a fund created
from their sales to us, sales of that which was
not worth a farthing to them, lands for which
they had no possible use in the world. Civil-
ization has asked them for them, and is now
burdened with these annual payments because
of it. I do not believe we have abused them
very much. We have abused individual tribes
by individual trades. You will abuse these
particular people worse than you ever abused
any Indian people in the world, if you refuse
now to make some reasonable effort to provide
for their comfort.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut as amended by the Senator from
Vermont, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 20; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Chandler, Corbett, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Harlan, Howe,
Morrill of Vermont, Ramsey, Sawyer, Scott,
Sprague, West, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Casserly, Cole. Conkling,
Davis, Edmunds, Fenton, Hitchcock. Kelly, Machen,
Pratt, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman,
Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, and Vick-
ers—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair. Bore-
nian, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton,
Cooper, Ferry of Connecticut, Goldthwaite, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, llill,
Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Norwood, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pome-
roy. Pool, Ransom, Rice, Spencer, Stevenson, Sum-
ner, and Trumbull—33.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line fifty-two, page 3:
And it shall be the duty of said agent to reside at
or near where said tribes are located, giving all
necessary time to their education, and instructing
them in agriculture and mechanic arts.
I wish to say in reference to this amendment
that there are about three hundred of the Sacs
and Foxes located in our State, and there is a
Sacs and Fox agency in one of our counties.
An agent is appointed for these three hundred
Indians 
Mr. WINDOM. I raise the point of order
whether the amendment is in order ? Has it
been referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It involves
no appropriation, as the Chair understands.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will state that the prop-
osition of this amendment is that the agent
shall reside at or near where these Indians are
located, giving attention to their education
and instructing them in agriculture and me-
chanicarts. The reason for it is this: I under-
stand he receives a salary of $1,500, and is not
near the Indians at any time except when he
makes a payment to them. I want him to be
required to reside near them and give his
attention to them while he receives his salary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is a very proper
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I offer an amendment, to
come in at the end of the bill. I move to
insert as an additional section the following :
That all authority now existing in the act of
March 2,1861, and March 3, 1871, on the Treasury
to issue or deliver any bonds of the United States to
the Choctaw tribe of Indiana is hereby suspended
until the further action of Congress in the matter,
and providing for such issue or delivery.
