378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
I have shown this amendment to the Sena-
tor having charge of the bill, and I believe he
has 110 objection to it; and to some members
of the Committee on Indian Affairs. It. turns
out by a recent discovery in the Treasury De-
partment, that a provision of law made two
years ago to give these Indians $250,000 in
bonds was obtained, I will not say by any-
body's fraud, but at least through a very gross
misapprehension, because the Secretary of the
Treasury has luckily discovered a complete
settlement of the very same matter, made in
1852 with these same Indians, under which
we did pay them about $800,000 ; and a final
discharge, a photographic copy of which J[ have
in my hands, was passed by the Choctaw
nation in its council, signed by its speaker and
approved by its governor or head chief.
Therefore I suppose there will be no objection
to suspending this authority to issue $250,000
of bonds.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to hear the
document read that the honorable Senator
refers to*
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will send it to the desk.
The letter of the Secretary of the Treasury
was presented this morning.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Whereas by an act of Congress entitled 'An aot
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year' ending the 30th of June,
1852,' it is provided that after the 30th day of June,
185J, all payments of interest on the amounts awarded
Choctaw claimants under the fourteenth article of
the treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek for lands on
which they resided, but which it is impossible to
give them, shall cease, and that the Secretary of the
Interior be directed to pay said claimants the
amount of principal awarded in each case respect-
ively, and that an amount necessary for this pur-
po.-e be appropriated not exceeding $872,000, and
that the final payment and satisfaction of said war-
rants shall be first ratified and approved as a final
release of all claims of such parties under the four-
teenth article of said treaty by the proper national
authority of the Choctaws, in such form as shall be
prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior:
"Now be it known that the said general council
of the Choctaw nation do hereby ratify and approve
the final payment and satisfaction of said warrants,
agreeably to the provisions of the act aforesaid, as a
final release of all claims of such parties under the
fourteenth article of said treaty."
Mr. HAH LAN. I am not sure that I shall
oppose the adoption of the amendment, but
there may be very great injustice done these
Indians by the impression that will go out
from its adoption under these circumstances.
The treaty under which the Choctaws claim
was made and ratified several years after the
date of that enactment of the tribe, and the
law under which they claim it was enacted in
1860. This is all I have to say on the sub-
ject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I wish
we had time and a full Senate to go through
with this Choctaw business. I should be very
glad to have my friend from Iowa devote him-
self to it for a little while, and to have the
Senate do so ; for I think it is not extravagant
to say that there have been paid to those
Indians—no, I will not say paid to those
Indians—paid to p'eople who professed to
represent those Indians, to lobbyists and
thieves and claim agents—not that a lobbyist
or a claim agent is necessarily a thief, but I
mean to people some of whom are thieves
and others of whom pursue an honorable
calling of attending to people's interest here—
more than three times as much as those In-
dians by the original treaty under which they
removed west of the Mississippi river were ever
entitled to at all. And I do not believe this
is the only instance in which we have got our-
selves into a scrape by paying a claim twice
in favor of these Indians; and I believe the
honorable Senator will be satisfied of that
same fact himself if he will go through the
history of it, as I have had occasion to do
during the last year.
J do not wish take up time, as my friend does
not oppose the amendment. He will see that
in order to guard against any possible injustice
I have only proposed to suspend this issue
until v/o can see further about it.
Mr. HARLAN. I am not totally ignorant
of the subject, although I have not given to it
the attention that the honorable Senator from
Vermont has, doubtless. The question was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs a
year or two since, and the then Senator from
Kentucky, who unfortunately is not now living,
examined the matter very thoroughly and
brought in a resolution, which was adopted
by the Senate, directing the bonds which Con-
gress itself had directed to be paid to these
Indians to be paid.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend must remem-
ber that this' paper has been, I will not say
secreted, but lodged away in the files of the
office of the Secretary of the Treasury, in the
Third Auditor's office, and seen and known
and referred to by no Senator or member of
Congress in the world since it was signed until
it was discovered through a very accidental
train of circumstances the other day, which
I should be happy to tell the Senator.
Mr. HARLAN. I know nothing about the
paper to which the honorable Senator refers.
It seems to be a paper signed by a member of
the Indian tribe referred to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend is mistaken
about the nature of the paper. It is a paper
signed by "A. Nail, speaker, November 6,
1852. Passed in the senate, D. McCoy,
President. Approved, George W. Harkins,
George Folsom," the two head chiefs. It
is a solemn act of the national'council of the
Choctaws.
Mr. HARLAN. The point I was making
was this: an impression would grow out of
the motion of the honorable Senator from
Vermont, which he does not intend doubtless,
that there was some fraud practiced on the
Senate or some fraud attempted to be prac-
ticed on Congress. It would take a little time
to go into this matter, but after that proposed
settlement of this controversy the United
States made a treaty with these Indians, I
think in 1855. That paper seems to be dated
in 1862. The Indians were dissatisfied with
the settlement of their claims for the lands
from which they had been driven in the State
of Mississippi. The treaty provided that they
should have such award as might be made
them by the Senate of the United States, and
under the provisions of that treaty the subject
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs when Hon. Mr. Sebastian, of Arkan-
sas, was chairman of that committee. The
question was investigated by that, committee,
reported to the Senate, and debated in the
Senate, and they brought in their award
informally, informiug the Senate and the
country that the United States owed the Choc-
taws legitimately and honestly, under the pro-
visions of previous treaties, for lands from
which they had been driven, their separate
reservations and individual reservations, and
for stock destroyed, the amount of some
$2,200,000, but proposed that only $500,000
of that sum should be paid to them at that
time under the idea that the disbursement
among them of so large a sum of money,
although it was due them for lands from which
they had been driven, would probably be of no
use to so small a body of people, but would
tend to demoralize them and be an injury to
them. The proposition made by the Indian
Committee at that time was to pay them
$250,000 in money and $250,000 in bonds.
The money was paid to them under an appro-
priation passed in 1860. The bonds were not
issued to them until the war began, and inter-
course with those Indians was consequently
suspended.
At the close of the war they renewed their
treaty relations with the United States and
asked the Secretary of the Treasury for the
payment of the residue of that appropriation,
to wit, the $250,000 in bonds. This was not
done. They thought they were entitled to it
under the provisions of the law of 1860 and
of the treaty of 1666. The question was re-
ferred to the Attorney General by the Secretary
of the Treasury. The Attorney General exam-
ined the subject and reported in favor of the
payment.. The Secretary of the Treasury, how-
ever, deemed it to be wise, being a prudent man,
to submit the question to the Congress of the
United States. When it came to the Senate of
the United States it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs and by them submitted
to Senator Davis, of Kentucky,for examination.
After examining the question thoroughly, he
reported in favor of the payment ; he reported
a resolution that no additional legislation was
necessary and that they were entitled to it
under existing laws and treaties. Afterward
the subject was considered in Congress and the
payment directed by a clause in an appropri-
ation bill. Now, all of these things transpired
after that proposed settlement. The treaty
was made afterward. A submission of the
whole question to a decision of the Senate was
had afterward. An investigation on the part
of the Senate by its then Committee on Indian
Affairs, of which I was not at that time a
member, was had, and an award was brought
in for $2,200,000, or twenty-one hundred and
some odd thousand dollars. Congress pro-
posed at that time to pay them $500,000, and
over $2,000,000 was found to be due them.
One half of that $500,000 has been paid ; the
other half has not been paid.
The impression which I thought might be
made by the adoption of this amendment
unexplained was that this was a sort of snap
game; that as to this pretended settlement
which the Indians were coerced to make,
being dissatisfied, on an appeal to the Gov-
ernment for a readjustment a new treaty was
made with them, and they consented to take
what the Senate of the United States awarded
them. The Senate made this award, but has
never paid it or proposed to pay any portion
but the $500,000, and now withholds half of
that. A clearer case of fraud on the Indians
was never perpetrated by any Government on
earth.
I have nothing to say in defense of claim
agents. They generally belong to the profes-
sion of which my honorable friend from Ver-
mont [Mr. Edmunds] is an illustrious member.
They are generally lawyers, skilled in their
business, and I have no doubt that these poor
Indians have been compelled to avail them-
selves of th« iervices of gentlemen of the legal
profession with a view of securing at least some
portion of the large award which.the Senate of
the United States found to be due them as the
price of the land in the State of Mississippi,
from which they were driven at the point of
the bayonet in violation of treaties which as-
signed it to them in perpetuity, giving it to
them in fee simple forever. They were driven
from it: they were compelled to leave it, to
leave their stock, to leave all their property
and take up their abode in the wilderness. In
order to secure the small amount awarded them
under a previous treaty they were compelled
to sign that settlement in full, which they did,
but afterward appealed to the Senate of the
United States to review their conduct. That
was done. The Senate reviewed it and found
they had wronged the Indians over two millions.
They are trying to get a small part of that. Con-
gress, by law, has directed the payment of
$500,000; one half of it has been paid, the
other half has been withheld on account of
the interruption of intercourse, as I have
stated. Since the war they have appealed to
the Government again for that small pittance.
The Senate of the United States has resolved
that no additional law is necessary for the
payment. It has been still withheld. The
Government has directed the Secretary of the
Treasury by law to pay it. He still withholds
it, and goes back of the date of the treaty sub-
mitting the question to the Senate as arbitra-
tor to find some old settlement of the contro-
versy signed by the IndianB.
It it should become necessary during the
