im
IEEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
Mr, WALDEN. I ask. leave to print my
remarks- in the Globe. ,
There was- no objection, and the leave was
granted- [See Appendix.];
Mr. COGGER. I now. yield five minutes
to .the gentleman from Virginia-, [Mr. Terry.]
Mr, TERRY. I have made some prepara-
tions .to discuss the bill before the House, but
it would nptbe possible for.me to do it in five
minutes, and I therefore ask-leave -to print my
remarks in the Globe.
, No objection was made, and the leave was
granted. [8<je Appendix.] _
Mr. TERRY. I. now yield the remainder of
my five minutes to the gentleman from Ind-
ian$, [Mr. Kerb.] •
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, in reference to
the recommendation of the Committee on
Commerce in regard to the three great enter-
prises which have been referred to, I want to
say tkat I very heartily indorse their recom-
mendation that final action on them should
pe deferred for the present, and only measures
t^ken looking to the gathering of further in-
formatipn for the use of a future Congress.
Thg complete practicability of these enter-
prised, their relations to internal aud external
commerce, their cost, and the beat mode of
granting aid, if at all, need further inquiry,
fuller demonstration, and more popular agi-
tation. Then, with the results of all these,
another Congress can act more wisely and
safely.
In reference to the proposed construction
by Congress of what is very appropriately
called a water highway from the James river
to the. Ohio river, at the mouth of the Ka-
nawha, I want to say that in my judgment there
has not during the last fifty years been
brought before the Congress of the United
States a national enterprise which appeals
more strongly and directly to the sympathies
Of all .the people of the country.
The magnificent proportions of this enter-
prise are not more impressive than its intrinsic
importance and value. Its appeal is for cheaper
transportation and relief against monopoly.
This proposed intercontinental highway runs
from the Atlantic seaboard westward into the
very heart of the country, the great center
of agricultural production. It also runs as it
were upon the border of the two great divis-
ions of the country, the North and the South.
Its main purpose is to cheapen and increase
commercial communication between those sec-
tions, aud between the West and the East.
These are aims aud public advantages that have
challenged the solicitude of our greatest states-
men from Washington to Jackson. No man
to-day will, venture to gainsay their vast im-
portance. They have aroused intelligent dis-
cussion all over the country in all commercial
circles.
Now, without saying whether at the present
time I would be willing to vote for Congress
to adopt and proceed to construct and com-
plete the proposed water-line, I do want to
say now that I have carefully examined the
bill to complete a water highway from tide-
water on the James river to the Ohio river, at
the mouth of the Kanawha, and, in my judg-
ment, a more honest and unselfish, clear and
honorable proposition,, never was submitted to
Congress. A proposition for legislation more
absolutely and intelligently free from objec-
tions to its form or machinery, from all taint
of self-seeking or sectional advantage, from
all sorts of jobbery, and from all possibility
of abuse or perversion or suspicion of con-
tamination with the lobby.,, was never brought
before this House. In all these respects it
seems to have been drafted with a single eye
to the best interests of the people, and its
specific provisions have been approved, and
were in part framed, by some of the most
accomplished and disinterested engineers of
our country.
It proposes that the Federal Government
shall take out of the hands of the States of
Virginia :and West Virginia, and' into its own
care and keeping this ^reat water-line, -to be
under the sole jurisdiction of itS'Own officers,
to be, controlled by disinterested men of the
best and most competent department of this
Government, the engineer corps, and it# com-
pletion and all expenditures in connection
therewith to be directed by them, -with all the
safeguards interposed by the rules of the Army
and of the Treasury touching the prosecution
of such public works, and the expenditure of
public moneys therefor; and it is proposed
that the work shall be completed, if at all, ia
the interests of the whole country and of all
the people, not of a section, not of a class,
not of a grasping directory, not of any set of
gambling stockholders or trading politicians,
not for any favorites or subsidized few, but of
all the people interested in exchange, in com-
merce, in reducing the cost of transportation,
in diminishing the power of existing monopo-
lies, and in giving the people of the great
valley of our country cheaper access to our
eastern seaboard, and therefore cheaper and
more profitable admission with their surplus
products to foreign markets. These are bene-
fits it would be infinitely fortunate for our
people to enjoy.
The State of Virginia and the present State
of West Virginia propose to surrender to the
United States what cost those Commonwealths
about $10,000,000. It is the intrinsic import-
ance of this great enterprise to those States
and to the whole country that leads them to
offer this generous dedication of property that
has cost them so much.
Now, whether this enterprise is ever to be
enacted into the form of a law, 1 am ready
now and here to indorse ahd approve this
bill as a proper and safe form of law, and to
say that if the objections to it can be over-
come which rest on considerations Of public
policy and questions of constitutional power,
which I have no time now to discuss; then it
ought to pass. It is as fully, fairly, and gen-
erously national in its scope, extent, aims, and
results, as aay great work of internal improve-
ment ever attempted in the country.
In reference to the other enterprises I want
to say that in my judgment the bills which are
presented here are not such as should be en-
acted by Congress, not such as the Congress
of the- United States ia now ready to pass
upon, or. is now possessed of sufficient inform-
ation to act upon intelligently and safely. We
ought not attempt to act upon them, but
should address ourselves to securing all such
additional and complete information as will
enable future Congresses to act with the aid
of all attainable facts and knowledge. These
proposed bills appear to me to be fatally de-
fective in form and machinery for action, and
not such as promise satisfactory results.
Mr. CONGER. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Platt.]
Mr. PLATT. Not desiring to take up the
time of the House on this occasion, I will ask
leave to have printed in the Globe some re-
marks upon the subject of the James River
and Kanawha canal.
Leave was granted accordingly. [See
Appendix.]
Mr. COM GER. It is now proposed to ask a
vote of the House upon the previous question
upon the bill appointing a board of commis-
sioners of commerce.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will withdraw
the motion to recommit for that purpose.
Mr. CONGER. Before I make the motion,
I desire to say that during the past hour an
opportunity has been given to several gentle-
men to submit briefly their remarks on a great
many measures which they wish to urge upon
the attention of Congress. And the very fact
that nearly a dozen great national measures
are proposed by different gentlemen in this
House for the action of Congress has of itself
sufficiently proved that we should provide
I some way for accumulating the necessary in-
formation to guide Congress in its legislation
and decision upon such questions. The bill
upon which we ask a vote of the House tends
in that direction. I believe it to be free of
Objection, and therefore I now call the pre-
vious question upon it.
Mr. MORGAN. In order to test the sense
of the House upon the bill now pending, I
move that it be laid on the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh no; let us vote upon
the bill.
The question being taken on the motion
to lay the bill on the table, there were—ayes
70, noes 53.
Mr. CONGER. I call for tellers.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided
in the atfirmative—yeas 99, nays 84, not voting
57 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer, Arthur,
Barnum, Erasmus W. Beek, James B. Beck, Bell,
Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, James G, Blair, Braxton,
Bright, Buffinton, Bunnell, Caldwell, Carroll, Clarke,
Coghla'n.Comingo, Criteher, Crossland, Davis, Dodds,
Donnan.Dox, DaBa'se, Duke, Eldredge, Ely, Earns-
worth, Finkelnburg, Garrett, Getz, Giddings. Gol-
laday. Goodrich, Griffith, Haldeman, Hancock,
Handiey.'Hanks. Harmer, Harper, John JC. Harris,
Joseph It. Hawley, Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard,
Hpluian, Houghton, Kerr, Kinsella, Laoiison, Leaoh,
Maclntyre, Manson, McClelland, McCormick, Mo-
Henry, MeKinney, Mitchell, Morgan, Silas L. Nih-
lack, Hosea W. Parker, Ferry, Potter, Prioe, Ban-
dan, Read, Edward Y. Bice, John M. Bice, William
R. Roberts, Robinson, J ohh Rogers, Sion H. Rogers,
Sargent, Scgfield, Sherwood, Shober, Shoemaker,
Slater, Sloeum. John A. Smith, Speer, StoEm, Terry,
Washington Townsend, TutliiU, Vaughan, voor-
hees, Waddell, Wells, Willard, Williams of New
York, Winchester, -Wood, and Young—9i>.
NAYS —Messrs. Barber,-Barry, Beatty, Bigby,
Bingham, Boles, Burchard, Burdett, Cobb, Cosher,
Cotton, Crocker, Dawes, Dunnell, Elliott, Esty, Far-
well, Charles Foster. Wilder D. Foster, Frye, war-
field, Hale, Halsey, Hambleton, George E. Harris,
John B. Hawley, Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton,
John W. llazelton. Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley,
Kellogg, Kendall, Ketcham, Lamport, Lowe, Lynch,
Maynard, MeCrary, MeGrew, Merriam, Monroe,
Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley,. Orr, Packard,
Isaac CI Parker, Pendleton, Perce, Peters, Platt,
Porter, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyor,
Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger, H.Boardman Smith,
Snyder, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevenson. Stougb-
ton, Stowell, St. John, Thomas, Turner, Iwichell,
Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Waldon, Waldron, Wal-
lace. Wheeler, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, and John T. Wilson—84.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Averill,
Banks, Boarman, Brooks, Buekley, Benjamin F.
Butler, Roderick R.Butler, Campbell.Coburn,^Con-
ner, Cox, Crebs, Creely, Darrall. Dickey, Duell,
Eames, Forker, Henry D.Foster, Havens, Killinger,
King, Lansing, Lewis, Marshall, McJunkin, McKee,
McNeely, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Moore.
Morey, William E. Niblaek, Packer, Palmer, Peck,
Poland, Prindle, Ritchie, Roosevelt, Seeley, Shel-
don, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Stevens,
Sutherland, Swann, Sypher, Taffe, Dwight Town-
send, Van Trump, Warren, Whiteley. and Whit- t
thorne—57.
So.the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OE PAPERS.
Mr. COBB asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House papers
now before the Committee of Claims in the case
of Minerva Till.ey.
Mr. KETCHAM asked and obtained leave
to withdraw from the files of the House papers
in the case of Lieutenant L. H. Bogardus, jr.
MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying
the House that that body had passed a con-
current resolution providing that a committee
of one member of the Senate be appointed
to join a committee of two members of the
House of Representatives, to be appointed by
that House, to wait on Ulysses S. Grant, of
Illinois, and to notify him that he bns been
duly elected President of the United States
for four years, commencing on the 4th day of
March, 1873 ; and also to notify Henry Wil-
son, of Massachusetts, that he has been duly
