380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January f,1
der and lead. They are a peaceable, quiet
people, who are living there under the pro-
tection of the laws of the State. Why pro-
hibit them from buying a gun or ammunition ?
Why prohibit these peaceful Indians in Ne-
braka and Minnesota, the Indians in Michi-
gan ? Although they are adopting agricultural
pursuits, and live to some extent from the fruits
of the field, yet they eke out no inconsiderable
proportion of their daily support from the
hunt. Will you compel them all to go back
to the use of the bow and arrow, and in that
way put them at the mercy of the wild Indians,
who will buy powder and lead enough over
the border in the British possessions? Why,
sir, you will augment the necessary expenses
of protecting these Indians fortyfold by not
allowing them to buy powder and lead with
which they can defend themselves. You will
augment the necessity for appropriations ten-
fold by depriving them of the means of sup-
plying themselves with meat.
As I stated yesterday, the Department has
rules and regulations on this subject which do
not permit a trader to sell powder or lead to
Indians that are hostile or likely to become
so; but if you pass a law on the subject, and
do not allow any Indian to buy ammunition or
guns of any trader, what kind of condition do
you put them into? How will they defend
themselves? How will they support them-
selves? If the honorable Senator can modify
his amendment in some way so as to apply it
to the bad Indians for whom he intends it, I
should have no objection to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We cannot finish the bill
to-night. I therefore move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us adjourn now, and
the Senate can proceed to-morrow.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 7, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask unanimous consent that
the further reading of the Journal be dispensed
with.
Mr. KERR, I object.
The reading of the Journal was then com-
pleted, and it was approved.
MEMBER SWORN IN.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I rise to a question of
privilege. Mr. Frank C. Bunnell the gentle-
man elected to fill the vacancy from the thir-
teenth district of Pennsylvania, occasioned by
the resignation of Hon. Ulysses Mercur, is
present and I ask that he be sworn in.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has the gen-
tleman's credentials at the desk.
Mr. HOAR. I desire that these credentials
be referred to the Committee of Elections. I
wish to say, if the House will pardon me, that
it seems to me the practice of the House ought
to be changed in this particular. Almost with-
out objection gentlemen have been sworn in
for the present term the genuineness of whose
credentials was challenged after the oath was
administered. It seems to me that the cre-
dentials should always be referred to the
committee.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If there were any objec-
tion to the swearing in of this gentleman I
would not object to the reference.
* Mr. HOAR. It is because I suppose there
is no objection in this case that I make the
suggestion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct
that the credentials be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, John W. Geary,
Governor of the said Commonwealth.
A PROCLAMATION.
Whereas in and by the forty-second section of an
act of the General Assembly of this Commonwealth,
approved the 2d day of July, A. D. 1839, entitled
"An act relating to the elections of this Common-
wealth," it is provided that when the returns of any
special election for a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States shall be received by
the secretary of the Commonwealth, the Governor
shall declare by proclamation the name of the per-
son elected.
And whereas the return of aspecial election held in
the thirteenth congressional districtof this Common-
wealth, composed of the counties of Bradford, Colum-
bia, Montour, Sullivan, and Wyoming, on Tuesday,
the 24th day of December last past, under the au-
thority of writs issued in conformity with provisions
of the Constitution of the United States and the
above recited act of the General Assembly, have
been received by the secretary of the Commonwealth,
whereby it appears that Frank C. Bunnell was duly
elected to serve as a Representative of the people
of this State to supply the vacancy occasioned by
the resignation of Hon. Ulysses Mercur.
Now, therefore, I, John W. Geary, Governor as
aforesaid, have issued this my proclamation, hereby
publishing and declaring that the said Frank C.
Bunnell was duly elected and chosen in the district
before mentioned as a Representative of the people
of this State in the House of Representatives of the
said Forty-Second Congress of the United States, in
room of Hon. Ulysses Mercur, resigned.
Given under my hand and the great seal of the
State, at Harrisburg, this 2d day of January, in the
year of our Lord 1873, and of the Commonwealth
the ninty-seventh.
By the Governor JOHN W. GEARY. |.
F. JORDAN, !
Secretary of the Commonwealth. !'
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the i;
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar]
to include in his motion that these credentials
shall be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions, and that the member-elect shall not be
allowed to be sworn in until that committee
shall have made a report.
Mr. HOAR. I will not press the motion
now that I have heard the credentials read.
I desire merely to take this opportunity to
call the attention of the House to the very
careless manner in which the credentials of
members have been received and they have
been sworn in. The House is aware that
under our practice after a person has once
been sworn in as a member he cannot be dis-
placed except upon an investigation into the
merits of the case. Now, if credentials that
are invalid, or about whose genuineness or
authenticity there is a doubt, are presented to
the House, and without a careful examina-
tion and a clear understanding of the matter
the applicant is sworn in, the House, under
its rules and practice, cannot do justice to the
person who may afterward present himself
with genuine credentials. Such a case, it is
alleged, has happened during the present
Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman al-
low me to inquire whether he thinks that, as a
matter of law, the swearing in of a person as
a member is such an indorsement of his cre-
dentials that upon its being found subsequently
that those credentials were forged, for exam-
ple, the House could not by a majority vote
displace the person thus sworn in?
Mr. HOAR. I do not doubt that where it
turned out that the credentials were forged
there would be no difficulty in setting them
aside. But under the ordinary practice of the
House, after a person has been once adjudged
to be entitled prima facie to a seat, and has
been sworn in, it never has been the practice
to have any other inquiry except an inquiry
into the final right to the seat.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I understand that there
is no longer any objection to administering
the oath.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to say that these
credentials are in strict conformity to law. As
I understand, there is no objection whatever
to this member-elect from his opponent, and I
think I am sufficiently well informed to say
there will be none.
Mr. HOAR. If the House will pardon me,
I will say one word more. During the present
Congress a gentleman presented himself with
credentials purporting to issue from the Gov-
ernor of Louisiana. The next day after that
gentleman had been sworn in another gentle-
man arrived here claiming that he had in his
possession credentials from the proper certi-
fying officers of the State of Louisiana, and
that the other credentials were issued without
authority and contrary to the law of that State.
About the truth of that allegation I know noth-
ing. But certainly if the House had known
that such a question had been pending between
these two claimants from Louisiana, it never
would have sworn in the first applicant with-
out referring the case to the Committee of
Elections.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state what
has been the practice of the House and what
his own practice has been hitherto. Where
members are elected after a Congress has
commenced its term, their credentials come
to the Clerk of the House, who is supposed to
be thoroughly conversant with the form and
requirements of the certificate of election.
If he passes them to the Speaker, with the
statement that they are correct in form, and
are undoubted certificates or credentials, the
Chair regards it his duty in such a case to pre-
sent the credentials to the House, and to swear
in the applicant, subject, of course, to the
right of contest, to which we are all subject.
The gentleman will present himself and take
the oath.
Accordingly Mr. Bunnell presented him-
self and took the oath prescribed by the act
of July 2, 1862.
POST ROUTES IN MAINE.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3350) establishing post
routes in the State of Maine; which was read
a first, second, and third time, and passed.
FREIGHT ON NATAL STORES, ETC.
Mr. LYNCH also, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to report to this House the amount paid for
freight upon materials, stores, and supplies for the
use of naval forces stationed on the west coast of
the United States and the Pacific ocean, via the
Isthmus of Panama or Cape Horn, for the fiscal
years ending June 30,1870 and 1871.
FREIGHT ON MILITARY STORES, ETC.
Mr. LYNCH also, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to report to this House the amounts paid for freight
upon materials, stores, and supplies for the use of the
United States forces at military sta tions on the west
coast of the United States and Pacific ocean, via
the Isthmus of Panama or Cape Horn, for the fiscal
years ending June 30,1870 and 1871.
WORN AND MUTILATED BANK NOTES.
Mr. MONROE. On behalf of the Commit-
tee on Bankingand Currency, I ask unanimous
consent that Tuesday, January 28, from two
till four o'clock, be fixed for the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 809) for the retirement
of worn and mutilated bank notes.
Mr. WOOD. Does this interfere with the
morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It does not. The gen-
tleman is merely asking unanimous consent.
Mr. RANDALL. I will object unless the
limitation of four o'clock be struck out.
Mr. L. MYERS. I shall have to object. I
gave notice 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman need not
argue an objection. If he objects that is suffi-
cient.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly
enrolled a bill of the following title ; when the
Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 3131) making appropria-
