44
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 6,
Ho. of Reps.
District Affairs—Mr. Chipman.
42D CONG....3DsSjB8S.
in error, and that when the true statement is
made, this column of estimated liabilities will
be found to be in excess of the cost of the
work given in the list of contracts.
There is more here than an error of figures
on the part of the gentleman. His whole
theory as to the inaccuracy of the report of
the board is exploded. As a mathematician
the gentleman seems not to be a success. He
may hardly aspire to be chief of our Bureau
of Statistics.
The gentleman rings out "discrepancy,"
"blunder," "fraud," through these Halls.
" I thank thee, Jew, for teaching mo that word."
Having thus capped the climax of misrep-
resentation, the honorable member says:
"I shall not go through .the other fourteen con-
tracts, as there are no essential points to distin-
guish them from those-1 have considered; but as
confirmation to my conclusions, X may add that tho
subjeot of these extensions has been examined by
gentlemen in this city, and whilo Icannot vouch for
their investigation as correct, I can state, what I
have no doubt will be to the satisfaction of gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House, that Repub-
licans havo informed me the amount omitted in
that report is $9,000,000."
I have already conclusively shown, Mr.
Speaker, that the gentleman has misrepre-
sented the report of the board, and that with
the single exception of a portion of the Tiber
sewer, and some unimportant omissions not
affecting the grand total, the extensions have
all been carried out. The omission in the
case of that Tiber sewer has I think been
satisfactorily explained, and I will now add,
for his consolation, that with respect to the eon-
tract with George Neitzey, for Twelfth street,
and that with A. Campbell, for the East
Capitol street sewer, the estimated expenses,
as stated in the much reviled list, is in excess
of the actual cost.
What shall we say of the gentleman's con-
clusion that $9,000,000 liabilities have been
omitted, and that therefoi-e the debt incurred
by the board is $19,000,000 instead of $0,000-
000? It would be interesting to know the
"Republicans" who performed the legerde-
main shown in the gentleman's figures. When
next "Republicans" turn informers for the
gentleman he had better remember the "gift-
bearing Greeks."
I have before me, Mr. Speaker, a tabulated
statement dedicated to the gentleman from
New York by one John H. Crane, of this city.
Upon a careful comparison of the table sub-
mitted by the honorable member with that
prepared by Crane, I find that the gentle-
man has not only copied the body of the table
prepared by that mendacious person, but also
his notes.
He must be a bold man who will utter on
this floor as fact any statement that may
emanate from John H. Crane. Let me re-
mind the gentleman that during the investi-
gation last winter this, tnan, who appeared in
the double capacity of prosecutor and witness,
swore that on the day of the election the board
had in their employ thirteen thousand men,
(see page 293 of the report,) and that when
the rolls were produced by the superintendent
of streets it waS' ascertained that the number
of employes at that time under the board
(including cart-drivers, who are generally boys)
was eight hundred and nine—-a less force than
had been in their employ immediately previous
to the election. (Ibid., page 653.) And m a
criminal proceeding in one of our courts a
score of citizens testified that he was sot
entitled to belief under oath. The internal
evidences are conclusive that Crane's figures
and the gentleman's are the same, and we
may safely, assume that upon the subject of
the Board of Public Works Crane is the gen-
tleman's authority, and speaks through him
upon the floor of this House; he is also prob-
ably one of the " Republicans" who supplied
th« data of the gentleman's speech. If I can
properly judge the desire of this honorable
body, it is not their wish to gather informa-
tion from the sewers or from mere idle gossip,
or to be instructed or controlled by the state-
ments of political mountebanks and courte-
sans. A more mischievous and unreliable
man cannot be found in our city than this
man Crane; and it is humiliating to know
that he has been given a hearing on this floor.
Among the gentleman's objections to the
report of the board is the fact that " the list
of contracts is not certified" by the contract
clerk. He is welcome to what of capital he
may be able to make from this small point,
though perhaps it would be well for him to
have the clerk examined as to the cause of
the omission. In the mean time I will inform
the gentleman that the certificate was not
deemed necessary for the sole reason that the
list is a part of the report of the board, that
they alone are responsible for its correctness,
and that the clerk himself felt it would be
mere affectation on his part to affix his certifi-
cate to what had been adopted as genuine by
the board.
CHARGE FIFTH.
The gentleman next proceeds to notice the
appropriation of $1,240,000 made recently by
Congress to reimburse the board for expend-
itures in front of Government property. He
says that he will proceed to show " frauds
against the Government of a character which
will astonish the gentlemen who hear" him.
I know of no law of morals or common de-
cency which will warrant a member on this floor
in making a charge of this character against
officers of the United States or any other per-
sons unless they are founded ou fact; and I
shall proceed to show that this charge is
wholly destitute of fact. The gentleman's
misstatements are the coinage of his own
brain. They are " out of whole cloth."
1. He firstcharges theboard with suppressing
a page of their report, as " telling unwelcome
truths." The gentlemau is wholly mistaken.
When the report was finally completed and
made up, the page to which the gentleman re-
fers, and which in his proof copy was probably
his "last page," was placcd in another part
of the report, page 15 supplemental appendix.
2. The gentleman says that pavement charged
at one dollar to tho United States cost the
board ninety cents a yard. The fact is that
■when the board first made its contracts eighty
cents, not ninety cents, was fixed as the price
for pavement, but the contract stipulated that
this was based on the fact that bricks could be
furnished at $11 50 per thousand. It was after-
ward found that bricks could not be purchased
at this price, having advanced to $14 50 and
sixteen dollars per thousand. This made the
cost of pavement more than was originally sup-
posed, and the Government in paying one dol-
lar paid precisely what property-holders in the
city have paid for the same pavement.
3. The gentleman charges that curbing which
the board laid at $1 25 they charged to the
United States at $1 50. The facts are as fol-
lows: The cost of curbing at the wharf (re-
duced) is, per lineal foot, one dollar; hauling,
eight cents; rejointing and redressing, fifteen
cents; setting, thirty cents; add five percent.,
nine cents, for superintendence, engineering,
&c.; making a total of $1 62. It will thus be
seen that the board instead of making twenty-
five cents, as the gentleman claims, lost upon
this item twelve cents per lineal foot.
4. The gentleman charges that twelve-inch
tile sewer cost the board $1 40, and that the
board charged the Government five dollars
for the same sewer per foot. The answer to
this is very simple. The sewers laid in front
of the Government property average eighteen
in?hea instead of twelve, and the board has
charged the Government nothing for the main
sewers, a proportion of which should be paid
by the Government but is not. • « ;
The cost of laying eighteen-inch sewer per
foot, f2 80 ; man-holes, traps, and- .construc-
tion reduced per lineal foot, $2 18; five per
cent, for superintendence, engineering, &c.,
twenty-two cents ; total would give, $4 70.
5. The gentleman says: - ■ /.
"I will take tho items charged for a single square,
Judiciary square, page iO of the report, generally
known as City Hall reservation, and will show an
amount of fraud in them that I think will astonish
tho IIouso."
He then says that there is a charge made
against the United States for concrete pave-
ments on Fifth street along this square amount-
ing to $13,491 25, and he adds, with an em-
phasis of holy horror: "But, sir, there is no
concrete pavement there 1" And this, among
other items, the gentleman asserts has been
paid by the United States.
The gentleman claims in his speech to have
seen the voucher in the Treasury Department,
and he asserted on the floor, although I be-
lieve he suppressed that portion of his speech,
that it was very remarkable that the engineer
in charge of the public buildings and grounds
should be able in his measurements to coin-
cide exactly with the account rendered by the
Board of Public Works, and pay to 'the last
cent that account, thereby insinuating as he
did that there was collusion between the
Board of Public Worka and the Government
engineer.
If the gentleman had compared the very first
item in the hill of the board as published in
their report with the voucher paid he would
have seen that it was stricken out. The
amount was $4,000, and ought to have at-
tracted the gentleman's attention. It must
be evident, therefore, that tho gentleman was
not searching for truth so much as to mstke a
case against, the Board of Public Works.
I submit in this connection a letter written
by the engineer in charge of public buildings
and grounds to the Board of Public Works as
a complete refutation of the charge made by
the gentleman:
Officii of Public Buildings and Gbounbs,
Washington, X). 0., January, 30,187&
Sir : I havo tho honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of thin date, in which you state that in
aspeoch mado by Mr. Robert B. Roosevelt, and
published in the Globe of the 29th instant, certain
charges aro mado reflecting: upon mo and the Board
of Public Works in. the matter of measurements for
work charged the United States Government at
Judiciary square.
You also request me to examine those statements
and furnish an answer as to the correctness of the
charges; also whether the appropriation made in
the deficiency bill was not much less than the amount
actually duo the board.
In reply, I have to state that I have read the
speech u> which you refer, and find that Mr. Roose-
velt states as follows, namely;
"But they by no means constitute all the .errors;
thore aro false measurements and charges as well.
As a specimen of this I will hastily and rapidly as I
can, for my tirao is rapidly running out, examine
ono singlo reservation. I will take the items charged
fora single square. Judiciary square, page 19 of the
roport, generally known as the City Hill reserva-
tion, and will show an amount of fraud in them that
1 think will astonish the House.
"In the first place there is a charge for concrete
pavement of Fifth street along the square; this is
charged to the United States Government at
S13.491 20. But, sir, there is no concrete pavement
there."
Mr. Roosevelt further states that—*
"Thero is an entry against tho same reservation
of seven hundred and fifty-four lineal feet of sewer
on (I street, adding up $3,770, and one thousand ono
hundred foet in Pil'th street adding up $5,500, and
etill another sewer in Fourth street eleven hundred
feet long, charged at $5,600, which, so far as it exists,
was built under Mayors Wallach and Bowen, years
ago, and has been all paid for except some four or
five hundred dollars."
Mr. iioosBVKLT further states as follows;
" The amounts demanded by the Board of Public
Works I have given in the extracts from the reports
which I have read to the House. These amounts
seem to have been all paid. I have seen, although
I was unable to examine critically, the voucher in the
I Treasury Department under which this $1,240,920 92
