1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bill be indefinitely postponed. I suppose,
however, it may be desirable to place it on the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse re-
port of the committee.
Mr. CASSERLY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1584) to provide for a board of com-
missioners to report a system of irrigation for
the San Joaquin and Tulare valleys in Cali-
fornia, reported it with an amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1593) for the relief of the officers and
crew of the United States steamer Champion;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1594) for the relief of Zeno Secor; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1595) for the relief of Seeor & Co., and
Perine, Secor & Co.; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1596) relating to the circuit and
district .courts of the United States for the
middle and northern districts of Alabama;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STEVENSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1597) to change and fix the time
of holding the spring terms of the United
States circuit and district courts in the cities
of Covington and Paducah, Kentucky; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee ou the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1598) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved March 2, 1867, and the several acts
amendatory thereof; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave*to introduce a bill
(S.No. 1599) to reimburse the State of Massa
chusetts for moneys expended for coast de-
fense during the war; which was read twice
by its title, and ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1600) to declare inauguration day a
legal holiday; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introducea bill (S. No. 1601)
to establish certain post roads; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1603) to confirm titles to certain lands in the
Rio Hondo claim of Louisiana; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee ou Private Land Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FENTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 14) authorising the Pres-
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 85.
ident to invite the international statistical con-
gress to hold its next session in the United
States; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and ordered to be printed.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask leave without pre-
vious notice to introduce a joint resolution,
and I ask that it may be read at length. It is
short.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 15)
expressing the sense of Congress upon the
establishment of a republican government ill
Spain.
The joint resolution .was read twice by its
title and at length, as follows :
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States oj America in Congress
assembled, That they have learned with sincere sat-
isfaction that a republican government has been
peaceably established in Spain, and, on behalf of
the people of the United States, they cordially con-
gratulate the Cortes and people of Spain upon the
event so auspicious of the future progress, liberty,
and welfare of all the inhabitants of the Spanish
dominions.
And be it further resolved. That the President be
directed to communicate a copy of these resolutions
to the Spanish (Government.
Mr. EDMONDS. I ask that the joint reso-
lution may be put upon its passage if there be
no objection.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I think the
resolution had better lie over until we receive
more definite intelligence of a settled state of
affairs in Spain.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I think so too.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be printed and placed on the Calendar.
Mr. STEVENSON. I suggest that the reso-
lution should go to the Committee on Foreign
Relations*
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to the reference.
Let it lie ever and be printed.
Mr. STEVENSON. If it is printed that
will do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will not be referred, but will be printed.
RESTRICTIVE RULE.
^Mr. ANTHONY. I offer a resolution for
the expedition of business. I do not know
that all the Senators are aware so well as some
of the heads of the various committees are, as
I am informed, of the imminence of a special
session from the failure to transact business
necessary to the administration of the Govern-
ment ; and in my judgment the bills that are
necessary to carry on the Government cannot
be passed unless there be some resolution like
the one which we adopted at the last session.
I offer the following resolution :
Resolved. That during the present session it shall
be in order at any time to move a recess; and, pend-
ing an appropriation bill, to move to confine debate
on amendments thereto to five minutes by any Sen-
ator on the pending motion; and such motions shall
be decided without debate; and no amendment to
any such bill making legislative provisions other
than such as direotly relate to the appropriations
contained in the bill shall be received. Andtno
special order shall be made during this session,. ■
Mr. STOCKTON. I regret very much to
object to the present consideration of any-
thing that my friend from Rhode Island would
like to have considered at once; but this is
the first time I have heard the resolution read
and the first time that many of us on this side
of the Chamber have been made aware that
such a resolution would be offered, and I feel
it my duty to ask, if I have the power, that it
lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. One objection carries it
oven, of course.
* Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, I ask, for the
information of the Senate, whether that is
identical with the resolution of last year?
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe it is in totidem
verbis, with the exception of the last clause
that no special order shall be made.>
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tbe resolution
will lie over at the request of the Senator from
New Jersey.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move thatitbe printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I give notice that I shall
attempt to call up the resolution to-morrow
immediately after the close of the morning
business.
hour op meeting.
Mr. HAMLIN. I submit the following reso-
lution ; which I will call up to-morrow:
Resolved, That on and after Monday, the 17th
instant, the hour of meeting of the Senate shall be
at eleven o'clock a. m. until otherwise ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over.
TIIE CALENDAR.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President 
Mr. POMEROY. Some weeks ago, during
the morning hour, a bill for the relief" of the
settlers on the Cherokee neutral lands in Kan-
sas was taken up, debated, and passed to its
third reading, and was then cut off by the
expiration of the morning hour. This is a
matter relating to some very poor settlers in
my State, and I ask that we may now proceed
to consider the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri rose, but the Chair did not
recognize him because he supposed the Sen-
ator , from Kansas rose to present morning
business.
Mr. BLAIR. I rose to ask unanimous con-
sent to take up a bill.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill has been con-
sidered but not voted upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business having concluded, the Calendar, un-
der the Anthony rule, is now before the Senate,
pending which the Senator from Kansas moves
to postpone the Calendar for the purpose of
considering the bill indicated by him.
Mr. POMEROY. Let the Calendar be laid
aside informally ; that is all I ask.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object simply to pro-
mote the public business. A majority can
take up the bill, of course, if fchcy wish.
Mr. STEWART. I suggest to the Senator
from Kansas that he get his bill placed on the
Calendar near the head of it.
Mr. POMEROY. It was passed over in-
formally on the Calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
its being put on the Calendar at any place the
Senator desires.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is now
on the Calendar. When a bill is being con-
sidered and is cut off by the arrival of one
o'clock aud passed over, it goes back ou the
Calendar.
Mr. POMEROY. Then let us proceed with
the Calendar and with this bill.
Mr. POOL. There are four bills upon the
Calendar which were passed over before I got
here, in my absence. I ask to have them
transferred to the foot of the Calendar, so that
they may be reached in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from North Carolina states that four bills from
the committee of which he is chairman were
passed over in his absence, under the Anthony
rale, and he asks that they be replaced on the
Calendar where they can again be considered
under that rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Put them at the foot, as
if they were reported now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be so ordered, and they will
be placed at the foot of the present Calendar.
It is so ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that the bill to
which I have alluded be taken up as from the
Calendar, being on the Calendar, Senate bill
No. 1257, and that we proceed with the Cal-
endar and this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas moves that the Calendar be post-
