1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
tioiis to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, and for
other purposes.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3351)
making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending June 30, 1874, and for
other purposes ; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. HALE. I move that this bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, be ordered to be printed,
and made a special order for Saturday next
after the morning hour, and from day to day
until disposed of.
Mr. HOLMAN and Mr. FARNSWORJH
reserved the right to make appropriate points
of order upon the bill.
There being no objection, the motion of Mr.
Hale was agreed to.
order op business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins at eleven minutes before one o'clock,
a< d reports are in order from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
claims of insurance companies.
Mr. WOOD, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it pass, the bill (H. R. No.
3132) to authorize the Attorney General to
examine into the claims of certain insurance
companies for losses, &c.
The bill, which was read, directs the Attor-
ney General to examine the claims of the
Sun Mutual Insurance Company, the Mer-
cantile Insurance Company, and the New
York Insurance Company, of the city of New
York, and the China Mutual Insurance Com-
pany, of the city of Boston, against the Chinese
Government, for loss sustained on account
of the capture of the bark called the Caldera,
in the year 1854; and, if in his opinion the
claim ought to be paid, he is authorized and
instructed to order the same to be paid, with
the same rate of interest allowed on other
claims, from the time of such loss, out of the
fun'is received from the Chinese Government,
under the treaty of 1858, for the payment of
losses sustained by American citizens. The
amount which may be found due them is to be
paid to the aforesaid insurance companies, or
any person duly authorized to be their agent
or attorney, from the said fund ; and the decis-
ion of the Attorney General as to the right of
the claimants to be paid, as to the amount to
be paid, and as to the parties entitled to
receive the same, is to be final and conclusive.
Mr. SARGENT. I raise the point of order
that this bill, containing an appropriation,
should receive its first consideration in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. WOOD. Will the Chair hear a word
from me before he determines that point?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will pro-
ceed.
Mr. WOOD. This money has never gone
into the Treasury of the United States. It is
the Chinese indemnity fund, which 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman need not
argue the point further. The Chair overrules I
the point of order. The bill does not propose :
to take money out of the Treasury of the
United States. J
Mr. WOOD. I yield to the gentleman from !
Vermont, [Mr. willard,] who wishes to offer
an amendment.
Mr. WILLARD. I move to amend the bill
by inserting after the words " city of Boston "
the words "and owners of cargo of the Cal-
dera." There are other parties interested who
stand in the same position in respect to this
fund as the insurance companies named in the
bill. It is proper that all parties interested
should have the benefit of this proceeding.
Mr. WOOD. The committee consent to this
amendment, and I think there will be no objec-
tion to it.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the amendment will be incorporated in the
bill. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. WOOD. I will state briefly the origin
and nature of this claim. The underwriters
named in this bill issued policies of insurance
to the amount of some seventy-five or eighty
thousand dollars against the bark Caldera to
make a voyage from Hong Kong, in China, to
San Francisco, in 1854. Soon after leaving
the port of Hong Kong by stress of weather
this vessel was forced into a contiguous port
in China, where she was boarded by armed
men. She was plundered of her cargo. She
was scuttled and burned, rendering her a total
loss. The owners of the vessel and cargo had
their reclamation on the underwriters who had
issued policies of insurance. These several
companies paid the full and total amount of
the loss which thus accrued. They then, as
they deemed it to be their duty, made a de-
mand on the Chinese Government through the
Government of the United States in the way
of a claim against the Chinese Government
for the payment of this loss which has thus
accrued to them. Our Government presented
this claim to the Chinese Government, and
there having been other claims of a much
greater magnitude which had run through a
period of many years, the question was finally
determined and the Chinese Government recog-
nized the validity of those claims, and paid to
the Government of the United States in behalf
of those claims on the part of United States
citizens against China 500,000 taels, being
$750,000 of our money in gold. That money
went into the hinds of the Secretary of State.
It went in to the State Department and is known
as the Chinese indemnity fund, which was
given voluntarily by the Chinese Government
as a fund against which American citizens
might claim and be paid for losses which they
had suffered in consequence of acts of the Chi-
nese Government or its citizens.
Now, there was a treaty made between the
two Uovernments of China and of the United
States, in which an acquittal was granted on
either side as to reclamations for claims against
each other. In pursuance of that treaty a
commission was appointed, which sat in Can-
ton, for the purpose of investigating all of these
claims. The resu.i, was an award was made
out of the fund by this commission to pay in
part many of the claimants. Several were left
unprovided for. Under the peculiar circum-
stances, as shown by the testimony bearing on
this case, the question of how it should be
determined was sent back to this Government.
It came before us to decide as to whether these
claimants had or had not any claim upon this
Chinese indemnity fund. Those companies
have presented themselves to Congress and
asked us to order the payment out of that
fund. A great deal of confusion having arisen
in the matter, we have not felt authorized to
decide as to the legality of the fund being re-
sponsible for any additional compensation to
these parties. Therefore we have reported
the bill which has been read by the Clerk,
which provides that the Attorney General of
the United States should be requested to in-
vestigate these claims, and whether, in his
judgment, they ought to be paid out of this
fund. It further provides that they shall be
so paid if he so decides; but if in his judg-
ment they are not valid and just claims, then
these parties are not to be paid.
Mr. HOLMAN. I should like to ask the
gentleman from New York a question: whether
he does not think this is the proper time when
whatever is left of this Chinese indemnity fund
should be turned over to be covered into the
Treasury of the United States?
Mr. WOOD. I do not undertake to decide
the question. 1 am merely here as the organ
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs to report
this bill. My duty is confined simply to mak-
ing the report and stating the reasons which
governed the committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I have listened with deep interest to the state-
ment of the gentleman from New York, not
because of the importance of this bill itself,
but because it discusses the principle which
this House will be called upon to discuss in a
broad way before many days, in perhaps two
cases pending before us. The question, as I
understand the gentleman to have stated it, is
simply this: whether when a gross sum is paid
t.0 our Government from another Government
in consequence of damages, and we hold that
sum for distribution to claimants, insurers
who insured persons from loss and paid the
insurance can come in and, under what is
called the law of subrogation, stand in the
place of the original claimants. That is the
case in the French spoliation bill. As stated
in another place, nearly one half of the claims
for French spoliations comes under the head
of insurers. And in the Alabama claims, as
regards the fifteen and a half millions which
have been awarded in a gross sum, and which
will soon be in the hands of the United States
for distribution, a very large portion of that
whole sum will be claimed by the insurance
companies in this country.
Now the question, and the sole question,
raised in the bill which the gentleman from
New York has now before the House is that
very right. And I wish to say one word about
that right here, occupying as little as possible
of the time of the gentleman from New York,
in order to attract, if I can, the attention of
Congress to the magnitude of the question we
are here discussing.
Mr. WILLARD. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a suggestion?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. WILLARD. I suggest that the differ-
ence between this case and the case the gen-
tleman from Ohio refers to is this: as I under-
stand, in this case the insurance companies
had no enhanced premium on account of any
war risks. It was their ordinary and usual
premium, and therefore their loss was an abso-
] lute loss for which they have had no return
| Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is for this
j risk, nevertheless, that they ask to be remun-
! erated. I understand it to be the settled rule
of municipal law, well decided by our courts,
that in case of loss by fire or any other risk
covered by insurance, the insurers do come in
under the law of subrogation, and stand in the
place of the claimants. But the question with
me is, and it is one I think which the House
needs to discuss with great care, whether that
same rule applies to a state of war or quasi
war between two independent Powers; whether
the principle of subrogation of insurers comes
in there under that broader application of the
laws of nations and holds, as it does hold, in
our municipal courts.
Now, if this bill will simply help us to a
decision of that whole question, very well.
But if there is anything in this bill that com-
mits the opinion of the House, on either the one
side or the other of that question, I shall very
earnestly urge the gentleman from New York
to allow it to stand over a day, or for several
days, if he pleases, when we may have an elab-
orate and careful discussion. I therefore wish
to ask the gentleman whether this bill does in
any way commit the Congress to either side of
that question ?
Mr. WOOD. In the first place, while I
appreciate fully the point raised by the gentle-
man from Ohio, and while I know that it will
require to be fully discussed when that ques-
tion shall come up, as it will come up, before
we appropriate money under the treaty of
Washington with reference to the Albania
claims, 1 can see no analogy between the cases.
That question, sir, arises trom the case of war.
The claims of the underwi iters against the
Alabama fund arise out of circumstances en-
