1346
THE COJSTGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
poned for the purpose of considering the bill
(S. No. 1257) for the relief of settlers on the
Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas.
Mr. POMBROY. No; this bill is on the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is true;
but, the Calendar, under the Anthony rule,
must be taken up in its order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest that the Sen-
ator from Kansas have leave to put his bill at
the foot, where the others were put.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kansas consent to that or not?
Mr. POMEROY. I will consent that ittake
its place on the Calendar at the foot of the
Calender as now printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill alluded to by the Senator
from Kansas will be placed at the foot of the
Calendar as now printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It ought to go as the
others went, at the foot of the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
regard that as agreed to, and the bill will be
pjaced at the foot of the Calendar. The first
bill on the Calendar at the point where it
is now resumed is the bill (H. R. No. 2312)
to revise, consolidate, and amend the laws
relating to pensions.
Mr. BLAIR. I rise to make the same
request in regard to a bill on the Calendar that
was passed over during my absence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri asks that a bill which was passed
over during his absence be placed at the foot
ol the Calendar, so that it can be reached
under the Anthony rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the bill?
Mr. BLAIR. It is House bill No. 2902, for
the relief of the estates* of Abel Gilbert and
William Gerrish, late copartners in business
under the style of Gilbert & Gerrish.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That bill will be
placed at the foot of the Calendar.
Mr. WEST. I make a similar request in
reference to Senate bill No. 1156, which was
passed over on the Calendar because there was
no information in regard to it at the time it
was reached. It is a bill reported by my col-
league at the last session. I move thai that bill
be put at the foot of the Calendar.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I must
object. I hope that when we get through the
Calendar we shall then return to it again.
^e VICK PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland objects.
Mr. WEST. Why not object in the other
The VICE PRESIDENT. These other
cases have been where a Senator stated he was
absent when the bill was reached.
Mr.^ WEST. So the Senator who presented
this bill was absent when it was rcached.
tiie p1snsion laws.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (EL R.
No. 2312) to revise, consolidate, and amend
the laws relating to pensions. ^
The first amendment of the Committee on
.Tensions was in section one, line fifty-seven,
alter the word "garrison," to insert "or en
route by direction of competent authoritv to
some post, fort, or garrison;" so that the pro-
viso will read:
rjF™*? pers<Jn shall be entitled to a pension by
L °- in^y received or disease con-
onnnt tn ?hl ^fh ^viee f0S t1he-,Slited State« subse-
quent to the 27th day of July, 1868. unless the nerson
who was wounded or contracted the disease was in
the lino of duty; and, if in the military service was
at the time actually in the field, or on the Jarch7or
atsurnc post, tort, or garrison, or en route by direc-
gard.°onCOmPetenfc authority tp S0I e Post, fort/or
The amendment was agreed to.
Ihe next amendment was in section two,
line twenty-six, to strike out the words " other
persons7' and insert the words "enlisted
men.'}
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion three of the bill in the following words:
That the pension for permanent specific disabili-
ties, and others of equivalent severity, shall, during
continuance in the degree specified, be as follows,
nam'ely: the loss of both hands, or total disability
of the same; the loss of the sight of both eyes; or
the loss of the sight of one eye, the sight of the
other eye having previously been lost; the loss of
both feet, or total disability of the same, or other
total disability rendering the person utterly help-
less, or so nearly so as to require the aid and attend-
ance of another person, forty dollars per month; the
loss of a hand and foot, tor total disability of the
same; or total disability, incapacitating for the per-
formance of any manual labor, but not such as to
require personal aid and attendance, thirty dol-
lars per month; the loss of a hand or foot, or total
disability of the same, or any disability rendering
the inability to perform manual labor equivalent to
the loss of a hand or foot, twenty dollars per month;
and the loss of the hearing of both ears, or any dis-
ability to a degree for which there is no other provis-
ion in this act, shall be entitled to a pension of
thirteen dollars per month: Provided, That the
pension for the loss of both feet, both hands, or the
sight of both eyes, shall not commence prior to the
4th day of July, 1864; that the pension for the loss of
one foot and one hand shall not commence prior to
the 3d day of March 1865; and that the pension for
any other disability herein designated shall not com-
mence prior to the 6th day of June, 1866; and that
the pension for loss of hearing of both ears, or other
equivalent disability, shall not commence prior to
the approval of this act: Provided further, That
any commissioned officer shall receive as much pen-
sion for the specific disability herein provided for as
a private disabled in like manner: And -provided
further, That in no case shall the additional increase
of pension provided for in thissection take effect
prior to the passage of this act.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
That for the period commencing July 4, 1864,
and ending Juno 3, 1872, those persons entitled to
a less pension than hereinafter-mentioned who shall
have lost both feet in the military or naval service
and in the line of duty, shall be entitled to a pen-
sion of twenty dollars per month; for the same
period those persons who, under like circumstances,
shall have lost both hands or the sight of both eye3,
shall be entitled to a pension of twenty-five dollars
per month ; and for the period commencing March
3, 1865, and ending June 3, 1872, those persons
who, under like circumstances, shall have lost one
hand and one foot, shall be entitled to a pension of
twenty dollars per month ; and for the period com-
mencing June 6, 1866, and ending June 3, 1872,
those persons who, under like circumstances, shall
have lost one hand or foot, shall bo entitled to a pen-
sion of fifteen dollars por month; and for the period
commencing June 6, 1866, and ending June 3,
1872, those persons entitled to a less pension than
hereinafter mentioned, who, hy reason of injury re-
ceived or disease contracted in the military or naval
service of the United States and in the line of duty,
shall have been permanently and totally disabled in
both hands, or who shall have lost the sight of one
eye, the other having been previously lost, or who
shall have beenotherwiseso totally and permanently
disabled as to render them utterly helpless, or so
nearly so as to require constant personal aid and
attendance of another person, shall be entitled to a
pension of twenty-five dollars per month; and for the
same period those who, under like circumstances,
shall have been totally and permanently disabled
m both feet, or in one hand and one foot, or other-
wise so disabled as to be incapacitated for the per-
formance of any manual labor, but not so much as
to require constant personal aid and attention, shall
be entitled to a pension of twenty dollars per month ;
and for the same period all persons who, under like
circumstances, shall have been totally and perma-
nently disabled in ono hand, or one foot, or other-
wise so disabled as to render their inability to per-
forin manual labor equivalent to the loss of a hand
or foot, shall be entitled to a pension of fifteen dol-
lars per month.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as section
four the following:
Sec. 4. That from and after June 4,1872, all persons
entitled by law to a less pension than hereinafter
specified, who, while in the military or naval service
oi the United States, and in line of duty, shall have
lost the sight of both eyes, or shall have lost the
sight of one eye, the sight of the other eye having
been previously lost, or shall have lost both hands,
or shall have lost both feet, or been permanently
and totally disabled in tire same, or otherwise so
permanently and totally disabled as to render them
utterly helpless, or so nearly so as to require the
constant personal aid and attendance of another
person, shall be entitled to a pension of 831 25 per
month; and all persons who, under like circum-
stances, shall have lost one hand and one foot, or
been totally and permanently disabled in the same,
or otherwise so disabled as to be incapacitated for
performing any manual labor, but' not so much as
to require constant personal aid and attendance,
shall be entitled to a pension of twenty-four dollars
per month; and all persons who, under like circum-
stances, shall have lost one hand, or one foot, or
been totally or permanently disabled in the same
or otherwise so disabled as to render their incapacity
to perform manual labor equivalent to the loss of a
hand or foot, shall be entitled to a pension of eight-
een dollars per month; and all persons who, under
like circumstances, shall have lost the hearing of
both oars, shall be entitled to a pension of thirteen
dollars per month: Provided, That the pension for
a disability not permanent, equivalent in degree to
any provided for in this section, shall, during the
continuances of the disability in such degree, be at
the same rate as that herein provided for a perma-
nent disability of like degree: Provided further,
ihat, except in cases of permanent specific disabili-
ties, no increase of pension shall be allowed to com-
mence prior to the date of the examining surgeon's
certificate recommending the same; and that in this,
as well as all other cases, the certificate of an exam-
ining surgeon, or of a board of examining surgeons,
shall be subject to the approval of the Commissioner
of Pensions.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as sec-
tion five the following:
Sec. 5. That the rate of eighteen dollars per month
may be proportionally divided for any degree of dis-
ability established for which the second section of
this act makes no provision.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [ten]
twelve, line nine, after the word u same " to
insert the words 6i or on presentation of satis-
factory evidence thereof to the Comm'ssioner
of Pensions so that the section willread :
That if any person has died, or shall hereafter die,
leaving a widow entitled to a pension by reason of
his death, and a child or children under sixteen
years, of age by such widow, and it shall be duly
certified under the seal by any court having probate
jurisdiction that satisfactory evidence has been pro-
duced before such court upon due notice to the widow
that the widow aforesaid has abandoned the care of
such child or children, or tnat she is an unsuitable
person, by reason of immoral conduct, to have the
custody of the same, or on presentation of satisfac-
tory evidence thereof to the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, then no pension shall be allowed to such widow
until such child or children shall have attained the
age of sixteen years, any provisions of this act, or
of any previous act,, to the contrary notwithstand-
ing ; and the said child or children aforesaid shall be
pensioned in the same manner, and from the same
date, as if no widow had survived such person, and
such pension shall be paid to the guardian of such
child or children: Provided, That if in any case
payment of pension shall have been made to the
widow, the pension to the child or children shall
commence from the date to which her pension has
been paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [eleven]
thirteen, line thirty-six, to strike out the words
"or intended" before the word "contribu-
tions."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [eleven]
thirteen, lines forty-four to fifty-two, to strike
out the following proviso :
Provided, That when minors have heretofore been
pensioned by reason of any provision of law then in
force, on acoount of the service and death of a
brother upon whom they were dependent for sup-
port, upon their attaining the age of sixteen years,
or upon their death, the dependent father shall be-
come entitled to the pension from thodate at which
their title ceased, if his claim be filed within live
years from said date; otherwise, from the completion
of the testimony.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [twelve]
fourteen, line six, to strike out the word " se-
curing" and insert the word "having."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [twelve]
fourteen, to strike out the following proviso
at the end of the section:
Provided, however. That the applicant is a widow
at the time of making the claim, and furnishes sat-
isfactory evidence to the Commissioner of Pensions
that she is in indigent circumstances: Provided,
Such party shall not receive pension during covert-
ure, or during the minority of any child or children
of the soldier entitled.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 23, to
strike out section [twenty-two] twenty-four,
in the following words :
That no pension claim heretofore filed, or which
may hereafter be filed, unless the same slull have
