382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
tirelv foreign and distinct from a transaction
of 'he kind which enables these underwriters
to claim here.
I'his was a mercantile loss, just as if the
ves>el had sunk at sea in a gale of wind. The
underwriters had issued their policies of iusur-
auce. The individuals who held them claimed
the amount, and, the underwriters being re-
sponsible, responded and paid the money.
But in the Alabama case a question of another
character arises, one which I apprehend will
require the services of the ablest lawyers at-
tached to this Government to determine, be-
cause it is an eutirely novel question in the
jurisprudence of international law.
But suppose the view of the gentleman from
Ohio is correct, suppose there is some connec-
tion between a determination of this claim and
a determination of the other claim, which is
soon to come before us, is it not right for us in
the circumstances to have the opinion of the
law officer of the Government on this question ?
Will not the passage of this bill enable the
Attorney General virtually, by direction of Con-
gress, to investigate the principle iuvolved?
And will it not be of some service to Congress,
when we shall reach and investigate aud dis-
cuss and pass upon the other question, to have
the opinion of the Attorney General upon the
subject presented in this bill? It does appear
to me, that instead of being a reason why he
should wish to postpone or object to the
passage ot' the bill, the view taken by the gen-
tleraau trom Ohio was of such a character as
to justily its passage. As regards delaying the
bill, why should it be delayed? It is simply
directing an officer to investigate—the law
uthcer of the Government, in whom we all have
confidence Though not of my political party,
he h> a gentleman whose legai knowledge and
official position entitle his official action to
respect and consideration, aud we are willing
to leave to him this question.
Mr. HOLM AN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New York a question. Are we to
understand that this bill simply authorizes the
proper officer of the Government to inquire
into the law of the case, or is he to inquire
into matters of fact also?
Mr. WOOD. The law of the case and the
whole case.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I wish to make
an inquiry ot the gentleman from New York.
What is the amount claimed by these insur-
ance companies and by the other parties?
Mr. WOOD. 1 do uot know as to the other
parties. The gentleman fiom Vermont [Mr.
Willard] can probably answer that question, j
as that provision was inserted on his motion. '
The underwriters only claim $80,000. There
is half a million dollars of the fund left, and 1
will state just here that the Chinese Govern-
ment have refused to receive it back again.
They have said, "We paid this money to the
Government of the United States to respond
to any claims against us," and here are claims
which are just and equitable.
Mr. SI ARKWEATHER. I will ask the
gentleman trom Vermont how muchthe claims
will amount to ?
Mr. WILLARD. I cannot answer for the
insurance companies.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The gentleman
from New York has already stated that this
claim amounts to $30,000.
Mr. WiLLAliD. The claimants in the
case of the Caldera, which is provided for by
my amendment, were allowed, I think, by the
commissioners something like $7,000, which
was forty per cent, of the actual loss, so that
if their entire loss had been allowed it would
have amounted to $20,000, leaving twelve or
thirteen thousand dollars to be allowed under
this bill if the Attorney General shall determ-
ine, on a reexamination of the case, that it is
justly their due.
Mr. WOOD. I now ask the previous ques-
tion.
ilr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
gentleman will allow the matter of interest to
be a matter for adjudication as well as other
questions. The bill as it. stands seems to
settle the question of interest peremptorily.
Mr. 1IOLMAN. It seems to settle the ques-
tion of law, too.
Mr. WOOD. I understand that the Attor-
ney General is empowered to settle everything.
The gentleman probably forgets that in the
case of the Neva, passed by the last Congress,
precisely the same provision was adopted.
That bill passed both Houses unanimously, and
the claim was examined by the then Attorney
General, Mr. Evarts, and was paid.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If we are going
to submit the question of law to the Attorney
General, let us submit the whole matter, and
not only a part.
Mr. WOOD. I understand that the bill does
that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If a case was sub-
mitted to Attorney General Evarts and de-
cided by him which was precisely like this,
what is the necessity of sending another case
to his successor in office? Why cannot Con-
gress as well determine to pay this claim if the
Attorney General has already decided the prin-
ciple ?
Mr. WOOD. Each case stands upon its
peculiar ground.
Mr. AMBLER. It is a question of fact
entirely. In the case provided for by the gen-
tleman from Vermont only forty per cent, of
the claim was allowed. The reason why only
forty per cent, was allowed was because the
commission found that when the act of piracy
was committed the cargo had been damaged
by stress of weather.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The cargo was de-
preciated.
Mr. AMBLER. They claim that in point
of fact there was no injury to the cargo; they
offered evidence that perhaps tends to show
that, and the only question in the case is this : as
a question of fact, did the commissioners make
a mistake in supposing that the cargo was
damaged? That is all that is left to the Attor-
ney General.
Mr. WILLARD. I ask thai the word " any "
may be inserted before the word "owners" in
my amendment, in order to make it more
satisfactory.
No objection was made; and the amendment
was agreed to accordingly.
Mr. WILLARD. My friend from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hooper] suggests another amend-
ment which should be made, in the clause which
reads "and that the amount which may be
found due them be paid to the aforesaid in-
surance companies." After the word "com-
panies" the words "and others" should be in-
serted.
No objection was made; and the amendment
was accordingly agreed to.
The previous question was then seconded
and the main question ordered.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and tead a third time.
Mr. WOOD. I now yield to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] for five minutes.
Mr. KERR. I am afraid that if we pass
this bill we may do mischief. I am apprehen-
sive that the point made by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is well taken, and
that this bill will, in legal effect, really have
direct application in its results to the other
pending questions now before the House. I
think, therefore, that this bill should not be
disposed of without the most thorough con- i
sideration on the part of the House upon the '
one question which is involved in this bill as
much as in the other bills. The question to
be decided here is not a question of fact
merely, but it is a question of law, as to whether
if there has been sustained any loss at all,
these parties have any legal or equitable claim
upon this fund.
Mr. AMBLER. That question was disposed
of by the commission j when they allowed
forty per cent, of the claim they disposed of
any question whether it was properly a claim
on that fund. They allowed forty per cent,
because they determined that the cargo hud
been injured by the bad weather which drove
them into the port where the act of piracy
occurred. The only question that is left, as I
understand, is a question of fact.
Mr. KERR. It there is no questioi but one
of fact to be decided by the Attorney General,
I insist that this bill is still more objectionable
on that ground. That question of fact should
not be referred to the Attorney General for
judicial determination ; such questions belong
to Congress or to the courts. I think the bill,
on that ground, is more objectionable, if pos-
sible, than upon the other. That question
should be determined here by the Congress of
th  United States, whether there is any just
claim against this fund in favor of any of these
parties.
Mr. AMBLER. I agree with the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] that it is not the
best kind of tribunal; but I thought it a better
one than this House.
Mr. KERR. The Attorney General is not
a court. He cannot summon witnesses before
him ; he cannot investigate a case like this in
a truly and properly judicial manner. It is
extraordinary, to say the least about it; it is
a dangerous way of disposing of questions of
' this kind. I insist that the House is as com-
petent to determine the merits that there may
be in this case as is the Attorney General.
As it is a matter that pertains to the ordinary
legislation of the country, and especially to
our duties here, we ought not to attempt to
shift it in this way from our shoulders and to
transfer it to a Department of the Government.
I think that upon every question that has so
far been presented upon the face of this bill
it should not be passed by this House. We
ought at least to have the facts reported to the
House, so that the House itself may consider
those facts.
If these persons are entitled to recover any-
thing beyond what the commission has already
awarded to them, there has been evidence
made of their right so to recover, and that evi-
dence is of record somewhere. Why can it
not be brought before the House, so that we
can examine it for ourselves here as well as
, the Attorney General can? If it is attempted,
: under the cover of this little bill, to secure a
decision which shall bear directly upon claims
of other parties under other bills, I submit
that it does not become the House to pass
upon such a question in this way. I beg leave
to say that in this allusion I entirely acquit
the committee that presented this bill of any
such purpose; but I fear such a result will fol-
low the proposed action of the House upon
this bill.
Mr. WOOD. I am somewhat surprised at
the position taken by the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Kerr,] who, with all his astute-
ness, appears to have an organic disposi-
tion to doubt everything and everybody. The
Committee on Foreign Affairs have investi-
gated this claim for two years. They have
had before them the testimony ; they have had
before them the agents and officers of these
underwriters ; and they have reached a unani-
mous decision upon the merits of this claim,
i While in my judgment the committee would
j have been justified in reporting a bill ordering
the payment of the money, they were fearful
that the gentleman from Indiana and other
gentlemen would oppose it upon the ground
that we had no right to constitute ourselves a
court to carry on such an investigation ; and
the next best thing we could do was to provide
for ordering an investigation—by whom ? By
the chief law officer of the Government of the
United States, who has authority to call wit-
nesses before him and take testimony in this
case; who, notwithstanding the opinion of my
learned friend from Indiana, can for this pur-
pose, when directed by the Congress of the
