1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
United States, resolve himself into a court of
ndi ..iication, investigation, and determination,
under the authority of this bill, if it should
Now, sir, alter a committee of this House
have for years patiently investigated a case, j
af*er they have spent ample time in investiga-
tion, deliberation, and examination, and have
agreed upon the most harmless bill that can
possibly be reported to the House, we are met
with these objections. The gentleman from
Indiana sees in this bill something that may
affect another question which he has been
studying with reference to the Alabama case.
I can see no such thing. I have no doubt
that I shall act with the gentleman in refer-
ence to the disposition of the Alabama fund
when that case comes before the House. But
the bill now before us is a perfectly harmless
measure, providing for the payment of men
who have been kept for years out of money to
which they are justly, legally, and honorably
entitled—money which does not come out of
the taxpayers of the country, which does
uot come out of the Treasury of the United
States, which does come out of a fund of over
$400,000 lying idle in the State Department.
I say it will be wrong and unjust and cruel
to deprive these claimants any longer of the
compensation to which they are entitled.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems that this claim
has once been adjudicated by a commission.
Will the gentlemen state whether it is pre-
tended that there are any different facts from
those which were considered by that commis-
sion?
Mr. WOOD. Yes, sir. The commission
which sat in China to determine this case
withheld a portion of this claim because the
testimony necessary for the adjudication could
only be obtained in the United States. They
recognized the legal principle ; they decided
that there was a claim ; but when they came
to make their award, it was found that certain
testimony with reference to the amount of
damage which had been incurred couid only
be obtained in the United States. That point
was therefore reserved ; and it is that which
we now desire the Attorney General to pass
upon. I hope this bill will meet the approval
of the House.
Mr. L. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, we received
from the Chinese Government under the con-
vention signed November 8, 1858, a large
amount of money to pay the claims of Amer-
ican citizens upon that Government, said money
being known as the Chinese indemnity fund.
Under award of commissioners since appointed
our citizens who have made claim have been
paid forty per cent, of the amount. Upon a
petition presented to Congress, the proper com-
mittee has found that such allowance upon
the claim for pillage by the Chinese of the
cargo of the bark Caldera was too small;
that in the investigation already had all the
facts were not at hand, and the whole truth
in favor of the claimants was not made to
appear. We report to this House that in this
case the claimants are fairly entitled to a much
larger gum than has already been allowed, but
not having agreed upon the amount, nor desir-
ing to enter fully into the question of figures,
we propoge to Tefer the ascertainment of actual
loss to the Attorney General upon testimony
to be produced to him. The reference to
this officer is reported because in a like case, j
which has been mentioned, a similar disposition J
was made, and no other official will, in the
very nature of his duties, be better qualified to [
silt this testimony. Now, that is the whole
case. There is no question of law to be ;
referred to him such as has been stated. i
Mr. DICKEY. But is it not true thatthere 1
is referred to the Attorney General by this biil
what will bear upon the legal question involved !
in the payment of the $15,000,000 of the :
Alabama claims. |
Mr. L. MYERS. I do not so understand |
it, and I have risen for the purpose of dis- j
avowing the idea that any question of law
of this charactcr enters at all into this case,
or can come before the Attorney General
under this bill. I wish to say further that for
one I hope we shall not refer any such question
to the Attorney General for his advice to Con-
gress upon it. A few days since, in the dis-
cussion of the French spoliation bill, some
Senators doubted whether the insurance com-
panies having received, as it was alleged, large
war premiums should receive any part of the
sums which this country owes to its citizens
on account of our settlement with France of
the claims for spoliations upon their property.
Because such a question arose there, it is
thought, when a claim is made by an insurance
company to be paid out of this fund, a ques-
tion of subrogation also arises which may have
an important bearing on the distribution of
money received under our treaties. I have
said such is not the case now, and when the
case does arise, such question, underany treaty,
if referred at all to any law officer of the
United States, should be to guide the distribu-
tion in regular course of law and not to govern
Congress in settling rules of payment. Under
no treaty we have had has subrogation been re-
fused to insurance companies, but under every
principle of law and equity and morality they
have been uniformly determined to be entitled
to be paid their share of the losses suffered by
them. And this is the first time, I believe, in
the history of the Government that this grave
question, as my friend from Ohio [Mr. Gab-
field] terms it, has been made against them.
Under the Jay treaty, under the Florida treaty
of 1819, under the French treaty of 1831, in-
deed, under all the treaties upon which indem-
nities for spoliations were paid to us, the in-
surance companies, notwithstanding their war
premiums, which generally were more than
counterbalanced by their losses, have received
their justshare of what underthelaw they were
subrogated to. No such instance, I say, has
ever arisen ; but should it arise, and I think it
may arise in the discussion of the French spo-
liation claims, and particularly, perhaps, under
the Washington treaty, in reference to which
the objection seems specially to be aimed, why
then let us in Congress discuss the matter
without seeking legal advice from the Attorney
! General to govern our decision. If Congress is
to decide, then we should have the judicial
I ability to decide it. The proper way is to let
! any fund paid to us under treaty have distribu-
tion in accordance with the well-settled prin-
ciples of law ; and I trust no proviso will be
put on the French spoliation biil to divert pay-
ment from any party justly entitled, and who,
but for the insertion of the new principle con-
tended for by some, would receive an equal
share with others. After what has been said
! on this subject, I do not feel willing to let it
pass without entering my protest against any
such construction being given this bill as gen-
I tlemen have stated, or, by implication, to those
j which are to follow. This bill is entirely free
from the necessity of the opinion spoken of.
j The questions are of fact. VVTe have reported
! that we believe these parties should be paid a
| larger sum, and we provide that in the pay-
i mentthe Attorney General shall take testimony
and award the amount. That is all. Gentle-
men may relieve themselves, therefore, from
any fear that any proposition of law like that
which they have stated is to be referred to the
Attorney General for his decision.
Mr. AMBLER. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
correct, as I think, a slight inaccuracy of my
coiieague on the committee who has just taken
his seat. I do not understand that the Com- |
mittee on Foreign Affairs have decided there
is any such claim. Certainly as one member
I have not. But I do think they make a case
which entitles them to have the question of
fact determined. Therefore I am in favor of
submitting the matter to the Attorney General.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I am not
entirely clear as to what is to be referred to the ,
Attorney General. Is it a question of fact? If
so, I think the House has tribunals which can
investigate and make a proper report upon the
matter of fact. Is it a question of law upon
facts we have already found ? If so, I could
agree to it more easily. But what are those
facts? 1 do not. understand that the committee
has ready a full statement of fact upon which the
Attorney General is requested to give a legal
opinion. As nearly as 1 can guess it—and I
am obliged to say still that I only gue^s—the
Attorney General is instructed to inquire into
the facts, and having made up a statement of
facts for himself, he is on that as a judge to
give an opinion and to award a large sum of
money with interest.
Now, it seems to me that we are not making
a proper discrimination in the matter; I want
to know whether the Attorney General is a
committee in chancery or a judge, or whether
he is both, or whether he is simply the law
officer of the Government giving a legal opin-
ion for our guidance. It appears to me we are
in some of these respect, at all events, allow-
ing him to discharge functions which belong
to this House; and I would like first in this
matter to have a full report of the actual facts,
that I may exercise a part of one of my duties
in giving an opinion as to the law of the cuse.
I am not entirely ready to surrender every-
thing to the Attorney General.
Mr. WOOD. As the committee has other
business to report to the House, I will now ask
a vote on the engrossment and third reading
of the bill.
The question being put, there were—ayes 46,
noes 48 ; no quorum voting.
"The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Barber and Mr.
Wood.
Before the count was completed,
Mr. WOOD said: I do not insist on further
count, but will move to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. That motion would not,
be in order, except by unanimous consent,
unless the House should agree to reconsider
the vote on the engrossment and third reading.
Mr GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will not ob-
ject to the gentleman's proposition.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must object unless he
agree that the bill shall not be brought back
by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. WOOD. I do not consent to that.
The tellers completed the count; and re-
ported—ayes 41, noes 81.
The SPEAKER. The House having re-
fused to order that the bill be engrossed for a
third reading, it is rejected.
Mr. WOOD. 1 move thatitbe recommitted
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done
by reconsidering the vote rejecting the bill.
Mr. WOOD. Then I move to reconsider
the vote on the engrossment, with a view to
moving afterward to recommit the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Would not that allow the
bill to be brought back by a simple motion to
reconsider, which is a privileged question ?
The SPEAKER. It would, unless the
House should lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
Mr. DONNAN. I rise to a point of order.
Does not the rule require that, to entitle a
gentleman to move a reconsideration, he must
have voted on the prevailing side?
The SPEAKER. That point of order never
lies, unless where there has been a recorded
vote by yeas and nays.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The question being put on Mr. Holman's
motion, there were—ayes 46, noes 48; no
quorum voting
Mr. SARGENT. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WOOD. If the House will permit me,
I desire to say a single word, which I think
