1348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
The next amendment was to insert as sec-
tion twenty-eight the following:
Sec. 28. That the term of limitation prescribed by
sections fourteen and twenty-three of this act shall,
in pending claims of Indian^, be extended to two
years from and after the passage of this act; that all
proof which has been heretofore taken before an In-
dian agent, or before an officer of any tribe, compe-
tent according to the rules of said tribe to adminis-
ter oaths, shall be held and regarded by the Pension
Office in the examining and determining of claims
of Indians now on file, as of the same validity as if
taken before an officer recognized by the law at the
time as competent to administer oaths; that all
proof wanting in said claims hereafter, as well as in
those filed after the passage of this act, shall be taken
before the agent of the tribe to which the claimants
respectively belong; that in regard to dates, all ap-
plications of Indians now on file be treated as tho ugh
they were made before a competent officer at their
respective dates, and if found to be in all other re-
spects conclusive, they shall be allowed;. and that
Indians shall be exempted from the obligation to
take the oath to support the Constitution of the
United States, required, by the act of February 14,
1§71, providing for pensions to certain soldiers and
sailors of the war of 1812, and to widows of deceased
soldiers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [thirty-
one] twenty-nine, to strike out " $2,500" and
insert "$3,000;" so as to make the salary of
the deputy Commissioner of Pensions $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as sec-
tion thirty-six the following:
Sec. 36. That from and after July 1, 1873, the
annual salary of the following described employes
of the Pension Office shall be as herein named,
namely: The chief clerk, $2,500; the assistant chief
clerk and tho chiefs of the finance special service
1812, bounty-land, widows, invalid, and appeal
divisions, each 62,250; three reviewers of claims in
the widows, division, two reviewers of claims in
the invalid division, two reviewers of claims in the
1812 divisions, apd one reviewer of claims in the
bounty land division, each $2,000: Provided, That
this provision be not construed to increase the force
beyond the number fixed by law.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to inquire
whether that increases the salaries of the offi-
cers named?
Mr. PRATT. I believe it does slightly.
The officers employed in the Pension Office
now belong to the four different classes of
clerkships, the lowest class receiving $1,200
and the highest class $1,800. I think this
provision does increase the salaries of some
of the officers in the Pension Bureau. The
head of the office says:
"It is proposed to increase the salaries of the heads
of divisions and such other clerks as are in trusted with
tho final review of claims before tho Pension Office
subject only to the supervision of the Commissioner
of Pensions. On account of tbo period which has
elapsed since the war, the adjudication of claims in
this office requires tho cxeroise of greater care
and judgment than was formerly required. It is
thought just and proper that the compensation of
those jiorsons engaged in the adjudication of difficult
questions should be increased in proportion as the
responsibility of their positions is increased. Com-
petent persons cannot be retained on salaries less
than the amounts proposed by this seotion. Those
now occupying tho positions referred to have won
them through long experience. The heads of
divisions have from twenty-five to seventy clerks
under them. Tho same grade of officers in the
Treasury and some other Departments receive sala-
ries higher than those proposed in this section."
That is all I know on the subject. This is
a communication from the Commissioner of
Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS. I doubt the propriety of rais-
ing salaries indiscriminately, as this section
proposes. I should be in favor of a commit-
tee or a commission to take the matter in hand
and propose a geneial revision of salaries.
Perhaps some of them ought to be advanced;
but when one set of officers or clerks is ad-
vanced', another set asks it on that ground.
This is dangerous ground, I think, and per-
haps our action here will create more dissat-
isfaction than if we leave them as they are.
I hope, therefore, the amendment will not be
agreed to. It is an advance of salaries, as I
understand, in the Pension Bureau without a
general advance in the other bureaus and
Departments.
The question being put, there were on a
division—a) es 19, noes 19.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair votes
in the affirmative 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays if I am not too late.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I wish to have the
Secretary report this amendment which is
under consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the naval appropriation
bill is before the Senate. If there be no
objection, it will be informally passed over,
subject to a demand for the regular order, to
proceed with this pension bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this bill increases the
salaries in the Pension Bureau above those in
the other bureaus, it will lead to debate and
objection. I shall object myself. If the sal-
aries are not affected, I have no objection to
acting on the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the very point.
This section breaks up all the uniformity.
Mr. PRATT. There is an increase of the
salary of the Commissioner of Pensions $1,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to the Senator.
If he raises the salary question on this bill he
cannot pass it under the Anthony rule, that is
manifest. I appeal to him whether he had
not better strike out all that relates to salaries
and let the bill pass as a codification of the
pension laws.
Mr. PRATT. I much prefer doing that to
having the bill fail, undoubtedly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana, then, with the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate, withdraws the amendment,
if there is no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I withdraw the
speech I was going to make against it.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment to the pen-
sion bill, the naval appropriation bill being
informally passed over.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Pensions was in section [forty] thirty-nine,
line ten, to strike out the word "additional"
before the words "qualified surgeons."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of the
same section to add the following :
Provided, That such appointments shall not in-
crease the clerical force of said bureau.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [forty-
one] forty, line three, after the word " bienni-
ally" to strike out the words :
"In suoh newspapers as he may select, in the local-
ity of each pension agency, a list of the pensioners
payable at said agency, and the expense of said pub-
lication shall be payable out of tho general pension
fund, upon the order of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions."
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Lists of the pensioners payable at each pension
agency, together with the cause for which pension
was granted ; and the same shall be forwarded by
him to the postmasters within each such pension
district, and it is hereby made the duty of such post-
master, on the receipt of same, to place the said list
in a conspicuous plioe in the post office building,
and the expense of thepreparation and publication
ofsaid lists shall be paid out of the general pension
fund, upon the order of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. On page 11, in line twenty
of seotion [six] eight, I move to substitute the
word "provisional" for the word "enrolled
so as to read :
That the provisions of this seotion shall bo so in-
terpreted as to apply to the widows, child or children
of officers and privates of the Missouri State militia,
and the provisional Missouri militia, 4c.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. PRATT. I also propose an additional
section, on the recommendation of the Com-
missioner of Pensions:
That U'3 agent 0-" ^Uqrney or .other person instru-
mental in prosecuting any claim for pension or
bounty land shall demand or receive any other
compensation for his services in prosecuting a claim
for pension or bounty land than such as the Commis-
sioner of Pensions shall directto be paid to him, not
exceeding twenty-five dollars. And any agent or
attorney or any other person instrumental iu pros-
ecuting any claim for pension or bounty land who
shall directly or indirectly contract for, demand,
receive, or retain any greater compensation for
his services or instrumentality in prosecuting a
elaim for pension, or who shall wrongfully with-
hold from a pensioner or claimant the whole or
any part of the pension or claim allowed and
due such pensioner or claimant, or the land war-
rant issued to any such claimant, shall be deemed
guilty of a high misdemeanor, and upon convic-
tion thereof shall for every such offense be fined
not exceeding $500, or imprisoned at hard labor
not exceeding two years. Or both, at the discretion
of the court. And if any guardian naving the charge
and custody of the pension of his ward shall em-
bezzle the same in violation of his trust, or fraudu-
lently convert the same to his own use, he shall be
punished by fine not exceeding $2,000, or imprison-
ment at hard labor for a term not exceeding five
years, or both, at the discretion of the court.
I move that as a substitute for section
[thirty-three] thirty-one, on pages 30 and 31.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendments be en-
grossed, and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SHERMAN subsequently said: I wish
to move a reconsideration of the vote by which
the pension bill was passed, in order to allow
the Senator from Indiana to move an amend-
ment to it after the naval appropriation bill
shall have been disposed of that will obviate
an objection to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The motion to
reconsider will be entered.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WILSON submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(H. R. No. 3850) making appropriations for
the support ot the Army for the year ending
June 30, 1874; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
GOVERNMENT OP ARKANSAS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
sumes the consideration of the naval appro-
priation bill.
Mr. RICE. I offered a resolntion last week
requiring the Committee on Privileges and
Elections to inquire whether there was a legal
State government in the State of Arkansas.
Witnesses had been summoned here on the
question of the electoral vote. They have now
been discharged, that question having been
settled ; and I should like to have this resolu-
tion acted on now, so that the witnesses may
be retained in case the Senate concludes to
refer the question to that committee. I there-
fore move that the present and all prior orders
be postponed with a view of taking up that
resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Arkansas moves that the present order,
which is the naval appropriation bill, and all
other orders be postponed, for the purpose of
proceeding to the consideration of the resolu-
tion offered by himself a few days since refer-
ring to the Committee on Privileges and Elec-
tions the question whether there is a repub-
lican government in Arkansas.
Mr. COLE. I hope we may proceed with
the appropriation bill. It is nearly completed
now, and the question involved in the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Arkansas will lead
necessarily to a great deal of discussiou and
waste of time.
Mr, CLAYTON. I am perfectly willing
that my colleague shall get the resolution up
to-day or any otherday. I hope it will betaken
up. I should like to have it brought betose
the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I suggest that we might pass
over the apprupriation bill informally, so that
