48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
Ho. op Reps.
Refunding of Cotton. Tax—Mr. Maclnty.
re.
42r  Cong....3d Sess.
The Board of Public Works were busy de-
vising a plan of improvements, to aid them
in which they invited an advisory board, com-
posed Of Generals Meigs, Humphreys, Barnes.
Babcock, and Mr. Olmstead, of New York
city, a gentleman prominent in the develop-
ment of Central Park and the improvement
of that city.
The Legislature convened, and a plan of
improvements approved generally by the ad-
visory board was submitted, and the Governor
in his. message suggested a loan as the best
and wisest means by which to carry out the
plans of the board. At this point the Oppo-
sition organized in every part of the city
to defeat the legislation: but the law passed
July 10, 1871, authorizing a loan of $4,000,000
and the assessment against the property im-
proved $2,000,000 more. Failing to defeat the
legislation, the Opposition then resorted to the
courts, and by injunction prevented the pro-
gress of improvements as provided for by act
of July 10, making the point that the loan
was illegal without the indorsement of the peo-
ple. The injunction was granted by one of
the judges of our court, and a delay ensued
of some months before an appeal could be
heard before the court in banc. The Legisla-
ture then passed another act, August 19,1871,
submitting the question of the loan to the peo-
ple. The Opposition hoping to defeat improve-
ments before the people, opened a series of
fierce and mendacious attacks, not only upon
the wisdom of the improvements themselves,
but upon the character, private and public, of
the gentlemen composing our District govern-
ment. Under the law it was not possible to
take the vote sooner than in November fol-
lowing ; thus postponing improvements for the
summer, leaving the board only such work as
could be done under direct appropriation of
the Legislative Assembly necessarily limited
in amount,
When the question came to be voted upon
by the people there were 14,760 votes in favor
of the loan and 1,213 against it. Having thus
received an almost unanimous indorsement of
their plans, the board commenced their im-
provements, though late in the season, which
were also further interrupted byan early winter.
Immediately after the loan had been author-
ized this same Opposition sought to destroy
the credit of the District and prevent the
negotiation of its bonds. The money markets
of Europe, as well as the leading cities of our
own country, were flooded with misrepresent-
ations as to the character of the loan, denounc-
ing it as illegal, and every possible impedi-
ment was thrown in the way even after the
people had declared that the improvements
should go on and were willing that their bonds
should be given to secure them.
Congress met, and I believe on the first day
a resolution was offered in the Senate, through
the procurement of some of these factionists,
suspending the functions of our new govern-
ment, thus striking a blow at its very exist-
ence and utterly destroying its credit at home
and abroad. The purpose of this faction was
soon discovered by the Senator who offered
that resolution, and it was withdrawn. About
the same time, however, a memorial was offered
in the House of Representatives, signed by a
thousand citizens, many of whom afterward
publicly declared that they had not read the
memorial, and did not know what it contained.
This memorial called upon Congress to make
an investigation into the affairs of the District,
and charged a reckless expenditure of public
money, to the ruin of our people, and strongly
insinuated fraud on the part of our public
officers. _A protracted investigation ensued,
out of which, the District government emerged
with a favorable report of the committee
charged with the investigation. Congress, by
making appropriations to pay for improve-
ments done by the Board of Public Works
around public property, vindicated the board
upon the charges then made.
At our election last fall the board was
again put upon trial before the people, and the
issue distinctly made against them personally
as public officers, and against their plan of
improvements. The result was that out of
twenty-two members elected to the lower
House, nineteen were elected as avowed friends
of the board and the improvements as made
by them, while, I believe, no one of the other
three was chosen on a distinct -platform in
opposition to improvements. The general
ticket received a majority of over five thou-
sand. It will thus be seen that whenever the
question of improvement has been brought
before the people the Board of Public Works
have been sustained by an increasing majority.
During the fall, and siuce the board began
to issue its certificates of assessment against
property improved, this same Opposition
rallied again. Being overthrown by the votes
of the people, they resorted to the courts by
injunction, to prevent the issue of the cer-
tificates of assessment. The board was sus-
tained by the court, and the right to issue
certificates, as well as their validity, was estab-
lished. But here again, as formerly, the law's
delay embarrassed the board financially! and
the District to-day, by reason of this persistent
and almost criminal opposition, is the loser
to the extent of nearly $1,000,000.
It would be impossible for me to convey to
the House an adequate idea of the vicissitudes
that have attended the District government
since its formation. The spirit with which
some of the members of the board have been
pursued has been almost fiendish. At one
time the Opposition paper of this city, affect-
ing great influence and greater respectability,
counseled the people to take the law in their
hands and dethrone what it termed this boird
of public plunderers; and on more than one
occasion intimating that at least one member
of this board was guilty of such crithe as
would warrant a mob in hanging him at sight
to the nearest lamp-post.
Mr. Speaker, if all the imps of darkness
had devoted their sole time to the work of
obstructing the success of this new District
government since its organization, they could
not have made a more diabolical resistance
than has been made by the combination—I
may say conspiracy—I bat was formed to break
it down. Every instrumentality, noble and
ignoble; every name, good and bad ; every
influence, false and true; every person, with,
or without character, who could be misled,
cajoled, or bought, to oppose us, has been
brought into service.
But amid all this clamor and abuse the
District government has moved steadily along ;
and, with the exception of the financial embar-
rassment, caused as I have shown, which can
hardly be estimated, and infinite vexation,
trouble, and delay upon the members of the
government, ail efforts in opposition have
fallen as harmless as the gentleman's speech,
which I have reviewed.
I trust that members of this House, when
they look about them, and witness the trans-
formation, everywhere visible, from the old to
the new, will remember some of the tribula-
tions through which those gentlemen have
passed, to whom, of all others, our people and
the nation are most indebted.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I have only
this to say: that the gentleman from New
York, consciously or unconsciously, in his
speech, which I am about to dismiss, has, as I
hope, uttered the last wail of that illiberal and
senseless spirit which has brought only mis-
chief to our people.
I have no doubt that the gentleman weighed
well the result of his action, and came delib-
erately to the conclusion that, whatever effect
his course might have upon the interests of
the District of Columbia, personally he would
gain with his constituents.
I think the gentleman has made a mistake.
I do not think he can afford to rest his repu-
tation upon such an effort in such a cause.
He is about to. leave, us. The,House of
Representatives that knows him now will soon
know him no more forever.
He will be remembered at the nation's
capital as having achieved the doubtful dis-
tinction of friend and counselor to the most
uncanny lot of chronic grumblers, fogies, and
characterless people that ever hung upon,,the
skirts of enterprise of laid in wait to retard
the progress of a community.
When this grateful nation shall erect a slab
to his memory in that sanctified spot on the
Anacostia river known as the Congressional
Burying Ground, I pray that the remains of
his confidante and admirer, John H. Crane,
may be deposited under the stone, and that
on the slab there be inscribed :
Par nobilefratrwm.
In life thoy wero one;
In death they may not be parted.
Refunding of Cotton Tax.
SPEECH OP HON. A. T. MACINTYRE,
of georgia,
In the House of Representatives,
February 8, 1873,
On the several propositions to refund the cotton
tax.
Mr. MACINTYRE. Mr. Speaker, I pro-
pose to consider the propositions before the
House to refund the cotton tax. I am admon-
ished, by the action of the House on the two
several motions to suspend the rules and set a
day for the consideration of the several bills
introduced to refund this tax, that there is a
minority in this House indisposed to hear from
the friends of this measure. To such mem-
bers I would say, hear me for my cause. Ten
million people, all of them Americans, are
interested in this fund. The whole people of
eleven of these States, white and colored, are
directly interested, and they all desire that the
Representatives of the people of the United
States shall consider the questions and act in
the premises as shall seem right and proper,
after a. full investigation of the facts and the
constitutional obligations resting on the Con-
gress in relation to these questions. I desire
to be brief.
In 1864 Congress passed a law laying a tax
of two cents a pound on raw or unmanufac-
tured cotton raised in the United States. This
is the first instance in the history of this coun-
try of laying a tax on one of the agricultural
products raised in the country. In March, 1866,
another act was passed laying a tax on cotton
of three cents per pound, and in 1867 still
another tax was laid on cotton of two and a
half cents per pound. Under all these acts
large amounts of money were collected from
the producers of cotton in this country through
the internal revenue collectors of the United
btates, and the money collected transferred to
the Treasury of the United States. By the pro-
visions of these bills a drawback was allowed
on all of this cotton which might thereafter
be_ manufactured and exported of the tax so
paid. But no drawbacks were allowed on cot-
ton exported in its raw or unmanufactured
state. These laws were in force from the pass-
