384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
i ill save time. If this bill be recommitted to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, it cannot
possiblv be reached again this session, for that
committee cannot be called again this session.
Therefore the apprehension of some gentlemen
thai it may be brought back on a motion to re-
consider, iu my judgment, is of no force what-
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
the motion to recommit to be reconsidered,
and the motion to reconsider laid on the table?
Mr. WOOD. I will allow anything to be
done which will enable the bill to be recom-
mitted, and allow the committee, when called,
to report again.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair appre-
hends that there will be no objection to that.
The gentleman from New York now asks that
the bill be recommitted, and that a motion to
reconsider its recommittal be laid upon the
table so that the bill will come up in its regu-
lar order. The Chair hears no objection to
that; and the bill stands recommitted, and the
motion to reconsider its recommittal is laid
upon the table.
VENEZUELAN CLAIMS.
Mr. PACKARD, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported back with an amend-
ment the bill ^H. R. No. 3252) to enforce the
stipulations of the convention with Venezuela
of April 2-3, 1866, and the payment of adjudi-
cated claims.
The bill, which was read, is as follows:
Be it enacted ly the Senate and House of Reprcsenta-
tivesotthc i'mted States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the adjudication of claims by the con-
vention with Venezuela of April 25, 1866, pursuant
to the terms of said convention, is hereby recog-
nized a? final and conclusive, and to be held as valid
and subsisting against the republic of Venezuela ;
and that the President of the United States be, and
he.is hereby, authorized and directed to adopt such
measures as he may deem expedient to enforce the
claims of citizens of the United States adjudicated
by the mixed commission organized under the treaty
of the 25th of April, 13o<3. and made payable by the
republic of Venezuela to the Government of the Uni-
ted States, in accordance with the provisions of said
treaty.
Sec. 2. That he be authorized and directed, in
like manner, to collect such cluims of citizens of the
United States as were acknowledged by Venezuela
to be due prior to the sitting of the said mixed com-
mi-siou.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to insert after the word " measures," in
line nine, the words " not amounting to acts
of war.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PACKARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGE S. FISHER.
Mr. L. MYERS. I ask unanimous consent
that the Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2106) to
reimburse George S. Fisher for losses sus-
tained by the burning of the consulate build-
ing of the United States atKanagawa, Japan,
N ovember 26, 1866, and that the same be con-
sidered in the House.
The bill, which was read for information,
authorizes and empowers the Secretary of the
Department of State to audit the losses sus-
tained by George S. Fisher while consul of
the United States at Kanagawa, Japan, for
the burning of his library, or so much thereof
as was in necessary use for the public service
in the discharge of his judicial and other offi-
cial duties; also for the destruction of $1,380
iu value of Mexican dollars, lost and destroyed
by the burning of the new consulate build-
ing, at his post of duty, by the same fire of
November 26, I860; provided that the whole
sum does not exceed $8,000 in currency of the
United States. The second section author-
izes the Secretary of State to pay the sum so
audited and determined upon by him out of
the Japanese indemnity fund.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I must raise a
point of order on that bill.
The SPEAKER. There is no necessity of
raising a point of order. This bill was re-
ported by the Committee of Foreign Affairs
some time since, and on a point of order was
sent to the Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar. The gentleman who reported
it now asks that the Committee of the Whole
be discharged from the further consideration
of the bill, and that it be brought before the
House for consideration. Is there any objec-
tion to that?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, and Mr. HOL-
MAN objected.
Mr. L. MYERS. There are teu minutes
left of our hour. This bill will not meet
with objection, and I hope gentlemen will
allow the report to be read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must not
measure the hour by the dial of the clock, for
it is not going. [Laughter.] There are but
two minutes remaining of the morning hour.
Mr. L. MYERS. Then I will not press my
request.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. NIBLACK, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill (H. R. No.
3352) making appropriations for the construc-
tion, preservation, and repairs of certain forti-
fications and other works of defense; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
' the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, made the special order for Tues-
day next after the morning hour, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. RANDALL. I reserve all points of
order on that bill.
BOARD OF HEALTH OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. SARGENT. I am instructed by the
Committee on Appropriations to report a bill
which I ask to have passed now.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
poses to appropriate $39,800 to aid in defray-
ing the expenses of the Board of Health of the
District of Columbia.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I object to that.
Mr. SARGENT. I should like to state the
object of this bill and the work that is being
done by the Board of Health, but I will not
take up the time of the House uselessly if the
bill is not before the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object at this time.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask, then, that the bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union and made the special
order for to-morrow after the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. It is not competent to
make this bill a special order. It is not a
general appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. It is a deficiency appro-
priation bill and in pursuance of law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order that this is not a general appropria-
tion bill.
The SPEAKER. As a deficiency and in
pursuance of law it would be legitimate as an
amendment to an appropriation bill, but not
as a separate appropriation bill to be made a
special order.
Mr. SARGENT. I would ask if it has
ever been held by the Chair that the Commit-
tee on Appropriations are required to bring
in all the deficiencies in a single bill? Some-
times it is impossible to do that, and if I
remember the precedents we have divided
up deficiencies according to the exigencies
of the service and the convenience of the
House. Now, if the principle of division be
maintained, one item may be a deficiency bill
as well as twenty. This appropriation is
necessary to meet an exigency and the com-
mittee thought proper to report it in this
form.
The SPEAKER. The power given to the
Committee on Appropriations and to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report at any
time is confined especially by the rule itself
as to what it shall extend to. The Chair does
not think the rule extends to an item of this
kind, which is rather an item of a general
deficiency bill, and would be legitimate as an
amendment to such a bill.
Mr. SARGENT. Under the ruling of the
Chair 1 withdraw the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the de-
cision of the Chair does not extend to a
general deficiency bill, even though it is not
the only general deficiency that will be pre-
sented, for in several cases that 1 remember
well six or seven items of deficiencies that had
accumulated have been put in as a deficiency
bill, with the understanding that subsequently
other items, in larger or smaller numbers,
would constitute another portion of the gen-
eral deficiency bill. We have several times
put the deficiency bill before the House in
sections, so to speak. 1 know that under the
management of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] not less than three
deficiency bills were passed in one winter.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is aware that the rules do not contemplate the
existence of deficiency bills. Inasmuch as
there seems to be some doubt about this
matter, the seventy-seventh rule of the House
will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" It shall also be the duty of the Committee on
Appropriations, within thirty days after their ap-
pointment, at every session of Congress, commenc-
ing on the first Monday of December, to report, the
general appropriation bills—September 14, 1837—for
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses; for
sundry civil expenses; for consular and diplomatic
expenses; for the Army; for the Navy; for the ex-
penses of the Indian department; for the payment
of invalid and other pensions; for the support of the
Military Academy; for fortifications; for the service
of the Post Office Department, and for mail trans-
portation by ocean steamers; or, in failure thereof,
the reasons of such failure. And said committee
shall have leave to report said bills (for reference
only) at any time."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will ob-
serve that there is no reference whatever
made to a deficiency bill. Under the neces-
sities of the service there is reported annually
a deficiency bill; and the custom has grown
up to recognize a deficiency bill as in some
, sense a general appropriation bill, although
there is no warrant therefor in the rules. Iu
: the judgment of the Chair it would not be
within even a liberal construction of the rule
to allow the Committee on Appropriations to
separate the deficiency bill into various or
diverse items and report them at any time ;
it would be going too far beyond the margin
allowed them to report at any time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Allow me to
say that the Committee on Appropriations
discussed this question before they presented
the deficiency bill already passed. They would
not by any means have introduced that bill if
they had supposed thereby they exhausted
their power to report these items of deficiency.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not rule
against a general deficiency bill, and would
not without objection have ruled against this.
In the judgment of the Chair the ruling ought
to be against more than one deficiency bill
during the session. At the same time the
Chair will not rule against a future deficiency
bill at this session, but if the point is raised it
will be the duty of the Chair to rule against
more than one. There certainly should not
be more license given with regard to a defi-
ciency bill than with reference to a regular
appropriation bill, a deficiency bill being re-
garded only as a necessary evil. Such will be
the ruling of the Chair hereafter.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Allow me to
suggest that a deficiency is an appropriation
for the expenses of the several departments of
the Government. It must bea deficiency either
in the appropriations for the legislative, execu-
