rm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
to the amendment of the committee, which
will simply leave the clerk of pay rolls and
mustering clerk in office at $1,500 a year,
and then it will be necessary that the appro-
priation be changed from $2,800 to $4,300.
I trust I have made myself understood by the
chairman.
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; I understand that.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is :on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. COLE. I hope the amendment re-
ported by the committee will be agreed to. I
believe, from the statements that have been fre-
quently made in connection with this subject,
that these officers are supernumeraries; that
there is really no necessity for them.
I said about all that I care to say on this
subject, yesterday. I believe if there is any
necessity for an officer of this kind, it will be
very easy to detail some subordinate officer in
the naval service, and if such a one is not at
hand I do not see why many of the enlisted
men in the Navy are not competent to dis-
charge this duty. In the Army, as the Sen-
ator well knows, it is not an unusual thing to
detail men of the line to perform duties of as
great responsibility as this, and I should think
the same practice might prevail with great
propriety in the Navy where we have now a
very large list of officers ; the number of course
I cannot give; but the Navy Register sets forth
a very large list of officers. When you refer
to the compensation that is made to men and
officers in the Navy, yon find that but a small
proportion, I think only about one third of
the total, is used to pay the eighty-five hun-
dred enlisted men of the Navy, and that nearly
two thirds goes to pay the officers of the Navy.
That of itself proves that we have a very large
list of officers in that branch of the service ; a
touch larger list than we are able to put into
active service. It would be very proper, in
my judgment, to detail subordinate officers
of the Navy to discharge this clerical duty.
As 1 said yesterday, if there is no person in
the Navy competent for this duty, it is high
time we establish a professorship in our Naval
Academy to educate men to discharge it. We
are educating young men there by the hundred
every year for the purpose, i suppose, of
doing something, whereas, it seems, we exact
of them no duties at all. I hope the amend-
ment of the committee will be adhered to.
Mr. SCOTT. This is the same argument
which the Senator from California made yes-
terday in response to the Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Frelinghttysen,] in reference to
a nnmber of clerks at all the navy-yards from
Kittery, Maine, all over the country. I ask
him whether he has any specific information as
to this clerk whom the committee have dis-
pensed with at Philadelphia, or whether he
puts it upon the broad general grounds which
he has been stating ? And before he answers
me whether he has this specific information, I
wish to call his attention to the fact that his
vigilance in looking after the clerks that could
be dispensed with has failed to discover that it
was necessary to dispense with exactly the
same clerk, clerk of pay rolls and mustering
clerk, mentioned in the previous clause of the
bill, at Mare Island, in California. If there be
no necessity for such a clerk at Philadelphia,
where there are employed a very large num-
ber of men now, I should like to know what
necessity there is for the same officer at the
navy-yardatMare Island, California; what the
difference is?
Mr. COLE. I will answer. The Senator
asks two questions: in the first place, whether
I have any specific information regarding this
particular officer at the navy-yard near Phil-
adelphia. In reply I say I have no specific
information ; I know nothing about the officer;
I do not know who he is, nor what his duties
are. I do know, however, that the duties of
any of these clerical officers at either of the
navy-yards near Philadelphia, that at League
Island or the other, can be but very light at
most. So far as it relates to the similar office
at Mare Island in California, if the Senator
sees fit to move an amendment to strike out
that officer and will suggest where another
officer can be detailed, who is now under pay,
to discharge that duty, I will cordially acqui-
esce in it. I am not defending California, nor
the navy-yard on the Pacific coast in refer-
ence to a matter of this sort, by any manner of
means. I am just as anxious, in other words,
to practice economy in regard to that yard as
I am in regard to the one near Philadelphia.
I make no discrimination whatever. If the
Senator wishes to make a motion in regard to
this officer at that yard, I shall not resist it.
Mr. SCOTT. I am not attacking the officer
at the navy-yard at Mare Island, California,
although the pay there for the same officer is
$1,875 in this bill, while this clause only pro-
poses $1,500 for the officer at Philadelphia.
The Senator says he has no specific inform-
ation whatever that this officer is not neces-
sary. He goes upou the broad, general grounds
which he has stated. I submit that those
grounds would justify the striking out of this
officer at every navy-vard in the country; and
yet we find the committee have not struck him
out for the other yard in the preceding clause,
and have struck out this one without any in-
formation on the subject whatever. I submit
that they have been misled by the aggregate
sum in this section ; and I trust that when the
Senator says he has no information on the
subject, and when I further state I am informed
that the civil engineer in charge of the work
at Philadelphia states that this officer is abso-
lutely necessary, the Senate will not agree to
this amendment, but will continue this officer
there.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
ayes appeared to prevail.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I call for a division.
Mr. COLE. I am sure that my friend from
Vermont did not understand the question or
he would not call for a division. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment of the
committee to stiike out this clause.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought it was the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. SCOTT. I am asking the Senate not
to agree to the amendment of the committee,
and as the question does not seem to be very
well understood I will ask for a division, so
that we may divide the Senate upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did vote under a mis-
apprehension, as I sometimes do. I remember
that we examined this question in the Commit-
tee on Appropriations last year, and there was
the same pressure, not from the same source,
however, about this Philadelphia office. The
idea seems to be entertained by a considerable
proportion of the people of the United States
that the Navy Department is a kind of an
asylum where everybody who cannot get em-
ployment or an office anywhere else is to be
put in,and kept forever to do nothing. Iam
glad to believe that the present Secretary is
resisting with all his might and main that sort
of thing. We had good reason to believe last
year, and I think we have still better reason to
believe this year, that the Navy Department
is not desirous that these clerks of pay-rolls
and all those that were stricken out yesterday
shall be put on the bill, for the reason that the
service can be performed without them. Of
course, all the people who now hold these
offices arc very agreeable and worthy citizens
of the D nited States, and the Government owes
them a living, I suppose ; but the question is,
whether that living ought to be provided for in
exactly this way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is too
much conversation in the Chamber.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am aware, Mr. Presi-
dent, that I am speaking too loud, and beg
pardon ol' the Senate for interrupting its pro-
ceedings by trying to save the Navy Depart-
ment and the Treasury from a few useless offi-
cers, and the useless expenditure of"money.
If it was I who was making the noise, I
humbly apologize. [Laughter.]
Now, I repeat that in respect to every one
of these amendments Shat were adopted yes-
terday—and I may refer to them although they
were adopted, but they can be reserved—I
have good reason to believe that the Navy
Department feels that it can get on without
that particular character of service.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators
to the left of the Chair will please be seated
or remove to the cloak-room. There is too
much conversation in the Chamber. It is
impossible for the Senator on the floor to be
heard.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will face either way,
Mr. President, where the' chief point of inter-
est is. [Laughter.]
Now I will begin again and repeat what
I said before, that we had good reason to be-
lieve, and have noi, that the Navy Depart-
ment is not desirous of continuing this class
of public service, that it can get on without it,
of which this particular item is one, which the
committee has very properly proposed to rec-
tify, and I hope we shall rectify the others
when we come into the Senate. I do not sub-
scribe to the doctrine that the Government is
bound, because twenty years ago it had occa-
sion to employ a particular officer, to employ
him forever now when there is nothing for
him to do that cannot be done by other peo-
ple ; and that is precisely this question,
I can very well understand how my friend
from Pennsylvania feels, that we are leveling
a blow at some person in the navy-yard at
Philadelphia, and he is bound to stand up for
him. That is State rights, and we are all for
that; but when we are acting for the whole, I
think Senators from other States at least ought
to be willing to stand by the Department in
endeavoring to diminish its useless office-
holders and to diminish its expenses.
In what I have said in referring to my friend
from Pennsylvania I hope he will understand
that I do not do it in any invidious sense. I
have no doubt I should do twice as much,
according to the measure of our respective
abilities, if we had a navy-yard at Burlington,
Vermont, on the noisy waters of Lake Cham-
plain, and there was an effort to abolish an
office there. That is what we are all bound
to do. The people have rather come to think
that it is a special part of our business to get
them all in office, and if we could give an
office to everybody it would be very pleasant
indeed.
Mr. SCOTT. As the Senator from Vermont
is in a good humored mood on this question,
and has become very familiar with this wuole
subject of appropriations for offices, I will say
that I am willing to join him and the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations in
reducing salaries and dispensing with offices
everywhere; but I supposed when I offered
this amendment it would be agreed to without
difficulty, as I thought I was merely correct-
ing a mistake. Since the discussion has been
going on I find that at the navy-yard at Kit-
tery, Maine, the clerk of pay-rolls and muster-
ing clerk is retained.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He ought to be stricken
out.
Mr. SCOTT. That at the navy yard at
Charlestown, Massachusetts, he is retained;
that at the navy-yard at Brooklyn he is re-
tained; that at the navy-yard in the District
of Columbia he is retained; that at the navy-
yard at Norfolk, Virginia, he is retained ; that
at the navy-yard at Mare Island, California,
he is not only retained, but he is paid $375
more than at any other place.
Mr. COLE. And at Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, he is also retained, as the Senator
will see by looking at page 11 of the bill, line
two hundred and forty-five.
