386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
first reading of the bill for information be dis-
pensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Now, Mr.
Chairman, in the minute allowed for general
debate I desire only to say that I believe there
is nothing iu this bill except the regular items
of appropriation, with the exception of the
four items referred to a few mornings ago,
wheu the House gave permission on Monday,
under suspension of the rules, to attach them
to this general appropriation bill. This bill
appropriates $1,630,320 19 less than the bill
of last year. That, however, would be an
unfair statement unless accompanied by two
others. The cost of printing by the Public
Printer is not put in this bill. We concluded
to let it be included in the miscellaneous ap-
propriation bill. If that were here it would
increase this sum by $'2,000,000, and make
this bill larger by $400,000 than the appro-
priations of last year. That increase is found
in the item for expenses of the House of Rep-
resentatives. The increase of members has
made it necessary we should increase the ap-
propriation for their pay, and that item is
$650,000 larger than in the corresponding bill
of last year. So, taking the two items to-
gether, this bill appropriates relatively less by
$200,000 than the bill of last year.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will now
proceed to read the bill by paragraphs for
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Senate:
For compensation and mileage of Senators,
$4115,000.
For compensation of the officers, clerks, messen-
gers, and others receiving an annual salary in the
service of the Senate, namely : Secretary of the
Senate. $4,320; officer charged with disbursements
of the Senate, $576; Chief Clerk, $3,000. and the ad-
ditional sum of $1,000 while the said office is held by I
the present incumbent, and no longer; principal j
clerk, principal executive clerk, minute and Journal i
clerk, and financial clerk, in the office of the Secre- |
tary of the Senate, at $2,592 each; Librarian
and six clerks in the office of the Secretary of the ,
Senate, at $2,220 each; keeper of the station- I
cry, $2,102 40; two messengers at 81,296 each; one
page at $730; Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper,
S4.320: Provided, That hereafter he shall receive,
directly or indirectly, no fees or other compen-
sation or emolument whatever for performing
the duties of the office, or in connection therewith,
otherwise than as aforesaid; assistant doorkeeper,
£2,592; Postmaster to the Senate, $2,100; assistant
postmaster and mail-carrier, $1,728; two mail-car-
riers, at $1,200 each; superintendent of the document-
room, $2,160: two assistants in document-room, at
$1,440 each; superintendent of the folding-room,
82,160; three messengers, acting as assistant door-
keepers, at $1,800 each; twenty messengers, to be
appointed and removed by the Sergeant-at-Arms,
with the approval of the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate, at
$1,440 each ; secretary to the President of the Senate,
82,102 40; clerk to the Committee on Finance, $2,220;
clerk to the Committee on Claims, $2,220; clerk of
printing records, $2,220; clerk to Committee on Ap-
propriations, $2,220; one laborer in charge of private
passagd, $864; one laborer in stationery-room, $864;
one special policeman, $1,000; Chaplain to the Sen-
ate, $900; chief engineer, $2,160; three assistant
engineers, at $1,440 each; two firemen, at $1,095
each; three laborers, at $730 each; making, in all,
$120,22880.
Mr. MAYNARD. I moye to strike out
the words "chief clerk, $3,000, and the
additional sum of $1,000 while the said office
is held by the present incumbent, and no
longer," in order to get some explanation
from the Committee on Appropriations why
it is provided here that this pay shall remain
only during the incumbency of the present
occupant. Certainly that is a most unusual
provision.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The clause to
which the gentleman alludes is put in by the
Senate as their method of paying a special
gum to an old servant of the Senate who has
been there for many years. They do not wish
to make it a standing law that their clerk
should always be paid at this rate ; but they
insert this as a recognition of the long ser-
vices of the present incumbent. This has been
in the bill for a number of years, and we have
thought it hardly delicate for us to interfere
with the Senate's method of doing the thing.
We were better pleased to have it so than to
make this a permanent thing.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw the amend-
j ment.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
1 For the usual additional compensation to the re-
porters of tho Senato for the Congressional Globo,
for reporting the proceedings of tho Senato for the
session of the Forty-Second Congress, boginning on
tho first Monday in Decembor, 1873, $800 eaeh,
$4,000.
Mr. HIBBARD. I would inquire of the
chairman of the committee whether there is
not an error here? " Forty-Third " should be
substituted for "Forty-Second," as it is the
Forty-Third Congress which will begin its ses-
sion on the first Monday of December, 1873.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is a mis-
print. It will be corrected.
The CHAIRMAN. Tho amendment will
be made.
Mr. COX. I suspect there is another mis-
print here. I see there is a paragraph here
as follows:
For clerks to committees, $30,000.
I presume that is for political services dur-
ing the summer and fall. Would it not be just
as well to tell the truth and express it in that
way ? I would like to take the advice of the
Chair whether it should not be stated that
this is for services during the late disastrous
campaign—I mean disastrous for the country ?
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
Capitol polioe:
For one captain, $2,088: three lieutenants, at $1,800
each; twenty-seven privates, at $1,584 each, $42,768;
and eight watchmen, at $1,000 each, $8,000; making
in all, $58,256, one half to be paid into the contin-
I gent fund of the Honse of Representatives, and the
other half to be paid into the contingent fund of the
1 Senate.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to offer an
amendment to this paragraph. After the
words, " twenty-seven privates at $1,584 each,
$42,768," I move to insert:
Provided, That hereafter no disabled soldier shall
be removed from said force without cause.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Are they now?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not know
but the amendment implies that there is a con-
dition of things which we do not know to exist.
I do not know that there is any such thing.
Mr. STEVENSON. The amendment was
adopted in the last bill. I do not know that
there is any cause to apprehend such a thing,
and yet it might be.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no ob-
jection to the gentleman's amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. It says "thathereafter,"
&c. If that was in the last bill it is now the law
of the land, and there is no necessity for the
amendment.
Mr. STEVENSON. It can do no harm.
The amendment was agreed to. *
The Clerk read as follows:
House of Representatives:
For compensation and mileage of members of the
House of Representatives and Delegates from Ter-
ritories, $1,650,000.
Mr. HALE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations to offer the following
amendment:
At the end of the paragraph add the following:
And hereafter Representatives and Delegates-
elect to Congress whose credentials have been duly
filed with the Clerk of tho House of Representatives
in accordancc with the provisions of the act of Con-
gress approved March 3,1863, may receive their com-
pensation monthly at tho rato of $416 66? per month
from the beginning of their term until the begin-
ning of the first session of each Congress, upon a
certificate in the form now in use, to be signed by
the Clerk of the House, which certificate shall have
the like force and effect as is given to tho certificate
of the Speaker under existing laws, But this pro-
vission shall not apply to any Representative or
Delegate who may be known to the Clerk to be
under political disabilities
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is a very im-
portant amendment. It is an innovation upon
the practice and upon the law. It allows the
payment of an officer nine months before he
is an officer. It makes him receive the pay
of a member of Congress nine months before
he becomes a member of Congress. Now, the
House has frequently ruled that a man is not
a member of Congress until ho is sworn in, or
at least until the session is held at which he
can be sworn in. That question has arisen
several times in reference to a member of the
' House holding another office at the same time.
It arose during the war with reference to gen-
tlemen holding offices in the Army which they
were not permitted to hold, until December,
when they took their seats in Congress. They
were permitted to draw their pay as officers of
the Army until that time. Of course they were
not allowed to draw pay for both offices. That
has been repeatedly decided. It was so held,
"I think, in the case of General Schenck and of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gahfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow me I will state that General
Schenck and myself 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And Geneijil Blair,
of Missouri.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Yes, and sev-
eral other persons, held the office of general
in the Army from the 4th of March down to
the day of the meeting of the Thirty-Eighth
Congress, a period of about nine months,
when we resigned our commissions in the
Army and took our seats here, and we then
only drew our pay from the date of our taking
our seats. One gentleman supposed that he
had a right to draw his pay as a member for
the whole time, and did so draw it, and under
a resolution of the House was required to re-
fund the money. The question, however, is
regarded by many as an open question. In
the State of Maryland, for instance, the mem-
bers were not elected until the month of No-
vember, and when a man who had been elected
in November took his seat during the next
month, he drew his pay for the whole nine
months, during which time he had not only not
been a member sworn in, but had not been
elected
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The point I was
making, and it is sufficient for my purpose,
was that the House has decided, repeatedly,
that a member of Congress-elect may hold
another Federal office up to the December
when Congress meets. It can only be so upon
the hypothesis that he is not a member of Con-
gress until December, because the law does not
fermit him to hold two offices at the same time.
have alluded to the case of General Schenck
and the gentleman from Ohio, and also to the
case of General Blaik, of Missouri. In my
own case at the same time I was not satisfied
on that point. I had been elected to Congress,
as the gentleman from Ohio was, and resigned
the office of brigadier general on the 4th of
March, supposing that my office as a member
of Congress would commence at that time, but
I learned afterward that there were precedents
of which I had not been aware, in which the
question had been determined the other way,
and the House at its very next session so held.
Now it is proposed to commence to pay a mem-
ber of Congress from month to month for nine
months before he is a member of Congress at
all. Heretofore members were paid when they
were sworn in on the first Monday in Decem-
ber from the 4th of March preceding, pro-
vided they had held no other office and taken
no other pay, but they did not receive their
pay until they were members. A member
who had only been elected a few weeks before
the meeting of Congress received his pay from
the 4th of March the same as a man who had
been elected prior to the 4th of March.
It seems to me that this is a dangerous pre-
cedent. I have no interest in the matter one
way or the other. I know it is convenient for
a member to receive his salary from month to
month; it has been so for me; but here you
propose to permit the Clerk to determine who
is a member of Congress. If a man comes with
a certificate, which is fair upon its face, as a
Representative-elect, you permit the Clerk to
determine who is a Representative-elect. The
seat may be contested; there may be two cer-
