1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
387
tiGcates preseuted to the Clerk, as there have
been in many cases. I recollect that early in
this Congress a gentleman came here from the
State of Arkansas with a certificate fair upon
its face, and it turned out afterward that the
certificate had been made almost out of the
whole cloth and was a fraud. His seat was
contested, and he was ousted and the contest-
ant got the seat.
Mr. SARGENT. And both of them got
their pay.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes; but I voted
against giving them both pay, and I believe
that policy has been reversed. I believe the
House has decided that in future it will not pay
both parties; that it will not pay both the
wrongdoer and the rightful member. It seems
to me that this matter had better be examined
or we may get ourselves into some trouble out
of which-it may be difficult to extricate our-
selves.
Mr. HALE. As some members perhaps
did not hear the amendment when it was first
read, I will ask the Clerk to read it again.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. HALE. The amendment speaks for
itself more plainly than I can speak for it.
This matter of salary, originally paid day by
day, and afterward by the year, became in
practice payable monthly. The object of the
amendment is that in the next Congress, and
afterward, members about whose right to
seats there is no question, who would receive
their pay all together when the Congress shall
assemble in December, shall receive their pay
from the 4th day of March, the commence-
ment of their term, month by month, exactly
as they would receive it if the March session
was still in force, but which this Congress
abolished last winter.
Now, the object in view in drawing this
amendment has been to guard it so that no-
body would receive money under it who would
not receive it under the present practice of the
House. How is it at present? Suppose that
this amendment shall fail ; there will be no
March session; that seems to be generally
admitted. The House and Senate have already
by law abolished that session*, and it is a thing of
the past. I hear of very few men who want to
revive that March session. The reasons for
that session, which I am free to say were
strained, have passed away, and but few men
now want it.
Without this amendment, certain men claim-
ing to be members, who have been elected to
this House, come here in December, and on
the prima facie certificate of the Clerk are
sworn in before the Speaker's desk, and at
once they go to the office of the Sergeant-at-
Arms and draw all their back salaries. There
is practically no discussion, no discrimina-
tion ; we all stand up and are sworn in upon
the Clerk's certificate. If there is a contest-
ant, the contestant has filed his papers of con-
test ; but the member who has the certificate
is deemed to be prima facie eutitled to his
seat, and is sworn in and draws his salary for
the months from March to December, and
when the Committee of Elections shall report,
and the House acting on that report unseats
that sitting member and puts another man in
hi.-i place, you do not get back the money
which has been paid him any more in the one
case than in the other.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a suggestion?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. SARGENT. It is that after a person
is elected if be dies before the meeting of Con-
gress iu December it has been the invariable
practice of the House to pay to his widow or
to his heir his salary from the 4th of March
down to the time of his death.
Mr. HALE. That is certainly so; and I
am obliged to the gentleman for his additional
illustration.
Mr. SARGENT. And it must be upon the
theory that he was a member of Congress.
Another suggestion is that he is allowed to
frank from the commencement of his term,
the 4th of March.
Mr. HALE. Another suggestion. I notice
that members who resign (and the cases of
resignation are very rare) take care generally
that their resignations shall take effect on the
first Monday in December, so that they may
get their pay to that time. The truth is that
although an ingenious mind like that of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
may raise objections, this amendment is sim-
ply to enable members of the next House and
of other Houses to be elected hereafter to get
their pay month by month, instead of in a
lump.
Now 10 refer to another point which has
been made, that of scrutiny. Under this
amendment the same scrutiny is given which
is given to members who stand up here on the
first Monday in December and are sworn, and
, who then draw their pay from March to De-
1 cember. The committee in drawing the amend-
ment have guarded it to the extent of protecting
the Treasury so far as it can be protected, and
to the same exteut that the Treasury is pro-
tected without this amendment.
Mr. HOAR. I think the Committee on
Appropriations would be at a loss to inform
J the House under what constitutional provision
I they assume the authority to make this pay-
ment of money from the Treasury. The Con-
stitution provides:
" The Senators and Representatives shall receive a
compensation for their services, to be ascertaine d
by law, and paid out of tho Treasury of the United
States."
Now, Mr. Chairman, there are in the Con-
stitution of the United States and in the con-
stitution and laws of the several States, sundry
familiar provisions which prohibit the holding
of certain other offices while the office of Sen-
ator or Representative is held; and the uni-
form current of decisions from the beginning
of the Government down to the case of Mr.
Bowen, a claimant for a seat in the present
House, has been that the holding of oue of
those inconsistent, offices by a person elected
after the 4th of March but before the assem-
bling of Congress in December, does not dis-
qualify the person holding it from taking a
seat here, because no person is a member of
the House until he has been accepted and
received as such by the body upon its organ-
ization.
Now the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale]
has introduced an amendment by which he
proposes to pay persons not members, not
Representatives, and so adjudged by the uni-
form decisions of this House, and to pay them,
not for services rendered, but in anticipation
of their becoming members, and in anticipation
of their rendering service, when they may
under the decisions of this House be holding
incompatible offiees and performing incom-
patible duties at the very time.
The gentleman from Maine says that when
the House has organized in December the
members who are sworn in are sworn in on the
same scrutiny made by the Clerk which the
Clerk will give to the credentials of applicants
for monthly compensation under this amend-
ment. That is true; but upon that scrutiny
made by the Clerk there follows an act of the
House in which the member takes a part, by
J which he becomes from that time a member,
| making a part of its organization and its ac-
j tion, and entitled prima facie to his seat,
j That is the difference. The solemn act of
! membership has taken place, and without that
the-constitutional power to pay any one as a
member of the House does not exist. I chal-
lenge any member of the committee to point
out in the Constitution any authority for this
amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. It does not strike me
that there is any ground for serious constitu-
tional controversy over this proposition. A
gentleman who has been elected as a Repre-
sentative in Congress and whose election has
been properly declared by the legal authorities
is a Representative. It may be that for some
purposes and in a large and liberal view of his
office—certainly in view of the patriotic labor
in which a great many members were engaged
during the war—he is not regarded as violating
a provision of the Constitution against holding
two officies until he has actually been qualified
and eutered upon the discharge of his duties.
But for very many purposes he is a Represent-
ative. He is the only Representative the
people of his district have. He is liable to be
called upon by the Executive at any moment
after the 4th of March to come here and enter
upon the duty of legislation for the country.
And, as has been well said, in case of the death
of a member-elect his legal representatives
always receive his pay up to the time of his
death, whether he has been formally inducted
into his place and commenced his official labor
< or not. So also in the nomination of ap-
i pointees to the Naval Aeademy and the Mili-
, tary Academy, the official right of the Rep-
1 resentative under the law is recognized whether
he has been inducted into office or not. In
j: addition to that, there is the exercise of the
1 franking privilege, already referred to by the
i gentleman from California, [Mr. Sargent.]
It seems to me that the only question here is
one of practical convenience to the members
of the House. It has been said, and very
!! truly I doubt not, that gentlemen find it con-
'| venient to receive their pay monthly. Under
| the old system, by which we always waited
until the beginning of the session, in December,
before receiving our pay for the recess, we
contrived to live along somehow upon such
means as we could scrape together until
December ; and then, at the opening of the
session, we found we had a considerable sum
of money (hat could be used for somef profit-
able purpose ; whereas, under the present con-
dition of things, most gentlemen find, I pre-
sume, when they come here iu December, that,
they have been living on their salary during
the recess and have very little of it left.
I think that all there is in this amendment,
is a mere question whether, as a matter of
practical convenience, it is more desirable that
members should receive their pay from month
to month, or that they should let it lie and
accumulate until the commencement of the
session. I have no trouble with the constitu-
tional suggestion of my friend from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. COX. I move to strike out the proviso
to' this amendment, for the purpose of making
some remarks, and I think the proviso to the
amendment ought to be stricken out without
any remarks. Gentlemen seem to have made
the Clerk of the House judge of the qualifica-
tions of members by this proviso. They cer-
tainly by the proviso give him the right to
determine whether a member of Congress-
elect, who presents a certificate here with the
great seal of his State, is or is not a member
of Congress. It gives the Clerk of the House
the power to determine whether he comes
under any of the disqualifying clauses of the
Constitution. Now, what does the Constitu-
tion say ?
" No person shall be a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vice Presi-
dent, or hold any office, civil or military, under the
United States, or under any State, who, having
previously taken an oath as a member of Congress,
or as an officer of tho United Statos, or as a mem-
ber of any State Legisliit ure, or as an executive or
judicial officer of any State, to support the Consti-
tution of the United States, shall have engaged in
insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given
aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress
may, by a vote of two thirds of each House, re-
move such disability."
The gentleman from Maine, by this amend-
ment, leaves the Clerk of the House to de-
termine in his own mind as to whether a man
was once a member of such a State Legislature,
or whether he once held an office in a State,
judicial or otherwise, bringing him within that
clause of the Constitution, thus cutting him
