1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1351
Mr. SCOTT. I understand that. He is
retained at the navy-yard at Philadelphia; but
when we come down to the naval station at
League Island, Pennsylvania, where they have
more men in employment than they have in
the navy-yard, the same officer is stricken out,
as the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations agrees, without a reason, without
knowing whether he is necessary or not.
That is the point I make. The chairman
admits that he does not know whether he is
necessary or not. The civil engineer in charge
of that work says he is necessary, and I put
the knowledge of the civil engineer against the
want of knowledge on the part of the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations ; and hav-
ing voted for all the clerks yesterday that were
moved by the Senator from New Jersey, when
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions could not give a reason against it, I ask
the Senate to be consistent with itself and vote
for this clerk that the civil engineer says is
necessary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We will retrace our steps.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment of the
committee striking out lines two hundred and
eighty-one and two hundred and eighty-two.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 12, noes 15; no quorum voting.
Mr. SCOTT. There is a quorum present,
I think.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question again.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays as a test.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.. CASSERLY. I understand that this
office is virtually the same with another office
which recurs frequently in this bill—-clerk of
accounts and bills.
Mr. SCOTT. This is "pay-roll and mus-
tering clerk."
Mr. CASSERLY. "Pay-roll and muster-
ing clerk" I suppose is virtually the same
thing. A pay-roll must be an account or a
bill of some sort. I understand that the clerk
of accounts and bills is also a sinecure, a
totally unnecessary office. I move to amend
this amendment by striking out of the bill,
wherever it occurs, the appropriation for a
clerk of accounts and bills. I agree with the
Senator from Pennsylvania that there is no
fairness in keeping an officer in at one place
and striking him out at another. The true
way is to strike them all out so far as they are
unnecessary. Therefore I move to amend the
amendment of the committee by striking out
the appropriation wherever it occurs for a
clerk of accounts and bills.
Mr. COLE. I do not see any such in the
hill. Where does it occur in the text ?
Mr. CASSERLY. If it does not occur,
then of course my amendment has nothing to
apply to.
Mr. COLE. It is no amendment unless it
applies somewhere.
Mr. CASSERLY. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment for the present, and
will look over the bill.
Mr. HOWE. I want to say that as far as I
understand this question I am going to vote
for the amendment, but I do it upon contract.
1 understand it to be expressly promised that
if this amendment is agreed to the bill will be
further amended by striking out like appro-
priations for all other yards. If that is not
done, I shall when we get into the Senate feel
at liberty to correct my vote.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. 1 hope that my
friend from Wisconsin will not vote for this
amendment under any such contract as that.
1 offered an amendment which was submitted
to the committee and adopted yesterday re-
storing a clerk at four or five navy-yards who
had been stricken out of the bill in the House
of Representatives. That amendment met the
approval of the Secretary of the Navy, and it
is essential that those officers should exist. It
was suggested that an officer might be detailed
for this purpose. Why, it is a general ac-
countant who keeps the charge of the accounts
of the whole yard, has a general supervision,
and is one of the most essential officers the
Government have at these places. The reason
that it was stricken out in the House, as I
understand, was because there was some
navy yard, which is not inserted in my amend-
ment, where the chairman of the committee
thought it was of little importance and there
were not much duties, and he inferred that
none of those officers had any more duty to
perform than that one. No reason was given
by the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations or by any one else why those officers
who have been considered essential up to the
present time should now be dispensed with, and
no reason is urged here. Therefore, I hope
my friend from Wisconsin will not vote under
any contract to strike all these officers out.
The merits of this amendment I do not under-
take to understand.
Mr. COLE. In response to the Senator from
Wisconsin, I will state that at the largo navy-
yards, of which there are I think seven, there is
this officer, and among the officers at the navy-
yard at Philadelphia there is this officer in-
cluded, and quite a number of others who are
not included in the item to which the amend-
ment is made at League Island, which is
another distinct concern, it would seem, but
not far from the navy-yard at Philadelphia.
All the officers named are, draughtsman and
clerk of civil engineer, at $1,400 each, and
then this officer, and none others ; but in the
other navy-yards, as at Philadelphia, there are
quite a number of other officers named, for
instance, draughtsman and clerk to civil
engineer, assistant civil engineer, clerk of pay-
rolls and mustering clerk, gate-keeper and
detective, and messenger for the command-
ant's office, &c., under this particular bureau.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator indulge me
a moment ? I do not know what this officer
does. I do not know whether he is necessary
or not. I had not heard a Senator affirm his
necessity; but I had heard it said that in all
the other navy-yards, including the navy-yard
at Philadelphia, this officer was recognized by
the bill, but there was a proposition to ignore
him at League Island; and the Senator from
Pennsylvania states in the hearing of us all
that there are more men employed and more
occasion for this officer at League Island than
there is at the navy-yard at Philadelphia.
Mr. COLE. Well, sir 
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Cali-
fornia permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. COLE. Certainly.
Mr. SCOTT. His argument is that there
are naval officers enough who can be detailed
to discbarge the duty of this clerk of pay-rolls
and mustering clerk. Now the duty of the
clerk of pay-rolls and mustering clerk is exactly
the same at every navy-yard where such an
officer is employed; and if his argument is
correct here, why is it not correct as applicable
to every navy-yard? Why not detail a naval
officer for every one of these pay-roll and
mustering clerks?
Mr. COLE. In response to the Senator 1
will state that in my judgment a great many
of the subordinate officers in these various
bureaus at the navy-yards could well be dis-
pensed with and the service performed by
subordinate officers of the Navy, and my re-
mark was rather general than applicable to
any one particular officer; but it seems that
when we try to get rid of even one we have
the greatest possible difficulty; and I have
little hope of reorganizing the Navy Depart-
ment so as to dispense with these superabund-
ant employes. I did not intend to make an
argument or to make a point against, this one
officer in particular, but against a large class
of officers who are in the employment of' the
Government now who in my judgment might
very well be dispensed with; and when the
Senator asserted, as he did awhile ago, that I
had given no reason, I think that is a question
which I may well submit for judgment to the
Senate, including the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
I think I have given reasons why these offi-
cers in detail could well be dispensed with.
This one at League Island no doubt could be
dispensed with. I do not know how far thia
League Island yard is from the navy-yard at
Philadelphia; 1 believe they are very close
together. I do not know that one man could
perform the duties at both; I do not assert
that to be the case; but I do apprehend that
the duties at . both places could be under the
supervision of one man without much incon-
venience to either establishment.
Mr. SCOTT. I am sorry it did not occur
to my friend from California to follow that
noted example which teaches us to begin all
good works at Jerusalem, and propose to strike
out at Mare Island, California. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not Jerusalem.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COLE. No; far from it. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, in this
House every now aud then we get into a fit of
economy ; and at the present session of Con-
gress we seem peculiarly given to it. Now,
economy is very good in its place, but it seems
to me that this is beginning at a very small
end. Would any man of business carry on a
large amount of business amounting to mil-
lions of dollars a year without having a clerk
to take care of his accounts, to pay out the
money, and to take the receipts and get proper
vouchers? I think not. How would the Sec-
retary of the Senate get along if ho had no
clerk in his office to pay us our money and
keep the account of it? He might do no
wrong to himself and he might not cheat the
Government, but the chances are that there
would be trouble and difficulty. No man of
any ordinary care or caution at all would al-
low his money to be paid out unless under the
charge of a person whose special duty it was
to attend to that particular business. So it is
in these navy-yards. The Philadelphia navy-
yard and the navy-yard about being made at
League Island are in some degree the same,
and yet they are entirely distinct. The navy-
yard' at League Island is to take the place of
aud absorb the navy yard at Philadelphia, and
when it has done so, all the property, all the
real estate belonging to the navy-yard at Phil-
adelphia will belong to the Government of the
United States, and as fast as they get the navy-
yard at League Island fit for occupancy and
fit for the duly for which it was intended, so
rapidly will the business leave the other yard
and be absorbed at League Island. When
the necessities for the Philadelphia navy-
yard cease to exist a paymaster will not be
wanted there; a keeper of accounts, as this
person is, will not be wanted there; but until
that time comes he is just as much needed
there as at Mare Island, or at Norfolk, or Kit-
tery, or any other place where the Government
has money to expend. ■ .
I think it is altogether wrong, and I think
on a little reflection each Senator will see that
it is so, to be be cutting off needed officers in
this way. It i3 not a saving of $1,000 a year,
but it is the danger of losing hundreds of
thousands of dollars for want of some person
whose duty it is to take care that the money is
not lost or wasted there, that the Senate should
consider. I do not know who the clerks there
arc, and I do not care a bit more about Phila-
delphia than any other place except so far as
to do justice to the Government and to the
people equally. The office is of no account
except to the particular individual.
Mr. COLE. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator a question.
Mr. CAMERON. As many as you please.
Mr. COLE. I should like to know when
we are to get rid of one of these establish-
ments. We are running now two navy-yards
