1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Refunding of Ootton Tax—Mr. Maclntyre.
Ho. of Reps.
other part of the cotton, because you cannot
make it uniform. The history of commerce,
as well as the records in the Departments,
show that more than half of this cotton was
imported. Under this provision of the Con-
stitution I am clear the laws imposing this tax
were unconstitutional.
WEBB THESE LAWS JDST ?
No other agricultural product was taxed—
wheat, corn, oats, rye, potatoes, hemp; the
products of the Bast and North and West,
have ever been exempt from taxation, while
cotton has been taxed. No industrial interest
has been taxed by the Government. Iron,
coal, and other minerals have never had a tax
imposed on them. Manufactured goods of all
classes have been exempt, and I might, right
here, stop and say that these laws were unjust
because of this discrimination. Notice the
provisions of the laws. Drawbacks were
allowed the manufacturers of the cotton taxed
on goods exported by them, but no drawbacks
were allowed the exporters of the raw mate-
rial, the exporter in the latter case being the
representative of the producer. The citizens
of these eleven States not only paid the tax
imposed by these laws on cotton, but paid the
same tax, imposts, duties, and tariffs that the
other States paid. There was no correspond-
ing tax imposed on the other twenty-six States.
The industry of the eleven cotton States
was taxed $68,000,000 over and above and
beyond what the industry of the other States
was taxed. Thus $68,000,000 was forced
from the cotton States, when not one cent
was forced from the other twenty-six States.
In other words, the cotton States have paid
into the Treasury $68,000,000 more than their
proportion of taxes. Upon the rule of equality,
the burden of government has fallen upon
these States, to this amount, more heavily than
upon other sections ol' the country. And it
does not stop here. The other products of
the labor of the country have never been taxed
as cotton has been taxed, by laying a specific
tax ; but nearly all of the other products of the
labor of the country have received subsidies
from the Government, through or by means
of the imposts and duties levied by the Gov-
ernment on foreign manufactures imported
into this country. Iron received a subsidy to
the extent of the duty laid by Congress on
the importation of iron, woolen goods, cotton
goods, leather shoes, hats—indeed every article
on the long catalogue of articles imported re-
ceived this subsidy. And this is not the worst
of it. Cotton and other products of agricul-
ture have had tribute levied upon them to
pay nearly all of these subsidies.
I remember that a majority of this House
refused to put salt on the tree list, and the sev-
eral coal, iron, wool, leather, and cotton man-
ufacturers represented on this floor by honor-
able gentlemen have always refused to sur-
render this subsidy paid by cotton and other
agricultural interests in this way through the
Government. Did not high tariffs give these
other twenty-six Stales sufficient advantage
without imposing this tax on cotton ? Suppose
a tax of two or three cents per pound should
be laid on iron: would Pennsylvania say it
was just? Suppose a similar tax was laid on
coal: would Pennsylvania, Maryland, and
West Virginia say it was just? Suppose such
a tax was laid on wheat, corn, rye, and oats:
whatwouldour friendsofthe YVestsay? Would
they say it was just? Suppose it was laid on
manufactured goods: would Massachusetts say
that it was just? In equality there is justice—
so far as taxation is concerned ; and without
equality there is no justice. The Constitution,
and all our institutions, teach us that the
framers of the Constitution intended that all
the States should have coequal rights and
power, and that all the States, or the people
thereof, should bear their equal portion of the
burdens of the Federal Government. Now,
when it is apparent that the eleven cotton
States have paid sixty-eight millions of money
into the Treasury more than their just propor-
tion, may I not say that the laws forcing this
sixty-eight millions out of the producers of
cotton were unjust ?
SHOULD THIS COTTON TAX BE REFUNDED?
If the laws laying this tax upon cotton were
unconstitutional they were void, and gave the
Government no authority to take this money
from the producer. This money was private
property; and if taken under a law void, it was
without authority; and when put into the Treas-
ury of the United States, it was an appropria-
tion of it to public use, and with or without
the consent of the owners ; and the Constitu-
tion imposes on the Government an obligation
to pay the injured party just compensation. I
have already shown that these laws operated
unequally upon the people of the different sec-
tions, largely discriminating against the cotton
States, thereby showing, beyond all question,
that these laws were unjust.
But I do not propose to stop here. When
the relative condition of the two sections of
the Union at the time this tax was paid are
considered, it cannot be doubted, it seems
to me, that this tax should be refunded. I
would not say anything to open old wounds.
I would heal them. I desire not to criminate.
But the truth of history compels me to say that
while the twenty-six other States were -not
taxed in any way corresponding to this cotton
tax, and while they were in a comparatively
healthy financial condition, these cotton States
—at that time and during that period—were
disturbed in all the relations of life; sometimes
under a military government, without any of
the wholesome checks and restraints of the
Constitution sometimes under a provisional
government, supervised by the military, and
at no time enjoying the rights of a republican
form of government—-just emerged from the
most gigantic war that ever occurred, with a
loss of over five billions of property; their sys-
tem of labor disturbed, without money or
means ; poor; indeed poorer than any other
section of the country—suffering all the evils
following in the wake of war, and particularly
troubled with a set of hungry bummers and
leaches ejected from society North and West,
thrown down upon them to eat out all their
substance and rob and plunder their State
governments, not only of what was in hand, but
to plunge their governments into debts from
which it may take centuries to extricate them.
To-day these eleven States are paying annu-
ally from ten to twenty times as much tax as
they did before the war, the result of malad-
ministration by these harpies cast upon them
upon the cessation of hostilities.^ I say when
all this is remembered, and ten times as much
more if I had time to recount it, you cannot be
surprised that the people of these cotton States
ask for a refund of this tax. We ask it, not so
much as a matter of grace as a matter of right;
though in view of all the facts the United States
Government might well afford to be gracious,
at least to be just. Who paid this money? Did
any gentleman from any of the twenty-six
States other than the cotton States pay any of
it; did any of their constituents pay any of it?
Not one e'ent of it. Then, how can gentlemen
or any of their constituents be injured? If
you refund it you will not be giv'mg us your
money or the money of your constituents, but
you will be simply restoring to the owners
their own. Restore this cotton tax and the
cotton States will have no advantage whatever
over the other twenty-six States they will only
be placed back upon a footing of equality as
contemplated by the Constitution. Refuse to
restore this money and the other twenty-six
States will just have 68,000,000 advantage of
the cotton States. The cotton tax should be
refunded.
Up to this date there have been four propo-
sitions submitted to the House looking to a
restitution of the cotton tax. The first is a
bill introduced by the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. McKee.] This bill provides for a
restoration of the fund, but fails to name the
party to whom restitution should be made ; it
makes the receipts and entries of internal rev-
enue officers and copies thereof conclusive.
It provides that a commission of three men
shall be appointed and sit in Washington for
two years only, to adjust and adjudicate claims
made for restitution, and directs the money to
be paid to the party entitled thereto, his heirs,
executors, administrators, or assigns. This
bill is objectionable. To understand why the
provisions of this bill are objectionable, it is
necessary to understand the facts.
The year of the commencement of the war
many planters in the cotton States planted cot-
ton, and many others had cotton on hand
raised before that time; the ports were soon
blockaded, and the cotton could not be sent
out; but during the war, and before the pass-
age of the first law imposing the tax, much of
this cotton changed owners and passed out of
the hands of the producer long before internal
revenue officers reached the cotton States.
When the war ended, the tax was collected
from the then owners of all this cotton ; part
was paid by the producers and a part by pur-
chasers of the cotton. Owing to the poverty
of the people, the holders of this cotton were
unable to pay the tax at home and arrange-
ments were made by which the cotton was
shipped to the cities, to factors and commis-
sion merchants, the tax to be paid on the ar-
rival of the cotton. Different rules as to the
manner of paying the tax obtained in different
localities; m some localities the tax was not
paid until the factor sold the cotton, when the
factor deduced the tax from the price of the
cotton and delivered fch'e cotton to the buyer sub-
ject to the tax, tbe buyer paying the tax to rev-
enue officers, and taking the receipt in his own
name. In other places the factor on the ar-
rival of the cotton paid the tax and took the
receipt in his own name, and when afterward
he sold the cotton he deducted the tax with
all other expenses, and sent the balance of the
money arising from the sales to the producer.
This continued in both localities until the laws
were repealed, the producer in all cases bear-
ing the burden of this tax.
At some time while the laws existed an
association of men was formed with a view of
testing the constitutionality of the law, com-
posed of commission men and attorneys. This
association made contracts with many of the
factors and with some of the producers to
collect this tax from the Government, entering
into written contracts by which this association
had assigned to them one half of the recovery,
&c. A case was made before one of the
circuit courts of the United States, atrial had
and decision rendered sustaining the consti-
tutionality of the law. An appeal was entered
to the Supreme Court; and after argument,
had, the court, eight judges being present,
divided in opinion, four for and four against,
the constitutionality of the law, which
amounted to a failure of the association to
recover this fund through the courts. Hence
these applications to Congress.
The first objection to this bill is that it does
not distinctly declare that the party bearing
the burden of the tax should have the res-
titution. The second objection is, that by
section two the money is directed to be paid
to the party legally entitled thereto, his heirs
or assigns.
Nobody under any law now existing is
