52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
Ho. op Reps.
Outlet for the Products of the West—Mr. Negley.
42d Conq.,..3j> Sess.
entitled to this fund. Therefore we are ask-
ing for a law to pay it to the party morally
entitled to it. No person can get this fund
or any part of it unless the right to receive it
is created by the law proposed to be passed,
■when passed. This part of section two when
taken in connection with that part of section
four which makes the receipts and entries of
internal revenue officers conclusive would
confer the legal right to receive this money
on the party in whose name the receipt or
entry was given or made, the factor and buyer,
instead of the producer who paid the tax.
Another objection is that the word '-assigns"
proposes to repeal the act of 1853 making
assignments and other contracts of the char-
acter of the contracts made by this associa-
tion of persons void. I would not vitalize
these contracts or assignments by legislative
action, or against either of the parties to the
assignments or contracts. This is nothing
more than a grant, and a grant to an assignee
would pass title to him. It is a mandate or
direction to the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay the party legally entitled thereto, his heirs
or assigns. Therefore it is a direction to pay
the assignee whenever an assignment has been
made, and the Secretary would be justified in
making the payment to the assignee instead
of the producer, because the law would com-
mand him to do so.
Another objection to this bill is that the
commission lasts for only two years, and sits
in Washington. This commission could not
hear the one hundredth part of the claims in
ten years. The commission should be so
arranged as that every person interested could
reach it It would be better for it to sit in
every county in the cotton States; at least it
ought to sit in the capital of every cotton
State. With these amendments, and the two
amendments accepted and incorporated into
the bill introduced by the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Perce,] this.bill might ac-
complish what is desired.
The next bill in the ordfr of time I had the
honor to introduce in the early part of this
session.
Before introducing this bill, I obtained from
llie internal revenue office a comparative
statement of the money paid in the different
States under these cotton-tax laws, which has
been piesented.
In this way I ascertained the amount paid
in each State, and so drafted the bill as to
require and direct the amount paid in each
State to be returned to that State, to be refunded
to the parties who paid the tax if practicable to
do so, and if impracticable, then to be disposed
of as the several Legislatures of the several
States might by law direct.
To my mind this bill is less objectionable
than any bill introduced up to this time; be-
cause—
1. It furnishes the most certain way of trans-
mitting the money to the party morally entitled
to it.
2. It takes the money out of the reach of
combinations and associations.
3. It takes the money out of the reach of
claim agents about Washington, hungry to get
the lion's share of every appropriation made
by Congress.
' 4, The parties entitled to the money would
have it in their own States, and they could send
men to the Legislature who could provide by
law for refunding it to themselves, or for
appropriating it either to the payment ot the
public debt or to educational purposes.
5. The cost of distribution of the fund then
would not cost the tax-payers one half of what
it would cost to distribute it here.
The next bill in the order of time was intro-
duced by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Pekce,] which was the result of a conference
of southern members, in which the friends of
the McKee bill agreed to accept two amend-
ments offered by the friends of the producer,
to wit: first, that restitution should be made
to the party who paid the tax, either by him-
self, factor, commission merchant, or other
agent; second, that the receipts and entries
of the internal revenue officers should innre
to the benefit of the producer unless it should
affirmatively appear that the agent paid the
tax and had not been repaid; with these
two exceptions this bill is the same as the
McKee bill. Leaving two of the amendments
proposed by the friends of the producer out
of the bill, the bill is objectionable on that
account. 1 considered these objections when
considering the objections to the McKee bill.
But I will add that I recognize the principle
that neither one of the Departments of Gov-
ernment can interfere with the other, and
for this reason: I do not propose to recognize
the contracts and assignments as either valid
or invalid, hut I prefer to leave the parties
where 1 find them, and remit them to the courts
to settle the question what rights either or both
the parties have under the contract or assign-
ment.
The next bill is the one introduced by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.] This
bill is entirely satisfactory to me, except that
it proposes to refund only about one half in-
stead of the whole of the tax. This bill would
restore perhaps thirty-five or forty million dol-
lars, and I must say guards and protects the
interest of the producer as well as it can be
done. I know that the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] purposes to do right, and I
have the confidence in him to believe he
will do right and discharge his whole duty not
only to his State but to his whole country.
Just here let me answer an objection I have
heard urged to the bill I had the honor to in-
troduce, that some of the cotton States could
not be trusted; that if the money was sent
there for distribution it would never reach its
destination. I cannot speak for other States,
livery State has its Representatives on this
floor, and [ leave it for these Representatives
to speak for their own States. But for my own
State, I will say, Congress need have no fears
of the money being misappropriated, or the
trust abused, if Georgia shall be trusted with
the distribution of the money. She has paid
over eleven million dollars, and she can bet-
ter distribute it at home than it can be done
here away from home. Let me say, sir, that
the hungry horde which infested our State in
the early days of reconstruction have been put
to flight, and are no more in Georgia, and the
administration of the State government has
returned to the house of its friends. With an
able and faithful executive, aided by an able
and faithful Legislature, we look forward to a
brighter future ; and if we could get this money
of our own back among the people to whom
it belongs, the country might confidently look
for a perfect and thorough revival of all the
industrial interests of the State.
In conclusion, I desire to say that I have no
sympathy for lobbies. I have no sympathy
for individuals or any association ofindividuals
■who seek to give direction to legislation here
or elsewhere. Notwithstanding my great de-
sire to have this cotton tax refunded, I cannot
vote for any bill which does not look solely to a
restitution of the fund to the party who actually
paid the tax. Nor will I vote for any measure
which has any provision inserted for the benefit
of a lobby or other outsider, dictated by him-
self; in other words, I am opposed to all jobs.
I desire that the fountains of legislation be and
remain pure and uncorrupted ; and I will hail
the time with great joy when public opinion
will drive every man from the halls of legisla-
tion but the legislators themselves.
Outlet for the Products of the West.
SPEECH OF HON. J. S. NEGLEF,
0*F PENNSYLVANIA,
In tee House of Representatives,
February 13, 1873,
In support of the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on Commerce for promoting artificial chan-
nels of water communication.
Mr. NEGLliY. Mr. Speaker, the United
States Government has aided by judicious
legislation and with a generous hand the con-
struction of our vast network of railways. The
development of this system has been marvel-
ous. Consider for a moment that the first
twenty miles of railroad was built in this coun-
try in 1830. Two years later the toco motive
engine was first introduced. Between this
period and 1850 we constructed nine thousand
miles of road. During the following ten years
21,090 miles were added. Since thon our rail-
way system has been extended eight thousand
miles, and we now have a grand total of 01,460
miles, ^mounting in cost to the round sum of
$2,400,000,000. At the same time there has
been projected and put under construction
nearly twelve thousand miles additional length
of road. However lavishly spent, the appro-
priations for these objects have been of vast
public benefit.
The action of the Government in this respect
is in striking contrast to what it has been on
the subject of improving the interior lines of
water communication. In the one case it
has been as chary as m the other it has been
generous. The appropriations have not been
adequate to the work to bo executed, or in
sums sufficiently large to economize time and
labor. The Government has been treating
this subject much in the same unprofitable
way tlnit it treated the improvement of Wash-
ington city—doling out small appropriations
which were expended without any appreciable
benefit to the esthetic or sanitary condition
of the city; and, until the new authorities
assumed the reins of control, the avenues and
streets presented a sad commentary upon the
taste and patriotism of the representatives of
a great nation.
A new departure in any field of public policy
is never undertaken without exciting opposi-
tion. liven the question of cheap transporta-
tion for the breadstufl'a of the world is no
exception to this rule. One form that this
opposition assumes in Congress is that this
outlay is of doubtful constitutionality and cen-
tralizing in its tendency. This I deny, having
unexceptionable authorities before nje to quote
from. But all the important measures ever
inaugurated by the Government have met the
same objections. This opposition to aiding
public improvements may, in a word, be re-
garded as a, chronic element in our politics,
and serves as the stock in trade of those who
represent the anti-progressive ideas of a cer-
tain class, who, happily, are now in the minor-
ity. The danger which presses upon the coun-
try at this time is in the shape of immense
railroad companies which have been organized
under the laws of the States, and, according to
the opinion of those who advocate State rights,
are exempt from congressional legislation.
The experience of to-day in all the older
States attests to the arbitrary power of these
monopolies.
I am clearly in favor of the extension, with
the legitimate direction and operation, of rail-
ways, as beneficial and civilizing in their re-
sults; yet I regard their agglomeration into
the hands of a few daring managers as some-
thing fraught with evil to the country. Wo
are all familiar with the newspaper accounts
of what has been accomplished by some of
