1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
unconstitutionally pay a man for nine months
who is not a member of Congress, and when
his name is called and he is challenged the
committee determine that he never was elected
at all, that his pretended certificate is a fraud
or a myth—for they make fraudulent certifi-
cates in some of the States—the very fact that
the law would permit a wrong of this kind is
an unanswerable objection to the amendment. 1
Now, what is there in this matter but a little
hardship which some of us have suffered and
which our forefathers suffered for some seventy
or eighty .years since the organization of the
Government. They were in the habit of com-
ing here, as my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] and myself were in the habit of com-
ing here, and we never thought of drawing any
pay until we got here and were sworn in, and
then we had a nice little lump of money in our
pockets. My friend from Maine will be in the
same position. It will be much better for him
than to receive $400 a month. A man is more
economical when he has not any money; so
that I am really speaking in the interest of
gentlemen who are reelected.
Mr. HOAR. I think the gentleman from
California will not himself, on reflection, ad-
here to either of the arguments which he has
addressed to the House. In the first place, he
certainly will not on reflection say that election
by the people of a district constitutes a mem- (
ber of this House. There must be some act
of acceptance, some solemn act of undertaking j
the office. No person can be a member of this i
House who has not taken the oath to support j
the Constitution of the United States by ex- |
press provision of that Constitution. Therefore j
nothing is more clear than that a man is not a
member of this House until he has taken the
oath of office and been recognized as such by
the House itself.
Mr. SARGENT. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HOAR. Allow me first to finish this
point. In the next place, the gentleman from
California said that it never nad been held
that a person was not a member of this House
in the period intervening between the 4th of
March, when the constitutional term begins,
and the assembling of Congress.
I have had occasion to investigate this mat-
ter, and I declare that it has been so held by
this House more than twenty times, as my
colleague, [Mr. Dawes,] the late chairman
of the Committee of Elections, knows very |
well, and as all the present members of that i
committee know. The question has arisen i
whether the undertaking an incompatible
office, like that of general in the Army, is an
act of resignation of the office of member of
Congress. And it has been held, over and
over again, that if before the member is sworn
in, before the assembling of the Congress to
which he was elected, he holds such incom-
patible office, it does not disqualify him from
taking his seat as such member, because he is
not at the time he held that incompatible
office a member of the House. But if after
the assembling of the House, and after taking
the oath of office as a member thereof—that
was the distinction between the case of Gen-
eral Blaib, who was unseated, and General
Schenck, who retained bis seat—the member
takes an incompatible office, then it is an aGt
of resignation of the office of member of Con-
gress.
One other point, and then I will answer the
question of the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Sargent.] He says that we pay the
widow, or next of kin, or the legal represent-
ative of the member who dies after the term
begins, and before the assembling of Congress.
That is a mere gratuity, as the gentleman will
see when he reflects that under all those reso-
lutions there is paid a compensation covering
the salary for two or three months after the
death of the member. We pay to the end of the
term, or up to a period some time after the
death, showing that the person is not paid the
money as the heir of a member of Congress,
but we give it as a gratuity to the widow, the
mother, or the orphans, designating the rela-
tive to whom it shall be given. In no instance
is it to be regarded as anything but a gratuity.
Mr. SARGENT. I understand the gentle-
man to say that no one is a member of this
House who has not been sworn in.
Mr. HOAR. Yes.
Mr. SARGENT. Then he could perform
no legislative act, yet the highest legislative
act that can be performed by the House of
Representatives, one that it is provided by
the rules shall be done by the House of Rep-
resentatives, is the selection of Speaker. And
yet by the rules the members, before they are
sworn in, do select their Speaker, and after
having done so the Speaker swears them in.
Consequently, according to the logic of the
gentleman, the Speaker is not chosen by the
House of Representatives, but persons who
are not yet membei-3 of Congress exercise that
power.
Mr. HOAR. The order of doing two things,
which must of necessity be nearly simultane-
ous, the swearing in of members of Congress
and the selection of Speaker, does not affect
my argument.
Mr. SARGENT. Is there not enough in
my suggestion to lead the gentleman to recon-
sider his ground ?
Mr. HOAR. Not at all. The two acts are
substantially and for all purposes simultaneous
and the one act of organizing the House. By
the necessities of the cajse the act of selecting
a Speaker must be performed before the House
is organized or the members can be sworn in
by competent authority.
But the point is this: suppose that a member
who, under a provision of law similar to this
amendment, has been drawing his pay from
the 4th of March does not choose on the first
Monday in December to accept the office of
member of Congress, what remedy have you
under this amendment? There is no act of
acceptance on his part; he has never been a
member of this House ; he is not subject to its
jurisdiction, and is not subject to its punish-
ment.
Mr. MAYNARD. Allow me to ask the gen-
tleman a question upon the provision of the
Constitution, apart of which he read, but the
whole of which he did not read. I will read
another part of the same section:
" They [Senators and Representatives] shall in all
cases except treason, felony, and breach of the
peace, be privileged from arrest during their at-
tendance at the session of their respective Houses,
and in gointr to and returning from the same."
I would ask the gentleman whether he sup-
poses this clause would or would not protect a
gentleman who has been elected and is on his
way to the Capitol for the first time, and of
course not sworn in ?
Mr. HOAR. Undoubtedly it would.
Mr. MAYNARD. Very well; is he or not
a Representative?
Mr. HOAR. He is not.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then how is he protected?
Hr. MOAR. He is protected by a liberal
construction of the Constitution. So the juror
who has not been sworn in, and not even
selected to serve on a jury, is protected in the
same way while on his way to attend the
court where he is about to exercise the func-
tions of a juror.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, when this
amendment was first submitted for the consid-
eration of the Committee on Appropriations
I had some hesitation about what the com-
mittee ought to recommend in regard to it.
It is something new in point of practice. It
will, if adopted by the House, set a new as
well as a very important precedent. On the
whole, however, after considering the matter
in all its bearings, so far as I have been able
to do so, I have decided to support the propo-
sition, and shall therefore give it my vote
to-day.
I agree with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Hoar,] that for many purposes a
gentleman elected as a Representative in the
Congress of the United States is not a mem-
ber for every purpose until ha is qualified as
such and has been admitted to his seat upon
the organization of the House. But still for
many other purposes, and in the general legal
sense of the term, I insist that the person
elected is a member as soon as he obtains his
certificate, provided the time has arrived at
which the official term begius. There is al-
ways in legal contemplation a House of Rep-
resentatives; and the Clerk of the House is
authorized by law to decide, at the opening of
each Congress, upon an inspection of the
certificates of election, who are the members
I elected and entitled prima facie to seats. The
Clerk necessarily, under existing laws, decides
this question. He determines what names
shall be placed upon the roll, and who shall
be called as members-elect when the House
proceeds to organize; and in practice nearly
always the persons thus called from his roll as
members-elect are qualified and admitted to
their seats, and are the persons who proceed
to organize the House by electing its Speaker
! and other officers.
j Mr. COX. Will my honorable friend allow
me to ask him a question?
| Mr. NIBLACK. Yes, sir.
I Mr. COX. Suppose the Clerk of the House
should decide that A B had been elected to
Congress, and should pay him for his services,
and the House upon its meeting in Decem-
ber should declare C B to be the person prop-
erly elected, how is the Government going to
get back the money it has paid ?
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, I never
have known a case in which a gentleman ad-
mitted upon a prima facie case—that is, upon
a certificate of election—did not draw his pay
as a member up to the time when the contest
was decided, whether he continued to hold the
seat or not. When a man is unseated he is
never required to refund the pay he has re-
ceived as a member. We therefore take no
more risk in paying men upon certificates of
election merely, before they are sworn in, than
if we do so after they are sworn as members
upon the organization of the House. The
Clerk has the responsibility of deciding this
question under the law as it now exists; and
I feel, therefore, that there is no very apparent
liability to abuse in that respect.
But, sir, it is a matter of convenience for
members of the House to be able to draw their
pay in this way monthly. This, I readily con-
cede, may have had something to do in determ
ining my course on this question. Besides,
this method of payment would cost the Gov-
ernment no more than it does to pay in the
way in which the Sergeant-at- Arms is required
to pay under existing law. Then there is still
another consideration—and to this I call the
particular attention of the gentleman from
New York—which had much to do in determ-
ining my coarse on this subject. I have been
opposed to the practice adopted within a few
years past, the assembling of the new Congress
on the 4th of March, immediately upon the
adjournment of the previous Congress. I
thought the law which authorized this was con-
ceived for purposes which I did not recognize
as legitimate; and it never in my judgment
worked well in practice. I voted two years
ago to repeal that law. I know, however, that
there are members who, judging from their
expressions upon the subject, are in favor of
reenacting some law of that kind. I am
opposed to any proposition of the sort; and
I believe the adoption of this amendment
will have very much to do in preventing legis-
lation which will require the new Congress to
assemble each second year on the 4th of March,
upon the expiration of the previous Congress.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. Does the gentleman
suppose that members would do such a thing
as meet on the 4th of March merely for the
