1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1353
Mr. STEWART. I will not offer any amend-
ment ; but I suggest that the provision in the
general law which applies to writs of error
ought to apply to appeals. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move now to insert at
the end of line six hundred and thirty-two, so
that it will come in at the end of the print
and before what has been added, the words
which were put into the last appropriation bills
I believe with one exception:
That no money appropriated by this act shall be
expended on account of vessels or naval engines
contracted for daring the war.
It has been suggested, and was last year,
that ancient claims might be settled under
these current appropriations, when the proper
understanding is that they should be settled
by special appropriations or by definite acts
of Congress ; and in order to rebut that impli-
cation and not to have this current money
used for the settlement of ancient claims, last
year there was provided in the bill this limita-
tion upon the use to which the money appro-
priated by the bill could be applied. I should
not suppose that under the law it could be
so applied; but it was said last year that it
could, and accordingly this provision, with
one exception, was inserted. I now move this
amendment, to come in at the place named.
Mr. COLE. I have not the least apprehen-
sion that the money appropriated in this bill
could be used for any such purpose; but I
have no objection to the amendment out of
abundant caution.
Mr. ANTHONY. If it could be so ap-
plied, and if there are claims which have been
adjusted and adjudicated, why repudiate them
if they are old ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We do not repudiate
them.
Mr. ANTHONY. How are these claims to
be paid ? If they are good and valid claims,
why should they not be paid out of this appro-
priation ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall never get over
the admiration I have for my friend from
Rhode Island, nor ray amazement at some
part of his public career. Here we are under-
taking to provide for the current service, the
absolute necessity of the Navy Department
for the coming fiscal year. We undertake to
estimate in advance, and we have estimates
from the Navy Department in advance, that
are supposed to be based upon the actual ne-
cessities of the case, that do not include these
just claims, as my friend calls them. If the
Navy Department intends to apply any part
of the money which it asks of us in this bill
to these ancient purposes, let it say so in the
estimates, so that the representatives of the
people may know for what purpose they are
appropriating money. That is my objection.
I agree with the Senator from California,
that it would be a great abuse of trust in my
judgment if the Secretary of the Navy, or the
disbursing officers of the Navy, should apply
this money to any such ancient purpose; but
it has been once done under what was said to
be the special authority of a statute. _ I do not
propose, for one, to let it be done again, under
any administration, out of the current appro-
priations for the fiscal year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in on page 4, at the end of line
seventy-five:
3?or the purchase and fitting up of ng 'or
the United States hydrographic omee, Sio.uuu.
1 desire simply 10 say that the present build-
ing occupied by the hydrographic office is a
poor, rickety concern, and the Department tor
several years past has been recommending the
purchase and fitting up of a new building.
The Secretary, in his report this year, recom-
mends it specially, and it is estimated for in
the estimates.
I will say further that this office is growing
in importance not only to the Navy Depart-
ment but for the commercial marine. It is
really more important to the merchant vessels
than to the Navy Department. Sailing charts
are being prepared for all sailing purposes,
and money is being received for them and
turned into the Treasury of the United States.
As I say, this office is growing in importance.
It bas now many important plates and other
apparatus liable to be destroyed by fire. 1
understand that my friend from New York
[Mr. Conkxing] has presented several peti-
tions this session in favor of continuing this
oifiee, and improving it, and giving it greater
facilities. There is no doubt of its import-
ance. The question whether this appropri-
ation shall be made this year or next may
not be absolutely important. We may get
aloug for a year more as we have been doing;
hut it seems to me that an office so important
as this should be better provided for than it
is at present. It must come to this: there
should be a separate building, a building where
the plates can be kept safely ; and as this office
is to grow, we might as well appropriate this
sum now as ever.
Mr. COLE. I concur in what has been said
by the Senator from New Hampshire in regard
to the usefulness of this office and in regard
to its benefit to commerce and to the commer-
cial marine, as well as to the Navy, but that
bureau is now located in a tolerably convenient
building, I think it is on Eighteenth street,
where they have been for some little time, and
we have heretofore been to considerable
expense to fit up the office for them. I think
there is no great reason for providing a new
place within a year or two for that bureau.
We are now putting up some very expensive
buildings in the country, and just near this
office, in the immediate vicinity, a large build-
ing that is to afford accommodations for some
three or more Departments of the Government,
and possibly when that is completed, this bur-
eau may find accommodations in that building.
It is a branch of the Navy Department, and
that large building is intended particularly for
the Navy Department among others. I think
we had better not incur this expense or provide
another building until we ascertain whether or
not proper accommodations can be secured in
the building that is now inprocessof construc-
tion. I hope the amendment will not be
agreed to.
Mr. CRAGrlN. I have anticipated my friends
suggestion, and ascertained that the work car-
ried on by this office cannot properly be done
in the Navy Department proper even if the
new building is extended and enlarged. I
desire to read just a few words from the
Secretary's report on page 14:
" I strongly recommend that the reasonable sug-
gestions made by the head of this .office, approved
by the chief of the Bureau ot Navigation bo acted
upon, and especially that an appropriation for the
purchase of a suitable building be granted, as the
rented building now occupied is wholly inadequate.
The nature ot this work requires a building belong-
ing to and wholly under the command of the (xovern-
ment, which can be arranged to meet the increasing
demands of the service, and where the valuable ana
constantly increasing colicction oi plates, cuarts,
and documents can be entirely secure.
As I remarked before, this is more import-
ant to the merchant service than to the Navy,
and I understand that the Committee on Com-
merce have unanimously recommended this
very amendment, and were prepared to offer it
if the Naval Committee had not done so. 1
hope it will be adopted.
Mr. COLE. This is a matter that ought to
have the consideration of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds. I do not
know that we have a site for this building. It
is developed in the discussion that we are now
renting a building, so that the site now occu-
pied does not belong to the Government. This
is a matter that it seems to me clearly ought
to be considered by that committee before
we act upon it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. This question was
before the Committee on Commerce, apd they
considered other questions relating ' to the
hydrographic office; but they had in mind this
fact: that the wants of the Government in the
city of New York demanded public buildings
for other purposes, and they were not ready to
vote an appropriation for the purpose of put-
ting up a building for this special object, think-
ing that if the time should come, as they hope
it will, and not very far distant, when the Gov-
ernment shall erect buildings for public use
there, they will then be able to connect this
office with those public buildings. For this
reason the Committee on Commerce did not
recommend this appropriation.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will not press this amend-
ment under the circumstances unless the
Committee on Appropriations accent, it. I
withdraw it, and now offer the following
amendment, to come in afler line seventy-
five :
That tho naval officor at tho head of the hydro-
graphic office undor the Bureau of Navigation,
shall be entitled to tho highest pay of the grado to
which he belongs.
This is simply saying that the officer at the
head of the hydrographic ollico shall be en-
titled to the highest pay of the grade to which
he belongs. The officer now at the head of
the office is Commodore Robert N. Wyman, a
very accomplished and very competent officer,
ana this simply gives him the highest pay
of his grade, wheh is believed to be right. It
is the same as the bureau officers receive.
It makes a difference of only $200, or there-
abouts.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CRAGIN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in on page 2, at the close of
the seventeenth line:
That no officer on the retired list of the Navy shall
be employed on active duty except in time of war :
Provided, That those offioera on the retired list, and
those hereafter retired, who were, or who may be,
retired after forty years' service, or on attaining the
age of sixty-two years, in conformity with section
one of the act of December, 18tfl, and its amend-
ments, datod June 25,1864, or thoso who wero or
may be retired from incapacity resulting from long
and faithful service, from wounds or injuries re-
ceived in tbe line of duty, from sickness or expos-
ure therein, in conformity with the twenty-third
section of the act of August 3,1861, shall, after the
passage of this act, be entitled to seventy-five per
oent. of tho present sea pay of the grado or rank
which they held at tho time of their retirement.
And the rear admirals provided for m the act ot
Juno 5, 1872, shall be considered as having been
retired as rear admirals.
The first part of this amendment is a bill
that passed the House of Representatives
some time ago, I think at the last or second
session of this Congress, forbidding the em-
ployment of retired officers upon active duty.
It came to the Senate, and the Committee on
Naval Affairs agreed to the House bill with
an amendment providing that officers on the
retired list who have been honorably retired,
those who have been retired on account of
length of service, or in consequence of sick-
ness, or wounds, or disability incurred in the
line of duty, should, after the passage of this
bill, be entitled to seventy-five per cent, of the
highest pay of their grade as retired officers,
putting them on the same footing with the
retired officers of the Army. I am sure that
this amendment will commend itself to the
judgment of every Senator. At the present
time quite a portion of the retired officers are
upon active duty; they are officers who are
poor, whose circumstances make it necessary
that they should receive the active-duty pay,
and through themselves and their friends,
members of Congress and others, they are put
upon active duty. There are plenty of officei a
upon the active list to perform all the duties
of that list; and it seems to be right .aud
