1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
42d Cons....3d Sjgss.
Outlet for the Products of the West—Mr. Negley,
Ho. of Reps.
these great combinations to advance the inter-
ests of the managers in the aggrandizement of
political and material power, and there seems
to. be but one method with which to counteract
the dangerous encroachments and secure a
healthy competition, and that is by opening up
and improving the water-ways. By liberal and
prompt legislation in this direction, new-in-
. terests would arise and offer a restraining in-
fluence. This would be in accordance with the
political ideas of the founders Sf the Republic,
in establishing a check against absorption, and
by which the people would be individually
benefited and the nation enriched. The com-
binations entered into by railways for the trans-
portation of agricultural products are generally
exacting upon the consumer as well as the
producer in the excessive rates of freight
usually required.
It has been urged that competing lines of
railways insure low rates for carrying; but
experience has shown that this is not always
the case, for when competition is found to be
cheapening the rates, a railway convention or
meeting is held, and a tariff adopted to main-
tain them at a high figure. Frequently other
measures are resorted to to take advantage
of the necessities of the producer, such as
holding out inducements of moderate charges
while the water-ways are open, and then ad-
vancing them on the closing up of the canals
and rivers iu winter; plso the keeping back
of transportation by methods direct and indi-
rect, in order to take advantage of the situa-
tion whpn the waters are sealed with ice.
As an illustration of som'e of the railway
abuses, I quote from the report of the late
commissioner of railroads and telegraphs for
the State of Ohio, General George B. Wright,
published in the Cincinnati Board of Trade
report of 1872, page 17, to wit;
Rates for Transportation of Persons and Property,
"This is a morofruitfui source of complaint tlian
any other subject attempted to be regulated by
statute. There is not a railroad operated m the
State, either under special charter or the general
law, upon which the law regulating rates is not, in
some way, violated nearly every time a regular pas-
senger, freight, or mixed train passes over it.
" On those roads where scrupulous effort is made
to act within the limits of the law. it is violated in
some instances by charging passengers who fail to
purchase tickets an excess of regular ticket fare,
and in others, by charging an excess of the legal rate
for short distances, upon the purchase of tickets;
and in almost every instance wnorc light and bulky
articles, such as furniture, willow-ware, feathers,
and the like, are carried, a greater rate per ton per
mile is charged than the law allows; and articles ot
a hazardous nature or of great value are charged in
excess of their truo weight.
" The act of May 1,18o2, prescribing a tariff of
freights on railroads, is the next law on this subject
in order of date. It is entirely disregarded by rail-
road companies. Section thirteen of the act to pro-
vide for the creation and regulation of incorporated
companies in the State of Ohio, passed May 1,1852,
to which all companies organized smoe the adoption
of the present Constitution are subject, fixes the
maximum rate for transporting passengers tor all
distances at three cents per mile; and tor freight,
five cents per ton per mile, for distance ot thirty
miles or more; and for a less distance than thirty
miles, such reasonable rate as may be from time to
time fixed by the company.
"The only other act relating to rates was passed
March 8, 1865, and applies exclusively to branch
roads. It authorizes six cents per mile for the trans-
portation of passengers, and for freight, such rea-
sonable rates as may be. from time to time, nxed by
the company or prescribed by law; provided the
length of the branch road does not exceed ten miles.
"A strict enforcement of these provisions would
compel some companies to ultimately suspend busi-
ness; prohibit the transportation of certaia articles
by rail, or compel their transportation below actual
cost."
The members of the Cincinnati Board or
Trade were so impressed with the force of these
statements, coming as they did from an official
quarter, that at a stated meeting the following
preamble and resolutions were passed.
" Whereas the consolidation of railway corpora-
tions that are being effected throughout the different
States results in the establishment ''oSjfc
lines of road whoso termmi may be lor
whose peculiar interests are not iden tihed with those
of some of the States the eonsoMatfd hnes pass
through, and whose power may bo exerted over local
connecting roads(both through the trade and pecun-
iary resources they command) so as to prevent
them operating to the interests of those who con-
structed them; and the competition between some
of those consolidations against others, causes the
adjustment of freight rates in a manner injurious to
peculiar cities and localities, while their moral and
pecuniary influences are too great for private citi-
zens to contend against, and thus an undue amount
of power is placed in the hands of a board of direc-
tors, or even (in some cases) of an individual;
and whereas the diverse classification of freight on
different roads renders difficult the formation of
'through rates' between far distant points; and
whereas it is the present rule of railway com-"
panies to grant special rates on freights much lower
than their schedule rates, (on personal application
of the shippers,) but refuse to grant those special
rates unless the application is made at the identical
point the shipment is made from, and neglect to
maintain offioes at every point on those roads to
which and from -which freight might be shipped,
and at which those special rates might besoughtfor;
and whereas some corporations might be arbitrary
and perpetrate injurious acts to individuals who
might not have time or ability to obtain their
redress: and whereas full powerrests in the Congress
of the United States to regulate commerce between
the States: Therefore,
Resolved, That the attention of theBoards of Trade
established in all our commercial and manufacturing
cities, and of the National Board of Trade more espe-
cially, be directed to the consideration and investi-
gation of the matters herein before referred to.
Resolved. That the general freight agents of all
roads in the United States be exhorted to form a
general and national classification of freight.
Resolved, That the Congress of tho United States
be requested to pass such laws as shall prevent
injurious discrimination in rates or classification of
freigat, or extortionate chargos for its transfer, and
to simulifying the means by which redress can be
obtained by the weakest individual against tho
strongest corporation. k
Resolved, That the delegates of this board, and
of the Chamber of Commerce, to the National Board
of Trade, be requested to urge the consideration of
this subject at the approaching session of the na-
tional boards, and to favor such action and recom-
mendation by that body as will, in its judgment,
result in remedying the evils herein complained of.
But aside from the abuses referred to, which
I trust are exceptional, I know such to be the
case with some roads. There is an inability
of existing through lines of railroads to move
the agricultural and mineral products from
the far interior to the seaboard markets at
rates of transportation which will allow a mar-
gin of profit to the producer, and at the same
time cheapen the article to the consumer.
This is the subject I desire to deal with. The
wonderful growth of the West, the vast in-
crease in capacity for production, together
with the immenseamountof property annually
at risk, or lost, awaiting transportation, have
at length united in hastening the demand for
a more general utilization of the great lake
and river systems of the West; also for im-
proving the navigable tributaries of the Ohio,
and connecting these by a continuous chain
of water communication to the Atlantic ocean.
If these water lines were made available to
something near their full capacity, the healthy
effect on railway transportation would soon be
felt by all; for the old adage that " compe-
tition is the life of trade," is as true of carry-
ing as it is of selling. Their separate depart-
ments are already marked out for them. The
destiny of one is to carry passengers and val-
uable freight, the other the great staples,
such as coal, iron, sugar, cotton, wheat, corn,
petroleum, and the like.
The experinces of the past year furnish evi-
dence of the insufficiency of railway trans-
portation, especially in that broad interior
stretching between the Alleghany and Rocky
mountains, where, at many remote points,
corn was burnt for fuel. The contemplation
of this fact is melancholy, when one considers
how many people in the world have suffered
for want of this fuel as food, and how many
of its producers suffered for the comforts of life
through not being able to have it transported.
Often the railway has not the capacity to take
the freight that is offered, or its charges for
long distances are so high that it may not be
made available. For instance, at the city of
Pittsburg the coal shipped to the Mississippi
valley goes iu boats, railway transportation
being out of the question on account of the
high rates; andlastyear, owing to the bad condi-
tion of the Ohio river, many millions of bushels
of coal were lying in boats along the headwaters
of the river during the whole winter, while the
people residing on the coasts of the two great
rivers, from Cincinnati dowa to New Orleans,
were pinched for the want of it.
The improvement of great natural arteries
opening on the seaboard, East $nd South, and
reaching back into the headwaters of inland
streams, would have a stimulating'effect on the
mineral andagricultural production,and largely
increase our growing areas of cultivated land,
ilemote sections that have heretofore raised
products for home consumption only, would
be able to ■ send them forward to obtain a
higher market price, and to seaports where
they would be exported. The United States
is already entering into a competition with
southern Germany and .Russia for the grain
trade of England, France, Belgium,* and Switz-
erland, none ol' which countries produce much
more than half of what they require. If the
desired system of national navigation is estab-
lished, the United States would be able to
undersell these countries and to do the bulk
of the trade. So far it has of late been Cali-
fornia principally that has entered the lists with
the foreign wheat-exporting countries, but if the
other States are assisted to cheap transit by the
Government, California would soon be fol-
lowed by the States of the South and all the fer-
tile regions watered by the Mississippi, as well as
the States- of the East. As at present situated
California is obliged to seud her grain around
by Cape Horn, which shows the sea outlet
wherever available constitutes a national ad-
vantage that the eastern and southern Sta,tes
enjoy in being nearer the European market.
All that they require, m a sentence, is that
there shall be cheapness and facility in bring-
ing forward products from the interior to the
seaboard. In this way the exports would be-
come so great as to create a balauce of trade
in favor of the United Slates, and stop the
exhaustive draiu of coin to Europe which for
several years has disturbed commercial values
and kept up the premium on gold. In a word,
such a profitable export trade would aid re-
sumption and materially assist in sustaining
specie payments.
The legislation of true wisdom will seek to
lessen the devastating consequences of the
nation's overtrading in importations- by a com-
pensation in exports. We may easily estimate
the adverse balance by the introduction of
foreign goods in the port of New York alone
during the past week, the value of which
reached the enormous sum of $11,282,162.
It costs about thirty-five cents a bushel to
ship wheat from the Baltic to Liverpool,
and about forty-five cents from the Blatk sea
provinces; and when we reduce our rates by
internal improvements so as to be able to send
wheat from the Mississippi valley to Liver-
pool for thirty cents a bushel for the entire
transit, (and this is a-fair estimate ii' a new
system is properly inaugurated,) we shall secure
a iarge share of the trade of Europe for wheat,
when our exports will naturally exceed our
imports and gold will come into the country
instead of going out of it. This indeed may
be regarded as the most natural and solid basis
for the resumption and sustaining of specio
payments.
The< cheapness and facility with which geods
may be transported by water seems to have
suggested at a very early period the forma-
tion of canals. Egypt was intersected by
canals for the purpose of navigation ana
irrigation. Greece commenced a canal across
the isthmus of.Corinth. Canals in China
have served the purpose of cheap transit for
goods and passengers from a very ea,rly period.
The most celebrated among them is the Im-
perial or Grand canal, commencing at Hang-
