1354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
proper that the officers on the retired list
should not be put upon active duty except in
time of war. But in order to provide for their
necessities we propose to increase their retired
pay from fifty per cent, to seventy-five per
cent, of their active-duty pay, which is the
same proportion as is received by the retired
officers bf the Army.
. I want to say. further that I have had a
calculation made at the pay department, of the
Navy, and ae the Navy Register now stands,
this provision will not make an increase of
over $70,000 per annum, for the reason that
quite a large number of retired officers are now
on active duty receiving the highest pay.
This amendment will put them off active duty,
by which they cannot receive that highest pay;
so that deducting that from the increase this
amendment would otherwise make, it will only
add about $70,000 to the expense.
I have before me letters from the most
prominent officers- of the Navy urging the
passage of this amendment. Admiral Porter
says that it is the most important measure for
the Navy that has been proposed for years,
and so do many other of the best and ublest
officers. I hope there will be no objection to
the amendment, and that it may be adopted.
I will say while I am up, that the reasons
for paying retired officers of the Navy are cer-
tainly as strong if not stronger than for pay-
ing the retired officers of the Army. I wish
to read a single section of an old law by which
it. was provided that the prize money which the
officers of the Navv bring to the Treasury, or
their moiety, should be set apart and held
sacred forever, for the purpose of paying pen-
sions to the widows and children of naval offi-
cers who were disabled and half pay to those
who were disabled so that they could not longer
perform service. The act approved April 3,
1800, section nine, provides:
"That all money aocruing or which has already
accrued to the United States from the sale of prizes
entitled to receive the samo and if the said fund
shall be insufficient for the purpose, tho public faith
is hereby pledged to make up the deficiency. But
if it should be more than sufficient the surplus shall
be appliod to tho makinf? further provisions for the
comfort of thedisabled officers, seamen, and marines,
and for such as though not disabled may merit by
their bravery or long and faithful services the grati-
tude of their country."
Congress has seen fit to turn into the Treas-
ury of the United States this entire prize fund,
amounting to from twelve to fifteen million
dollars, and pay three per cent, interest upon
it. This three per cent, interest upon that
fund about pays the Navy pension?. If ihe
(Government should pay six per cent, interest
upon that fund, it would more than pay the
retired officers upon the list as at present.
There are, then, very strong reasons why the
pay of the retired officers should be increased
to seventy five per cent, of active duty pay, the
same proportion as is allowed in the Army.
In the first place, the pay of the naval officers
is not as great as that of the Army, and seventy-
five per cent, of it would be less than the
amount paid to retired Army officers of corre-
sponding grade; but it will be in the same pro-
portion. The adoption of this amendment
will cure many evils in the Navy, and will do
justice to the deserving class of officers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
N ew Hampshire.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and the ayes were sixteen.
Mr. CONKLING. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the amend-
ment to be simply this: it proposes to increase
the pay of the retired officers of the Navy fifty
per cent., and to prohibit any retired officer
of the Navy from performing active duty, the
result of which is, I suppose, to promote lower
officers in the Navy to the higher positions
where they may get additional pay, and to add
fifty per cent, to the pay of all officers of the
Navy who are retired at the age of sixty-two
years.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have not the
understanding of this amendment that the
Senator from Illinois has. I understand that
the retired officers of the Navy now receive
fifty per cent, of the pay that they received
when in active service, and that this gives them
seventy-five per cent, of that pay. „
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is an increase of
fifty per cent.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is one way
of stating it. It increases it twenty-five per
cent, on their pay when in active service. I
understand that that is the rule as to Army
officers who are retired, and I see no just rea-
son why a retired naval officer should not be
treated as well as a retired Army officer; and
especially is there force in that reasoning when
the fact remains that the pay of a retired Navy
officer will with this increase be very consid-
erably less than the pay of a retired Army offi-
cer, because his original pay when on active
duty is less.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
New Jersey allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if the Senator from New Jersey cannot accom-
plish his object by reducing the pay of the
retired Army officers so as to correspond with
the pay of the retired Navy officers, as well as
by raisiug the others up?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Oh, yes; you
could accomplish it by abolishing all their pay.
It is very easy for us to sit here and reduce
the pay of officers, when the price of everything
is increasing and when a good part of Con-
gress have it in contemplation to increase our
own pay. It is a thing that does not cost any
pain or trouble to us.
As to the other statement of the Senator
from Illinois, I do not think it is correct that
this amendment is to increase their pay while
it takes away from them duty. It is taking
away from them a privilege. It is their priv-
ilege to be employed in active service, for then
their pay is not that of the retired officer, but
of one in active duty; and when you relieve
them from active service, so that the officers
who are at sea may be a part of the time home,
not always kept from their families, and be
employed here, we ought to make this increase
on their retired pay.
Mr. CONKLING. If this were a proposi-
tion simply to increase the pay of naval offi-
cers, it would require but the twinkling of an
eye in my own mind to resolve how I should
vote. I should be opposed to increasing the
pay of naval officers or the pay of Army offi-
cers. I understand the reason and the nature
of the proposition to be entirely different from
that. The Navy Department in administer-
ing the Navy wants of course to keep it up,
to have the service efficient, to nourish and
invigorate it. Now there is a large number of
officers somewhat advanced in years, who, of
course, seek naturally and dilligently active
service, that being, as my friend from New
Jersey has said, a privilege, because it im-
ports and brings with it increased pay. The
standing of these officers, their relationships,
their presence, and the pressure of their re-
quests, render it very difficult for the Navy
Department, without a law to stand upon,
without any exercise of discretion on our part,
to ostracise these men, to banish them, and
say "no, the good of the service requires the
employment in active service of younger men,
and, therefore, you can stand back, no mat-
ter what may be the necessities of the families
dependent upon you, no matter how equitable
and generous and proper it would be to give
you pay as between you and some young man
who has no life of service behind him, no
family to support." Therefore, as the Senate
will see, the head of the Navy Department en-
counters continually the alternative of allow-
ing active service as a privilege to officers who
are advanced in years or of turning around and
doing the austere act of saying to them, " No,
this privilege is refused to you because, strictly
speaking, the good of the service requires
the employment of men younger in service,
younger in years, and having much smaller
claims, if claims are to come from merit here-
tofore shown."
Now, the purpose of the amendment is by
giving an increase, not of fifty per cent, but
of twenty-five per cent., because they receive
fifty per cent, now, and the proposal is to
make that fift.y per cent, seventy-five per cent.,
to enable the Secretary of the. Navy, without
doing a hard and ungracious thing, to say to
these officers, " that ought reasonably to sat
isfy the demands which you have and leave me
free, without the infliction of an injustice or a
hardship or seeming to ignore the claim which
confessedly you have, to put active men in
service, young men who need the training and
the experience which their being assigned to
active duty will give them."
Everybody must see (without affirming any-
thing now of the merits of this transaction) that
the proposition is very different from one merely
to increase the pay of these officers, to give
them a douccr, to add some benefit in their
cases. It is not so, I humbly conceive, at all.
And to go further and say a word on the merits
of the proposition, I understand that those
most skilled in regard to it in the first place,
affirm, as the Senator from New Hampshire
has already explained, that it will increase
very slightly only the total of the expense ;
and more especially they affirm that it is the
only way that the Secretary of the Navy can
maintain the Navy as it should be, for unless
he is virtually to turn Turk and barbarian, and
refuse to consider those things which we know
must be considered and ought to be consid-
ered, growing out of the long service and
necessities of these officers, it is utterly im-
possible for him, without some such provision
as this, to select and prefer the active men who
ought to be brought forward, and to compel
those more advanced to stand back.
Therefore I shall vote for this proposition,
having no doubt whatever of the propriety of
doing so, unless some Senator can suggest a
better or cheaper mode of reaching the result.
Certainly the result we must have. If this
is not the proper way, let some Senator who
objects to it present a substitute; but if there
be no objection to it except general criticism,
proposing nothing in its place, it proves to my
mind not only that it is wise, but with reason-
able certainty that there is no better mode
than this of doing so.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from New
York is advocating one portion of this prop-
osition ; the Senator from New Jersey is advo-
cating an entirely different portion of it. This
contains two propositions; one to disable
retired naval officers from performing active
duty, to disqualify them from discharging any
duty in the line of their profession, to retire
them absolutely from active duty and to put
them on half pay. That is the proposition
which the Senator from New York seems lo
favor; that is, he says that an officer who ar-
rives at the age of sixty-two must, without
regard to the nature of his employment, with-
out regard to the nature of his duties, and
without regard to the condition of his health,
be absolutely retired forever from all employ-
ment in the Navy.
The other proposition is that advocated by
the Senator from New Jersey, that we shall
add fifty per cent, to the pay of officers of
the Navy, who are now receiving far more in
my judgment than they ever received in times
past before the war—to add to the pay of
officers of the Navy who are disabled by our
law from performing any duty to the Govern-
ment of the United States.
These two propositions ought not to stand
