390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
purpose of being enabled to draw their pay I
during the recess?
Mr. NIBLAl'K. I do not wish to be un-
derstood quite so strongly as that. As a gen-
eral rule 1 have-R better opinion of gentlemen
men composing the Congress of the United
States than to state such a supposition in so
ruany words. [Laughter.] But that consid-
eration, in connection with other things of
more grave import, might have its influence.
Therefore, fearing it may have some influence,
however small, 1 think it best, to remove the
possibility of such influence by adopting this
amendment allowing members-elect to draw
their pay from the 4th of March, even though
th'ev do not assemble and organize till De-
cember.
It leaves the question of mileage for further
consideration. I am therefore in favor of the
amendment, and shall vote for it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, lam in favor
of this amendment, because I do not see any
difficulty in it or any danger to arise from its
operation. The case stated throws some light
on the question whether a man is a member
of the House before he is sworn in, but does
not seem to affect this resolution at all as to
the propriety of paying members before they
are sworn in. My colleague has stated accu-
rately the distinction the law made between the
case of General Blair and the case of General
Schenck, but he was not accurate in his state-
ment of the facts. The law of the case turned
on a statement of the facts, which has not been
made to the House. Both of those gentlemen :
left the Army between the 4th of March, when j
Congress commenced, and Congress had its
legal existence on the first Monday of Decem-
ber, when its regular session was to be held.
Both left the Army holding certificates of elec-
tion in the previous October by their respect-
ive constituencies. One of them, General
Schenck, a week before the first Monday in
December, when Congress was by law called i
together, resigned hia commission in the Army i
and came here and took his seat in Congress.
The other, General Blair, held on in the Army
after the first Monday of December, when the
law required him to take his seat here in Con-
gress to discharge the duties of his office, for a
month or so. He then came back here and
took his seat in Congress. The question was
referred to the Committee of Elections, and I
it decided that one, General Schenck, having ,
resigned his place in the Army before the law |
required him to discharge any duties here,
and the other, General Blair, having held on
to his position in the Army after the law re-
quired him to discharge his duties here, the
one determined he would take the position of ;
member of Congress and the other determined
he would take only his commission in the Army,
and therefore one had forfeited his seat in
the House, while the other, General Schenck, |
had not. j
Now, where a gentleman holds two places
which are incompatible, and draws hist pay
nnder a rule where he may draw his pay, and
then for another position where he cannot
legally draw his pay, he does-so at his peril.
If any man draws money as salary to which
he is not entitled, it would, of course, be com-
petent to recover that money. If any one !
should hold a judicial office and then take '
another office from the President incompat- !
ible with that judicial office, and payment
should be made to him for salary of each by
some one who did not know he held both
offices, he would draw those salaries at his
peril and would be compelled to refund.
There have been instances where money has
been drawn, and when the fact was brought to
the attention of the House, that to which the
party was not entitled was paid back. I think
under this resolution no man will get his pay
as a member of Congress who would not be
entitled to get his pay as a member of Con-
gress under any other rule.
Mr. HOAR. But is he a member of Con-
! gross until he takes his seat?
Mr. DAWES. No mnn is a member of
Congress until the law requires him to dis-
charge his duty as a member of Congress;
and if he discharges the duty of any other
office after that, he is by that act to be held
as declining the office of a member of Con-
gress.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But suppose a mem-
ber-elect who is disqualified by constitutional
amendment presents himself here, and whose
certificate may be all right, does not that,
proviso make the Clerk of the House a judge
in that case?
Mr. DAWES. Precisely as under the law
now. Any man who brings his certificate in
proper form the Clerk is required to put his
name on the roll, and he is authorized to vote
for Speaker in the organization of the House,
and to be sworn in.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I beg pardon; he
cannot be sworn in if he be challenged.
Mr. DAWES. But no man can be chal-
lenged until the House is organized.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILLARD. I wish to direct the at-
tention of the committee to the following pro-
vision in the Constitution :
" No person shall be a Representative who shall
not have attained the age of twenty-five years, and
have been seven years a citizen of the United States,
and who shall not, when elected, be an inhabitant
of that State in which he shall be chosen."
No one of those f&cts appears-on the cre-
| dentials which a man may present here, and
there is really no way of ascertaining those
' facts so far as the Clerk is concerned. And
I suppose that when a gentleman comes here
claiming to represent a district in the United
States, with proper credentials, it would be
entirely in order to raise the question at once,
before he was allowed to take the oath, that
he was not twenty-five years of age, that he
was not an inhabitant of the State from which
he claimed to be a Representative, and that
he had not been seven years a citizen of the
United States. And inasmuch as not one of
these facts can appear on the credentials or
certificate, it is plain that a person might re-
ceive pay under the proposed amendment for
nine months who was not entitled even to be
sworn in on the assembling of Congress.
For this reason among others which have been
mentioned here it has seemed to me to be
certainly a wise and prudent thing to allow
the law to remain as it now is, and the prac-
tice to be as it has been from the foundation
of the Government.
When the House is organized and the mem-
bers are sworn in, then they are clearly en- j
titled to pay, and to pay from the time of their ,
election, but until then, as has been said, I do
not know how it is possible to ascertain whether j
they are members of Congress. The creden- i
tials only show who has received a majority of
the votes. They determine, in fact, no ques-
tion bnt that. Prima facie they have been
held sufficient to seat a member on their pre-
sentation, but the House is not compelled to
do that. The question can be raised at any
time at the very threshold.
Mr. DAWES. How can that question be
raised until the members are sworn in? Be-
fore that the gentleman from Vermont has
no more right to question me than I have to
question him.
Mr. AMBLER. The fact that the gentle-
man's name is on the roll furnishes the right.
Mr. DAWES. The fact that I am on the
roll, or that the gentleman from Vermont is
on the roll, does not entitle me to object to
him, or entitle him to object to me.
Mr. WILLARD. It might; because the
members from Vermont are sometimes sworn
in advance of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, and might thus be entitled to raise a
question in regard to him in advance of his
being .sworn in.
Mr. DAWES. When sworn in constitu-
tionally, but not sooner.
Mr. WILLARD. But, Mr. Chairman, I
suppose it is a question, as has been admitted
here, that can be made previous to the oath
being administered to a member, that he is
not qualified to sit as a member of the House,
that he has not the constitutional qualifica-
tions. If the question had been raised here
when a gentleman appeared this morning as
successor to Mr. Mercur, of Pennsylvania, it
would have been a perfectly competent ques-
tion, and the House would have referred it to
the Committee of Elections. It seems to me
that we are practically deciding who compose
the next House if we vote for this amend-
ment.
Mr. COX rose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that all
debate on the pending amendment be closed
in ten minutes.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
Mr. COX. There are certain disqualifica-
tions for members of Congress in regard to
age, &c. I claim that under the Constitution,
by the fifth section of the first article, the
House is alone the judge of the qualifications
of its members; but by this peculiar amend-
ment you break down that clause and make
your Clerk the judge, certainly so far as pay is
concerned; and that is a good deal, for few
members would come to Congress if they did
not get their pay.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
must recognize the fact that the Clerk is now
the judge, so far as making out the roll of
members is concerned.
Mr. COX. I understand that perfectly. But
suppose, in advance, that a member comes
here from Louisiana, like Mr. Pinchback, with
the certificate of Governor-at-large Kellogg,
and suppose another man comes here from
Louisiana with a certificate from the proper
Governor, whom would the Clerk recognize
as entitled to the pay?
But I suggest, Mr. Chairman, that, all mem-
bers here can get their money by voting for
my amendment. Those who do not want to
meet on the 4th of March for the purpose of
getting their money can vote for my amend-
ment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What is your
amendment?
Mr. COX. To strike out the proviso which
says that, the Clerk may discriminate as to
excluding a man from the roll on account of
political dirtibilities. I say there never was a
question raised in this country of greater im-
portance than the question as to what consti-
tutes having given aid and comfort to the re-
bellion, and yet by this amendment you make
your Clerk the judge of that. The Senate once
adjudged that a man who gave twenty-five dol-
lars to his son, who entered the rebel army, was
disqualified. The Court of Claims argued the
question whether giving a cup of cold water
to a rebel soldier was giving aid and comfort
to the rebellion; and by the same sort of rea-
soning, if we had a bad Clerk he could rule
out the members from the South, who came
here representing their people, because he
might follow the rule laid down by the Senate,
or his own prejudices if he had them. Bnt
I ask the House why keep in this obnoxious
proviso discriminating about the rebellion
seven or eight years after the war has ended ?
Why keep up that miserable, foolish, ridiculous
oath which was administered to-day to a mem- ■
ber, an oath that he never went into the rebel-
lion, especially when the only man who has to
take it is the man who never went into the
rebellion, and the men who really went into
the rebellion are not required to take it ?
Why perpetuate this thing? Is any one elected
to the next Congress who was in the rebel-
lion? But one, Mr. Lamar, of Mississippi,
and you have already removed his disqualifi-
cations. Why keep up this odious thing ? Do
