1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1355
together, and I intend to offer an amendment,
which I hope will at least gain the vote of the
Senator from New York, and I trust the vote's
of the Senate. This proposition fixes the pay
of a retired officer at three fourths of his sea-
going pay—three fourths of his full pay if he
was an admiral or commodore in the Navy in
full discharge of his duty at sea.
Mr. CONKLING. How much does he get
now?
Mr. SHERMAN. Six thousand dollars a
year.
Mr. CONKLING. Fifty per cent, of that
now.
Mr. SHERMAN. Three thousand dollars
a year. Under the law as it now stands a
rear admiral at sea gets $6,000 ; a rear admiral
who is on shore duty gets $5,000; a rear
admiral who is waiting orders gets $4,000 a
year. That is, wbil% at sea, subject to heavy
expenses, he gets $6,000, and while on shore
duty, as in the Department, he gets $5,000;
but while waiting orders, at his home or where-
ever it is cheapest or most convenient for him,
he gets $4,000. Now mark it, this amend-
ment proposes to give him seventy-five per
cent, of his pay at sea. In other words, it
proposes to give to these old admirals, the old
officers who have been retired, more than the
pay of the active officers when waiting orders.
Mr. CRAGIN. Will the Senator allow me
to say that more than half the rear admirals
on the retired list were retired as captains, or
some grade lower than rear admiral, and have
been promoted rear admiral on the retired
list, but only drawn the pay of the grade they
held at the time of their letirement.^
Mr. SHERMAN. That makes no difference.
Many were retired on full pay, and the effect
of this amendment now proposed by the Naval
Committee will be to give these offices whom
by law we did declare to be unfit for any duty,
even clerical duty at the head of a bureau,
three fourths of full pay, or higher pay than
they would receive on the active list waiting
orders.
Sir, the singular anomaly is presented in our
Navy that the pay of the officers of the Navy
amounts to more than the pay of the men. We
have now one naval officer holding rank
equivalent to that of General, for every one
hundred and seventy men. So I am informed
by a Senator who understands the disposition
of the force. We have now more than three
times as many officers as are necessary for the
actual conduct of the small Navy we have
afloat. Under the present law a naval officer
gets one half of his sea-going pay ; that is, a
rear admiral gets $3,000 ; but under the pres-
ent law a rear admiral, if he is able to per-
form duty, may be assigned to duty by the
President of the United States. We know,
as a matter of fact, that some men at the age
of sixty-two years are not only fit but admira-
bly well qualified to perform the duties of
heads of departments, and other duties in
the Navy. Now we propose to pay about
$250,000 a year to save the Secretary of the
Navy from the trouble of saying no to those
who he thinks ought not to be kept on active
duty. That is the whole of this amendment
when you take the propositions together.
Under the law as it now stands a retired
officer may be employed in active service, and
when so employed he gets his full pay; but
some of these retired officers are not fit for
active service. They do not know it. They
apply to the Secretary of the Navy, and to
enable the Secretary of the Navy to refuse their
request without offending anybody, you pro-
pose to add to the pay of the retired officers not
less than $250,000. My friend from New
Hampshire says it is only $70,000. Let us
see. There are now twenty-nine rear admirals
on the retired list. There are but twelve
admirals on the active list, but ^here are
twenty-nine retired rear admirals of the Navy.
There are of commodores on the active list,
I think, twenty-five by law; and on the
retired list, forty-eight; and besides that
about two hundred other officers on the retired
list, making somewhere between two hundred
and seventy and three hundred, as near as I
can count them. Am I about right?
Mr. CRAGIN. The Senator is about right
as to the number. I will not interrupt him
now, but will correct his statements after he
shall have concluded.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have in the neigh-
borhood of three hundred retired officers.
Now, sir, I can show by the document before
me that if the average pay of these officers is
$4,000 a year, that is, if the pay of an officer
at sea is $4,000, this bill increases the pay of
every officer on the retired list on an average
$1,000 a year; or, if the estimate that I give
is too high, if the average pay of these officers
on sea duty is only $3,000, and that is less
than the pay of captains and commodores and
admirals, then the increase is in the neighbor-
hood of $250,000 a year. I cannot state how
many of them have titular rank above the rank
at which they were retired ; the Senator from
New Hampshire can no doubt state that: but
this amendment will undoubtedly add to the
expenses of the Government from $200,000 to
$250,000 a year. It will absolutely prevent a
man in the active physical enjoyment of
health, with all his faculties unimpaired, who
at the age of sixty-two years is admirably
qualified to perform the duties of the Navy,
from performing those duties ; it will retire
him, lay him aside on the shelf, disable him
from performing active duty. It will do that
as to officers of the Navy, without regard to
their health or condition ; and besides that, it
will add to the expenses of the Government
something like $200,000 or $250,000 a year.
In order to gain the vote of my friend from
New York, I will propose, to carry out the
logic of this plan, to strike out the words
" highest sea pay" where they first occur in
the amendment and insert " leave of absence
pay." Then, by giving them three fourths
of their leave of absence pay and making the
increase upon the leave of absence pay, it will
give them just about the present allowance of
half full pay.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should like
to ask the Senator if he is aware of what the
retired pay of a captain in the Navy is?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; I can give it
to you exactly. The pay of a retired captain
in the Navy is $2,250 a year.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is so.
What is the pay of a retired colonel in the
Army, which is the corresponding rank ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot tell; 1 will
come to that in a moment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is $3,375.
The one receives $2,250, and the other $3,375.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will come to that in a
moment. My friend from New Hampshire has
already alluded to the fact that retired Army
officers get seventy-five per cent, of their full
pay.
Now, Mr. President, if the amendment that
I propose be adopted, it will leave practically
the pay of the retired naval officers at about
what it is now, and it will accomplish the object
ofthe Senator from New York, of relieving the
Secretary ofthe Navy from the discrimination
or selection between officers past the age of
sixty-two years who are fit or unfit for active
service.
Mr. CONKLING.
It leaves the law just
as it is now.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ No, sir ; it will disable
them from performing any duty, just as the
amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire proposes.
Mr. CRAGIN. Then you should strike out
the last part of the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the effect of it.
If it is imporiant to legislate with a view that
these officers should not be enabled to apply
to the Secretary for active employment and I
am not at all sure but that if 1 were Secretary
of the Navy I should desire very much to be
relieved from the selection of these officers,
and to say who was fit and who was not fit for
active duty—we can strike out the last part
of the amendment and accomplish that. That
is what the House of-Representatives proposed
to do.
Mr. President, let me come to the, other
point. There is always some plausible argu-
ment for the increase of salaries. What is
the argument now ? It is alleged that the Army
officers who are retired get seventy-five per
cent, of their pay, and therefore retired naval
officers of the same rank ought to get seventy-
five per cent, of their pay. In the first place,
the retired Army officer only gets seventy five
per cent, of his net pay, without any ot' the
allowances that are given to him of quarters,
&c., during actual war, and therefore the
basis of the seventy-five per cent, is on a lower
Mr. WEST. If the Senator will permit
me, there is no such thing as an allowance in
addition to the pay of an officer of the Army
at the present day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I say in actual service.
Mr. WEST. The pay was increased to meet
the allowance.
Mr. SHERMAN. Even yet there is an al-
lowance for quarters in actual war. If the
Army were ordered out into actual service in
the field now they would be entitled to allow-
ance for quarters.
Mr. CRAGIN. If the Senator will allow
me, I will call his attention to this fact:
under this amendment a rear admiral, which
is the corresponding grade to that of major
general in the Army, will receive $4,500.
Retired major generals, General Hooker, for
instance, General Wood, and others, to-day
receive $5,625.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are on active duty.
Mr. CRAGIN. They are on the retired
list, and they receive that as retired pay ; so
that if this ameudment should pass, a retired
rear admiral would receive $1,100 less than a
major general on the retired list of the Army.
Mr. SHERMAN. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say that a rear admiral iu the Navy gets
less than a major general in the Army ?
Mr. CRAGIN. Certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is right enough;
and why ? How many rear admirals are there
now on the active list? Ten, I think.
Mr. CRAGIN. Ten.
Mr. SHERMAN. And there are three
major generals. There are more rear admi-
rals in the Navy than there are major and brig-
adier generals in the Army. There iB the dif-
ference. Take the case of a commodore.
You have twenty-five commodores in the
Navy, and they have the corresponding rank
with a major general in the Army, I believe.
Mr. CRAGIN. No: of a colonel.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; a commodore has
the rank of a brigadier general at any rate,
and I think of a major general.
Mr. STEWART. Of a brigadier.
Mr. SHERMAN^ You have twenty-five
commodores on the active list and thirty-nine
on the retired list, and only eight brigadier
generals in the Army. There is the difference.
You have only eight thousand men iti the Navy,
while you have twenty-seven thousand in the
Army. You have ten admirals ; first, one Ad
miral-in-Chief, one Vice Admiral, and ten rear
admirals, and twenty-five commodores in the
Navy to command eight thousand men ; while
yon have but one General, one Lieutenant
General, three major generals, and eight brig-
adier generals to command the Army. You
have more rear admirals of the first rank than
you have of general officers in the Army with-
out regard to the retired list. So to say that
because a major general in the Army gets this
large sum, therefore all the commodores should
get this large sum, is not fair reasoning wlu-n
you look at the extent of the service.
Now, Mr. President, let me warn the Sou-
