1356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
ate that the Navy of the United States is
confessedly the most expensive branch of the
public service. Although the commodores do
not get as high pay as major generals, yet in
proportion to the number of officers and men
the Navy is altogether the most Extravagant
institution in the United States of America.
I do not know but that it ought to be, because
it comes in contact with foreign nations; but
I warn Senators that it is not wise to increase
the expenses ofthe Navy in proportion to the
other branches of the public service, because
it will excite against it an opposition that will
eventually lead, probably, to injustice.
Again, the Navy has many advantages.
During any war, under the present law, the
Navy officers get large prize money; and we
know as matter of fact that during our late
war, which was mainly waged upon land, many
of our officers for gallant services received
very large sums for prize money. No officer
of the Army receives such sums; no officer
of the Army can get any prize money. General
Grant, who captured the whole confederacy,
never got a dollar; and so with other Army
officers. The naval officers received large sums
in prize money.
The Senator from New Hampshire says there
is a fund of thirteen or fourteen million dol-
lars now pledged for distribution among these
officers. Not at all. At the time that pledge
was made there was no retired list at all, no
appropriation made for retired officers, no
money paid to them whatever except in case
of disability. They were simply pensioners
when disabled from public service, and paid
at pension rates. This naval pension fund
is a mere name, a mere shred. It ought to
have been carried long ago into the surplus
fund. The interest of it is still more than suf-
ficient to pay the pensions provided by law.
Mr. ANTHONY. About half. The inter-
est on it would pay the pensions provided by
law if the Government paid the proper rate of
interest, but the Senator from Ohio cut the
rate down to three per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. The naval
pensioners get their pay out of the very same
money that the Army pensioners do. No
naval pensioners ever get less than the amount
provided by law. It has always been paid in
full. The naval pension fund is kept there as
a mere thing to carp at, and it ought to be
carried into the Treasury.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will allow
me, the Navy put that money in the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us see as to that.
The Navy capture a vessel, and under our law
one half of the proceeds of that capture is
immediately distributed among the officers and
crew, and the other half is paid into the naval
pension fund. Now, suppose the Army cap-
tures something; the officers of the Army get
nothing; the soldiers of the Army get nothing;
the whole of it goes into the Treasury. And
now, after we have paid one half of the cap-
ture to the officers and men, and distributed it
among them as prize money, because the other
half is kept in the Treasury as security for
their pensions, pay, <fcc., to say 
Mr. ANTHONY. But that law prevailed
when these men entered the Navy. They
entered the Navy under that law and that con-
dition of things.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then why does not the
Senator propose to repeal it'! If the Govern-
ment of the United States is to get no benefit
whatever from captures made by the Navy, but
we must give them their pay and their accom-
modations, maintain them, build vessels for
them, and at the same time not one dollar of
the proceeds of their captures can go into the
public Treasury, I ask the Senator, who has
been so long on the Naval Committee, why he
does not propose to repeat tjjat law ?
Mr. ANTHONY. That is a very singular
question. Because we agreed that we-would
give to the Navy the proceeds of a certain
fund, the Senator asks why do we not repeal
it. We do not repeal it because we pledged
ourselves that they should have the proceeds
of that fund when they entered the Navy. At
least that was the law when they entered it.
Mr. SHERMAN. When was that law
passed?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know; a great
while ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was passed, I believe,
before the war of 1812.
Mr. ANTHONY. A great while ago, before
any man in the service now had entered it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was passed at a time
when the Government of the United States
had not established the present Navy, or
scarcely established the skeleton of the pres-
ent Navy.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think we had a better
Navy then than we have now, at least in the
amount of vessels, proportionately.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, Mr. President, let
us come back. I have shown you that the
similitude between the Army and the Navy is
not carried out. It is true the retired Army
officer gets seventy-five per cent, of his ordin-
ary pay. If that is too high, cut it down.
Then there is another thing to be considered.
The number of retired officers of the Army
never can exceed three hundred; so that out
of all the officers of the Army now, four or
five times as great as the number of officers
of the Navy, the number of those retired never
can exceed three hundred. Although there
may be men who have arrived at an age
when they ought to be retired, although they
may be disabled by wounds, although they
may receive only our ordinary pension of
twenty-five or thirty dollars a month, yet, if
the number of three hundred is reached, they
cannot be placed on the retired list. We have
nearly three hundred on the retired list of the
Navy, while the Army is three or four times
as large as the Navy.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not like to inter-
rupt the Senator, but the officers of the Navy
are put upon the retired list, and officers of
the Army are kept upon the active list, and if
they cannot perform full duty, they receive
full pay.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary, there
is the injustice. The Senator knows very well
that the Army was razeed down three or four
years ago, and all officers unfit for active duty
were put on the pension list, turned over as
pensioners, except the three hundred men
who were kept simply under the law. The
present officers of the Army are all men of
active physical strength, or if they are not,
the boards that have been provided have not
performed their duty, and I have no doubt
that they have. Great injustice was done by
that law. All supernumerary Army officers
were mustered out of the service.
Sir, the difficulty is this: the number of
officers in our Navy is too great for the public
service, too great for any service that they will
be likely to be called upon to perform. If
they had been put through the same process
that the Army was put through three or four
years ago, the officers of the Navy would not
be more than one third or one half what they
are now. This is an effort to crowd off those
who have arrived at the age of sixty-two years
at a very high pension, far beyond any ever
given by the Governmentof the United States,
for the benefit of the younger men in the ser-
vice, and there are too many of them. In
other words, by our law regulating the Naval
Academy, we are forcing into the naval service
more officers than are necessary to organize
a navy like ours. That is the trouble. This
bill seeks to avoid that difficulty by increasing
the length of term of naval cadets, by adding
two years, and thus diminishing the number
one third. There has been the trouble.
Now I think those who are acquainted with
our naval affairs ought not to ask us on this
bill, an appropriation bill, to increase the
expenses of the Government somewhere be-
tween two hundred and two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars, and to increase the pay of a
class of men who are now receiving a liberal
allowance, for men who have passed all active
service. They ought not to ask us to do this,
because if the example is set it will be followed
again. The comparison between the Army
and the Navy, for the reasons I have given, is
not a just one; first, because the allowance
of seventy-five per cent, is upon the ordinary
pay of the Army officer; and secondly, because
the Army officer has no place of retirement
when he has arrived at the age of sixty-two
years, the retired list being full. It is a matter
of great favor to get upon that retired list. He
must perform his duties, or if he is disabled
from performing them, he must resign and
retire from the public service. Besides, the
number of Army officers, being three or four
times as great as the number of naval officers,
they have not the same opportunity of getting
upon the retired list. Then they have no
opportunity of receiving additional pay in the
shape of prize money. Under these circum-
stances, to increase the pay of these retired
naval officers would be unjust, in my judgment.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think it would
be unjust. I do not think the Senator from
Ohio has fairly stated the question. He speaks
of the prize money that is received as a rea-
son why there should not be an increase of
compensation to the retired officers of the
Navy. The retired officers get none of the
prize money. They are out of the service and
have nothing to do with it.
Mr. SHERMAN. They have already got it.
Mr. STEWART. They may have, and
they may not. The great majority of them
have not got it. The great majority of them
are poor. They are retired, many of them,
by an arbitrary law, at a time when all their
faculties are still vigorous and they are able
to perform service ; but their lives have been
devoted to a special service which more than
any other disqualifies them for the business
of life, much more so than service as an officer
of the Army. A sailor is usually disqualified
for civil life upon the land.
Mr. WEST. He is always at sea when on
shore. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. He is always at sea when
on shore, as the Senator suggests. They are
retired at the age of sixty-two, arbitrarily, no
matter what their capacity may be, no matter
what their necessities may be. The Senator
from Ohio estimates that the average pay, if
they had full pay, would be $3,000 per annum.
If that be correct, then their average pay now
is $1,500 per annum.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, that is not correct.
The average pay now of a retired officer is
about $2,(>00.
Mr. STEWART. Then, if the average pay
now is about $2,000, the pay of a captain would
be $1,100.
Mr. SHERMAN. The pay of a captain is
$2,250.
Mr. STEWART. Then it would be $1,125.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no. The full pay
of a captain is $4,500, and the half pay of a
retired captain would be $2,250.
Mr. STEWART. Then the present half
pay of a captain is $2,250 a year.
Mr. CRAGIN. For the information of the
Senator I will say that there is only one cap-
tain on the retired list who draws the half pay
of a captain. There are fourteen captains on
the retired list, but they were all with one ex-
ception retired under the grade of captain ; so
that there is only one who draws the pay of a
captain.
Mr. STEWART. What does a lieutenant
commander get? Some of them are very
eminent men.
Mr. CRAGIN. Twelve hundred dollars.
Of the list of captains on the retired list, seven
were retired as lieutenants, and are now draw-
ing twelve or thirteen hundred dollars a year.
Mr. STEWART. Here are persons whom
