392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 7,
Mr. McCRARY. It will be observed that
expenditures for this purpose have rapidly
increased within the last two years. During
the twelve years preceding the Forty-First
Congress the amount paid out in this way was
$173,595 79, or about $28,932 for each Con-
gress. But the expenditures during the Forty-
First Congress for this purpose reached a sum
exceeding $100,000. The amount which will
be expended by the present Congress is not
yet determined, because a number of claims
are still pending and undecided.
These expenditures are the payments made
to unsuccessful parties. The practice of the
House has been to pay the party failing and
to refuse payment to the successful party. It
is difficult to see upon what ground this rule
can be maintained; and a case arose during
the last session of this House in which it was
decided that a gentleman who had successfully
defended his right to a seat ought to be paid
his expenses. I am satisfied we must adopt
one of two rules; either we must pay both
parties, or we mustabolish payment altogether.
The committee believe that parties who in-
stitute litigation of this character should take
their chances precisely as parties do in any
other litigation. It may be that a case 'will
sometimes occur where there may be a hard-
ship; but I am well satisfied that any evil
which may result from discontinuing the pay-
ment of expenses in these cases will not be
comparable to the evil which now results from
the practice of payment which has obtained in
this House. I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
House will adopt the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, it strikes
me that this amendment should not be adopted
without full consideration. It is true that the
payments in contested-election cases have been
considerable ; and it is possible that those
payments, which have generally been made
under the direction of the Committee of Elec-
tions, have not been as carefully guarded as
they might have been by that committee,
though upon that point I am not prepared to
make even a suggestion. Now, my acquaint-
ance with the proceedings of the House leads
me to conclude that this has been the rule of
that committee, to recommend the payment of
only such contestants who they are satisfied
have come here with a good case of contest;
that is, with a contest for which there appears
to be just and reasonable grounds; and to re-
fuse payment in all cases of contest which are
clearly frivolous and obviously gotten up for
the purpose of annoyance to the sitting mem-
ber and from other improper motives.
Mr. Chairman, this is not only a matter be-
tween the contestant and the sitting member.
It involves a matter of high public policy that
the facility for making contest where there are
just and reasonable grounds should not be in
any way embarrassed. It is a great safeguard
to the purity of the ballot-box. It is a great
protection to the ballot-box, at least in many
parts of the country, if not, indeed, through-
out the whole country. Should it once be
understood that by any kind of chicanery, by
any kind of indirection, a sufficient number
of false votes can be got into a ballot-box to
secure the certificate of election, and that a
inan so elected is to hold his seat unless his
opponent shall engage in a contest at his own
charges and cost, it seems to me it will offer a
great inducement to practice frauds upon the
ballot-box. We should make the facility to
contest elections as great as possible ; we
should throw as few obstacles in the way as
may be. We will offer inducements to a great
deal of fraud and improper conduct by remov-
ing one of the great means by which it may
be exposed, if not prevented.
I hope this amendment will not be hastily
considered. I would be glad to see a greater
degree of caution exercised than has been ex-
ercised heretofore. Men come here and are
denied seats, leaving always a kindly feeling
on the part of the House toward the unsuc-
cessful candidate, and we compromise the mat-
ter by a resolution brought in by some gen-
tleman on the Election Committee giving
the unsuccessful contestant $1,500, $2,000, or
$4,000, as the case may be. There ought to
be some greater degree of caution exercised
in these cases, so as to pay only where there
have been good grounds for contest. This
amendment seems to me to make too great an
innovation in the practice of the House, and
is one I do not think it is wise for us to adopt.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope we will
have a vote now.
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows: '
For twenty-eight pages, including three riding
pages, $14,800.
j Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend by
inserting after the words "riding pages"—and
it is the same on page 4 of the bill in reference
to the Senate—the words " at the rate of
three dollars per day while actually em-
ployed."
Mr. Chairman, that would put our pages on
the same footing as to pay as those of the Sen-
ate. I am sure the members of the House
will feel that the labor done by our pages is ,
more arduous than that by the Senate pages.
I therefore see no justice or propriety in mak-
ing any discrimination as to their pay against
our own pages.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I recognize
the injustice of one branch paying its em-
ployes more than the other. It is for the
House to say, however, whether the Senate
pays too much or we too little. I know of |
no good reason why the two bodies ftould !
not pay the same. I know the reason given
by one of the Senate pages, that the Sen-
ate was a more dignified body and a Senate
page had greater rights. Whether we level
up  r level down remains for the House to
say. The motion of the gentleman is that our
riding pages shall have three dollars per day
while actually employed, which is what the
Senate pages receive.
Mr. MAYNARD. My amendment is the
same as the provisions for the Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
have taken no action on it, but leave it for the
House to determine.
A Member. How much do they get now?
Mr. MAYNARD. Two dollars and fifty
cents per day.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I move the following
amendment, to be inserted instead of the pay
provided for in a former part of the bill:
And to the chief clerk and the Journal clerk, $3,600
each.
Mr. Chairman, I wish simply to state this
fact, that the chief clerk of the Senate receives
$4,000 a year, while our chief clerk receives
but $3,000. I wish to approach equality by
making it $3,600. Our Journal clerk, too, is
required to be here during the whole year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the usual additional compensation to the re-
porters of the House for the Congressional Globe for
reporting the proceedings of the House for the ses-
sion of the Forty-Second Congress, beginning on the
first Monday in December, 1873, $800 each, $4,000,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to strike
out the word "second" and insert in lieu
thereof the word "third;" so it will read,
"for the session of the Forty-Third Con-
gress."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
For two policemen at the President's House,
$2,640.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to
amend the paragraph by striking out " $2,610,"
and inserting in lieu thereof " $3,108." This
equalizes the pay of the policemen employed
about the Capitol.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for a division on
that amendment. Whenever any salary is in-
creased the next step is to bring up everything
else to the same standard.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will state to
the gentleman from Indiana that a petition
was brought on the 18th November to the
Committee on Appropriations, setting forth
that there were but two policemen in charge
of the Executive Mansion provided for in this
bill, and that those policemen were receiving
a rate of pay lower than that of any of the
policemen in the other Executive Depart-
ments of the Government, or than that of the
policemen employed here; that they were
receiving $1320 a year, whereas we were pay-
ing our policemen and the policemen in the
other Executive Departments a larger sum.
And they also made the statement that they
had more service to do; that they had a
longer number of hours to serve than the
policemen in other Departments had. A let-
ter was sent to the officer in charge of the
public buildings and grounds, asking his re-
port on the facts stated in the petition. He
replied, confirming what was there stated, and
he added that when the twenty per cent, was
discontinued these policemen were not in-
cluded in the increase of salary given per-
manently to the Capitol police.
When the committee had this statement as
to the services of these men, and the state-
ment also that they had this pay at the time,
when they, as well as the Capitol police, had
their pay raised by the twenty per cent, law,
but that when the permanent increase was
given to the Capitol police it was not given to
these men, it seemed to be only just to restore
them to the equality which both had under the
twenty per cent. law.
Mr. HOLMAN. The objection, Mr. Chair-
man, to this legislation is that there is an ever
lasting tendency to raise salaries; and the
argument is uniformly—just as it has been
stated now by the gentleman who represents
the Committee on Appropriations—that some-
body else gets a higher salary than the particu-
lar salary under consideration. I believe E
have never known but once—at least for years
past—the Committee on Appropriations, or
its chairman, to propose to equalize salaries
by the reduction of one which by some fortu-
itous action had been increased above the
general level.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In this very
session I have asked permission, and got per-
mission to cut down a whole row of salaries in
the Post Office Department.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is the very exception
I was referring to. It is the only exception I
have known. But, with that exception, the
rule has been that, when by some fortuitous
circumstance a salary has been raised above
the general level, then we have the argument
that other persons do as much duty, and their
pay must be raised to the common level of the
higher salary.
I am aware, sir, that to resist an increase of
salary is an exceedingly ungracious thing to do,
and it never has any effect. These salaries in-
crease year by year. The salaries which a
few years ago, when I was first on this floor,
were $750 are now $1,580, more than double.
We make an appropriation now of $56,000 for
the policemen about this Capitol, when but a
very few years ago $14,000 covered the whole
expenditure for that purpose. And this is the
way in which our expenditures go up. We
increase, in the first place, the salary of some
very meritorious gentleman who is daily asso-
ciated with us here, and then we make that
the basis of similar salaries everywhere else.
I know all that can be done is to enter a pro-
test against it, and I do make that protest
against this increase of salary going steadily
on, session after session.
