1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1357
you have educated for a particular employ-
ment. They have spent their lives in this ser-
vice. They have families to support. At a
certain age you retire them from service.
They are incapacitated from entering into any
other kind of business. They may be able to
go to sea, because that is a specialty with
them; but you leave them without adequate
support for their families. If you want to
commence a reform by reducing the number,
very well; do not educate so many; do not
place so many in this situation ; but after the
nation has availed itself of the whole life of a
man, so to speak, in an employment that dis-
qualifies him from entering into ordinary busi-
ness, and he has devoted himself to the ser-
vice of the country, if it attempts to do any-
thing toward his support it ought to do
enough to beep him above absolute want, to
keep him above starvation; and at present
prices $1,200 a year will not support a man
and his family in any part of the United States.
It is a very gloomy prospect for those in the
service under the age of sixty-two to reflect
that when they arrive at that age—and promo-
tion is slow ; they have got to be retired most
of them probably below the grade of captain
—they are to be cut off with a mere pittance
of some $1,200 a year, and their families are
to suffer.
1 say that is not the way to treat the Navy.
If you are going to curtail the expenses of
the Navy, do not have so many men in it. If
there are too many in it, limit the number
that shall go to Annapolis ; limit the number
in any way you please; but alter a man has
served his country during his whole life, and
the Government pretends to give him some-
thing to live on, and it is known that that is his
only means of support, and must be in nine
eases out of ten his only hope for a living for
himself and his family, to put him off with
twelve or fifteen hundred dollars in these times,
which will not support him in the humblest
manner in this country, I say is too hard; it
is wrong. I do not care what comparison you
make with the Army or what others get; this
is not enough, and the increase of twenty-five
per cent, more, making the retired pay three
fourths of the full pay, seems to me to be
demanded by the justice of the case.
Mr. ANTHONY. This amendment com-
mends itself very strongly to my judgment in
both its branches, both in the discontinuance
of the employment of retired officers upon
active duty, and in placing their retired pay on
the same basis as that of the Army. Then they
will receive less than the officers of the Army
of the same grade. There is no doubt about
that, and I think the chairman of the commit-
tee must have a comparative table which shows
that fact, that the officers of the Navy receive
less than the officers of the Army of corre-
sponding rank.
Mr. CKAG1N. That is so.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then if their retired pay
is made the same as the retired pay of officers
of the Army in proportion to their active pay,
they will still be underpaid as compared with
the Army; and there is a reason why an offi-
cer of the Navy should be paid more than a
retired officer of the Army, although I would
on no account reduce the pay which is paid to
the Army, because the first thing you have to
do to make a man a good sailor is to make him
unfit for anything else. Ihat mode of life to
which a man is subjected with four or five
hundred or a thousand people crowded to
gether in a narrow compass, not much larger
than some gentlemen have for their dwelling
houses, away from their country oftentimes, a
large part of that time away from any coun-
try—that mode of life gets a man into such
habits as disqualify him for active duty upon
shore. A soluier is generally a business man.
A good Army officer must be a good business
man. The nature of hia duties requires those
habits of him that make a good business man;
but it is very different with a sailor.
Nor do I agree at all with those who think
we have too large a personnel of the Navy. The
true theory of our Navy is a very large person-
nel in proportion to the vessels, a small force
afloat, large stores of all the imperishable
materials of a navy ready for a construction at
any time, with ample workshops, tools, and
all the contrivances for putting a navy afloat
at short notice. You qan improvise an army
and make a very good army. "You cannot im-
provise a navy. To make a good sailor you
must catch him when young; you must begin
when he is a boy. _ There are gentlemen in this
Chamber who, going out of civil life, have dis-
tinguished themselves in the Army, men under
whom I would be very willing to march, if I
had to march at all; but I would not be willing
to go under the command of any one of those
men afloat. You cannot take a man from civil
life and make a good naval officer. It is not
easy to take a man from the merchant service
and make a good naval officer of him.
If we had had a navy upon the theory to
which I now refer, with a large personnel, a
small and efficient force afloat, and plenty of
materials, when the rebellion broke out, it
would have made a vast difference in the
duration of the fight, a vast difference in the
expense of blood and of treasure.
If we now cut down our Navy and dismiss
these experienced officers because we have
no use tor thepi to-day, the time will come
when we shall regret it very much. A good
naval force is an insurance. It is the premium
we pay for the insurance of the peace of the
country and the defense of the country. There
is no reason why we should decrease our naval
force, and if I were to do anything in that
direction I would rather increase it. Although
I agreed with the Committee on Naval Affairs
in the proposition to strike off the grades of
Admiral and Vice Admiral in the Navy when
those offices shall become vacant, it never
commended itself to my judgment. I think
we should have a complete naval organiza-
tion. I hope, sir, that this amendment will
pass.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understand
there is a message from the President of the
United States on the table which, if this be a
convenient time, I should like to have read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A message from
the President of the United States has been
lying on the table for some time. The Chair
deferred presenting it, supposing that possibly
this bill might be disposed of in a short time ;
but if there be no objection he will present the
message now.
Mr. COLE. Let the bill be laid aside
informally for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
laid aside informally.
CONDITION OF AFFAIRS IN UTAII.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following message from the Presi-
dent of the United States ; which was read:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
I consider it my duty to call the attention of Con-
gress to the condition of affairs in the Territory of
Utah and to the dansers likely to arise, if it con-
tinues during the coming recess, from a threatened
conflict between the federal and territorial author-
1 'no discussion is necessary in regard to the general
policy of Congress respecting the territories of the
United States, and X only wish now to refer to so
much of that policy as concerns their judicial aiinirs
and the enforcement of law within their borders.
No material differences are found, in respect to
these matters in the organic acts of the ierritories,
but an examination of them will show that it has
been the invariable policy of Congress to place and
keep their civil and criminal jurisdiction, with cer-
tain limited exceptions, in the hands of persons
nominated by the President and confirmed by .the
Senate, and that the general administration ot jus-
tice should be as prescribed by congressional enact-
ment. Sometimes the power given to the territorial
Legislatures has been somewhat larger and some-
times somewhat smaller than the powers generally
conferred. Never, however, have powers been given
to a territorial Legislature inconsistent with the
idea that the general judicature ot the Territory
was to be under the direct supervision ot the na-
i tional Government.
Accordingly, the organic law, creating the Terri-
tory of Utah, passed September'9,1850, provided for
tho appointment of a supreme court, the judges of
which are judges of the district courts, a clerk, a
marshal, and an attorney, and to these Federal offi-
cers is confided jurisdiction in all important mat-
ters; but, as decided recently by the Supremo
Court, the act requires jurors to servo in these courts
to be selected in such manner as the territorial
Legislature sees fit to prescribe. It has undoubtedly
been the desire of Congress, so far as the same might
be compatible with the supervisory control of the
territorial government, to leave tho minor details
connected with the administration of law to regula-
tion by local authority: but such a desire ought not
to govern when the effect will be, owing to the pe-
culiar circumstances of the case, to produce a con-
flict between the Federal and the territorial author-
ities, or to impede the enforcement of law, or in
any way to endanger the peace and good order of
the Territory.
Evidently it wgs never intended to intrust the
territorial Legislature with power which would en-
able it, by creating Judicatures of its own, or in-
creasing the jurisdiction of courts appointed by ter-
ritorial authority, although recognized by Congress,
to take the administration of the law out of the
hands of the judges appointed by the President or
to interfere with their action.
Several years ol unhappy experience make it ap-
parent that in both of these respects the Territory
of Utah requires special legislation by Congress.
X^ublic opinion in that Territory, produced by cir-
cumstances too notorious to require further notice,
makes it necessary, in my opinion, in ordor to pre-
vent the miscarriage of justice and to maintain the
supremacy of the laws of tho United States and of
tho Federal Govornment, to provido that tho soloc-
tion of grand and petit jurors for the district courts,
if not put under the control of Federal officers, shall
be placed in the hands of persons entirely inde-
pendent of those who are determined not to enforco
any act of Congress obnoxious to them, and also to
pass some act which shall deprive the probate oourts,
or auy court created by the territorial Legislature,
of any power to interfore with or impede the action
of thecourts held by the United States judges.
I am convinced thatso long as Congress leaves the
selection of jurors to the local authorities it will be
futile to make any effort to enforce laws not accept-
able to a majority of tho people of the Territory, or
whioh interferes with local prejudices or provides
for the punishment of polygamy, or any of its affili-
ated vices or crimes.
I presume that Congress in passing upon this sub-
ject will provide all reasonable and proper safe-
guards to secure honest and impartial jurors, whose
verdicts will command confidence and be a guarantee
ot equal protection to all good and law-abiding citi-
zens, and at tho same time malic it understood that
crime cannot bo committed with impunity. I have
before said that while the laws creating the sovoral
Territories have generally contained uniform pro-
visions in respect of the judiciary, yet Congress has
occasionally varied these provisions in minor dotails
as the circumstances of the Territory affected socm
to demand, and in creating tho Territory of Utah
Congress evidently thought thatcircumstances there
might roquire judicial remedies not necessary in
other Territories; for by section nine of the act cre-
ating that Territory it is provided that a writ of
error may be brought from tho decision of any judge
of the supreme or district courts of tho Territory to
the Supreme Court of tho United States upon any
writ of habeas corpm, involving the question of per-
sonal freedom—a provision never inserted in any
other territorial act except that creating the Terri-
tory of New Mexico. _
This extraordinary provision shows that Congress
intended to mold the organic law to the peculiar
necessities of the Territory, and the legislation which
I now recommend is in full harmony with the pre-
cedent thus established. ,
I am advised that United States courts in Utah
have been greatly embarrassed by the action of the
territorial Legislature in conferring criminal juris-
diction and the power to issue writs of habeas corpus
on probate courts in the Territory, and by their con-
sequent interference with tho administration of
''"Manifestly the Legislature of the Territory cannot
give to any court whatevor the power to discharge
by habeas coi-pus persons held by or under process
from the courts created by Congress, but complaint
is made that persons so hold have been discharged
in that way by the probate courts.
I cannot doubt that Congress will agree with me
that such a state of things ought not longer to be
tolerated, and that no class of persons anywhere
should bo allowed to treat the laws of the United
States with open defiance and contempt.
Apprehensions are entertained that if Congress
adjourns without any action upon this subject tur-
bulence and disorder will follow, rendering military
interference necessary, a result I should greatly
deprecate. And in view of this and other obvious
considerations, I earnestly recommend thai Con-
gress, at the present session, pass some act which will
enable the district courts of Utah to proceed with
independence and efficiency m the administration
of law and justice. ^ S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, February 14, 1873.
Mr. FRELIXGHUYSEN. I move that
the message be printed, and referred to the
Commiuee on the Judiciary.
The molwn was to.
