394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
the United States Government in the State of
Mississippi in the year 18t>5.
Also a memorial of upward of six hundred
bankers and merchants in the city of St. Louis,
Missouri, praying that the Government tax on
deposits and circulation of the banks be
repealed.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 8, 1873.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
MA X, i). D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 3350) establishing
post routes in the State of Maine was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I present a communica-
tion, which I desire to have read and laid on
the table.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Providence, R. I., January 3. 1873.
DeirSir: At a meeting of the committees ap-
pointed by a meeting of citizens, by the Board of
Trade of this city, and by the Rhode Island Society
for the Encouragement of Domestic Industry on
the 2d instant, the following resolutions were
adopted :
"Wherea3 the members of the committee assem-
bled to consider the iuterasts of Rhode Island in
the Vienna exposition having learned that the
commissioner lor the,United States intends to peti-
tion Congress for an appropriation of $kVX),000 in aid
ot said exposition on the part of the United States,
" K> -■ofred. That it is the opinion of this meeting
that the appropriation asked for should bo made.
"JteKo/oed, That a copy of these resolutions be sent
to our Senators and Representatives in Congress."
I am, sir, very respectfully, yourobedientservant,
JOSEPH S. PITMAN,
Secretary V. E. Committee.
Hon. William Spraguk,
Senate uf the United State•.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The communi-
cation will be laid on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN. That paper has no appear-
ance here in court.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine objects to the reception of this
paper.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the practice of the
Senate has been uniform, that papers ad-
dressed to Senators are never presented to the
Senate. I have never known it to be done.
I might as well present all the private letters
addressed to myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
objects, the first question will be on receiving
the paper.
Mr. HAMLIN. That has been the practice,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island withdraw the paper?
If not, the Chair will present the question of
its reception to the Senate.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I withdraw the communi-
cation.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of John
Beatty, praying for the passage of a law pro-
viding for the payment to the heirs of Dr.
Reading Beatty, a surgeon in the revolution-
ary war, the amount of the depreciation in the
currency in which he was paid; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. VICKERS. I present the petition of
William Blanchard, praying to be paid for
services rendered to prevent depredations by
the confederate war vessel Shenandoah. I
ask to have this petition printed and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition
will be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations. The Senator from Maryland asks
that this petition be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think we
had better omit printing any petitions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless it is of
very grave importance, petitions of individ-
uals are very rarely printed.
Mr. VICKERS. I do not know whether it
is or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Its printing is
objected to, and therefore that question will
be reserved. The Senator can ask to have
it printed hereafter. The petition will be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. VICKERS also presented the petition
of S. C. Ring, widow of Captain Thomas C.
Ring, of Baltimore, Maryland, praying to be
indemnified for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the year 1801; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. KELLY presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Oregon, asking Congress for
an appropriation of money to improve the
navigation of the Tualatin river in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Oregon, asking Congress for an
appropriation of money to improve the navi-
gation of Yamhill river in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Oregon, asking Congress to appro-
priate money to construct a breakwater at Port
Orford, in Oregon which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Oregon, asking Congress
to appropriate money to construct a military
road and telegraph line from Portland to As-
toria and Fort Stevens; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Begis-
lature of Oregon, asking Congress to donate
to that State the unfinished building intended
for a branch mint at Dallas City, in the State
of Oregon ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Gronnds, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Oregon, asking that a new collection
district be established in the southern part of
that State, with a port of entry at Coos Bay ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Oregon, asking Con-
gress to grant lands to aid in the construction
of the Portland, Dallas, and Salt Lake Rail-
road Company; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Oregon, asking Congress to grant
lands to aid in the construction of a military
wagon-road from the terminus of the military
road from Roseburg to Coos Bay ; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Oregon, asking Congress to change
the northern boundary of that State, so that
it will conform to the boundary described in
its constitution ; which was referred to the
Committee on Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of F. W.
E. Lohman, and Walter H. Ruth, administra-
tor of Samuel Ruth, praying compensation for
secret service rendered to the Federal Army
during the late rebellion ; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Virginia, praying for an amendment to the
bankrupt law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of T. P. Pen-
dleton, praying remuneration for property
taken by United States troops during the late
rebellion; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
citizens of the United States, praying that
seeds, bulbs, &c., be permitted to be mailed
in packages of four pounds or less, at the rate
of two cents for every four ounces or fraction
thereof; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN. I present the petition of
Celia Palmer, a widow, who asks for a mod-
ification of the law of 1871, granting pensions
to soldiers who served in the war of 1812 and
1814. She asks that the term of service re-
quired be reduced to fourteen days, and that
the pensions commence with the date of the
act, and that all widows be included. I move
its reference to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I also present the petition
of Simeon S. Hays and sundry others, who
affirm what I believe is true, that they were
engaged in a battle in the war of 1812, and
they ask that the law granting pensions to the
soldiers of that war be so amended that per-
sons engaged in a battle shall be dealt as gen-
erously by as those who did sixty days' service
and saw no fighting. They ask for an amend-
ment of the law to include them, and as I see
the chairman of the committee now in his seat—
I believe the committee have had that subject
before them—I commend these petitions to
his kind attention.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the petition of I.
J. Pollard, praying to be refunded moneys
turned into the Treasury derived from the
sale of cotton, &c.; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. PRATT. I present the petition of six
hundred and forty officers and soldiers in the
late war, residing in the States of Kentucky
and Indiana. The memorial is addressed to
this body, and it prays the passage of the sol-
diers' homestead bill which passed the House
of Representatives on the 12th of December,
1872, a bill granting to each soldier who served
ninety days, one hundred and sixty acres of
land without settlement. I believe the Com-
mittee on Public Lands of this body has charge
of the House bill. If I am correct in that I
move the reference of this bill to that com-
mittee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
Mr. PRATT also presented the petition of
G. M. Van Buren and others, praying for an
amendment of the pension laws; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present the memorial of
the common council and Chamber of Com-
merce of the city of Duluth, Minnesota, in re-
lation to the Duluth harbor. It is full of val-
uable statistics which will be interesting and
valuable to the Senate in considering this
question. I will not ask that it be read at
this time, but simply move that it be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the memorial will be ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
_ Mr. RAMSEY also presented a petition of
citizens of the District of Columbia, praying to
be indemnified for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the year 1801; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Minnesota, remonstrating against the passage
of a bill to perfect navigation of the Mississippi
river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. CORBETT presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Oregon, asking further
legislation in reference to the swamp and over-
flowed lands granted to that State ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
KEPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
_Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
