1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
395
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 466) donat-
ing certain property in St. Augustine, Florida,
to the State for educational purposes, reported
adversely thereon, and Moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill (II. li. No. 2870) to authorize the
President to appoint Frederick E. Upton, of
Bath, Maine, a master in the Navy of the
United States, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1250) for the relief of H. B. Denman,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims; which was agreed to.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT EVANSVILLE.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
wtom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2987)
to authorize the erection of a public building
at Evansville, Indiana, have had the same
under consideration and instructed me to re-
port it back with amendments. As 1 presume
the amendments are such as the Senate will at
once assent to, I ask for the present considera-
tion of the bill, if there be no objection.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to cause to be erected at Evansville,
in the State of Indiana, a suitable building for
the accommodation of the custom-house, post
office, United States courts, and other offices
of the United States, on plans to be determ-
ined by him, and at a cost, including the
cost of the site thereof, notexceeding $200,000;
but no appropriations for this purpose are to
be used or expended until a valid title to the
site shall be vested in the United States, and
until the State of Indiana shall duly release
and relinquish its right to tax the site and the
property of the United States that may be and
remain thereon, and its jurisdiction over the
same.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds reported the bill with amendments,
to insert afterthe word "suitable," in line five,
the word "brick," and after the word
"thereof," in line nine, the word "of," andin
line nine after the word "dollars" to insert
the words "and such site shall be of such ex-
tent as to leave the building independent and
unexposed to fire from any and all adjoining
buildings."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will state
that this bill has passed the House of Rep-
resentatives and it is recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury, and the cost of the
building is limited; but the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds of the Senate
deem it inexpedient to report for any of these
interior places that any building shall be put
up unless it be constructed of brick, as that is
found to be almost perfectly fire-proof so far as
it goes, and no other material is so, and also
that all buildings should have a site independ-
ent of any other buildings, so as not to be
exposed to danger if fire should occur in
adjoining buildings.
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire what
necessity there can be for so costly a building
in so small a town as Evansville—a building
costing $200,000 in a town having but twenty
thousand inhabitants?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say
that Evansville is a thriving place, and has a
port of entry where a considerable amount of
customs is collected. This building is also to
provide for the revenue, United States courts,
and post office, and $200,000 for a building for
a custom-house, post office, and the courts is
as small a sum as such a building can be erected
for.
Mr. PRATT. I beg leave to suggest to my
friend from California that Evansville is the
second city in the State. The population is
about thirty thousand.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I came in while this bill
was being read at the desk. I should like to
hear it again read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read, with the amendments which have been
agreed to.
The Chief Clerk read the bill as amended.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments were con-
curred in and ordered to be engrossed, and the
bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT GRAND RAPIDS.
_ Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am also
directed by the same committee, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 1199) for the con-
struction of a court-house, post office, and
other Government offices at Grand Rapids,
Michigan, to report it back with amendments.
I will state that the same facts and the same
amendments apply to this bill as to the other,
with the exception that this is a Senate bill
and the other was a House bill. I ask for its
present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to purchase, at private sale or by con-
demnation, in pursuance of the statute of the
State of Michigan, a suitable lot of ground in the
city of Grand Rapids, State of Michigan, and
to cause to be erected thereon a building suit-
able for the accommodation of the court-house,
post office, and other Government offices in
that city; the lot of land and the bnilding
thereon, when completed, upon plans to be
previously made ana approved by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, are not to exceed the
cost of $200,000 ; but no money appropriated
for this purpose is to be available until a valid
title to the land shall be vested in the United
States, and until the State of Michigan shall
cede its jurisdiction over it and relinquish the
right to tax or assess it while the United
States shall be the possessor thereof.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds reported the bill with amendments, in
line eight, after the word "building " and be-
fore the word " suitable " to insert the words
" of brick," and in line thirteen, after the
word "dollars" to insert the words " and the
lot of land shall be of such an extent as to
leave the building independent and unexposed
to fire from any and all adjoining buildings."
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
TERMS OP NEW YORK CIRCUIT COURT.
Mr. CONKLING. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1317) to provide for the holding of addi-
tional terms of the circuit court of the United
States for the southern district of New York
have had the same under consideration and
directed me to report it back with two amend-
ments, and I ask the present consideration of
the bill. I think there can be no objection to
it after it is read.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It provides that additional terms of the cir-
cuit court of the United States for the southern
district of New York shall hereafter be held
in each year, commencing as follows: on the
second Wednesday of January, on the second
Wednesday of March, on the second Wednes-
day of May, on the third Wednesday of June,
on the second Wednesday of October, and on
the second Wednesday of December. The
holding of any of the above-mentioned terms
is not to dispense with or affect the holding
of any other term of the court at the same
time, nor is the pending of any other term of
the court to prevent the holding of any of the
terms hereby appointed. The terms hereby
appointed are to be devoted exclusively to the
trial and disposal of the criminal oases and
matters arising and pending in the court. It
is to be the duty of the judge of the district
court for the eastern district of New York to
hold the terms of the court appointed by the
act, and at every such term held by the judfi;e
he is to receive the sum of $300, to be paid
in the manner now prescribed by law for the
payment of the expenses of another district
judge while holding court in the district. All
recognizances and bail bonds taken in crim-
inal cases for an appearance at a circuit court
in the district, conditioned upon an appearance
at the next one of the terms heitby appointed,
are to be valid, and grand and petit juries are
to be summoned to attend the terms as now at
other terms of the court.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with amendments. The first amend-
ment was to strike out, commencing in line
three, the words " it shall be the duty of the
judge of the district court for the eastern dis-
trict of New York to hold" and iasert the
words "maybe held by the circuit judge of
the second judicial circuit and the district,
judges of the southern and eastern districts
of New York, orany one of said three judges."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert afterthe
word "judge," in line seven, section two, the
words "of said eastern district."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading ; was read the third time, and passed.
RICHARD A. STEWART'S PATENT.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The Commit-
tee on Patents, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1301) to enable Richard A. Stewart to
make application to the Commissioner of
Patents for an extension of letters-patent for
an improvement in clarifying and defecating
cane-juice, have had the same under consid-
eration and instructed me to report it back
with a recommendation that it pass, and to
ask for its present consideration. It will take
but a moment.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It proposes to grant leave to Richard A.
Stewart, of the parish of St. Bernard, in the
State of Louisiana, to make application to the
Commissioner of Patents for an extension ol"
the letters-patent granted to him for improve-
ment in clarifying and defecating cane-juice,
under date of January 11, 1859, for the term
of seven years from and after the expiration
of the original term of fourteen years for which
the letters-patent are granted, snch applica-
tion to be made in the same manner and to
have the same effect as if it had been filed not
less than ninety days before the expiration of
the original term of the patent. And upon such
application so filed the Commissioner of Pat-
ents is authorized to consider and determine
it in the same manner, upon giving the same
notice, and with the same effect, as if the ap-
plication had been duly filed within the time
prescribed by law, and as if the original term
of the patent had not expired ; but no person
is to be held liable for the infringement of the
patent, if extended, for making use of the inven-
tion 'since the expiration of the original term
of the patent, and prior to the date of its
extension.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The patentee
in this case intended to make his application
for an extension at the expiration of the first
fourteen years of the patent, but was absent
with his machine upon the Spanish main, in-
troducing it into the sugar-growing regions of
that country. He wrote to his agent in New
