18T3.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
42d Cong....3d Sess.
James River and Kanawha- Oanal—Mr, Terry.
Ho. ojf Reps.
Thomas, Martinique, Havana, Valparaiso,
and several other foreign ports. This goes to
prove that the height the price of coal has
reached in England is affecting our own prices
to a great degree. This has never before hap-
pened in the history of the Cumberland coal
trade. This year the demand will largely
increase the shipments to southern foreign
ports. The exportation of iron will follow
next.
The first step in a system of general im-
provement is, of course, the maintenance and
clearing out of the water-ways made by nature,
which is in accordance with that first principle
in engineering, that the natural stream must
be prefered to the artificial one. Hence, the
Ohio river, from Pittsburg to its mouth, and
the Mississippi and its tributaries should be
made as navigable as art can make them.
The appropriations for this purpose have not,
so far, been prompt and generous on the part
of the Government, to allow of anything like
thorough improvement. In connection with
the riverimprovements, the projects of several
canals naturally present themselves. One of
the most important of these, in my estimation,
at this time is that of the James River and
Kanawha canal, or, as it is often called, " the
central water line," which is to go from the
Ohio river, at the mouth of the Kanawha, to
the Chesapeake bay and the Atlantic, at the
mouth of the James river, in Virginia." This
partially completed enterprise belongs to the
same kind as the Louisvilie and Portland
canal on the Ohio river, and the Des Moines
and Rock Island rapids improvements on the
Mississippi; and there is the same necessity
for one as for the other. This central water
line has certain advantages over the other two
chief water-ways—the Erie canal and the Mis-
sissippi by New Orleans—in being situated
in a temperate climate not subject to a heat
that might prove injurious to the products
transported, nor sufficiently cold weather to
close up navigation with ice, or over a long
season. For two reasons it should be cheaper
than any other water route: first, because it
is the shortest to the Atlantic from the Missis-
sippi valley; and, secondly, because there is
little or no ice obstruction during the winter,
which lengthens the carrying to nearly all the
year round, and consequently admits of low
rates.
The building of a ship-canal around Niag-
ara Falls is a project which also deserves
favorable consideration. It contemplates the
opening up of a continuous steam navigation
between the Mississippi valley and the Atlantic
seaboard, and, if carried out according to the
plans, will prove of great service to the coun-
try.
The Atlantic and Great Western canal, of
Georgia, is a contemplated work of great
national importance. Its completion would
facilitate the distribution of breadstufl's of the
West, and the cheap transportation of goods
from the Bast into the region of cotton culture.
It would certainly develop a vast market, and
increase the natural productions of that
climate.
These are projects of construct! on, extension,
and enlargement of canals, and the improve-
mentof streams throughout theinterior, which,
if carried out, will be feeders to the principal
water lines reaching to the Atlantic. In the
general plan of the central water route through
Virginia the Ohio river stands in the fore-
ground as the most important feature, for it will
carry all the freight of the canal without dimin-
ishing its present business, which is very consid-
erable, and in this way the river has a double
claim to the consideration of the Government.
To make this river thoroughly useful will pos-
sibly involve the building of locks and dams,
with chutes at certain points, so that steamers
drawing six to seven feet of water may pro-
ceed from the Mississippi and from Pittsburg
to the mouth of the Kanawha. Colonel Mer-
rill, of the corps of engineers, who superin-
tends the Ohio river improvements, in his last
report to the chief of his bureau, says :
"After long trial of other methods the commer-
cial interests of the river have about concluded that
in the upper end the only radical method of im-
provement is the construction of locks and dams.
The usefulness of these, however, depends entirely
upon the practicability of making chutes from two
to three hundred feet wide, with gates and inclines
so constructed that coal fleets may be safely passed
from one pool to another without being divided. It
has already been decided that the required condi-
tions can be fulfilled by several plans; but it is
thought that before any effort is made to introduce
this system on tho Ohio it should be tested on the
Monongahela river."
The recommendation is valuable, and, if
carried out, will prove advantageous to the
coal, petroleum, and manufacturing interests
of western Pennsylvania, as well as the James
River and Kanawha canal.
Producers and dealers in petroleum are im-
pelled by an irresistible necessity to seek other
markets to the southward and cheaper avenues
to the seaboard for the profitable disposition
of the fast-accumulating stores of this article.
The produce from all the wells in 1871 amounted
to 6,640,000 barrels, an excess over the con-
sumption throughout the universe of 1,170,000
barrels. Pennsylvania aloue exceeds the total
daily consumption by seven hundred and fifty
barrels. If the total annual overstock is re-
fined there remains the unproductive capital
of at least $13,600,000, considering the price
equivalent to twenty-seven cents per gallon.
1 question the power of the refiners' combina-
tion to check the excessive supply. Capital
and labor will not long bear the proposed re-
strictions. The following markets are grow-
ing better, and should be cultivated, namely :
Turkey, Portugal, Australia, Columbo, Cuba,
British West Indies, Dutch West Indies,
French West Indies, Porto Rico, Brazil, and
Venezuela.
In conclusion, I will add, that there is a
philanthropic view to be taken in connection
with carrying of freight by water. It cheapens
the necessaries of life, the first step toward
the amelioration of the working classes, and
if Congress does anything to bring about such
a result, it confers a great benefit on every
poor man in the country. This distinguished
body found it in the line of duty to remove the
import tax on tea and coffee to render them
more economical to the lower classes. If it
was a duty in this case it seems to be more so
when the staff of life is involved, for it is
clear that by encouraging and promoting the
facilities of water communication this desired
result would be accomplished.
Thus any movement tending to the cheapen-
ing of bread is a national blessing, to say
nothing of the other necessaries of life. At
present, communication is not sufficiently
cheap and extended to equalize prices, and we
are given the spectacle of wheat and corn sold
at a high price at one end of the Union, while
at the other it is burnt for fuel or is allowed
to rot. Naturally this is a loss to the nation
as well as to the individual, and more especially
to those- of moderate means. It is an old
aphorism in our democratic country that we
should legislate in the interests of the greatest
number, and as the laboring man belongs to
this great majority, he has claims which may
not be overlooked.
No objection is made to the means of rapid
transit furnished by railways for those who
are able to pay for it; nohinderance is offered
to the wealthy who must have their silk, satins,
and champagne by express, and to whom
delay is irksome and money is not a consider
ation. But what is asked is that the poor man
shall also have his conveyance which brings
to him his necessary articles of food and cloth-
ing by water, and which is something slower,
but it is cheaper and he cah afford to wait.
The sentiment is beginning to make itself
generally felt that the time for holding back
in this matter is about over and that a new
order of legislation should be inaugurated.
Congress already feels the popular pressure
brought to bear upon it; and if the appeals for
aid are just, and calculated to promote the
general welfare, they should be granted with
as little loss of time as may be, for the country
was never in a better condition to extend such
aid than it is now.
The southern States are heavily overbur-
dened with debt. The misfortunes of war
have been sadly aggravated from financial
embarrassments. This'not only impedes the
prosperity of the southern States but to the
producers of the northern and western States
it is a question of the most serious concern.
A large share of this burden must necessarily
fall upon the General Government from the
reduction of revenues and slowly increasing
production of staples.
The indebtedness of the South may be
safely estimated as follows:
North Carolina owes 130,000,000
South Carolina owes  16,000,000
Virginia owes  47,000,000
Georgia owes  10,500,000
Alabama owes  15,500,000
Mississippi owes  25,000,000
Louisiana owes  21.000,000
Tennessee owes  31,000,000
Florida owes    6,000,000
Making a grand total of $202,000,000
One of the best reconstruction acts of a
peace establishment would be the encourage-
ment of internal improvements by Congress.
One of the best armies to subdue the political
heresies of the South will be the column that
builds her highways of commerce, and thereby
stimulates the industry and independence of
her citizens.
We are living in an age of unlimited pro-
duction, purchase, and traffic, and yet I believe
we are rapidly approaching a commercial
development far beyond the wildest dreams
of the builders of the Appian, Emilian, Aure-
lian, and Flaminian ways. The application
of steam to all kinds of locomotion affords us
good vantage ground. Our nation, through
its triumphs on the fields of science, has become
the honored rival of the countries where the
arts were cradled. Therefore, if you would
make the nation self-reliant, build up her
commerce. If you would make her rich and
powerful, build up her commerce. If you
would make the Government enduring and
fill its coffers with revenue, build up the
foreign commerce. If you would have the
freest,'happiest people on this broad earth,
concentrate the producing forces of the nation
on internal commerce.
James River ami Kanawha Canal, Etc.
SPEECH OP HON. W. TERRY,
OF VIRGINIA,
Is the House of Representatives,
February 13, 1873,
On the bill (II. B. No. 3051) to provido for the crea-
tion of a board of commissioners of commeroe,
and to prescribe the duties thereof.
Mr. TERRY. Mr. Speaker, the construc-
tion of a canal connecting the waters of the
Chesapeake bay with the Ohio river has long
been a cherished scheme in Virginia, and it
found among its distinguished advocates, in
the early days of the Republic, Washington
and Marshall. But it is the history of all
great inventions and. great improvements that
