1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1359
satisfy these retired officers if they are to be
put in a position where they can be called
upon to perform active duty, and in order that
that may be done, and in order that it may be
fair and equal so far as may be with the Army,
we propose to give them the same proportion
of their pay, although it will be less in amount
than the pay of officers of the Army.
The whole number of officers on the retired
list in the Navy, excluding the petty officers
or warrant officers, namely, boatswains, gun-
ners, sail-makers, carpenters, &c, who nave
very small pay comparatively—the whole num-
ber of line officers on the retired list is one
hundred and thirty-five, aud the whole num-
ber of staff officers on the retired list is sixty-
six, making two hundred and one. The whole
number of retired officers in the British navy
is forty-four hundred and eight, showing that
the number of retired officers in our Navy is
very small indeed compared with the number
in the English navy.
Mr. President, I will not detain the Senate
any longer on this question, but hope we may
get a vote, and sincerely trust that this amend-
ment may be adopted.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to ask the Senator a
question. If this increase is made, what per
cent, of the actual pay will it be to retired
officers?
Mr. CRAGIN. Twenty-five per cent, upon
their full pay, or, as the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] stated it, it is fifty per cent,
increase upon their present retired pay. They
now get fifty per cent., and this amendment
proposes to give them seventy-five per cent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On their sea-pay.
Mr. CRAGIN. The sea-pay, of course. I
stated before that I had a careful calculation
made at the Paymaster General's Office, and it
appears that, taking thepreseat Navy Register
as the officers are employed, the passage of
this amendment will not increase the expenses
of the Government over $70,000, for a large
number of the retired officers are now em-
ployed at their full pay.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not rise to debate
this proposition, but only to correct a misap-
prehension that might arise in the minds of
Senators about the increase of the Army ex-
penditures as compared with the Navy in the
four years ; but I will, to illustrate the fact,
take only the last year, which illustrates the
whole thing, making up the thirty-five million
and odd dollars which the Senator reads for
the last year, 1872, completed. There are
included under the head of military disburse'
ments all the disbursements for the signal ser
vice, which we all know is a commercial mat
ter entirely now ; then for refugees, freedmen
and abandoned lands, bounties to soldiers,
ancient bounties for the war, reimbursing
States for raising volunteers, military organ-
izations in Kansas, claims of loyal citizens for
supplies, payments under relief acts, forts and
fortifications, and improvements of rivers aud
harbors; the items make a sum of about eleven
or twelve million dollars—I have not footed
it—outof the $35,000,000, so that the expenses
of the Army proper as compared with the
expenses of the Navy proper, those that relate
to them as military and naval establishments,
are not so widely divergent by any means.
But, as I "say, I only rose to make this re-
mark in order that the Senate and the public,
if the public pays any attention to our pro-
ceedings, might not suppose that the expenses
of the Army had increased in any such way,
because they had not.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the gross amount
of the expenses of the Army ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The gross amount under
the head of Army expenses?
Mr. SHERMAN. After making the deduc-
tions spoken of, what is the amount for the
Army proper ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. These deductions are
about $11,000,000, leaving about $24,000,000
for the Army proper.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the aggregate
of the Navy?
Mr. EDMUNDS. About $21,000,000. You
can compare it much better by taking the pay
proper of both establishments. The pay de-
partment, military establishment, is $10,000,-
000, leaving off odd dollars; the pay and con-
tingent of the Navy, $7,000,000; and of the
Marine corps, $821,000. The commissary
department of the Army is $1,400,000. There
is not a commissary department of the Navy
proper, but the Bureau of Provisions and
Clothing in the Navy cost about $2,000,000:
and so on.
Mr. CRAGIN. I should like to state that
there are some deductions to be made also
from the expenditures under the Navy Depart-
ment, the last item which the Senator from
Vermont read, "provisions and clothing,
$2,000,000." The clothing is issued to the
sailors and charged to them; but tljey have
to pay for it back, so that about $1^000,000 is
returned into the Treasury anuually from this
appropriation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So with the clothing of
the Army.
Mr. CRAGIN. That may be, but I think
not. Then that total covers money voted by
special acts; for instance, a bill passed at the
last session of Congress giving $190,000 for
the capture of the Alabama, and that comes
under the head of naval expenditure. Soother
appropriations of that kind often swell the
aggregate. For instance, this year the Secre-
tary of the Navy says that the expenses of
the Navy are only about eighteen millions,
while the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shows twenty-one millions. He says that
this special legislation, appropriations for
building, &c., have made this difference of
about $3,000,000.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not wish to discuss this
proposition, or to reply to anything which has
been said, for the reason that I was not here,
and I do not know that I should have done
so if I had been here and had listened to the
debate ; but I want to call the attention of the
Senate to one difference between the Army
and the Navy. It is usual to argue that the
Navy ought to be fixed at a certain status in
reference to different propositions because the
Army is, and viae versa. Now, there is one
important distinction which should be borne
in mind. On the reduction of the Army the
officers are generally mustered out of service;
in the reduction of the Navy that does not
occur, but the officers are still retained.
There is another difference that I will not say
works a hardship, but wherein the officers of
the Navy have the advantage very decidedly
over those of the Army. The Army officers
receive no pay except that which is their
annual salary, but the officers of the Navy are
entitled to prize money, which makes a very
great difference.
Mr. CRAGIN. Only in time of war.
Mr. LOGAN. That difference is made
between the Army and Navy, and it is a
very decided advantage to the Navy. These
things ought to be considered in determining
the relative pay, and the retirement of officers,
and everything connected with it. I do not
know that they have not been; I only make
this suggestion.
Now, I will call the attention of the Senate
to another fact. Not being a member of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, as a matter _ of
course I have not examined the question
recently, nor have I heard any suggestions in
reference to it, but it will be found on an
examination of the roster or Register of the
Navy that we have now about seven thousand
men in the Navy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Eight thousand is the
limit.
Mr. LOGAN. Aud we have about seven
thousand men. If you will examine the Navy
Register you will find that we have officers
euough in the Navy of the United States to
command a fleet of eighty thousand men. I
have not made the calculation recently, but
two years ago I made a calculation, and my
recollection is that we had one commissioned
officer in the Navy for every four men. I may
be mistaken in the ratio, perhaps, but not
exceeding the number of men. That is the
condition of our Navy. Officers on account of
it are being retired every day with high rank.
I merely make this statement as a sugges-
tion to the Committee on Naval Affairs that
there ought to be some law provided for our
Navy, changing it in some way. There ought
to be a reduction of the officers or an increase
of the men, one or the other. It seems to
me to be but fair that in the reduction of the
Navy the same treatment should be received
by the officers as was received in the Army.
These remarks I only make to call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that a com-
parison between the Army and the Navy in
reference to pay is not a fair way of estimating
the pay of officers of either branch of the
service. Their services are different; the
laws governing them are different; the pay is
different, and the reasons were originally in
the law for that difference. I have nothing to
say, so far as the seventy-five percent, is con-
cerned, if that is the amount to be paid to
retired officers, if the Senate think that is
proper, very well. I have not examined the
question. I know that is the rate that is paid
to Army officers on the retired list. I have
no opposition to make to it, nothing to say
in reterence to it. That is the pay given to
the Army, but the reasons that apply to the
Army do not apply to the Navy. Different
reasons apfily to the two arms of the service
as to the principles upon which their pay and
retired pay is based.
There is another fact in connection with
this. The retiiement of Army officers is lim-
ited to three hundred. In the reduction of a
large army there were necessarily a great
number of persons on the supernumerary list
at the time of the reduction, and they were
mustered out of the service. Only three hun-
dred could be retired. In the Navy there is
no limitation to the retirement of officers.
You may retire them up to the number of a
thousand. Numerous officers of the Navy,
who are of no service whatever in view of the
small force of enlisted men we have in the
Navy, are being retired ; and one reason is
because there are so many that are not neces-
sary. My own judgment is that the same rule
ought to apply to both arms of the service.
Of course these remarks are not applicable
to this amendment, but I feel it my duty to
make them by way of suggestion to the Senate
as to the relative condition of affairs in the
two arms of the service.
Mr. CAMERON. It is evident now that
we shall not get through with this bill to-day,
and there are some few matters in executive
session which I think it important to the in-
terests of the country should be acted upon,
and I therefore move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion. 1 really hope we shall get
through with the bill to-day. We have been
on it two days now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Nye in
the chair.) The Senator from Pennsylvania
moves that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. CAMERON. I give way for the pres-
ent, but I give notice that I shall renew tha
motion very soon. There are two questions
coming from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions that are waiting to be acted on, and it is
necessary to the country that they should be
disposed of.
Mr. CONKLING. I think we can get a
vote now.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I withdraw my
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
