1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
397
members of the committee refused to go behind
that receipt at all. The committee did. The
committee did not see fit to stand upon the
receipt; but before it came to this committee
it did go into the Court of Claims. A suit
was prosecuted there upon this contract. My
recollection is that the Court of Claims did
not give a judgment for $112,000.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator is mistaken there.
That was the judgment of the Court of Claims,
$112,000.
Mr. HOWE. But did not the Court of
Claims find specifically that in equity the
claimant ought to have had just the $39,000,
the sum that the committee reported?
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator puts the inter-
rogatory I answer it was in substance this:
that if the settlement were to be made with
the claimant outside of the contract altogether
and give him what he reasonably deserved for
his work, the-suln due him would be $89,000,
but that upon the contract the amount due
was $112,000, and they entered judgment for
the contract price. ,
Mr. HOWE. The Senator is unquestion-
ably correct in his statement, because he has
much more familiarity with the case than I
have. My recollection was simply that that
court did find what sum the claimant ought to
have if he were to recover upon quantum, mer-
uit, and that a majority of the Committee on
Claims finally concluded they would set aside
the receipt, they would set aside the contract
also, and they would allow the claimant to
recover what the Court of Claims thought he
ooght to have upon the quantum meruit,
thinking the contract was invalid, thinking
the contract was profligate. Therefore we
did not think it right to conclude the United
States by the contract, and feeling that the
claims commission had not done full justice
to the claimant, we thought it safe to stand
upon the judgment of the Court of Claims and
allow the claimant to have what that court
thought he was entitled to on the quantum
meruit. That was our conclusion, and that
sum was reported here. My recollection is
that there was an effort made in the Senate
to amend the bill reported by the Commit-
tee on Claims, and to increase the amount to
$112,000. The Senate, if I remember aright—
and I speak all the time under the correction
of the Senator from Pennsylvania—rejected
the amendment and passed the bill as it was
reported by the Committee on Claims; in the
House it was amended, and they raised the
appropriation to $112,000; the Senate dis-
agreed ; a committee of conference was ap-
pointed, and it has resulted in their recom-
mending that the Senate recede from its dis-
agreement. My objection to that is that under
the bill as it passed the Senate the claimant
gets all the money he has earned from the
United States; that it is unjust to the United
States to hold them concluded by the terms of
that contract, which never was signed, which
never ought to have been drawn up, which was
profligate, and which in my judgment the par-
ties who undertook to represent the United
States had no authority in the world to make.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania says that this settlement and receipt
in full has been reviewed already. He says
the Court of Claims reviewed it. So it did,
and the Supreme Court of the United States
decided, not upon a technical ground, but
upon principles of well-known law, that the
Court of Claims made a mistake, and that that
settlement was binding, just as it is between
man and man when they do exactly the same
thing, and I have the decision here to show it,
which I shall read presently.
My friend from Pennsylvania perfectly well
knows that if he and I get into a dispute re-
specting a contract we have, and I make a
claim upon him, and he says I owe him
$100,000, and I say I do not owe him any-
thing, or only owe him $20,000, or whatever it
may be, and after discussion I say, " I will
give you $50,000, and that shall be in full,"
and then the honorable Senator says, '' I am
hard up for money; my creditors will ruin me
if I do not take it; I take it under protest,
but here is a receipt in full settlement of this
claim." My friend from Pennsylvania per-
fectly well knows, I think, (I believe that is
the law; I believe there is no dispute about
it,) that that is binding upon us in law as it is
binding in conscience and morals. If my
friend thinks I am in error in this statement of
the law as between man and man, I should
like to have him say so.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not think my friend is in
error as to the law between man and man,
but there is just where the difference comes
in when it comes to the law as between the
citizen and the Government, the Government
being supreme and able to do what it pleases,
whereas the citizen is subject to suit by his
fellow-citizen.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is again an in-
stance in which my friend, if he will look a
little further, will discover I think that he is
again mistaken, and that is that a citizen of
the United States is not in the power of the
Government, and that it may do with him as
it pleases. This very citizen had exactly^the
same right to sue the Government of the)
United States in a competent and impartial
tribunal that my friend would have in the case
I have stated to sue me, and recover, and
have his money paid out of the Treasury with-
out any act of Congress, because we make
general appropriations to carry into effect the
judgments of the Court of Claims.
Therefore, when Mr. Adams took this money
under protest, as he says, he took it just as
anybody else does, because he needed the
money in the settlement of a disputed claim-
disputed not by a party who had him in his
power any more than any debtor has his cred-
itor in his power when he wants money and
the debtor does not want to pay it, but he took
it because he having a right to coerce payment
chose to make a settlement upon those terms,
because he wanted the money then. That is
what everybody does. Every man who on a
disputed claim takes a sum in settlement in
full, takes it not because he believes if he is
honest that that sum is enough, bat because
he believes it to be better for his interests to
take it then and have an end of it, than to go
to law and coerce the payment; and upon that
foundation stands the well understood prin-
ciple, not founded upon any technicality, not
founded upon any injustice, that where there
is a dispute between parties claiming one
thing on one side and another upon the other,
it is in the interest of justice, and in the inter-
est of morals, as well as in the interest of the
proper administration of law, if they choose to
make an end of it, and one party chooses to
give and the other chooses to receive a sum
in secernent, that that shall be the end
of it, although in that particular case it may
be that a large enough sum was not given.
Then my friend says it has been reviewed by
the House of Representatives. So it has ; but
I did suppose that my friend would not advance
an argument of that kind. The review of the
House of Representatives does not amount to
a review, I take it, until we concur; and it is
scarcely an argument to be urged here, I sub-
mit to my honorable friend, that the House of
Representatives has or has not done a partic-
ular thing in respect to this question, or any
other. We are placed here for the purpose
of exercising an independent judgment, as I
suppose, and therefore the opinion of the
House of Representatives is of no consw%uence
at all. The facts that are developed in the
House of Representatives and come to us are,
of course, of consequence; but whether the
Souse has or has not agreed to do this thing is
of no consequence to us, and is of no just con-
sequence either to the passage or defeat of this
bill.
Now, let us see what the Supreme Court
did decide, not upon a technical question, but
upon the substantial question of law applied
between this claimant and the United States,
as it would have applied between private
suitors in other similar cases. Mr. Justice
Nelson delivered the opinion of the court. In
the first place, he says that they do not decide
whether this. McKinstry, who turned out I
believe something of a bad man—I do not
wish to condemn him in his absence, but it
appears from these various statements that he
involved the Government in a good many
fraudulent contracts out there—had a right to
make the contract or not. He undertook to
make a contract with this man for this work.
He did make it, as all the proof we have before
us now shows, and as the Committee on Claims
of this body found, giving to this person a larger
sum than the work which he was to do was
really worth. Then this man brought a suit
in the Court of Claims, having taken this
much of the money. The Supreme Court say,
in the first place, that they will not decide
whether the fact that this contract was not
signed by McKinstry made any difference;
they will not decide the question whether
McKinstry had authority or not—which was
greatly disputed, and I do not think he had—to
make any contract at all; but the court say it
is not necessary to decide that because it is
enough to say, they say, that this man has re-
ceived from the Government a certain sum of
money which he did receive in full settlement
of the claim.
The court say that the Secretary of War had
a right to appoint this board to adjust these
claims; that this citizen was not bound to go
before it, or have his claim go before it, unless
he cliose to do so ; that he could wait and sue
in the Court of Claims if he wanted to do so,
like any other citizen ; but he chose to submit
his claim to that board. Now it is stated by
my friend that this man did not know they
were submitted to the board. In the report
of this case the last time it was up, when the
claimant tried to have it reopened in the Su-
preme Court, the statement of the case was
this: that General Meigs, the Quartermaster
General, sent the papers to that board, and the
claimant having been frequently informed by
General Meigs that no money could be paid
except upon the report of that board, and that
all the claimants out there, if they wanted
money out of the appropriation that had been
made to settle those claims, must get it in the
way provided by going before that board 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont will suspend his remarks. The
morning hour has expired, and the Indian
appropriation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the Senator will be
permitted to finish his remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Minnesota consent to allow the
regular order to be passed over informally ?
Mr. WINDOM. I consent to pass over the
Indian appropriation bill informally, subject
to a demand for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the regular order will be
passed over informally. The Senator from
Vermont will resume.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now the case states:
" This step taken by General Meigs"—
by sending these papers to that board, com-
posed of Judge Davis, of the Supreme Court,
Mr. Campbell, and somebody else, wholly
unexceptional persons—
" was well known to the appellee"—
that is, Mr. Adams—
"who was present in St. Louis at tho time, where
the board sat. It was true that there was no proof
in the record to show that he presented his_ claims
before tho board, or that he procured any_witnc?ses
to appear before them in the course of their investi-
gations. Four witnesses were examined on the part
of the Government"—
who showed that the work was overcharged.
"No witnesses were produced on thft p.'i.rt of the
appellee, nor were those on the part of ttte Govern-
