1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1361
improvements, and in regard to a large num-
ber of pending bills, had my name inadvert-
ently attached to it. I am not in favor of the
Government embarking in the general system
of expenditure proposed, and while coinciding
in general with the views of the cotamittee in
reference to the importance of some of those
works, I was not, with my views of public
policy, able to concur in the conclusions of
the committee, and did not therefore sign the
report, but my name was appended by inad-
vertance.
PRINTING OF AN AMENDMENT.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
that an amendment which I desire to offer to
the river and harbor bill may be printed for
the information of the House.
There being no objection, the order was
made.
REPUBLIC OF SPAIN.
Mr. WOOD. I ask unanimous consent to
submit for adoption now the following reso-
lution:
Rezolved. That this House hails with satisfaction
the progress of republican institutions in Europe,
and tenders to the people of Spain its sympathy and
good wishes in any effort they may make to estab-
lish throughout the Spanish dominions a free repre-
sentative form of government, which shall secure to
all men equality of political, religious, and social
rights, and the full protection of life, liberty, and
property.
Mr. WILLARD. That resolution ought to
be referred. I object to its adoption without
a reference to a committee.
pay op a deceased messenger.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Committee
on Appropriations, whose messenger has re-
cently died, have directed me to ask unani-
mous consent for the adoption of the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House pay to
Charles Doughter, father of William II. Boughter,
deceased, late messenger of the Committee on Appro-
priations, a sum equal to three months' pay of
decedent.
I will state that the committee has been
compelled to appoint temporarily a substitute
for Mr. Boughter.
There being no objection, the resolution was
adopted.
FANNIE A. THOMPSON.
Mr. MORGAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3951) for the relief
of Fannie A. Thompson, surviving heir and
legal representative of William Thompson,
deceased, formerly a brigadier general of the
revolutionary war; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
C. T. BROWN AND J. J. S. HASSLIOlt.
Mr. AVERILL. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have directed me to ask unanimous
consent to report and ask the immediate pass
age of a bill in the nature of a substitute for
House bill No. 3851, to authorize the account-
ing officers of the Treasury to settle the
accounts of Charles T, Brown and J. J. S.
Hassler, late agents for the Chippewa Indians
of Minnesota, on the grounds of equity and
justice.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the regular
order of business.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GARFIBLLD, of Ohio. I move that
the rules be suspended*and the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the sundry civil appro-
priation bill.
Mr. BANKS. And I demand the regular
order of business, which is the morning hour.
The motion to suspend the rules and go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union is not privileged until after the
morning hour.
Mr. GARFIELD,_ of Ohio. I can preface
the motion by moving the House go to the
business on the Speaker's table, and then the
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 86.
motion to go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union will be in order. I ask
that we work from now until the gentleman's
special order begins upon the sundry civil
appropriation bill.
Mr. BANKS. What is that special order?
Mr. RANDALL. I understand the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs are entitled to the
morning hour to report bills of a private
nature.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understood
the Committee on Foreign Affairs have a special
order for two o'clock.
Mr. BANKS. We have no special order
for to-day.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understood
there was a special order for to-day. I wish
to make two hours' progress on the sundry civil
appropriation bill. I leave the matter, how-
ever, to the judgment of the House.
Mr. BANKS. I object to the motion that
the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole oil the state of the Union. That
it is not a privileged motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is a
privileged motion.
Mr. BANKS. But not until the morning
hour has expired.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it has
been so ruled.
Mr. BANKS. It ought not to be.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Garpieu), of Ohio, to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
28, noes 38 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I see the House
is not willing to go on with the appropriation
bill, and I do not ask for any further count.
Mr. AVERILL. 1 renew the motion made
a little while ago.
The SPEAKEll. The regular order being
called for, the Chair must enforce it.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I insist on a
further count on the motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union,
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
52, noes 39 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. SARGENT demanded tellers.
Mr. BANKS. I demand the yeas and nays
to know whether there is a quorum present or
not.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 113, nays 48, not vot-
ing 79 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Acker. Ames, Archer, Avcrill.
Barber, Barnum, Barry, Erasmus W. Beck, .l.'inics
B. Beck, Bell, Biggs, Braxton, Bright, Buckley, Buf-
finton, Bunnell, Burohard, Roderick li, Butler,
Clarke, Coburn, Conger, Cotton, Crebs, Critoher,
Darrall. Donnan, DuBose, Eames,Elliott. Ely, Bsty,
Farnsworth. Finkelnburg, Wilder 1). Foster, Oar-
field, Garrett, Get'/., Giddings, Gollada.y. Grritlith,
Hale, Ilainbleton, Ilandley, Harper, George E. Har-
ris John T. Harris, John B. Hawley, Joseph It.
Ilawley, Hay, John W. Hazelton. Herndon. Hol-
man, Houghton, Kerr, Ketcham, Lamport, Leach,
Lowe, Maclntyie, Marshall, Maynard, McCormick,
McHenry, McKinney. Merriam. Monroe, Silas L.
Niblack, William E. Niblack, Orr, Palmer. Hosea
W.Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perry,
Piatt, Porter, Potter, Price, Prindlo, Edward Y.
Bice, Ellis H. Roberts, Robinson, John Rogers, Rusk,
Sargent. Sawyer, Sessions, Sheldon. Sherwood, II.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder, Sprague,
Starkweather, St. John, Swann, Sypher, Jane,
Thomas, Washington Townsend. Turner, iuthill,
Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Wakeman, Waldron,
Wallace, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, and Williams
of Indiana—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Arthur, Banks, Bigby, Bird, Boles,
Caldwell, Carroll, Cobb, Crocker, Crossland, Davis,
Dox, Duke, Bunnell, Eldredge, Charles roster,
Henry D. Foster, Erve, Hays, Hibbard, Ivcllogg,
Kendall, Manson. McClelland, McGrcw, McJunkm,
Merrick, Morey, Morgan, Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Packard, Rainey, Randall, Read, William 11.Rob-
erts, Speer. Stevenson, Storm. Stoughton, lcrry,
Vaughan, Waddoll, Walden, Willard, Winchester,
Wood, and Young—18. „ „
NOT voting—Messrs. Adams, Amblor. Beatty,
Bingham, Austin Blair, James Blair. Boarnian,
Brooks. Burdett. Benjamin F. Butler, Campbell,
Coglilan, Comingo, Conner, Cox. Creely, Dawes,
Dickey, Dodds. Duel!, Farwell, Forker, Goodrich,
Haldeman, Halsey. Hancock, Hanks, Harmer,
Havens Gerry W. Haseltoii, Hereford, Hill. Hoar,
Hooper, Kelley, ICiliingcr, King, Kinsella, Lam-
ispn, Lansing, Lewis, Lynch, McCrary, McKee. Me-
Noelv, Benjamin F. Meyers. Mitchell. Moore, Neg-
ley, 1 acker, P-'ree, Peteis Poland, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, Sion II. Rogers. Roosevelt. Seofield, Sceley,
Shanks, bhollabn.rger, Shober, Shoemoker, Siator,
Slocum, Sloss. Worthington C. Smith, Snapp. Ste-
vens Stowell, Sutherland, Dwisrht Townsend,
iwichell, Voorhees, Warren, Whitthorne, Williams
of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T.
Wilson—79.
So the motion was agreed to.
s. p. j0cklyn.
The SPEAKER. The Senate request the
return to the Senate of the bill (H. It. No.
2704) for the relief of S. P. Jocelyn. If there
be no objection the bill will be returned to the
Senate.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
HORACE TYLER.
The SPEAKER. The Senate also request
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on a bill (S. No. 68G) for the re-
lief of Horace Tyler. If there be no objection
a conference will be ordered.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move all gen-
eral debate on the sundry civil appropriation
bill be closed in one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of a bill (H. R.
No. 3921) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1874, and for other
purposes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move the first
reading of the bill for information be dispensed
with.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill. Dur-
ing the reading,
Mr. FARNSWORTH withdrew the demand
for the further first reading of the bill.
Mr. BIRD. I insist on its being read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My object was to
have enough read to call the attention of the
House to the bill, that members might know
what was going on.
Mr. BIRD. I withdraw the demand.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to have the bill read
through.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from New York [Mr. .Wood] object to dis-
pensing with the further reading of the bill for
the first time?
Mr. WOOD. I do.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the
reading.
The bill was then read by paragraphs for
amendment, and the following paragraph was
read:
For the public printing, for the public binding, and
for paper lor the public printing, $2,069,384 02; and
out of the sum hereby appropriated, prill ting and
binding may be done by the Congressional 1 rmter
to the amounts following, namely :
For the Court of Claims, S10.000; for the Depart-
ment of State, $25,000; for the Treasury Department,
8325,000; for tho War Department, $100,000; tor the
Navy Department, $85,000: for the Interior Depart-
ment, 8220,000; for the Agricultural Department.
WOOOO- for the Department of Justice and tho
Attorney General's Office, $10,000; tor the Supremo
Court of the United States, $25,000; for tho supremo
court ot the District of Columbia, 410,000; lor the
Post Office Department, $175,000; and for both Houses
ot Congress, $1,064,884 02; and tho amounts herein
designated for tho several Executive Departments
may be distributed to the bureaus thereof at the
discretion of the head of cach Dcpartmcpt.who shall
certify such distribution to the Public Printer.
Mr. COBURN. In this appropriation for
printing I see this item:
" For the supreme court of the District of Colum-
bia £10,000."
I move to strike out those_ words, in order
to understand what this sum is tor. The print-
ing of liny other district court does not. so fur
as 1 know, require $10,000. I do not know
