18T3.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SI
42d Cong....3d Sess.
James River and Kanawha Canal—Mr. Terry,
Ho. of Reps.
of the James River and Kanawha canal there
was no suspension of navigation by ice re-
ported from 1840 to 1848 except twelve days
in 1845, and from 1848-49 to 1867-68 for one
half of these years the canal was not closed,
and in the remaining ten years it was closed
by ice three hundred and two days, or an aver-
age for the whole period of fifteen days per
annum. Hence, all other things being equal
as to distances and charges, the advantages of
the yirginia line are as eleven twelfths to
seven twelfths. Comparatively free from ice
and wholly free from the dangers inseparable
from lake and ocean navigation, the Virginia
line offers to the trade of the country the short-
est, cheapest, and most secure channel that en-
gineering skill has been able to locate.
The public debt of the State of Virginia,
including interest, was on 1st of July, 1871,
$45,718,112 23. Prior to the war the debt of'
the State was about $30,000,000, and had been
contracted in the main in the construction
of internal improvements. The James River
and Kanawha canal cost the State $10,436,869 ;
hence fully one third of the State debt was
incurred in constructing this canal. And the
State, groaning now under the weight of this
public burden, wholly unable to complete this
long-cherished scheme, has through her
Legislature tendered this great work, upon
which she has expended $10,000,000, to the
Government of the United States that it may
be made a great national highway, upon the
single condition that the Government shall
discharge a debt of the canal company for
about $1,500,000, and pay for the individual
stock, which is $2,000,000, a fair value, esti-
mated at one fourth its par value.
For minute details of the location of this
canal, its cost of construction, estimated in
round numbers at $50,000,000; its practica-
bility, national importance, and commercial
value, 1 will refer those who may desire to
investigate the subject more fully to the able
reports of the United States engineers who
surveyed this canal in 1870, and to the
" Physical Survey of Virginia," by Professor
Maury. These publications are full of valu-
able information on this subject.
This work will sooner or later be made ; if
not by the Government, then private individ-
uals will ere long secure the right of the State
of Virginia and the privilege to complete it.
And when it shall so pass into the hands of
individuals or a joint stock company, then
the fondly cherished hope of seeing this work
undertaken and completed by the Government
will be disappointed, and the trade that shall
seek a passage over this line will find itself
subjected to the exactions which individual
interest will always impose and we will find
only a repetition of the monopolies and op-
pressions which the trade of the country is
suffering.
Monopolies are the enemies of prosperity ;
freedom of trade is its life; and it is alike the
demand of justice and of sound public policy
that the trade of the country, in its transition,
should approximate the freedom of the air.
This from the character and necessities of
railroad lines we cannot get through them,
and can only be had from a national water
line constructed by the Government, where
only so much tolls shall be collected as will
meet the costs of repairs. The cry of the West
now is that their trade is embargoed, and they
are cut off from market for their grain by the
high freights of railroads. And it is this sense
of wrong thatisfast giving strength toascheme
that already finds advocates, that the Govern-
ment shall take charge of and control the
rates of charge upon the railroads. Open as
such a scheme is to the objection of a want
of power to do so, and of affording a field for
fraud and corruption, and of giving an alarm-
ing extension to Federal power and patronage,
yet many, _ controlled by the present sense,
of oppression, will close their eyes to these
objections and seek relief by giiving this super-
vising power over railroads to theGovernmenfc.
An escape from this can be afforded by open-
ing these water lines free to trade. The rail-
roads will no longer be monopolies. They
could no longer trammel and control the trade
of the country, for the water lines, free and
open to every man to be his own carrier, if
the railroads would not give equal and just
tariffs of charges, trade could and would seek
the water lines, and thus the people, being
free to choose their own mode of transporta-
tion and released from oppression, would have
no interest in seeing the railroads under the
supervision of the General Government; and
a scheme fraught with so much mischief would
be defeated and the Government and the rail-
roads left to the discharge of their own proper
functions.
The line connecting the waters of the Chesa-
peake with those of the Mississippi has sev-
eral links, each requiring aid from the Govern-
ment. First, James river from Hampton Roads
to Richmond. An appropriation of $100,000,
the estimated costs by the engineer to complete
the deepening of the channel of the river, is
especially important now in view of the recent
completion of the Chesapeake and Ohio rail-
road, and the early completion of the railroad
from Charlotte, North Carolina, to Atlanta,
Georgia. These two important lines converg-
ing upon Richmond, the one with its connec-
tions from the cotton center of the South, and
the other from the grain region of the West,
give an assurance that there will be concen-
trated at that point such an amount of tonnage
as will imperatively demand the completion
of the river improvement at the earliest day
practicable. The second link is the James
River and Kanawha canal from Richmond to
the Greenbrier river; and third, the Green-
brier, New, Kanawha, and Ohio rivers to the
Mississippi. These links are indispensable to
the completeness of the whole.
This entire line is of inestimable value not
only to the grain trade of the West, but also
of equal value to the coal, salt, and iron
interests of Virginia and West Virginia. The
value of these elements of wealth is enhanc-
ing daily; the uses of iron are multiplying,
and the demands for coal increasing, and as
the supplies of lumber and fuel diminish will
the demands of both iron and coal increase.
I cannot pursue further the consideration
of the importance of the James River and
Kanawha canal, but must turn to the improve-
ment of " New river, from the mouth of Green-
brier, in West Virginia, to the lead mines in
Virginia," in pursuance of a recent survey by
Mr. N. H. Hatton, assistant engineer in the
United States service.
The proposed line of improvement is one
hundred and twenty-eight miles. The survey,
which was made last summer, during a period
of unusually low water, establishes beyond
any question that the river can be improved
for steam navigation. The fall of the river
between the points named is five hundred
and thirty-one feet, or about four and a half
feet to the mile. At the lead mines the river
is three hundred and fifty feet wide, with an
average depth of five feet, and gradually
expands to a width of nine hundred feet, and
an average depth of six feet, with a discharge
of two thousand cubic feet of water per second
at the mines, and three thousand cubic feet per
second at Sifford's falls, sixty-one miles below
the mines. The bed of the river for most of
the way presents no very serious obstacles, and
there are none that cannot be readily overcome
by canaling or by locks and dams. The opinion
and recommendation of the engineer in charge
is not only to the entire practicability of the
improvement, butalso to its commercial value.
Three schemes or plans of improvement
are suggested by the engineer, '
A portion of New river is navigable by
keel-bottom boats, carrying two to three tons,
and the engineer says: "an expenditwe of
$100,000 would greatly ameliorate the con-
dition of the river for this trade" by opening
and removing the obstructions in the bed of
the river, so as to give a two-foot channel at
all seasons ; or the river may be improved by
excavating a sluice ninety feet wide and three
feet deep, through the shoals, at a grade of
not exceeding one foot in four hundred feet;
with locks and dams at such points as the
grade would exceed one in four hundred, and
for such an improvement the following esti-
mates are made, the dams averaging six feet
in height and. the base twelve feet, and the
locks twenty-five feet wide, ninety-feet long,
with a depth of four feet on the miter-sills :
Estimate for three-feet steamboat navigation, as
explained above.
100,000 yards rock excavation, at $1 50  $150,000
500.000 yards gravel and bowlder excava-
tion, at fifty cents..     250,000
(30,000! incur tect. of dams, atfivedollars per
foot   800,000
Two locks. 10-feot lift, at Foster's $40,000
Ono lock, 9-feet lift, at Gaiiby's
Ferry  20,000
Oue look, 7-feet lift, at JEnglish's
Ferry 18,000
One lock, 6-teet lift, at Barnett's
Falls 17,000
Four locks, 7-leet. lift, at Iiifford's
Falls  72,000 -
One lock, 10-feet lift, a.t Peters's
Falls  20,000
One lock, 5-feet lift, at Neilly's Falls. 15,000
One lock, 5-leet lift, at Weiiley's
Falls  15,000
  217,000
40,000 yards oanal pristn at Foster's Falls,
at fit ty cents  20,000
160,000 yards canal prism at Lifford's Falls,
at fifty cents  80,000
Total 81,017,000
Or by an expenditure of $2,500,000 a lock
and dam navigation may be given for vessels
drawing five and a half feet water. The
drainage area of the river immediately affected
by this improvement amounts to twenty-four
hundred square miles, and of this country
Colonel Craighill in his report says:
"Tho country through which New river flows is
represented as being vary beautiful, fertile, and
salubrious. Its mineral resources are extraordinary,
its water-power admirable, and its excellence for
farming and grazing purposes is admitted by all who
have seen it. Sucb a country deserves develop-
ment, and it appears that attention was very early
directed to it."
And Mr. Ilutton, who made the survey,
says:
"The region traversed by New-river, through the
counties of Wythe, Pulaski, Montgomery, tjiles.
Mercer, and Monroe, is ono of the most'fertile in
Virginia, notwithstanding its general mountainous
character."
Accompanying the engineer's report of the
survey is a geological and mineralogical report
of Mr. C. li. Boyd, assistant civil engineer.
This report gives a faithful statement of the
agricultural resources and mineral deposits
of the counties above named, consisting of
"iron ore, coal, lead, zinc, copper, baryta,
salt, alumina, sandstone, (millstone and sand-
stone,) limestone, (both ordinary and magne-
sian,)" and indications of beds of gypsum,
immense deposits of which are found in an
adjacent county.
The agricultural value of this section is un-_
surpassed by any in Virginia in the produc-
tion of all the cereals, and admirably adapted
to grazing, and horses, cattle, sheep, and hogs
are raised in great, numbers and find markets
to the East. And rich as this country ia in
minerals, yet labor and capital have hereto-
fore been chiefly directed to farming and
grazing, and but little has been devoted to
mining. This is owing in a great measure
to the high charges upon heavy freights, so
that labor and capital have been more remun-
