1362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
why we should pay that for the district court
of the District of Columbia, any more than we
should for the district court of Virginia, Penn-
sylvania, Kentucky, or Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In answer to
the gentleman 1 will say that the supremo
court of the District of Columbia is, of course,
fully under the jurisdiction of Congress. We
do the entire legislation for it, and besides
being a United States court in the ordinary
sense, as other courts are, it is charged with
all the jurisdiction that belongs to the court of
common pleas in a State. We therefore have
to do for that court what we do not have to do
for courts of a State. Hitherto the printing
has been done for the supreme court as for the
Courtof Claims, and we have simply distributed
the work according to the proportions of the
expenditure for printing last year. The court
is, of course, furnished with blank books, and
there is the printing of briefs, records, judg-
ments, &c. The committee made the distrib-
ution, cutting down the appropriation as low
as we thought we could safely do on the basis
of last year's expenditure. We have only
allowed two or three hundred dollars more
than the actual expenditure of last year,
according to the report of the Congressional
Printer.
Mr. COBURN. It strikes me as a some-
what extraordinary expenditure. However, I
withdraw my amendment.
The following paragraph was read :
For contingencies of lifo-saving stations on the
coasfc of the United States, $15,000.
Mr. HALE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations to offer the following
amendment to come in after the paragraph
just read:
That tho Secretary of War bo, and ho hereby is,
authorized to establish signal stations at such of tho
life-saving stations on the lake or seacoast as may
be suitably located for that purpose, and to connect
tho samo with such points as may bo nccessar y for the
proper discharge of the signal service by means of a
suitable telegraph lino in eases where no lines are in
operation, to be constructed, maintained and worked
under the direction of tho chief signal officer of the
Army, or tho Secretary of War. and the Secretary of
tho Treasury, and the use of the life-saving stations
np signal stations shall be subjectto such regulations
as may bo agreed upon by said officers; and tho sum
of $.'i0,000 is hereby appropriated to carry into effect
this provision.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask my colleague lo add
to his amendment by connecting the light-
houses with tho life-saving stations, so as to
have the whole system of life-saving stations,
light-houses, and signal stations connected
together. A resolution which has been re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce includes
the whole, and I hops my colleague will em-
brace this in the amendment he has offered.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection.
Mr. LYNCH. I move, then, to insert after
the words "signal stations" the words " and
light-houses."
Mr. HALE. I will accept that as a modi-
fication of my amendment.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For fuel for thirty-eight vessels, repairs and outfits
for same, ship-chandlery and engineers' stores for
same, traveling expenses of officers traveling on
duty under orders from the Treasury Department,
commutation of quarters, and contingent expenses,
including wharfage, towage, dockage, freight, ad-
vertising, and surveys, and miscellaneous oxpenses
which cannot be included under special heads,
$260,000.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to strike out the
last word of that clause, for the purpose of ask-
ing a question of the gentleman who has charge
of this bill, I observe that the appropriations
for the revenue-cutter service amount to over
$1,000,000. I want to know what was the
value of the seizures made during the last
fiscal year?
Mr. HALE. It would take me more lime
than I would have in five minutes to explain
all the operations of the revenue marine ser-
vice. The annual report of the chief of the
Revenue Marine Bureau for the year ending
June 30, 1872, gives not only the aggregate
amount, but the particular work of each ves-
sel, where her station was, what vessel she
relieved, what her seizures were, and, in short,
specific details of the whole service.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish the gentleman
would give me the recapitulation. I want to
know what this service actually costs the
Government.
Mr. HALE. I cannot at this moment place
my eye upon the aggregate amount of seizures.
Mr. RANDALL. I recollect that during the
fiscal year prior to this the seizures amounted
to about $250,000, while the expenses were
nearly $1,000,000.
Mr. HALE. Of course, the gentleman un-
derstands, as the House does, that the seizures
for infringements of the revenue laws do not
make up the entire work of this branch of the
service. The relief afforded to vessels in
distress is very great, aud appertains to vessels
of all other countries as well as our own.
Moreover, the service and the patrolling of
these vessels is very efficacious as a prevent-
ive of violations of the revenue laws.
Mr. RANDALL. I am quite aware of that
fact, aud the usefulness, in some respects, of
this marine service; but there is a growing
belief in the public mind to which I wish to
direct the attention of the Committee on Ap-
propriations that this service is not econom-
ically administered.
Mr. HALE. Let me say in answer to that
for the gentleman's benefit that this is one of
the very few branches of the public service
where the Committee on Appropriations have
found that although there was a constant
demand for an increase of appropriation, they
kept within the figures, and during the last
fiscal year they required less than the previous
year. The establishment is now run at a cost
of three or four hundred thousand dollars less
than it was a few years ago.
Mr. RANDALL. I recollect that consid-
erable complaint has been made, and I am
glad that my question and remarks have drawn
out the fact that there has been a decrease in
the expenditures of $400,000 in one year.
Mr. HALE. No ; not in one year.
Mr. RANDALL. In how many years?
Mr. HALE. In four years.
Mr. RANDALL. Then there has been an
average reduction of $100,000 a year. I with-
draw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
National currency:
lor paper, engraving, printing, express charges,
and other expenses of making and issuing tho na-
tional currency, $100,000.
Mr. COBURN. I move to increase the
amount of that appropriation to $110,000.
The question of printing currency and of the
increase of it is one of very considerable inter-
est to some parts of the Union. A few years
since we passed a law authorizing the issuing
tothe West and South of an additional amount
of national currency of several million dollars,
thus conferring valuable banking privileges.
That amount has all been taken up, and there
is a strong demand for more currency, and it
canuotbehad. Under the law $25,000,000of
currency was ordered to be distributed, to be
taken from the States having more than their
proportion of the currency, and to be given to
those that had less than their proportion. The
Secretary of the Treasury, or the Comptroller
of the Currency through the Secretary of the
Treasury, has announced to the country that
that project is impracticable, that redistribu-
tion is impossible.
Now, some measure must be adopted by
which we can arrive at this matter in a practi-
cable manner. We cannot do it by waiting for
the Secretary of the Treasury to change his
mind on the subject. We cannot wait for the
country to arrange and adapt itself to the pres-
ent distribution of the currency, for instead of
doing that it is disarranging itself more and
more constantly. There is a continual and
rapid increase in the business of the West and
South, and the demand for this additional cur-
rency in those regions is becoming greater
and greater.
This disproportion between the States that
have an excess of the currency and those that
do not have their proportion of it, is con-
stantly growing greater and greater; and in
view of these facts it becomes important for
Congress to act, and to act speedily. It has
been said that to increase the currency to the
extent of twenty-five or fifty millions will be
a detriment, and that inflation of the currency
is not desirable. Now, if inflation in the East
and in the older States is desirable, why
should it not be desirable in the West? If
Massachusetts and Rhode Island, with a cir-
culation of thirty to forty dollars per capita
is benefited thereby and rendered prosperous,
why would not Illinois be benefited by that
proportion of currency in circulation? Or
why would not the State of Missouri be ben-
efited, or the southern States, which desire so
much increased banking privileges? In be-
half of my own State I desire to say that
Indiana is ready to take largely this additional
currency if it were authorized to be issued.
The rate of interest is high, too high there,
and the scarcity of money and bank accommo-
dations a just ground for a demand for relief.
I believe that there ia no question now
before the House, or that will be presented to
the House within a short time, that is of moie
momentous consequence than this. There is
inflation in some portions of the country ; it is
not an inflation of money, but an inflation of
business, of enterprise, of growth, an inflation
of that which is most desirable, a healthy in-
flation. And where that inflation is found,
there should be a corresponding inflation of
the currency. I will not say that it is inflation ;
I misuse the term, it is a certain solid, sub-
stantial growth that should be met and paral-
leled by a growth of the currency, and not by
measures of contraction and efforts of resump-
tion. I call the attention of the House to this
matter now, because before very long Con-
gress will be called upon to vote for some
measure of justice of this kind that will afford
the new and growing portions of the country
a corresponding amount of currency with
which the other sections of the country have
been so well supplied. All we ask is liberal
treatment by those who have a liberal share
of banking privileges.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COBURN. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For expenses in detecting and bringing to trial
and punishment persons engaged in counterfeiting
Treasury notes, bonds, national bank-notes, and
other securities of tho United States, and the coin-
age thereof, and for detecting other frauds upon tho
Government, $125,000.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I move to amend
the paragraph just read, by inserting before
the word "Government" the words " revenue
of the and also by adding to the paragraph
these words:
And the Secretary of the Treasury shall make a
separate report to Congress anually, giving a detailed
statement as to how the amounthereby appropriated
has been expended.
The only object I have in these amendments
is to prevent the possibility of either the present
or any other Secretary of the Treasury appro-
priating or .using the money hereby appropri-
ated for anything outside of the detection of
frauds upon the revenue of the Government.
We had up the other day, as gentlemen will
remember, a matter in relation to the Choc-
taws, in regard to which it was shown that
some $30,000 was to be appropriated by the
Secretary of the Treasury out of this fund. I
do not think this appropriation ought to be
applied to matters of that kind. If it can be
provided that this appropriation is to be ap-
plied to the prevention of frauds on the revenue,
I would be content without the latter clause
of my amendment, that the Secretary of the
