1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
399
Mr. COLE. On this question of economy
of time I may be allowed to make a remark.
It may be possibly in this case an economy
of time to dispose of this report now and to
waste considerable further time upon it; but
1 think, from the statement and the showing
made by my friend from Vermont, it would be
an economy in no other respect; that it is far
from economy in other respects to pass the
bill at this or at any time. That same argu-
ment of economy of time would place any
other bill right in the way of an appropriation
bill. Anybody can interpose a bill in the way
of an appropriation bill, and then claim that
it shall be disposed of in order to save time.
Mr. CONKLING. My friend will allow me
to tell him why I think he is wrong in apply-
ing that general remark to this bill. This is
the report of a committee of conference,
although not privileged in the usage of this
body in its nature a privileged matter. The
bill has been so fully considered in both Houses
that it has gone to the very last stage that
legislation permits, having passed both Houses,
having been referred to a conference commit-
tee and come here and been three times dis-
cussed upon that report. Now, I think that is
a very exceptional case, which my friend will
admit does not often arise in the progress of
legislation.
Mr. COLE. This bill, I believe, was sub-
mitted to a conference committee at the last
session, when my friend opposed it.
Mr. CONKLING. I did.
Mr. COLE. And made a speech against
the claim.
Mr. CONKLING. I did.
Mr. COLE. And I was convinced by his
argument at that time that it ought not to
pass, and nothing has been said since to change
my views in regard to it. It is simply an ap-
peal from the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States to Congress, and there is
no more justification in this appeal than in an
appeal from any other decision of that body.
I am opposed to it on that ground, and upon
the ground stated by myfriend from Vermont,
which it seems to me is conclusive upon the
case.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations—for I
dislike exceedingly to antagonize any bill to
an appropriation bill if it endangers its pas-
sage at all or interferes with others—is not
the appropriation bill on which we are now
engaged the only appropriation bill the com-
mittee has reported to the Senate ? Are there
any others waiting behind it?
Mr. COLE. I believe there are none others
ready, but we are not nearly through with the
appropriation bill now pending. Amendments
to it are being presented to the Committee on
Appropriations ; they are coming in in a per-
fect flood; and I do not see a probability of
getting through with the Indian appropriation
bill in any reasonable time unless we dispose
of it with greater speed than we are likely to
do. I think it will be an economy of time de-
cidedly and of money to dispose of the Indian
appropriation bill before going on with any
other business, and as it is the regular order I
insist on a vote on the motion whether it shall
be laid aside or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to postpone the regular
order, which is the Indian appropriation bill,
in order to continue the consideration of the
conference report.
The motion was agreed to, there being on a
division—ayes 28, noes 11.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report
of the conference committee is before the
Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I design to
speak very briefly upon this question, for I feel
the embarrassment every time this question is
brought up of being compelled, as the Sena-
tor from New York says, to speak de novo
upon the same ground we have already trav-
ersed. I shall avoid it as far as possible.
I am not at all surprised that my friend from
Vermont takes the view of this case which he
does, for I am very free to say that when I first
read the naked case as a lawyer I stumbled
not exactly at the point where he stumbles, I
think, but at one subsequent to it in point of
time. His point is that we ought not to go
back of the receipt which was given by the
claimant in pursuance of the act of Congress
' for the purpose of paying the award of that
commission.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is one of them.
Mr. SCOTT. That seems to have been the
principal ground on which'my friend based
his argument. When I read the case and
found that after that receipt he had gone into
the Court of Claims and obtained a judgment,
and that that judgment had been reversed by
the Supreme Court of the United States, I
1 confess that as a lawyer I felt like stopping
there without looking at the merits of the case;
for the question did present itself to me
whether, after a citizen who had the option of
coming in the first instance to Congress or
going to the tribunal in which the Government
had permitted itself to be sued, and had
availed himself of that option and gone to that
tribunal and had the benefit of the judicial
tribunals, we ought to entertain the case in
j the legislative tribunal; and without going
into the merits of the case I was disposed to
stop there and say we would not entertain the
proposition at all. I am free to say that was
my feeling on the first examination of this
case.
But my duty as a member of the Committee
on Claims required me not simply to come to
a conclusion, but to give the reasons for the
conclusion and to write out a report, and, in
order to do that, I was conlpelled to take up this
case and read it from beginning to end ; and
after I had done so the question which pre-
sented itself to my mind was, shall Congress
stand upon the same technical ground that the
Supreme Court stood upon and rule this man
out of our court, although satisfied that he per-
formed his work honestly and is entitled to
every dollar of this money? That is just the
point that is involved in this case. If it were
in court there would be an end to the case.
There is no doubt at all about that.
But the broa,der question is presented, can
Congress afford to do a palpably unjust thing?
Can it, ought it to take from any of our citi-
zens their labor, their money, and where a
mistake, an error has been committed which
not only deprived a man of his money, but in
effect has ruined him and embarrassed him
for years, when we see that justice requires
that this money ought to be paid, are we to be
bound by these technical rules of law ? The
Supreme Court turned Mr. Adams out of court
upon an estoppel. They alleged that he was
estopped by the receiving of the money allowed
him, whether he had gone before this commis-
sion and been heard or not. That was the
final ground. I do not wish to traverse those
two decisions again.
He took the money, protesting at the time,
when his creditors were at his back for pay-
ment for the very materials which -entered
into the boats he furnished the Government.
So far from there being any allegation of fraud
in that contract, the case is full of evidence
that he honestly performed his contract.
There is no allegation that there was any
fraud in this contract. Even if there were
other contracts which this quartermaster
entered into which the Commissioner of
Claims found to be tainted with fraud, there
are certificates in the evidence that Mr. Adams
performed his contract faithfully. There is
no allegation that there was undue influence
or that this was an improvident contract.
My friend, the chairman of the Committee
on Claims, has stated that that was the opinion
which he arrived at, that it was an improvi-
dent contract; but I cannot agree with him
that that was the opinion of the majority of
the committee, for my own impression is that
the honesty of the case and the justice of the
case impressed itself upon every member of
the committee, and composed as it is of a
majority of lawyers it is a significant fact that
over the finding of that unauthorized com-
mission and over the reversal of the case by
the Supreme Court they did report anything
at all in favor of this claim ; and having re-
ported anything, the question comes down,
shall he be paid the amount simply due for his
materials, without considering that his work
was done on Sunday, and at night as well as
daylight, for the purpose of meeting the exi-
gencies in which the Government found itself,
and by which he was subjected to greatly in-
creased cost over what would have been other-
wise incurred, upon the kind of testimony the
Government sent before its own ooromission,
where he was not heard at all. The question
comes up, shall he be paid simply for that
material, or in pursuance of this honest con-
tract and honestly fulfilled contract?
Now, Mr. President, without going over all
the ground, my examination of this whole
case brought me to the conclusion that to re-
fuse this money would be an injustice to the
claimants, and I came to the further conclu-
sion that to do injustice to any of our citizens
was the very thing this Government could not
afford to do. We can afford to pay just claims
so long as there is a dollar in the Treasury,
rather than to turn away one citizen who has
a just claim against ns, and debar him of his
rights on mere technical grounds.
I am sorry that the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Blair] is not in his place. He was a
member of the conference committee, and I
feel free to say here that a considerable por-
tion of this case was within his personal
knowledge, and I think I am not going too far
when I say that the statements made by him
upon that conference committee perhaps in-
duced some of the members to agree to this
$112,000 instead of $39,000, which had been
reported by the Senate Committee on Claims.
I should have been at that time content if the
bill had passed in that form, and glad to have
it through and off our hands ; but as the con-
ference report is now made I trust that it will
be disposed of, and that we shall give to this
man what is honestly due him atid bo done
with this case.
Mr. PRATT. Having been a member of
the Committee on Claims at the time this case
was considered, it is proper that I should give
briefly the reasons which will govern my vote
on the present motion.
The memorial of Mr. Adams was in the
nature of an appeal from the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States. 'That
court had solemnly decided that Mr. Adams
was entitled to nothing at all from the United
States. The decision has been read in the
hearing of the Senate. I shall not comment
further upon it after the Senate has listened to
the comments of the Senator from Vermont.
Upon looking into the case, and particu-
larly into the opinion rendered by the Court
of Claims, the committee ascertained that jus-
tice would be done to Mr. Adams by paying
him the sum of $39,000 beyond the sum
awarded to him by the board of commissioners
which sat at St. Louis. They found that every-
thing else beyond $39,000 would be in the
nature of pure profits. Now, the House bill
proposes to give to Mr. Adams, in addition to
this sum of $39,000, $73,000 in the shape of
profits. I do not understand that the fact is
controverted that $39,000 completely reim-
burses Mr. Adams for all of his services, and
all of his expenditures in the construction of
these mortar-boats. The majority of the com-
mittee therefore were of opinion that Mr.
Adams ought not to be strictly concluded by
