1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1868
Treasury shall report annually in detail what
has been done with this $125,000. Bitherwould
be acceptable to me; but I want to call the
attention of the Committee of the Whole to the
matter, so that they might say whether the one
or the other thing should not be done.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I concur en-
tirely in the propriety of the first amendment
offered by the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not; I want to op-
pose it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. On the second
branch of the amendment—the proviso—I
have reserved a point of order, which I shall
be obliged to press. While I believe that this
appropriation should be limited t& expendi-
tures for detecting frauds on the revenue, I do
not think matters of this sort ought in all cases
to be exhibited in a public report.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio will state his point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My point of
order is, that the amendment changes existing
law in directing a report which the law does
not now require.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order. The proposed amend-
ment is a limitation upon the appropriation.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to oppose the
amendment. The Treasury needs some fund
out of which payment may be made for the
detection of frauds upon the Government,
including frauds other than those committed
on the revenue. Under the practice of the
Department for a great many years it has been
customary to reward persons who furnished
information by which the Government was
enabled to avoid the unjust payment of money
out of the Treasury. In this way, by the
reward of those who would bring forward
sufficient evidence to defeat a claim, the pay-
ment of money unlawfully or improperly has
in many cases been prevented.
Now, in the case of the Choctaw claim, par-
ties came and offered to the Treasury Depart-
ment evidence which they claimed would show
conclusively that a proposed payment of
$250,000, apparently authorized by Congress,
was a fraud upon the Government. These
parties did not, however, state the nature of
the facts which they would prove. They came
forward and said, as any other person would
under such circumstances, "The Government
is about to be defrauded of $250,000; we have
information which we can put into the hands
of the Government and which will enable it
to resist successfully that claim." They did
not state definitely the nature of the evidence.
A contract was drawn up which did not state
the subject-matter or the evidence to be fur-
nished, but simply that if the parties were
able to furnish the Government information
by which the payment of $250,000 from the
Treasury could be avoided they should have a
certain percentage of thatamount. The parties
in fact did not produce to the Government any
information which brought them within the
terms of the contract, which required that the
Attorney General should be satisfied that on
account of the information furnished a fraud-
ulent claim against the Government had been
defeated. I understand it is the view of the
Solicitor of the Treasury Department and of
the Attorney General that no such contract was
complied with. The parties simply exhibited
records in the Treasury Department; and this,
according to the understanding of the Treasury
Department and the Attorney General, was not
furnishing information according to the con-
tract; and the provision which we inserted m
the other bill by way of caution was in fact
unnecessary, because these parties had not
earned the reward.
But suppose that the Government were about
to pay a claim of two hundred and fifty or
five hundred thousand dollars, upon the under-
standing that it was a just claim; and sup-
pose parties should come forward and act-
ually furnish evidence, outside of anything
within the knowledge of the Government,
entirely dehors the record, by which the Gov-
ernment would be enabled to avoid the pay-
ment of that claim, ought there not to be some
fund out of which some compensation might
be made to parties furnishing such informa-
tion? Gentlemen might say, "Let the Sec-
retary of the Treasury report the matter to
Congress, and let the parties come here and
get an appropriation which shall compensate
them." But in the first place we cannot get
men to work upon any such terms, and, more
than that, if we could, Congress would prob-
ably never pay them, or at any rate they would
have to weary their lives out here in order to
get a small compensation.
For this reason the pending appropriation
ought not to be limited to expenditures for
detection of frauds upon the revenue, as' by
such a limitation we would prevent the Treas-
ury Department from availing itself of offered
information which might enable it to defeat
improper claims—to avoid the payment of
claims apparently legal, but ia fact rotten. I
think for these reasons the amendment sug-
gested ought not to prevail.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Mr. Chairman,
I wish to say one other word. The amend-
ment I propose to insert in line ninety-nine,
so as to make it read " detecting other frauds
on the revenue of the Government," it seems
to me even to meet the views of the gentle-
man from California.
Mr. SARGENT. No. That ought to be
provided; but you ought to provide some
means by which the Treasury can have means
to defeat fraudulent payments out of the
Treasury. Suppose, for the sake of argument,
the Choctaw claim had been fraudulent, and
parties could bring out a particular record to
show that it was a fraudulent claim—that they
could bring evidence dehors the records in
the possession of the Government, showing
that it was a fraudulent claim, then there ought
to be some compensation, for otherwise they
will not do it.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. If we are appro-
priating money we ought to do it specifically
for that purpose. • This is very evident from
the discussion the other day, when it was
alleged that the Treasury Department had
the right to pay out $30,000 for the purpose
of obtaining information relative to matters
growing out of treaties and laws. That De-
partment did make a conditional contract, as
was shown, by which $30,000 of the public
money was to be diverted to that purpose.
Mr. SARGENT. My friend will observe
the Treasury Department could not know be-
fore the contract was made what was the sub-
ject-matter of the evidence and proof that a
certain claim was fraudulent. It was notstated
in the contract. It may have been a fraud of
any sort whatever. It may have been a bur-
glarious attempt.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I suppose before
any contract is made, the subject-matter would
at least be inquired into.
Mr. SARGENT. Let me suggest if the per-
son who possesses the information puts it into
the hands of the Treasury, and t hen asks for a
contract to be made, of coursc no contract
would be made.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. The only object
I have in this regard is when we make appro-
priations of money they should be made for
specific purposes, and that in this case it shall
be for detecting frauds on the revenue of the
Government, as I propose, instead of frauds on
the Government. Frauds on the Government
may mean a thousand things with which even
the Secretary has nothing to do. They may
come within "the jurisdictions of other Depart-
ments of the Government. They may come
within the jurisdiction ot the Department of
Justice. When we put into the hands of th '
Secretary of the Treasury money for the pur
pose of detecting frauds, it" ought to be for the
purpose of detecting frauds on the revenue of
the Government.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I desire to say
in addition, we ought to provide here the Sec-
retary of the Treasury should report annually
what he does with this money.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say a word in reference to this matter, and for
that purpose I move informally to strike out
the last word.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I was much pleased to
hear the statement made by the gentleman
from California, that the Secretary of the
Treasury does not mean to pay the $30,000
spent the other day. In my remarks at that
time I had no disposition to cast any reflec-
tions upon his integrity. On the contrary, I
thought, when his attention was called to the
proposition, he would see, as it seems he has
seen, the injustice of it and would act accord-
ingly-
1 wish now to question the motion made by
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] in
this bill, that if we pay money for the purpose
of detecting frauds, that matter ought to be
brought to the light, so bad men may know
there are watchers upon their tracks and they
will be brought to the light and exposed before
the country in their attempts to rob the Treas-
ury. I do not helieve it is necessary to spend
much money in finding out these matters if we
expose before the country the parties who are
seeking to rob the Treasury. Then all bad men
will know they are watched and be exceed-
ingly careful what they do. I believe we
should publish the fact that such is our in-
tention, and it will prevent frauds upon the
Government of the United States. 1 believe
the gentleman from Kentucky is right in mak-
ing his amendmeut specific.
Mr. SARGENT. That portion of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky I agree
to fully. I think it well to have a report to
Congress. But when he limits the inquiry to
frauds upon the revenue it seems to me he
restricts it too much. That is what I dissent,
from. But in order to test the House, I will ask
for a division on that.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I have no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. HALE. I will move an informal
amendment for the purpose of saying a wnrd.
On hearing this amendment reread it strikes
me it will not reach what the gentleman from
Kentucky desires. At first 1 thought favora-
bly of the amendment, but it seems to me now
it limits this detection to frauds on the reve-
nue of the Government; that is, to the in-
coming avails of the Treasury only.
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly.
Mr. HALE. Now, does the gentleman
want that himself? For instance, it here was
a plan concocted m the Treasury Department
to issue falsely and fraudulently bonds of the
Government, it clearly should be detected,
and I presume the gentlemau from Kentucky
would desire such a detection. But to limit it
to revenues of the Government—the customs,
the internal revenue, the income ot the Gov-
ernment—would so restrict it, that I think the
gentleman himself must see that it does not
meet, even his purpose. His amendment,
though I intended at first to vote for it, I find
will not accomplish what is designed by it.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I do not wish to
limit it to that exte.nt. The last amendment
will answer my purpose, and I withdraw the
first one.
The CM AIRMAN. The question recurs on
the second amendment offeied by the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Bkuk,] which the
Clerk will read :
The Clerk read as follows:
After line one hundred add the iollowipg words ?.
And the Secretary of the Treasury shall make a
