64
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[February 13,
Ho. of Reps.
James River and Kanawha Canal—Mr. Duke.
42d Conq.,..3d Sbss.
or?. If we cherish our liberties the power
mast remain with the people, where it right-
fully belongs; and selfish combinations must
not be permitted to impoverish the country in
their greed for wealth to control elections and
corrupt the Government in its several branches.
I do not claim that all who have their means
invested in railroad property are bad men ; on
the contrary I know there are many honorable
exceptions, but their power is lost in the
strength of the combinations. Wealth is a
source of great good when properly employed,
but is transformed into a dangerous evil if
" filched by indirection " from the people and
used in their oppression. It then begets serf-
dom on the one hand and aristocracy on the
other, both dangerous to our form of govern-
ment.
In conclusion. I desire to say that in my
judgment every consideration of justice and
policy requires the enactment of a general
law to prevent these extortionate charges and
discriminations on the part of railroads. I
am not so sanguine, however, as to hope that
such a law will remove all the evils that stand
in the way of the western producer, though it is
the first step and will do much in that direction.
James River and Kanawlia Canal.
SPEECH OP HON. R. T. W. DUKE.
OF VIRGINIA,
in the House of Representatives,
February 13, 1873,
On the bill (H. It. No. 3951) to provide for the cre-
ation of a board of commissioners of commerce,
and to prescribe the duties theroof.
Mr. DUKB. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
submit some remarks upon the bill introduced
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
neqley] providing for the completion of the
James River and Kanawha canal by the Gen-
era! Government, and I desire to state at the
outset, that much which will be said by me
has no claim to originality; for upon a ques-
tion which has occupied so much of the atten-
tion of the best men of my own State, and of
those western States particularly interested in
this subject, it would be impossible for me to
present much that was new.
FIBST SUGGESTION OF A WATER ROUTK ACROSS THIS
CONTINENT.
More than a century ago, when the territory
north of the Ohio was uninhabited by the
white man, if we except one or two French
military posts ; when the now populous State
of Kentucky was still the favorite hunting-
ground of the red man ; when that vast extent
of country which stretches from the Missis-
sippi river to the Pacific ocean was known
only from the vague reports of wandering
savages—at a time when the French and Eng-
lish were contending for the mastery upon
this continent—before the then "loyal" col-
onies had raised the standard of "rebellion"
against the "lawful authority" of Great Brit-
ain ; about the time Patrick Henry began to
talk " treason'' in the house of burgesses of
the* colony of Virginia, one of the most far-
seeing men of that colony, who was then en-
gaged in instructing the youthful Jefferson,
thus wrote from bis home in Louisa county,
Virginia, to his relative in London :
"Though both (Evans's map and pamphlet) be
liable to several exceptions, and 1 believe just ones,
yet both are very useful in the ma,in, and together
give an attentive peruser a clear idea of the value
of the now contested lands and waters to cither of
the two competitor princes, together with a proof
amounting to more than probability that he of the
two who shall remain master of Ohio and the lakes
at the end of the dispute must, in the courseof afew
years, without an interposal of Providence topre-
vent it, become *ole and absolute lord of North
America; to which I will further add, as my own
private opinion, that the same will one day or other
render either Hudson's river at New York, or Poto-
mac river in Virginia, the grand emporium of all
East Indian commodities. Marvel not at this, how-'
ever surprising it may seem; perhaps, before I have
done with you, you will-believe it to be not entirely
chimera.
" When it is considered how far the eastern branohes
of that immense river (Mississippi) extend eastward,
and how near they come to the navigable, or rather
eanoeable parts of the rivers which empty themselves
into the sea that washes our shores to the east, it
seems highly probable that its western branches
reaoh as far the other way, and make as near ap-
proaches to rivers emptying themselves into the
ocean to the west of us, the Pacifio ocean, across
which a short and easy communication—short in
comparison with tbo present route thither—-opens
itsolf to the navigator from that shore of the con-
tinent to tho eastern Indies."—Letter from Rev.
*famen Ma it iv to his uncle, London, dated Louisa, Jan-
uary 10,1766.
From the day this was written to the present
time, the wisest,, most practical, and far-seeing
men of Virginia have fondly looked forward
to the time when the grand achievement thus
shadowed forth should be accomplished.
HISTORY OP THE JAMES RIVER AND KANAWHA CANAL.
The idea of connecting the waters of Chesa-
peake bay with those of the • Ohio and Missis-
sippi rivers occupied at an early day the atten-
tion of General Washington. It can hardly
be doubted that the idea of this connection
suggested itself to him from that knowledge
of the country which he acquired in his sur-
veys along the headwaters of the Potomac,
and upon his perilous expedition to Fort
Duquesne. He repeatedly urged upon the
Governor and council of Virginia "the im-
portance, as well for commercial as for military
purposes," of a connection by water between
the Chesapeake bay and Ohio river. He made
tours of examination in order to ascertain the
practicability, cost, and advantages of this con-
nection. In 178*1, in a letter to Mr. Jefferson,
he writes that he had long been impressed with
the importance of this work. He " repeat-
edly referred to the same subject afterward."
He "visited the Legislature in order to con-
fer with the members upon a plan of internal
improvement; and on the 13th of December
.lames Madison, chairman of a committee
appointed for that purpose, reported a bill
for opening and extending the navigation of
the James river, which became a law January
5, 1785."
This organization continued until the 17t,h
day of February, 1820, when the original act
was amended and the rights and interests of
the James River Company were transferred to
the Commonwealth, and by a subsequent act
"all the rights, powers, duties, and privileges
of the president and directors were conferred
upon the board of public works." The James
River and Kanawha Company was incorpor-
ated ' March 10, 3832, and organized May 25,
1835. The construction of the new canal from
Richmond to Lynchburg, a distance of one hun-
dred and forty-six and a half miles, was com-
menced in 1836 and completed December 1,
1840. The second division, extending from
Lynchburg to Buchanan, a distance of fifty
miles, was completed in November, 1851. In
addition to this hundred and ninety-six and a
half miles of completed canal, a good deal of
work was done between Buchanan and Cov-
ington.
I cannot pass from this branch of the sub-
ject without brief mention of one who had
more to do with the inception and first con-
struction of this work than any other; and I
feel constrained the more to make some refer-
ence to him from the fact that in not one of
the numerous publications on this subject do
I find any allusion to his eminent services in
and out of the Legislature in connection with
this great enterprise. It was his fate, as is
usually the lot of those who originate great
undertakings, to meet with bitler and unre-
lenting opposition and almost persecution
from those who opposed his plans; but, with
marked abilt.y, tact, and prudence, he met and
overcame the hostile, stimulated the luke-
warm, and animated the friendly. I refer to
the late Joseph C. Cabell, of Nelson county,
Virginia.
Endowed by nature with an intellect of a very
high order, cultivated by study and observa-
tion at home and in Europe, adorned with the
greatest purity of character, graced with a
modesty almost womanly, yet tenacious of
purpose in the pursuit of that he deemed
right, he was at an early age tendered by the
President of the United States, Mr. Jefferson,
honorable employment both at home and
abroad, all of which offers were declined; as
he preferred to devote his talents to the ser-
vice of his native State. In 1809 he was
elected to the Legislature, in which body he
served for twenty consecutive years. Soon
after he entered that body he became the
ardent advocate for the establishment of a
State university. After an arduous and some-
what protracted struggle, by his active efforts
in the Legislature, and through the overshad-
owing influence of Mr. Jefferson, the author
of the pl^n, our noble university was estab-
lished, and from the time of its establishment,
he, along with Jefferson, Madison, and Mon-
roe, became one of its honored visitors, which
position he continued to hold until his death
in 18G6.
At an early day Mr. Cabell became deeply
interested in the question of the construction
of a line of water communication from the
James to the Ohio river, and by his exertions
in the Legislature, and before the people, he
was greatly instrumental in enlisting popular
favor in behalf of this improvement. When
the new company was organized in 1835, he
was elected its first president. He held this
office until 184G. In that year he was unani-
mously reelected president, but on learning a
few days after his election that some members
of the Legislature assigned the fact of his being
the president of the company as the main
reason for their opposing a bill for the relief
of the company,- he at once resigned his posi-
tion rather than be an obstacle to the success
of a measure which he deemed of such vital
interest to his State. Notwithstanding his
resignation, he continued to the day of his
death to take a deep interest in the canal,
and he afforded to the presidents of the com-
pany who succeeded him most important
assistance in the discharge of their duties,
Under his administration the canal was com-
pleted from Richmond to Lynchburg, one
hundred and forty-six and a half miles, and
the original plan of improvement inaugurated
by him has been continued with buc slight
alterations.
Description of the Virginia water-line.
The Virginia water line extends from tidewater,
on James river at Richmond, to the Ohio at Point
Pleasant, the mouth of the Great Kanawha, a dis-
tance of 482 miles, and consists of the following com-
pleted and unfinished works :
Miles.
1. The Richmond dock and tidewater connec-
tion, (completed)  1.00
2. The first division of the canal, extending
from Richmond to Lynchburg, (com-
pleted)   146.50
3. The second division of the canal, extend-
ing from Lynchburg to Buchanan, (com-
pleted)  50.00
4. The third division of tho canal, extend-
ing from Buchanan to Covington, (par-
tially constructed)  47.00
5. The fourth division of the canal, extend-
ing from Covington to the Greenbrier
river, (not yet touched)  29.33
G. The Greenbiier and New rivers, to Lyken's
shoals, on the*3£anawha 123.21
7. The Kanawha river, from Lyken's shoals
to the Ohio river  85.12
482.16
The different forms of navigation on this route are
thus distributed:
Two hundred and eight miles of slack-water navi-
gation from the Ohio to Howard's creek, a branch
of tho Greenbrier.
Forty-two and three fourth miles of slack-water
at intervals between the Greenbrier river and Rich-
mond.
Two hundred and fchirty-four and a quarter miles
