1364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
separate report to Congress annually, giving a de-
tailed statement as to how the money hereby appro-
bated has been expended.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following paragraph was read :
For detecting and punishing violation ofthe inter-
course acts of Congress, and frauds committed in the
Indian service, the same to be expended by the At-
torney General; in allowing such increased fees and
compensation of witnesses, jurors, and marshals;
and in defraying such other expenses as may be
necessary for this purpose, $10,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I offer
the following amendment, to come in after the
paragraph just read:
For completing the revision of the statute?, and
preparing the same to be presented in the form of
a bill or bills to the next Congress, including the pay-
ment of salaries and incidental expenses of the work,
and properly preparing indexesthereto, $12,000, to
be expended under the supervision of the Depart-
ment of Justice.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Will the gentleman
state how far that work has progressed ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. With
pleasure. It is all revised and ready to be put
m the form of a bill. There are some matters
which have taken a good deal of time. But
the whole can be printed and put in the form
of a bill to be submitted to next Congress.
The sum I find, after a careful examination, to
be necessary for expenses does not exceed
$12,000, and will be expended under the super-
vision of the Department of Justice.
The amendment was agreed to.
order of business.
The hour of two o'clock having arrived,
The SPEAKER resumed the chair and said:
To the exclusion of all other orders, the House
proceeds at two o'clock to consider the bill
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary
in relation to the Geneva award.
Mr. -BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Before
proceeding to the consideration of this bill I
desire to make a proposition to the House:
that the debate shall continue on it to-day as
long as the House thinks proper—and I should
be willing that the debate should be continued
at an evening session if it is so desired—but
that to-morrow, after the reading of the Jour-
nal, the previous question shall be considered
ordered, so that we may have a vote on it in a
full House, as it is a very important measure.
I hope there will be no objection to this propo-
sition.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
is that the previous question shall be consid-
ered as ordered on the bill before the House
adjourns to day, so that it may come up after
the reading of the Journal to-morrow and the
vote taken one hour thereafter.
Mr. BANKS. Doesthat exclude the morn-
ing hour?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour would
commence after this was disposed of.
Mr. BANKS. If the proposition would
take from us the morning hour, and requires
unanimous consent, I object.
The SPEAKER. This would not neces-
sarily set aside the morning hour.
Mr. BANKS. Let this come in after the
morning hour.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have no
objection to that.
Mr. DAWES. I ask my colleague to let it
come in immediately after the Boston relief
bill.
Mr. POLAND. Before any arrangement
of this kind is made, I desire to offer a substi-
tute for this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] asks that the propo-
sition shall be so modified that the bill in rela-
tion to the Geneva award shall come up to-
morrow immediately after the morning hour.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If we should
agree to this, what effect would it have on the
right to amend the bill?
The SPEAKER. It would not affect that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is it under-
stood that the bill is open for amendment ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Precisely
as it would be if the previous question was not
considered ordered at the time I propose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, If the floor is
to be held so that amendments cannot be
offered except by the consent of the person
in charge of the bill, then to agree that at a
certain hour the previous question shall be
pending amounts to saying that no amend-
ments shall be offered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
will say that it shall be called at that time.
Mr. BANKS. I object to any arrangement
of the kind unless it is to take place atter the
morning hour.
Mr. POLAND. I desire at some time to
offer a substitute for this bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am con-
tent to have it arranged that we shall proceed
to vote at one o'clock, or that the previous
question shall be considered as called at one
o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman modifies
his request so that the previous question shall
be considered as operating on the bill at one
o'clock.
Mr. BANKS. Will that exclude the morn-
ing hour?
The SPEAKER. It does not; but the gen-
tleman will observe that it does not gaurantee
the morning hour.
Mr. BANKS. I understand that other
matters may interfere with the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the arrangement suggested by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] will be
made.
Mr. HIBBARD. I object.
Mr. POLAND. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts allow me to offer a substitute
for the bill ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not at
this moment. I want to have this matter of
the time for taking the vote arranged. Is it
arranged ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Who
objects?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard] objects to
the arrangement.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
proposing simply to' take the vote at one
o'clock to-morrow, when we shall have a full
House, and that will leave the morning hour
which my colleague desires.
Mr. HIBBARD. Call it two o'clock.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
content with that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What order is
set for to-morrow? I understand there is a
special order to the exclusion of all other
orders.
The SPEAKER. There is not.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot con-
sent that the day shall be taken away from the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman from Ohio will observe that it will not
take longer to dispose of this bill at one time
than at another.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. No, but we can
work the bill through this evening.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
quite willing to do that.
Mr. POTTER. But there will be no one
here to listen this evening.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Or to
vote either.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman a mode which would enable
the majority of the House to control the mat-
ter, and it is that he test the sense of the
House to day on the previous question, and
if it be sustained, the bill will go over till
to-morrow, with one hour for debate after the
reading of the Journal.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very
well i I am content with that.
fortification bill.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana, submitted the
following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of tho
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 3352) making appro-
priations for the construction, preservation, and
repair of certain fortifications and other works of
defense, having met, after free and full conference
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the second and third amendments of the Senate, and
agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the first amendment ofthe Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows;
At the end of said amendment add the following:
"and as far as neoessary for the residue of the cur-
rent fiscal year;" and that the House agree to the
same.
WM. E. NIBLACK,
J?. W. PALMER.
FRANK MORKY,
Managers on the part of the House,
WM. SPBAHUB,
GEO. F. EDMONDS,
J. W. STEVENSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
message from the president.
A message from the President, by Mr. O. E.
Babcock, his Private Secretary, announced
that he had approved and signed bills of the
following titles :
A bill (H. R. No. 3476) to provide for the
removal of the wooden buildings on Judiciary
square;
A bill (H. R. No. 2934) revising and amend-
ing the laws relative to the mints, assay offices,
and coinage of the United States ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3253) to provide for the
appointment of a commission to complete the
boundary line between the territory of the
United States and the possessions of Great
Britain not completed under the aetof August
11, 1856, to carry into effect the first article of
the treaty of June 15, 1846;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) to enable
the people of the United States to participate
in the advantages of the international exposi-
tion to be held in Vienna iu 1873;
A bill (H. R. No. 3789) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to refund the differential
duty on articles actually on shipboard in French
vessels destined for the United States on the
5th of November, 1872; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3496) to amend an act en-
titled '"An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved March 2, 1867.
consular, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. SWANN submitted the following re-
port :
The committee of conference -on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the bill of the House
No. 3258, making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic service of tho Government for the
year ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes,
having met, after full and free conference, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses, asfollows:
That the Senate recede from its amendments num-
bered 4, 5,6, 9,14,15, and 16.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate numbered 1. 3, 7, 8,
10,11,12,13,17, and 18.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: strike out
of said Senate amendment tho words '' for the
year ending June30,1873, and;" and that the Senate
agree to the same.
THOMAS SWANN,
EUGENE 11ALE,
N.P. BANKS,
Managers on the part of the House,
LOT M. MORRILL,
C. SCI1CRZ.
Managers on the part, of the Senate.
Mr. COBURN. I would suggest that in
order to act understanding^ on this subject,
