400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
the decision of the Supreme Court, since it
appeared that the sum of $39,000 was merit-
oriously due him. They therefore took this
middle course, souse of us being reluctant to
entertain the memorial at all, thinking that it
was setting a bad precedent for Cougress to
legislate in favor of a man who had submitted
his case to the highest court of the land and
where a decision had been rendered against
him; but, sir, humane counsels prevailed, and
the majority of the committee were willing to
give him $39,000. That is as far as I am will-
ing to go. Everything beyond that is in the
natare of profits. I have thought it proper to
submit briefly these reasons for the vote I shall
give in this case.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, I was un-
fortunate enough to differ with the other mem-
bers of the committee upon this claim. I
took occasion, when this claim was before the
Senate at the last session, to give my reasons
for differing with the report of the committee
and against the allowance of oue dollar to this
claimant. I deem it my duty at this time, as
the question will perhaps be now finally determ-
ined, to state in a very brief way the consid-
erations which influence my judgment.
It will be remembered that this claimant was
paid before the sitting of the St. Louis com-
mission $235,000. It will be remembered
also that he was paid, as the award of that
commission, some $95,000. The report of
the committee of conference, following the
report of the Committee on Claims, allows him
$3-3.000 more. The House bill allowed him
SI 12,000. The question now before the
Senate is whether we shall agree to this con-
ference report allowing this claimant $39,000.
Now, I think there are at least three ample
and sufficient reasons 
Mr. EDMUNDS. The conference report
allows him the whole sum, $112,000.
Mr. WRIGHT. Not $112,000 ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, it gives the whole
amount.
Mr. WRIGHT. I had the impression that
the conference report allowed him but $39,000,
but if it allows him $112,000 it is still worse.
Then the question recurs whether we shall
concur in this conference report allowing him
$112,000. I confess that I cannot see how
the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott]
could possibly concur in that report after the
report he made from the Committee on Claims,
especially in view of the ground upon which
he put his conclusion in making that report.
But I was about to say there are these three
reasons, growing out of the action of the courts
and action on his own part, why not one
dollar of this claim should be paid : I main-
tain, as a matter of law. and as between in-
dividuals, and to this I am sure there can be
no objection, that this party is concluded by
the judgment of this commission, that he was
a party to those proceedings in legal contem-
plation. In other words, I say that if this
question was between individuals, and in a
court of justice, no lawyer could be found who
would insist that his party was not concluded
by such judgment, for though he was not
brought into court by any form of process,
though he did not at the time the investigation
commenced make himself a party to proceed-
ings, he did before the judgment or determina-
tion of the tribunal was rendered make him-
self a party to the proceedings, and therefore
he is, as a matter of law, concluded.
I say, therefore, that if the question stood
there, and there was nothing subsequent, this
Farty would be concluded as a matter of law.
say, in the next place, that when we go one
step beyond that, and ascertain that this party
accepted that judgment, received the fruits of
that determination, took the money and gave
his receipt, he is again, as a matter of law,
concluded, and would be, as between individ-
uals, in any court of justice in the land.
I say, in the third place, that having sub-
mitted his case voluntarily to the Court of
Cliiims, a tribunal erected by the Congress of
the United States to hear such cases, and hav-
ing been heard there, having been atforded an
opportunity to present his testimony, and hav-
ing presented his testimony, and that tribunal
having decided the Question as to the law and
the facts, the United States, as it had a right
to do, then having taken the case to the Su-
preme Court, and the Supreme Court having
determined the case upon its merits, not upon
any technicality but solely upon its merits as a
matter of law, and in view of all these facts
having determined the question against him,
there is the third time that he is concluded by
his own act and the judgment of the court.
I undertake to say, m view of this hurried
statement of the condition of this case, that
no lawyer upon this floor would pretend to
hold that, as between individuals in a court of
justice, this man would have any possibility of
recovering this claim against the Government.
Now, the question is, can the Government
afford, having given this man a tribunal where
he could be heard, he having gone there vol-
untarily and been heard, and that tribunal,
the highest in the land, having decided against
him—can this Government afford, holding the
money of the people, in the face of such de-
cisions, to review and reverse the action of
this tribunal?
Mr. President, I want to have the question
decided here once for all, for this is a case
where it can be determined understanding^,
that we may know what is to be done here-
after by the Committee on Claims. I say this
as an humble member of the Committee on
Claims. If claimants go before the tribunals
of the country, have a fair and full hearing,
if there be no mistake or fraud or accident,
and those tribunals decide against them on the
merit of the claim, I want to have it determ-
ined now once for all whether Congress is to
be appealed to from time to time to allow these
claims. If so, let it be so stated, and we will
then know what to do in the Committee on
Claims.
Understand, Mr. President, there was no
duty or obligation upon this man to go to the
Court of Claims, there was no obligation on
the part of the Government to erect such a
tribunal. Such a tribunal was erected how-
ever, and he went before it and had his case
adjudicated j and now, without any claim that
there has been a mistake or fraud or accident,
there being no new state of facts, but upon
the precise testimony that that tribunal acted
upon, upon these facts precisely and none
other, he comes before this Senate and insists
that the Senate shall review and reverse that
action. I say if you can do it in this case you
are bound to do it in every case that arises
where you think hardship has intervened and
you believe a party is wronged. No Govern-
ment on earth can do justice to all parties and
in all1 cases. Mistakes will occur; wrongs
will intervene ; but it is better that we stand
upon principles—upon principles that appear
general and just and right—than that we
undertake to correct all the particular wrongs
that individuals may by possibility suffer.
It seems to me there is no principle of law
or morals, no principle of right or wrong, as
understood between individuals, or between
the Government and the individual, that should
compel or that would justify this Senate in
allowing this man another dollar. I say in all
conscience, if he is entitled to a dollar, he is
entitled to $112,000, rather than $39,000. If
the Senate can go back of his receipt, can go
back of the action of the St. Louis commis-
sion and the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States, to his contract, then if
he had_ a contract, I say he is entitled to all
the fruits of the contract, and there is no law
to hold him to the quantum meruit; but I say
he is not entitled to a dollar because of the
reasons I have suggested.
Mr. SCOTT. I trust the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Wkkjht] will permit me to call his atten-
tion to a remark made by him which .seemed
to be in the nature of an animadversion upon
the course I have taken. I know he did not
intend to make any reflection by the remark
that dropped incidentally from him. He ex-
pressed surprise that I should admit the jus-
tice of the claim for $112,000 after making
this report. I call his attention to the lan-
guage of that report:
" The majority of the committee (lecidoil ngainst
allowing tho contract price and in favor of the sum
found by the Court of Claims upon a quantum meruit."
After having examined the case myself, I
made that report, but did it as the organ of the
committee. It is not necessary for me to state
here the course I took in that committee, but
I will say that I think his argument, that if the
claimant is entitled to anything he is entitled
to the $112,000, is sound, and that I yield to it
and believe it cannot be answered.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I have not
paid strict attention to this case, but before
voting I want to be put right upon it. It
seems from the statements that have been
made that a settlement was made at one time
and a certain sum accepted by this party iu
discharge of this claim. Now, if there are
any circumstances in regard to that settlement
which made it inequitable that the claimant
should be bound by it and show that he ought
to recover notwithstanding, I should be glad
to have them briefly stated. I ask why the
settlement should not be binding upon him ?
Mr. SCOTT. Does the Senator appeal to
me?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir. I would be glad
to have the information from the Senator trom
Pennsylvania.
Mr. SCOTT. I will be compelled to relate
very briefly the circumstances in order to an-
swer the Senator's question. A commission
had been appointed by the War Department
to examine into the contracts made by General
Fremont at St. Louis. It is agreed upon all
hands that that commission had no legal au-
thority—I mean no such authority as a court
has—to bind the parties whose claims were
examined by it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Did not the Supreme
Court decide that they had the legal authority
to bind any party who went before them and
submitted his case?
Mr. SCOTT. The Supreme Court has de-
cided that it had not authority to bind any
party who did not submit his case. The com-
missioners' award was made for the Govern-
ment. If the parties went before that tribunal
voluntarily and submitted their cases, I agree
that the Supreme Court does say that such a
voluntary submission of the case would be
binding upon them.
Mr. CONKLING. Like an arbitration.
Mr. SCOTT. It would be like a voluntary
submission of the case to arbitration. But
Mr. Adams alleges that he did not submit his
case; he says that he sent no witnesses before
that commission, but when he heard that it
had taken up his case and examined the wit-
nesses that the Government had brought be-
fore this commission, he did send in a letter,
after the case had already been heard, asking
the commissioners to deal liberally with him ;
but he did not submit his case to their adjudi-
cation. They made an award, and after an
award was made, Cougress passed an act pro-
viding for the payment of the amounts which
that commission adjudicated to the several
claimants whose cases they had examined,
After that act was passed, Mr. Adams, pro-
testing all the time against receiving the
money, but alleging that his creditors who
had furnished him the iron, the timber, and
the other materials out of which these mortar-
boats were constructed, were at his back
pressing for money, did give his receipt; but
at the same time protesting in writing against
