1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
401
receipting for this money and saying that he
took it for the purpose of meeting the demands
of his creditors.
Mr. MORTON. Do I understand that there
is no other settlement or acceptance fc satis-
faction but that?
Mr. SCOTT. None other. After that be
went into the Court of Claims, and with all
these facts before them they entered a judg-
ment in his favor for $112,000, the contract
price. I do not wish to take up the time of
the Senate in narrating the case, because I
assume that its general features are within the
knowledge of the Senators, having been so
often before them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I think
this case is one where an attempt is made to
take advantage of a citizen by the power of the
Government; that is all there is in it. I knew
something about these contracts in the WeBt.
At the time it was alleged, and perhaps truly,
(about that I will not undertake to say,) that
many improvident contracts were made in the
department of the West in the early stages of
the war; but while many improvident con-
tracts may have been made, and while there
may have been many dishonest contractors in
the West* there were some honest men who
had dealings with the Government and per-
formed their contracts; and where a man dealB
with the (government and performs his con-
tract he is entitled to his pay and ought to be
paid.
But by reason of these allegations of improv-
ident and improper contracts, and perhaps
fraudulent ones, the War Department declined
to settle the claims of all these contractors,
and without any aathority of law whatever, but
perhaps properly enough for the information
of the Department, the then Secretary of War
appointed three gsntlemen to go to St. Louis
acd examine these claims -and report to him
upon them. They went out there and money
was withheld from all the contractors. Men
who had invested their all in these contracts
to supply materials to the Government to
prosecute the war were refused payment, and
this commission proceeded to examine con-
tracts and determine what was due. Now, it
was no arbitration. Arbitration is where both
parties select their tribunal and submit their
case. These persons were appointed by the
War Department.
This gentleman, with many others, and it is
not peculiar perhaps to this single individual,
finding that he could not have bis claim allowed,
sent in a statement of it before this commis-
sion. This commission examined it and made
to him a certain allowance, not the amount
due under his contract, but something else.
He refused to receive that in payment of his
claim; and what does he do? Now this is
called an arbitration. It is set out here in the
finding of the Court of Claims; what did he
do?
"On his said claims the said petitioner received
from the said commissioners vouchers for the said
sums of 875,959 24 and $20,196, and signed a receipt
for said two vouchers, in words following, namely,
'the undersigned acknowledge to have received^the
vouchers reterred to and described below, which,
when paid, will be in full of all demands against the
United States on account of the respective claims
set opposite their several names.' "
That, Mr. President, is a receipt in fall.
"And the petitioner was not allowed by the com-
missioner to receive said vonohers until he had signed
the said receipt; and he protested against such
action of the commissioners, and signed the receipt
and agreement under said protest.
Now, that is called by the gentleman (< sub-
mitting to arbitration I '' He was not allowed
to receive a cent unless he signed a receipt in
full. The Government, exercising its power,
refused to pay him anything, and then, when
he accepted a part in this manner, that is
called arbitration. It is said that he has sub-
mitted his case and is concluded. He brings
suit in the Court of Claims, and they find that
he is entitled to a certain sum. The Sen-
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 26.
ator from Iowa [Mr. Wright] says that he is
entitled to the sum reported here, if anything.
Appeal was taken to the Supreme Court of
the United States from this decision of the
Court of Claims, and allowing him this sum,
and the Supreme Court say this is an arbitra-
tion, and he is concluded by it. That may be
. the law ; but I think, as some gentleman has
said, that this Government cannot afford to
refuse to pay an honest claim. They cannot
refuse to pay anything on it and insist that the
party, in order to get anything at all to live
upon, shall take half of it; not paying it unless
he gives a receipt in full, and then insist that
his accepting that was submitting to arbitra-
tion. I have never investigated this claim,
but when the Senator from Iowa tells us this
claim was passed upon on its merits, I ask to
differ. The Supreme Court did not examine
its merits as I understand. They put their ac-
tion upon the ground that this was an arbitra-
tion,
Mr. WRIGHT. The Senator from Illinois
is mistaken entirely. l*hey did not put it upon
that ground, but upon the ground that he had
signed a receipt for this money.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Here is what the court
say a:
" Although it is true that the appellee did not pre-
sent his claims before the board, as stated in the
finding in the record of appeal, it cannot, in view of !
i the facts whieh appear in the original record of the I
evidence betbre the Court of Claims, well be denied I
but that he made himself a party to the proceed- 1
ings and took the benefit of tbe adjustment of his
accounts by them, whioh brings the case within the
principle deeided in 7 Wallaoe."
Now, it cannot be denied that he gave the
. receipt. It is not denied, but it is a fact found
by the court, and not disputed, that he refused
to take the money ; and the commission said
he should not have anything unless he gave
the receipt in fall, and then he gave the re-
ceipt under protest. There is a fact, and that
is the fact on which the opinion of the court,
from which I have read, is based, reversing
the decision of the Court of Claims and deny-
ing the relief.
I think, not only in this case but in every
one where the Government makes use of power
to coerce the party, and as it seems to me was
done in this case, in which it appears that he
was coerced to take a sum less than he was
legitimately entitled to, by such proceedings—
if it is made clearly to appear, and I do not
understand that there is any dispute about the
facts here, but without having looked into it
I take the statement of the committee and the
statement of the Court of Claims, which is not
controverted, as establishing the fact—that if
there had been no commission in St. Louis
examining this matter at all it would be a
clear case where the party would be entitled
to this sum.
Mr. CONKLING. As the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] I believe is going
to say a word about this, I would like to make
an inquiry of him or some other Senator. I
have been informed, and it seemed to me a
very important fact, that the record of the
Court of Claims, or rather the finding of the
Court of Claims, put this claimant in the atti-
tude of having consented to submit his ac-
count to this tribunal, and that although the
Supreme Court was satisfied, in looking into
the record as matter of fact, that that finding
was erroneous, they refused to send the case
back for that reason, and refused a motion for
a new trial on that ground, feeling themselves
constrained by the finditjg of the Court of
Claims to the effect that he did submit his
case. In other words, that I may be under-
stood, the fact, as I am informed, is that the
claimant did not submit his case to this com-
mission. Tbe fact is that it did not so appear
in the Court of Claims, but that by some inad-
vertance or casualty the finding of the Court
Of Claims assumed that he had voluntarily
consented to what has been denominated this
"arbitration." If 1 be right in that, it seems
to me that the decision of the Supreme Court
must rest, as I understand the Senator from
Iowa to intimate he understands it, upon the
ground that, having nccepted the money and
given a receipt, that cut him off—that it was in
the nature of accord and satisfaction. The
Senator from Iowa nods. I understand him
to concur in the statement I have made. He
thinks the decision of the Supreme Court
must rest on the ground that this was accord
and satisfaction; that he discharged the debt
by giving the receipt. That relieves the case,
then, in some measure, from the necessity
of exploring whether this was submitted to
arbitration. I agree that it would be a very
extraordinary submission.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to add one ques-
tion. How comes it there is such a difference
in the estimates of the amount to which this
man is entitled—$112,000 by this bill—while
our committee report but $89,000? What
causes so great a difference in the estimates
of the amount due, supposing something to be
due him?
Mr. SCOTT. I will answer the Senator.
When the case was before the Conrt of Claims
they took up the case in two aspects : one upon
the quantum meruit, and the other upon the
contract; and considering the case as apart
from tbe contract, looking simply at the evi-
dence, fixing the value of material and work
without considering the circumstances under
which it was done, they arrived at the conclu-
sion that if they were to give him the amount
due him upon the quantum meruit, it would
be $39,000, but if compensated according to
the contract it would be $112,000, and with
the whole case before them they entered a
judgment for $112,000.
Mr. THURMAN. Then the amount of dif-
ference between $112,000, and $39,000 is
profit?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is it, exactly?
Mr. SCOTT. It would be profit if the
$39,000 represented the actual cost; but per-
mit me to say that, in the exigency existing at
that time, instead of paying ordinary wages to
men, he had to pay much more; he had to
employ his men and so on, and work day and
night and Sunday.
Mr. THURMAN. Did they not consider
that, in estimating the quantum meruit ?
Mr. SCOTT. No, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. Why, that is the very
principle that lies at the bottom of the quan-
/i)/M| AM/4 /
Mr. SCOTT. The evidence before the
Court of Claims was the same which had been
given before the commissioners, without cross
examination. I have myself gone into the case
somewhat, and have made a calculation from
which I am satisfied that this quantum meruit
was upon the testimony taken before the St.
Louis commission, and not upon the whole of
the testimony that has been taken in this case.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, as I
desire to do what is right about ihis matter, I
should like to understand it. If I understand
it correctly, a contract was proposed to Mr.
Adams to build some boats. That contract
never was executed, but he went on and built
tbe boats and the Government took them
and used them—turned them over finally to
one of the Departments. Of course the Gov-
ernment must pay for them. Nobody denies
that; but if there never was any contract made
at all, then all he can claim is to be paid upon
tbe quantum, meruit, not simply what they cost
him, but the cost and a reasonable profit.
That is what I understand to be the quantum
meruit—not simply bare actual co t. But here
is a very great difference. I do not know
what the whole of the contract price of these
boats was.
Mr. SCOTT. It was a large contract, the
whole of it amounting to $813,000, I believe.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Three hundred and
forty-seven thousand four hundred dollars.
