1366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
both the United States Government itself and
its citizens suffered by her neglect of her
neutral obligations.
Now, the case presented by our Govern-
ment for the recovery of these very Alabama
claims, of which the book of three hundred
a.nd forty 'pages which I hold in my hand is a
copy, is "devoted, from page 100 to page 305,
to the duties which a neutral owes to belliger-
ents, and to the failure of Great Britain to
perform her duties as a neutral. And never
throughout our ease is it suggested that she
was a belligerent, or stood in the attitude of
accessory to or security for the confederacy.
From the beginning the charge against Great
Britain is: you, a neutral, neglected your
duties as a neutral, by reason of which^ out-
Government and our citizens have suffered
dapiages, for which we complain. Had she
been a belligerent enemy intercourse with her
would have been suspended ; the whole past
international history of the .two countries
would have been different. But even if Great
Britain had been a surety for the confederacy,
then when peace was made, and the rebels
were received back, our claims against Great
Britain would have been ended. Having dis-
charged the principal, we could not hold the
accessory or surety. But from the beginning
it was asserted, and the treaty of Washington
was itself made upon the grounds, that Great
Britain bad been not ail enemy, not a hostile
Power, accessory to the rebellion, but a neu-
tral, remiss in her duties as a neutral.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Bu!rw] has pointed out that the treaty of
Washington differs from preceding treaties iu
making no provision for the claims of private
citizens, but provides, on the contrary, for a
gross amount to be paid to the Government
of the United States. And because preceding
treaties, which did provide for private citizens,
had been rejected, he argues that it was the
intention of our Government by this treaty to
make no provision for the claims of private
citizens. I admit, sir, that the Johnson-
Stanley and the Johnson-Clarendon treaties
did provide specifically for the claims of
private citizens; but those treaties made no
provision for our public or national claims.
And those treaties were rejected, as gentle-
men who recollect Mr. Summer's great speech
on the subject in tlie Senate will remember not
because they provided for private injuries, for
we were claiming redress for such injuries
from the beginning, but because beyond that
they failed to make provision for national in-
juries also.
Mr. Speaker, if you will look at the treaty
of Washington itself you will see that article
twelve, which referred the claims of private
individuals to a mixed commission, referred
to the mixed commission all the claims of
private citizens, except the claims for the
injuries done by the Alabama and other
cruisers from British ports, and those claims
it referred to the tribunal at Geneva. So
that the treaty of Washington, so far from
excluding claims for private injuries from the
Geneva arbitration, does itself, by referring to
the mixed commission ail private claims
except the Alabama claims, and by referring
all Alabama claims to that arbitration, refer
to the Geneva tribunal as well the Alabama
claims for piivate as for national injuries.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butusk] insists he Ends in the amount of the
award evidence that the sum awarded was*
awarded not for private claims ; but as a gross
sum for international injuries; and the com-
mittee iu their report seek to fortify this as-
sumption 011 the ground that the amount
awarded corresponds nearly with what Mr.
Cobden iu 1804 stated to be the amount of
all our injuries, private and national. But
such a coincidence, it' it existed, would have
no weight against the whole history of the
award. And it does not exist, for the tribunal
embraced interest in their award, and the sum
Mr. Cobden named would, with interest, now
amount to more than $20,000,000.
I find, however, in the amount awarded evi-
dence that it was given exactly for private
injuries. And in this amount I include the
loss by the United States of certain vessels of
its own. Indeed, 011 this question nothing can
be more significant than the amount of the
award taken in connection with the protocols
of the conference. What are the facts about
the action of the tribunal in this respect?
First, that the arbitrators rejected the " indi-
rect claims," as they were called; that is to
say, they rejected the claims on account of the
transfer of United States vessels to the Brit-
ish flag, the claims on account of war pre-
miums, and the claims on account of the
prolongation and cost of the war. And our
Government expressed its approval of that
rejection.
The indirect claims having been rejected
from consideration, the tribunal afterward
proceeded to consider other questions, among
them the question what cruisers Great Britain
was liable for, the question of" prospective
profits, the question of the expenses of pursuit
of enemy's cruisers, the question of gross
freights, and the like. Day by day the arbi-
trators struck out from consideration all these
subjects, until finally, when their deliberations
had nearly reached their termination, there
were left to be considered only the claims for
vessels burned and captured, for property
taken and destroyed, and freights and wages
earned upon American vessels, whose names
were known and embraced in the lists and
proofs before the tribunal, destroyed by the
Alabama, the Florida and her tenders, and the
Shenandoah, after February 18, 1865.
Having excluded the injuries by the Retri-
bution and eleven other cruisers, and all the
other matters I have mentioned, the tribunal
resolved that it would, on the 30th and 31st of
August, 1872, consider what sum of money
should be awarded as a valuation for the de-
stroyed vessels and the interest to be awarded
on that score, and to that end the represent-
ative from Switzerland, Mr. Staempfli, was
requested to present an estimate of these values
he had prepared. He accordingly, on the 2d
of September, presented the estimate con-
tained in the twenty-ninth protocol, in which
he states the 'Value of the destroyed ships and
cargoes, which the tribunal had decided to
allow, as those values were estimated by the
United States, and the value of the same goods
and cargoes as estimated by the British board
of trade, which had made a valuation of its
own of them. He also stated the mean val-
uation between these two estimates, and pro-
posed that this mean valuation should be
allowed as a round sum with interest. At
that same meeting Sir Alexander Cockburn
said, in effect: "In your estimate of the
value of the American losses, you have in-
cluded items for loss, such as gross freights,
that we have disallowed and he pointed out
corrections to the amount of $3,635,819 in
the form of double losses, gross freights, and
the like, which made the corrected mean val-
uation of the losses allowed for by the tribunal
110,121,044.
Now, we know as a matter of fact that the
tribunal awarded interest, for the award itself
so declares, and we know that the interest
lowed was six per cent. The gentleman from
Massachusetts says he so understands it; but
it is not only generally so understood, it is a
matter of record, for Sir Alexander Cockburn,
in his dissenting opinion, if I may so call it,
which I have before me, bases his dissent in
part upon the fact that interest was allowed at
the rate of six per cent. His language is :
41 The claim for interest should be as a matter of
equity disallowed; and I cannot concur in the rate
ot six per cent, adopted by the tribunal."
If now we take this mean valuation ; that is,
the mean between the valuation asserted by
our affidavits and the valuation estimated by
Great Britain for vessels and cargoes destroyed
by the three confederate cruisers named and
allowed for by the tribunal; if we take this mean
valuation of $10,121,044, and add interest
thereto for the period allowed by the tribunal,
eight years eight months and a half, at six
per cent., the rate fixed by the tribunal, we
have as the amount found due to the United
States, $15,409,289 69, or, in round numbers,
$15,500,000, the amount awarded. So that
the assumption by the committee that the
individual claim considered by the tribunal
amounted to only $7,498j669 72, and "that,
therefore, by no possible calculation of claims
allowed and of interest could the tribunal
have awarded the sum they did," is not only
not warranted, but on the contrary, from the
figures of the award itself and from the pro-
ceedings of the conference, it is clear beyond
contradiction that the amount awarded was the
mean between the valuation by our Govern-
ment and the valuation by Great Britain of
certain known vessels and cargoes destroyed
by the three cruisers named.
Thus, every one of the claims allowed by
the tribunal is a private claim, including cer-
tain small claims by the United States for its
own vessels captured; the claim of the owner
of the vessel destroyed, for the vessel or for
freight earned, or for stores and supplies on
board, or the claim'of the owner of goods on
board the vessel, or the claim of an insurer
for loss paid upon the vessel or cargo. The
ultimate result of the treaty of Washington is,
therefore, exactly what would have been the
result of the Clarendon and the Stanley
treaties, which were rejected ; that is, that we
recover for the private injuries of our citizens
and no more, except that we have obtained the
determination of au international tribunal that
in case of war a neutral is not responsible
for causing what has been called the indirect
Our Government, from month to month,
beginning the first of the war and coming
down to the revised list of 1872. presented
these private claims of its citizens for losses by
these cruisers. Great Britain at first declined
to receive them. Still we kept sending them ;
and at last they were made the basis, among
other claims arising out of the war, for enter-
ing into this treaty. Then, when they had gone
into this treaty, when they had been presented
to the tribunal, we had messages on the sub-
ject from the President of the United States
himself. In those messages, as well as in the
circulars from the State Department forward-
ing these claims, constant reference wa3 made
to the claims of private citizens, to the claims
of the insurance companies, as well as to the
claims of own&rs of vessels and cargoes. Then
all these claims for losses, private and national,
were submitted to the tribunal. A list of these
claims was submitted to Congress in 1869, by
the Secretary of State, accompanied by a com-
munication, in which he said:
" It has been the design when practicable to re-
duce the amounts of the claims of the owners of
property destroyed by the amounts of insurance paid
them by underwriters, who have also filed claims for
the payment of the same property."
In December, 1870, the President of the
United States sent a message to Congress, an
extract from which 1 send to the Clerk's desk
to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
"I regret to say that no conclusion has been
reached for the adjustment of the claims against
Great Britain growing out of the course adopted by
that Government during the rebellion. The cabinet
of London, so far as its views have been expressed,
does not appear to be willing to concede that her
Majesty's Government was guilty of any negligence,
ordid or permitted any act during the war by which
the United States has just cause of complaint. Our
firm and unalterable convictions are directly the
reverse. I therefore recommend to Congress to
authorize the appointment of a commission to take
proof of the amount and ownership of these several
claims on notice to the representatives of her Majesty
