402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
Mr. THURMAN. And this is a balance
claimed on that contract ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is it.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, sir, if they have
not already done it, I should suppose that any
court would, in allowing a quantum meruit,
allow hiui his fair profit. It would be but
right to give him a fair profit; but if they have
allowed it in the quantum meruit, I see no
claim that he can have beyond the $39,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senate was so busy
when I was undertaking to explain this matter
before, that perhaps they will pardon me for
briefly replying to my honorable friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
As he says, this is not the only case of the
kind. Under this very head of contracts that
took place out there under Fremont, and which
this board of commissioners, consisting of
Judge Davis, Judge Holt, and Mr. Campbell,
went over, there are millions of dollars in-
volved, and I think you will find, particularly
if you do not hold people to this matter of
taking a certain sum in composition, that these
commissioners reduced every claim they passed
upon, reduced them enormously, because it
turned out that General McKinstry, who was
the quartermaster, who undertook to make
this contract and made all the others, was a
person who could not be trusted to represent
the Government, and was dishonorably dis-
missed from the service of the United States
on account of the frauds he suffered to be
perpetrated while in charge there. Now, if
you open this matter to this man, as the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois says, you cannot
retry this case and not retry others where par-
ties ask to be heard. You cannot say "yes"
to Mr. Adams, and " no" to Mr. Smith.
You must go through and hear Mr. Smith
and try his case over again on the original
merit of it; but where are the witnesses of the
United States now? Where are those who
were present and saw the transactions which
are to be investigated? How are you to get at
the truth after this lapse of time, except as
shown by the prima fade case of the claimant
himself in his papers and accounts? How can
you show what was a fair price at that time,
what was honest and what was due? The ob-
ject of all limitations, and one of the chief
objects of courts, is to have matters determ-
ined at a time when you can get at the real
truth in relation to them. McKinstry made
this contract, or it was drawn up to be exe-
cuted. Before it was executed McKinstry
was withdrawn from that position and finally
dismissed dishonorably, and Mr. Allen, then
a captain I believe, now General Allen of the
quartermaster's office, was sent over and took
charge as quartermaster. These contracts
were submitted to Mr. Allen to be by him exe-
cuted with this gentleman. What did Mr.
Allen do ? He declined to sign them. He
would not connect himself with any of the
contracts McKinstry had made; he would
take no steps to bind himself or the Govern-
ment to carry out anything McKinstry bad
agreed should be done. But he did suffer this
gentleman to go on and build the boats and
took them. Therefore the United States was
bound to pay this gentleman, not what the
contract McKinstry had been about to make
bat did not complete said he should have, but
what was fair and right, considering the work
done and the reasonable profit, as the Senator
says, which he ought to have.
What happened then? My honorable friend
says he was coerced into an arbitration, hav-
ing confessedly a claim of $313,000, of which
he has got all but $112,000. But that is not
the case. The United States denied that the
claim was just. They said he was only enti-
tled to have what the property was fairly worth.
They said it was not worth what the contract
with McKinstry said he should have ; and he
says so himself in substance in his own letter
to these very commissioners that I read you a
little while ago, if what this gentleman says
himself is of any consequence—perhaps it is
not—as to the justice of this claim. I now
read from the report. In that letter he states
the history of his communication with the
Navy Department and with General Meigs on
the subject, and now I quote. He closes the
letter by saying:
'' When this contract was made I supposed I would
have to pay much higher for materials and labor
than I have, and therefore the job has been more
profitable in figures than I expected."
So that you will perceive, Mr. President,
that according to the contract that McKinstry
agreed to execute, and which, when he was
dismissed, his successor refused to execute,
finishing the work, as Mr. Adams says, on the
terms of that contract, it would have been
more profitable than he expected it would be
when he entertained it ; in other words, he
would have received a much larger sum of
money still; and that is just what was the
matter with all these fraudulent contracts
there. I do not say this was ; I do not know
anything about it; but the very reason why
the whole thing was blown up and that man
dismissed and an honest man put in his place
was the fact that every one of those contracts
made by McKinstry, if carried out, would have
been more profitable than even the man ex-
pected when he entered into it.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Vermont
states a fact which my research fails to inform
me of, and if it is so I should be glad to know
it. He states that Quartermaster Allen re-
fused to execute the contract. Is there a pos-
itive refusal contained in any *>f the statements
the Senator has read, or does he simply state
it from the fact that contracts were made
bv the quartermaster'8 department and not
executed ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot tell my honor-
able friend at this precise moment. I do not
think I have the paper before me in which it
appears ; but I will say that I am very much
mistaken indeed if I have not seen, either
in the evidence of the case before the Court
of Claims or in the statement that Mr. Adams
himself has furnished I believe to all Sena-
tors, giving a history of the case—I rather
think it must be in the judgment of the Court
of Claims in the Court of Claims report; I
am not sure; but I feel at liberty to say, and
ruu a risk of doing everybody an injustice by
saying that in reading the papers about this
case, I have seen a definite statement precisely
as I have stated it, that these contracts were
drawn up to be signed by McKinstry ; he was
recalled er dismissed, or put out of the way,
and Mr. Allen came in his place ; they were
carried to Mr. Allen "to be signed by him, and
Mr. Allen refused to sign those contracts.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator will permit me
to say that I think he has obtained a wrong im-
pression upon that fact, for there is a statement
in the evidence by Quartermaster Allen, ad-
dressed to Mr. Adams, stating his entire satis-
faction with his performance of the whole con-
tract. There is no allegation of anything
wrong in the contract.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That has nothing to do
with the question I am speaking about now.
When Mr. Allen afterward wrote a letter to
this man, if he did so, saying he was entirely
satisfied with what he had done, I do not
know but that he was entirely right; the boats
were useful to us; but that is not the point.
They ought to be paid for; but that is not the
point. The question is whether they have
been fairly paid for, or whether the circum-
stances of the case are such that we have no
choice consistently with fair means of legisla-
tion but to overhaul it. That is the point.
What I say is, that the case somewhere, as it
appears in these papers, or as stated by Mr.
Adams himself, does say that in the time of it,
when Allen appeared upon the scene, theje
contracts drawn out as they had been by
McKinstry, but not signed by him, were laid
before Allen to be signed, and he declined to
have anything to do with the signing of any
papers agreed upon by his predecessor—and
well he might. The very reason of the change
was th#t there was a suspicion, which turned
out in general—I do not say as to this man, I
have no right to say it—but there was a well-
founded suspicion that McKinstry had been
confederating with contractors there to defraud
the Government. Therefore Mr. Allen as a
wise man, without undertaking to condemn this
particular contract, or express any opinion as
to its validity or justice in the time of it,
merely says, "I will not sign this contract;
go ahead and build your boats, and we will
pay for them."
Then what took place next? The money
must be got. These claimants were clamor-
ous. There was a great suspicion of fraud
and wrong in the whole operation, and, as I
say and as the Senator from Illinois said, this
is only one drop in the bucket. This is only
the advance guard of an army of claims of
this character that will come forward to be
overhauled. The Government appointed a
commission. Gentlemen have said they had
no authority to appoint it. The Supreme
Court have said that the Secretary of War was
exercising a rightful authority in appointing
this commission. They say it is true that no
claimant was bound to go beforefit; nobody
was obliged to submit to its jurisdiction; they
could go to the Court of Claims or to Con-
gress, or do what they liked ; but if they did
choose to accept that speedy way of getting a
settlement, they ought to stand by it. That is
what the Supreme Court say, and on that point
I will read a little of the views of Judge Nel-
son and the whole body of the Supreme Court,
for the opinion was unanimous. They are so
different from the Senator from Illinois on the
subject of the fairness of this arbitration, if
you call it that, (for we do not generally mind
much about names,) I should like to read
what they did say, as we have heard so much
about coercion :
" We agree that this board possessed no authority,
nor would the Secretary, if he had appeared in per-
son, have possessed an/, to compel a hearing and
adjustment of the claims, nor did they hold them-
selves out as possessing any such authority. The
board were constituted for the simple purpose of
affording to such claimants as might desire a tri-
bunal to speedily hear and decide upon theirclaims,
without the delay and expense of resorting to those
which the law had recognized or provided. It was
to relieve them from the hardship resulting from
the suspension of the payment, as far as was in the
power of the Secretary; a-suspension which he had
felt compelled to order, under the circumstances,
from a sense of duty to Government. We cannot,
therefore, appreciate the force of the argument that
has been urged on behalf of these claimants "—
And it is precisely the same one that the
Senator from Illinois has urged here—
"that the facility thus furnished by the board to
hear and pass upon their claims in some way oper-
erated compulsorily, to submit them for investiga-
tion ; not legally, but morally: and that their
necessities compelled them to seek this early oppor-
tunity to have them heard and adjusted. This we
think a misapprehension. It was not so much the
presence of this board that compelled the submis-
sion, if any compulsion existed, but the certainty,
if the opportunity was not accepted, they would be
obliged to encounter the delay and expense of an
application to Congress or the Court of Claims.
The constitution of the board presented simply a
choice of tribunals to hear these claims. It was
their preference for the tribunal sitting in their
midst, and the high character of its members, that
controlled the choice. This tribunal also afforded
an additional advantage over the others, namely,
that if after the hearing and adjustment of the
claims the claimants were not satisfied, they were
free to dissent and look for redress to the only legal
tribunals provided in such cases."
Then they go on to say :
" The bar to any further legal demand against the
Government does not rest upon this acquittances
but upon the voluntary submission of the claims to
the board; the hearing, and final decision thereon i
the receipt of the vouchers containing the sum oi
amount found due to the claimant; and the accept-
ance of the payment of that amount, under the act
of Congress providing therefor."
They go on to say further:
" The Government having suspended all payment
upon the contracts upon allegations of frauds ana
