1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
irregularities until an inquiry could be had in respect
to them, appointed this board as a favor to its cred-
itors, to enable those who might desire it to have an
immediate investigation. It was an aet of kindness
to them. They were left free, however, to present or
withholdtheirclaims. But wefind nothingin the con-
stitution of the board, or in its proceedings. orin the
proceedings on the part of the Government, indicat-
ing expressly or by implication that when the investi-
gation was thus voluntarily submitted to, amount ad-
justed, and the acccptance of payment by the claim-
ant the proceeding was not to be final. It could
hardly have been supposed or believed by the claim-
ants themselves that the Government would have
gone to the expense of furnishing them a tribunal
in their midst for this investigation, and subject it-
self also to the expense of carrying it on in the cases
submitted to its cognizance, as a matterof mere pre-
liminary inquiry to adjust parts or portions of a con-
tract, and make advances thereon, leaving the resi-
due for further litigation before Congress or the
Court of Claims. This is not the course of litigation
between private parties; they are not allowed to
split up an entire contract or demand into several
parts; ind we are not aware of any reason for an
exception to the rule in a proceeding against the
Government. We cannot think that a further hear-
ing before any other tribunal of the same matters
was within the contemplation of either party."
That is what the Supreme Court say ; and
when the claimant comes to the circuit court
after he has got all the money he could from
this tribunal, what happens then? He pre-
sents his own case with able counsel, and this
point of getting rid of that submission or pro-
ceeding—I will not use any term that will excite
anybody's criticism—the idea of getting rid of
it on the notion that he was not a party to it
never occurred to him or his counsel. They
stood on the ground that they had a right to
overrule the decision of that tribunal alto-
gether, and when he found he had got beaten
on one ground, which 1 have just read in the
decision of the Supreme Court, he turned
around and said, " My case, which was tried in
the Court of Claims and the Supreme Court
j last year, proceeded upon a mistake; I did
not submit my case to the decision of that
tribunal."
What did the truth turn out to be ? It
turned out to be literally true, as the Supreme
Court say, emphasizing the Words themselves,
that he did not submit it in a literal sense;
that is to gay, he did not take his papers per-
sonally and go to St. Louis, and go into the
presence of the board and lay down his papers
and say, "There, decide my case." What
did he do? He was urging General Meigs to
have this thing determined as the report says.
General Meigs sent the papers with the other
Eapers to that tribunal. This man was in St.
iouis at the time, and knew of it. What did
he do then ? He testified before that tribunal
in relation to other matters. He was person-
ally there and addressed that tribunal in his
own behalf on the very claim he asked them
to decide, and asked them todecide it promptly
and liberally; and yet he turns around after
he haa been beaten on the main point and
asks the court to reconsider and put it on some
other ground, because he did not carry the
papers to St. Louis to lay before the board ;
and that is the worst look this case has, as it
respects mere fairness and honorable dealing,
about it. It was a mere trick, and the court
treated it as they ought when they said they
could not reopen it upon that ground because,
in substance, he had done the very thing that,
literally, he did not do. That is what this
case is.
As I said before, if you are to relieve this
man by opening the judgment of a court against
him, by opening his own receipt upon a dis-
puted claim to take that in full, as a matter of
equity and favor, why should you hold the
United States to the letter of a contract that
was never signed, never executed, and give
him large profits, more than the fair amount
of work was worth. That is what this confer-
ence report proposes to do. I do not desire
to occupy the time of the Senate any further
upon it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I had read the
two opinions of the Supreme Court in. this
case before this argument commenced. I un-
derstand the position of the case to be this ;
the House of Representatives have voted this
claimant $112,000; the Senate have voted
him $39,000; the committee of conference
on the part of the Senate have receded from
the position of the Senate, and the question is
whether we will concur in that report and vote
the claimant $112,000. That is the precise
question, and the pertinent remark to which I
wanted to call attention was that made by the
Senator from Iowa and the Senator from
Pennsylvania, that if this claimant was entitled
to $39,000 he was entitled to $112,000. That
is the insistment made here. I do not un-
derstand that to be so. Our Committee on
Claims report that he is entitled to $39,000.
This claimant was undoubtedly estopped from
presenting any claim by receiving the $95,000,
and the Supreme Court have twice so held.
There is no doubt about that. He asks us to
relieve him from that estoppel. There may
be great objections to relieving him at all. In
the first place, it is a very bad principle for this
Government to adopt to say th*at a man may
come and agree to take $95,000 and then
afterward present a claim for $112,000, for
the probability is that if he had claimed the
$200,000 the claim would not have been
allowed. This getting as much as you can in
your pocket and then making the venture to
see if you cannot get more afterward is not
the way to deal with the Government. It cer-
tainly is not a way that the Government
should encourage.
Again, we might very properly decline to
relieve him from that estoppel because our
witnesses are gone, as has been stated. But
supposing we do relieve him ; supposing we
say, "Although there are great objections to
this thing, so as to be sure not to injure a citi-
zen we will open this case" is there any ob-
ligation on us as to the Rmount, or how far
we will open it? Are we bound to do any-
thing more than to fully reimburse him? That
is a subject entirely within our own discretion.
The Government does not stand in the posi-
tion that it would if this payment had not
been made, and if all these circumstances had
not occurred. Then we could have had our
witnesses, and we could have ascertained the
sum. But under all the circumstances the
Senate did vote, as I understand, that they
would give him enough in addition to fully
reimburse him. I do not think it is correct
to say that if he is entitled to $39,000 he
necessarily is entitled to the full amount of the
contract. That is relieving hitn from all
technicalities and holding the Government
strictly to technicalities.
Mr. BOREMAN. Having been a member
of the committee who reported on this claim
originally, and also a member of the conference
committee that agreed to this report, I think it
well to say a word in regard to it, although I
have not looked , into the case since the last
session of this body, and therefore my memory
is not very accurate as to dates and precise
sums, but substantially I think I can recall
what is in the claim.
I am one of those who from the very begin-
ning was in favor of allowing $112,000 to this
claimant. What are the facts? After an
understanding with the Quartermaster Gen-
eral, and I believe some sort of an under-
standing with the Secretary of War, the gen-
eral commanding at St. Louis entered into
a contract with Mr. Adams to build thirty-
eight mortar-boats and eight tug-boats at
specific prices. I say "entered into a con-
tract," or what amounted to a contract. It
seems to me it is carrying technicality very
far to say that there was no contract here.
Here was a paper drawn up by the officer of
the Government, under a tacit understanding
from Washington, and under instructions from
his commanding general, signed by this gen-
tleman, Mr. Adams, in the presence of the
officer of the Government, with an under-
standing that that officer was to put his name
to the contract. The paper was left with that
officer, and it was supposed, no doubt, by Mr.
Adams, that it was signed. He proceeded
forthwith, away from his home hundreds of
miles, among strangers, in the midst of war,
to execute that contract, purchased his timber,
hired his hands among strangers, and went to
work under the eye of all these officers and
peformed his portion of that contract without
objection from anybody.
Now, whether it was technically a contract
or not, I submit the question whether he had
not a right to consider that the contract was
signed by the officer of the Government. He
knew nothing to the contrary ; he was not
aware, so far as the facts in this case show,
that the paper was not signed by the Quarter-
master. So far as he knew it was signed ; he
was bound by it, and he proceeded to execute
it literally. He built every boat of both kinds
according to the specifications of the contract.
They were accepted by the officers of the Gov-
ernment ; they were appropriated, used, and
disposed of by the Government during the war.
After all this, a commission called together
by the Secretary of War sat at St. Louis and
took this matter among others into consid-
eration. What they did about other matters
I do not know, and it has nothing to do with
this case what they did in regard to other mat-
ters. The case of Mr. Adams stands upon its
own merits. Neither the Court of Claims nor
the Supreme Court say, as I understand them,
ultimately that he was a party to that transac-
tion. The Supreme Coqrt, in their first con-
sideration of the case, did hold that upon the
finding of the Court of Claims he made him-
self a party by this communication to the com-
mission; but afterward Mr. Adams stating
that that was not a question before the Court
of Claims, asked that the case might be sent
back, in order that that fact might be cor-
rected ; and it seemed to me from the reading,
which I have not looked into very recently,
that it was conceded then that he was not a
party and was not bound in that way. At all
events, the Supreme Court go on the second
time and decide that he was estopped by the
fact that he gave the receipt of which you have
heard so much, and to which it is hardly neces-
sary to refer again, except to repeat that the evi-
dence shows that he signed it under protest, un-
der the circumstances which have been stated.
That, technically, the court say estopped him.
The Senators who have addressed us on this
subject on the other side say that the Supreme
Court considered the substance of this matter.
I do not so understand. They say that in law
on this question he was estopped, but they
never investigated the facts of the case,
whether he was entitled to more' or less. We
understand how the courts decide these ques-
tions. If they can get hold of a question and
put the case out of court, they do that and
stop there without going into the merits ; and
this is one of those cases.
According to my view of this case, substan-
tially this man had a contract with the Gov-
ernment. Are we to stand here and say that
when an officer of the Government makes a
contract and it is understood by the contractor
on the other side that the papers are all reg-
ular and he goes on to execute it, simply be-
cause the officer does not, put his name to it,
therefore the Government is not bound? Sir,
it seems to me that would be the veriest tech-
nicality and the veriest injustice, and we can-
not afford to do that sort of thing. We can-
not afford to put a man out of Congress on a
just claim simply because an officer of the
Government deceived him in failing to execute
the paper.
Mr. MORTON. I will inquire of the Senator,
what was the allowance made by the board?
Mr. BOREMAN. I do not recollect the
precise amount. I think this commission
allowed him $95,000.
Mr. DAVIS. Seventy-five thousand nine
hundred and twenty-nine dollars and twenty
cents.
