1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
James River and Kanawha Canal—Mr. Duke.
Ho. of Reps.
Equal to 13.7 days.
Cost running boat per day $22 00
Cost running boat fourteen
days  308 00
8,250 bushels wheat at 3.73
cents  307 73
250 tons carried 1,625 miles for 308 00=S123 per ton.
(Eaual to 8-10 mill per
ton per mile.)
Add for carrier's profit 100
per cent  1 23
2 46
Interest on $60,000,000  6,000,000 00
Adm'n and repairs  1,000,000 00
$7,000,000 00
J,000,000 tons annually at $1
per ton  1 00
$3 46
Equal to 2.26 mills per ton per mile. Elual to
10} cents per bushel of wheat for 1,525 miles.
The distance from St. Louis to Norfolk by
this route being 1,553 miles, the cost of trans-
porting a bushel of wheat from St. Louis to
Norfolk will be ten and two third cents, and
from Chicago to Norfolk about fifteen cents,
making the average cost about twelve and a
half cents. But suppose the average cost is
twice as much. This would be about twenty-
five and one third cents per bushel, making a
saving of about twelve cents on each bushel
of wheat. We have seen that the surplus of
wheat was in 1870,128,981,772 bushels; a sav-
ing of twelve cents per bushel on this would
give the sum of $15,477,812. The corn crop
of these States amounted to 489,302,811 bush-
els. Now, we may safely say that at least
200,000,000 bushels of corn were surplus. A
saving of ten cents per bushel on this would
give us $20,000,000 saved on corn each year.
The saving on wheat and corn each year would
be $35,477,812, or about two thirds of the
entire cost of the canal. The saving to the
western farmers on all other articles sent from
West to East or returned from Bast to West
would be at least as much as the saving on
the wheat and corn, so that the canal would in
one year save to these farmers in their trans-
portation more than the entire cost of its con-
struction. In view of these facts, it is a ques-
tion of small moment whether or not the canal
should become a paying investment. I do not
pretend to say that all the transportation from
the West will go over this route, but I do be-
lieve that the construction of this grand free
national waterway will cause a greater reduc-
tion of freights than that which I have given.
Let us see now as to another point: one thing
that enhances the cost of transportation on
other routes is the want of return freights.
Bulky articles are brought from the West,and
the articles returned are comparatively light,
so that the return freight does not correspond
with that going East. But such is not the case
on the Virginia route. I see from the papers
that they are now burning corn in Iowa be-
cause it is only worth fifteen or sixteen cents
per bushel. Now, open this route, and the
corn growers all along the upper Mississippi
and its tributaries will ship their surplus of
corn to the Bast where they will receive from
sixty cents to one dollar per bushel, which will
net them from forty to eighty cents per bushel.
The returning boats will load with coal and
Bait from the Kanawha valley, and this coal
and salt will be landed all along the Mississippi
and its tributaries at a greatly reduced cost.
Now let us look at this question from another
point. The five principal railroads leading
from West to East are the Atlantic and Great
Western, the Brie, the New York Central, the
Pennsylvania Central, and the Baltimore and
Ohio. In 1872 these roads transported the fol-
lowing number of tons: Atlantic and Great
Western, 2,143,724 tons; the Erie, 4,852.505
tons; the New York Central,4,122,000 tons;
the Pennsylvania Central, 5,427,401 tons; and
the Baltimore and Ohio, 2,423,119 tons;
making a total 18,968,748 tons.
It cannot be doubted that the freight moved
from West to Bast greatly exceeded that moved
from Bast to West. Let us deduct one half for
freights from East to West and local frieghts,
and there remains 9,484,374 tons of through
freight which was moved from West to East.
What did it cost to move this freight ? Let us take
table .(B) fourth class freights, and we find that
it costs an average of fifty-nine and three
fourth cents per hundred pounds to transport
this freight to New York. That is $11 95 per
ton. The freight on 9,484,374 tons at $11 95
per ton gives $113,812,488 as the cost of
moving this freight from the West to New York.
Now, how would it be by the canal? Accord-
ing to Mr. Lorraine's statement the cost by the
canal from St. Louis to Norfolk would be
$3 46 per ton, and to New York $4 28 per
ton. Say, however, that the average cost by
the canal should he six dollars per ton, there
would be a saving of $5 95 on each ton, which
would give on 9,484,374 tons a saving of
$56,422,026 peryear, asum more than sufficient
to build the canal. In making this last calcu-
lation I have taken no account of the immense
amount of freight which is taken over the Brie
canal by the Grand Trunk railroad in Canada,
and down the Mississippi through the Gulf to
New York. In view of all these facts, are we
not justified in believing that the completion
of this canal will save to the farmers of the
West at least from forty to fifty million dollars
per annum.
OBJECTIONS WHICH MAT BE URGED AGAINST OTHER
ROUTES, AND WHICH DO NOT EXIST ON THIS ROUTE.
I do not propose to undervalue other routes,
for their will be freight enough for all, but
there are some objections which may be urged
against other routes which cannot be urged
against this one. The more northern routes
by the lakes and the Brie canal or Niagara
ship-canal are liable to be closed by ice some
three or four months in the year, just at a time
when the western farmers are busily engaged
in shipping their produce to market. So soon
as this takes place the railroads combine and
put up the price of freight. The following is
taken from the Chicago Tribune of the 30th
ultimo:
" The freight embargo at Chicago.
" The general scarcity of money is the all-pervad-
ing topic of conversation and complaint in com-
mercial circles, as is also its prime cause, the lack
of transportation eastward. Chicago is metaphor-
ically ice-bound landward, as she is literally by
water. With a city full of produce, and plenty more
coming in, and waiting to come in, Chicago is unable
to dispose of. that produce; not because it is not
wanted, but because there is no one to take it away
half so fast as required, oven at exorbitant freight
rates. Our transportation facilities have been ex-
tended again and again to a point where they seem
to have collapsed; and the chief satisfaction our
merchants now have is in seeing the produce of the
West go round them freely on its way East. Our
freight agents cannot spare ears for Chicago produce
to New England at seventy cents per hundred
pounds; but they can prorate on fifty-five cents from
St. Louis to the same points ' because they have
contracted to do it, and their word must not be
broken/
" It is currently reported that orders sent to com-
mission men here, and not filled because of repeated
refusals to furnish cars on certain lines, have been
sent into the country west of us, and the property
forwarded two days thereafter, while the commis-
sion man in Chicago had grain here on which lie
had paid storage for six weeks after the time he
asked the favor of having it removed from the city.
There are gentlemen on 'Change who say they know
whereof they affirm, when they charge that this state
of things is the result of interested favoritism, parties
who are transportation officers being at the same
time members of firms whose ostensible business is
that of forwarding grain."
Now the James River and Kanawha canal
is not closed by ice on an average more than
thirteen days per year, so that there could
be no such ice embargo as is referred to by
the Tribune. Grain and flour could be sent
by rail to St. Louis, or to Cairo, or to some
other points on the Ohio, or Mississippi, and
thence sent by canal to Norfolk and to New
York, at a cost of some six or seven dollars
per ton, instead of fourteen dollars per ton.
_ Now, as to the Mississippi route, the objec-
tions are that produce shipped in bulk by this
route is liable to undergo a sweating, souring,
and _ heating process from the warmth and
humidity of the climate of the Gulf, which is
estimated at from five to twenty-five per cent,
on the value of the produce. In addition to
this, the navigation of the Mississippi is dan-
gerous from snags and other casualties, and
that of the Gulf of Mexico is subject to the
sudden storms and hurricanes incident to the
West India climate. In his speech at Memphis
in 1845, Mr. Calhoun said on this subject:
# " With all the advantages possessed by the coast-
ing trade between the Gulf and Atlantic, be it ever
so well secured against interruption, there is one
great objection to which it is liable. The peninsula
of iuorida proj ects far south, which makes tho voy-
age from New Orleans and the other ports of tho
Gulf to the southern Atlantic cities not only long
and tedious, but liable to frequent and great acci-
dents in its navigation. A voyage from this place,
for instanoe, to Charleston would be a distance of
certainly not less than twenty-five hundred miles,
and is subjeot to as great losses as any voyage of
equal extent in any part of the world."
It is a fact that because of these dangers,
and other difficulties and charges incident to
this route, much cotton is now shipped to New
York by railroad from as far down the Mis-
sissippi as Memphis. Should the Virginia
route be opened, much of the cotton which
now goes down the Mississippi and around the
Florida capes to Europe and to New York,
will come up the Mississippi and Ohio, and
through the canal to Norfolk, from whence it
will be distributed to New York and Europe ;
and returning cargoes will pass back down the
Mississippi by the same route. In the calcu-
lations which I have made no account is taken
of this possible, nay probable, trade.
Finally there is one objection, which is com-
mon to the Lake and the Mississippi route,
which is that they both pass outside of the
limits of the United States, while the Vir-
ginia route runs all the way through the heart
of our own country. In the event of a war
with Spain, which is certainly a possibility, in
view of the present condition of affairs in
Cuba, the route through the Gulf and around
the capes of Florida would be rendered almost
useless by the privateers which would swarm
along the coast of Cuba. In the event of a
war with England navigation through the lakes
would cease. I have heard gentlemen say
that in the event, of a war with England we
would take Canada in a few weeks, and thus
keep open the lakes; but is this so certain?
In the late war you were going to take Rich-
mond in sixty days without grace; yet it took
four years.
Now, in the event of a war with England, I
should like to know what is to prevent her
from sending ten or twelve first class iron-clads
across the ocean, up the St. Lawrence, through
her canal, around Niagara, and into the lakes
almost by the time an official notification of
the declaration of war could cross the Atlantic.
I should like the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs to inform the House what
force have we on the lakes to meet these iron-
clads. With the lakes held by the enemy, or
with their possession disputed, the taking of
Canada would be attended with a good deal
of difficulty. These suggestions may bo the
result of mere idle fears, but until the '' uni-
versal peace congress ?? shall succeed in eradi-
cating from the hearts of all of us that love
for "the pride, pomp, and circumstance of
glorious war'' which has always existed, and
until these same gentry shall be enabled to
remove from the minds of all peoples that
belief in national honor and glory which has
heretofore possessed them, we must expect to
hear of "wars and rumors of wars," and we
should be prepared for every emergency.
