406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
i'or, as I said before, a bill can be put through,
and I have 110 doubt will be passed by the
time ihat the committee can obtain the ser-
vices of the proper persons to go. That can
bf done: but even if that were pot done, if
such a bill should fail, I have not the least
doubt that these commissioners could by using
persons who are authorized, the officers of the
country where they go, notaries public, judges
or justices of the peace, procure all the testi-
mony necessary for us without any compulsory
power whatever.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, to strike out the last clause of the reso-
lution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have it
read.
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed
to be stricken out, as follows :
And that the persons employed by them to take
testimony be clothed in taking the same with the
same authority possessed by the committee in the
premises.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That applies simply to
the taking of testimony, and may not include
the power to administer oaths. I think, my-
self, it is very questionable whether the Senate
could give the power to any commission to
administer oaths; but I am not prepared to
acquiesce in the statement of the Senator
from Ohio, that it is not in the power of the
Senate, through persons outside of the Senate,
not members of the body, to institute an
inquiry and to give them authority to examine
witnesses and compel the production of
papers. If the Senate were to appoint a com-
mission now, naming them, A, B, and C, not
members of this body, to go and obtain testi-
mony with reference to a matter pending here
in the Senate, and persons were to refuse to
come before them and to testify, I am not pre-
pared to say that it would not be a contempt
of the Senate and that the Senate could not
bring those persons here and punish them for
the contempt. I think it would perhaps be a
contempt of the Senate. The person could
be sworn by an officer authorized to admin-
ister oaths, and the law in reference to perjury
subjects any person who swears falsely in a
matter where an oath may be lawfully admin-
istered to the penalties prescribed for perjury.
If the Senate of the United States have a
right to make an inquiry, and have a witness
sworn, and -he is sworn before the proper
officer, in a matter where an oath may be
properly administered, he is guilty of the
crime of perjury if he swears corruptly and
falsely. So that, while it may be doubtful
and perhaps may be admitted that these com-
missioners may not administer oaths, I am by
no means prepared to admit that the Senate
has not authority to clothe persons other than
members of the body with the power to obtain
information for the use of the body, and in
reference to matters pending here; and I do
not know that this resolution goes any further
than that.
The original resolution authorized the em-
ployment of certain persons to take testimony.
This resolution provides that they shall have
the same power in taking it as the committee
would have. They need not necessarily ad-
minister the oath to the witnesses. They may
be cal'ed before any party in the locality, any
commissioner of the United' States courts, or
judge of a court of the United States, who
may administer the oath, and if the party after
the oath is administered swears corruptly or
falsely, I think there will be no difficulty in
indicting him for the crime of perjury.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. MORTON. As this is to give a con-
struction to the resolution, I ask for the yeas
and nays upon the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire,
as I was out of the Chamber for a few mo-
ments, whether it is claimed that this sub-
committee or these commissioners themselves,
whatever you call them, are authorized them-
selves to administer oaths?
Mr. MORTON. That is not at all import-
ant. The administration of the oath can be per-
formed by any officer competent under State
authority to administer oaths.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But as this resolution
reads it is to confer authority on the com-
missioners to administer oaths.
Mr. MORTON. In general terms it con-
fers on them the authority of the committee.
Mr. CONKLING. In what respect?
Mr. MORTON. It does not say in what
respect—the general authority of the com-
mittee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator from
Indiana maintain that the general authority of
the committee can be delegated, even with the
assent of the Senate, as the statutes now
stand, to somebody else to administer the
oath unless he is an officer appointed by law
for that purpose?
Mr. MORTON. That the Senate can ap-
point directly or through one of its commit-
tees commissioners to take testimony I have
no sort of doubt. If it has not that power, a
power that belongs inherently to every court
of chancery and necessary for the exercise of
its jurisdiction, then this body is limited in
any judicial investigation it may undertake to
make.
As to the mere question of power to admin-
ister oaths, that may depend upon another
principle, because that power must perhaps be
conferred by a law. But I say that is not
material, because any officer authorized by
State law to administer an oath, even a notary
public, will answer the purpose ; but so far as
the other powers are concerned, to take tes-
timony and issue the subpenas of the commit-
tee to bring before them persons for that pur-
pose, it seems to me there ought not to be
any reasonable doubt.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So I say. I have no
doubt at all, as the Senator from Illinois has
said, that this body is perfectly authorized by
its constitution to name three persons who are
not members of the body, or one person, to
do any ministerial thing, such as the collection
of testimony ; and if any person should fail to
obey the requirements of that person, to come
forward and state what he knows, it would be
a contempt of this body. To be sure, a con-
tempt of this body is a contempt of nobody at
all; it does not amount to anything. That
we understand ; but I am merely speaking of
the theory. That is one question.
But whether any member of this body or
anybody else can be authorized by this body to
administer an oath in the legal sense of that
term, which exposes the person who takes it to
the penalties of false swearing if he does not
tell the truth, is quite another question. If I
understand this amendment, it is only to strike
out that part which undertakes to authorize A
B, whom the committee may name, to admin-
ister the oath, the effect of which is to compel
a man to tell the truth and punish him if he
does not. If that is all there is of the amend-
ment, then I shall feel bound to support it,
because I do not think we have that power.
But the other power of requiring everybody to
go before these commissions and state what
they know, not under oath, if they are not
willing to swear, before them, but they may
before somebody else, as the Senator has said,
that is another thing. In voting forthis amend-
ment, however, I do not vote against the power
of the committee or of the Senate to delegate
its authority to take testimony in this way, but
I only vote against the idea that this body can
authorize some person not named in the statute
to administer an oath that will subject the
party swearing falsely to the penalties of per-
jury.
Mr. MORTON. I will say to the Senator
that the amendment is fatal to the whole power.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does it go further than
that?
Mr. MORTON. It goes to the whole power.
It is not limited to the right to administer an
oath. If the Senator will hear the amendment
read, he will see that it is not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read once more.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now let us hear the au-
thority given to the committee by yesterday's
resolution read, and then we shall be able to
understand it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
That for the purpose of speedily executing this
resolution the said committee shall have power to
send i'or persons and papers, to take testimony, and
at their discretion to send a sub-committee of their
own number to either of said States with authority
to take testimony ; and, if the exigency of this ser-
vice demands, the said committee may appoint and
employ suitable disinterested and unprejudiced per-
sons not resident in either of suoh States, with au-
thority to take such testimony as may be material in
determining any pending contest growing out of the
election of electors in either of said States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The original resolution
does not confer the power on the committee
to administer oaths. That is given by a statute
authorizing the chairman of any standing or
select committee, or,-1 think, of any sub-com-
mittee, to administer oaths.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him one moment to offer a
modification of my motion, and then he will
have the whole matter before him ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to strike out the
latter clause of the resolution, and to insert in
lieu of the matter stricken out the following :
And that the persons employed by them to take
testimony may take the same before any officer or
officers of the United States or of a State authorized
to administer oaths.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The latter
clause of the resolution has been stricken out.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I move to add
those words to the resolution as it now stands.
Mr. BOREMAN. I understand that the
Senator from Indiana called for the yeas and
nays on the motion to strike out, as a test ques-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays have not been ordered. They were
asked for but not ordered. No order of the
Senate for the yeas and nays has been taken.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I move to add
these words:
And that the persons employed by them to take
testimony may take the same before any officer or
officers of the Government or of a State authorized
to administer oaths.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not quite like that.
If you take it before a person authorized to
j administer oaths, that would look as if that
person would be the person to decide perhaps
on the testimony to be taken. I have no ob-
jection to the witnesses being sworn by any
person authorized to administer oaths, but it
seems to me this amendment of the Senator
from Ohio contemplates creating some person
the commissioner before whom they go to take
the testimony. If that is to be the case, then
your commissioners that you send out, or per-
sons appointed to do this work, will be mere
attorneys before him.
Mr. THURMAN. There is something in
that objection. I can change the amendment
in a moment and get it so as to suit every-
body.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the Senator
he might say, " to take the testimony of wit-
nesses who shall be sworn before."
Mr. THURMAN. That is what I am going
to do. With the leave of the Senate I will
withdraw the amendment I offered and sub-
stitute one that meets the views of the Senator
from Illinois. I think he is correct. I offer
this as an addition to what now stands in the
resolution:
The witnesses examined by and before the persons
sent by the committee to take testimony may be
sworn by any officer of the United States or of a
State authorized to administer oaths.
