1322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
notify,the President and Vice President-elect
of their election, have, performed that duty.
The President in response said that he. ac-
cepted the ofljpe, and would endeavor in the
future, as in the past, to discharge his official
duties to the best, of his ability. The Vice
President-elect also accepted the position
assigned him by the people of the United
States, and said he would use his utmost en-
deavors to discharge faithfully and fairly his
public duties.
The VICE .PRESIDENT. The report will
be entered ou the Journal.
RESTRICTIVE RULE.
^Ir. LOGAN. I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 1302,
reported from the Committee on Commerce, to
which I think there will be no objection.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I insist on
the regular order.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the Calendar, but I gave notice yesterday
that I should attempt to call up to-day the
resolution which I then offered ; and as that is
necessary to expediting the business, I suppose
there will be no objection to its present con-
sideration.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I do not
olApt to that.
vMr. ANTHONY. I move, then, that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the
resolution 1 offered yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
proceeded to consider the following resolution^
Meiolved, That during the present session it shall
be in ojrder.at any time to move a recess; and,
pending an appropriation bill, to move to confine
debate on amendments thereto to five minutes by
any Senator on the pending motion, and such mo-
tions shall be decided without debate; and 110
amendment to any such bill making legislative pro-
visions, other than such as directly relate to the
appropriations contained in the bill, shall be re-
oeived; ,and no special order shall be made during
this session.
My, VICKERS. I will inquire if that reso-
lution applies to the appropriation bill now
under consideration ? If.itdoea, it would seem
to me to be unjust, because a number of Sen-
ators have had the privilege of offering amend-
ments to the bill, and this rule would cut off
others from the same privilege unless the
pending bill be excluded from the operation
of the rule.
Mr. ANTHONY. I supposed when this
resolution was offered that the naval appropria-
tion bill would be completed yestterday. I
have no objection, if there are amendments to
be offered to the pending appropriation.bill,
inasmuch as some amendments have already
been proposed, that those amendments should
be offered at once before this resolution is
Mr. POMEROY. It ought not to apply to
the pending bill at all.
Mr. ANTHONY. Nor would I particu-
larly object that that provision of the rule
should not apply to the pending appropriation
bill; but I certainly desire the other part of
the rule limiting debate to five minutes to
apply to the bill.
Mr. VICKERS. It was only to that portion
of the rule which relates to amendments to be
offered that I had reference, so that amend-
ment's might be offered to the pending bill. If
it is the understanding of thf Senate that the
rule shall not apply to the pending bill, I do
not know that 1 shall object to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Of course, I cannot
answer for the Senate; but I think it would be
perfectly fair that the part of the rule which
prohibits amendments except of a certain char-
acter should not apply to the naval appropria-
tion bill, because that bill was under considera-
tion when the rule was adopted.
Mr. VICKERS. That is the only portion,
to which I referred.
Mr. ANTHONY. But I shall want the five-
minutes part, to apply.
Mr. VICKERS. I was not alluding to that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Let that be
the general understanding without changing
the phraseology of the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana and the Senator from Rhode
Island on both sides of the Chamber suggest
that if this resolution be adopted it shall not
apply to the prohibition of any amendment to
the pending appropriation bill, the naval appro-
priation bill, which would be in order under
the rules previous to the adoption of this reso-
lution. If there be no objection, that will be
regarded as the> order.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I want to
have some understanding about it before that
agreement is made by common consent. I
object to it for the present. There is to be an
amendment offered to the naval appropriation
bill, or it has been already offered—1 do not
know which—involving a large expenditure
of money and involving the vital principle of
subsidy; and I shall consent to no rule, so far
as I am concerned, giving the credit of the
Government for twelve millions of money in
the establishment of dock-yards by a private
corporation, and if that amendment is to be
proposed to this bill and no debate permitted
upon that, I object to it, so far as I am con-
cerned. That proposition is moved, I under-
stand, or to be moved; it has been ordered to
be printed; at all events I find an amendment
of that kind printed on my desk; and I think
it altogether wrong that a proposition of that
kind, of so much magnitude, should be con-
sidered under a five-minutes rule. If such a
proposition's that can be ruled out of order
as not, pertinent to the bill, I have no objec
tion, and if we can take exceptions to it on
that ground I have no objection. But if it is
to be held pertinent, germane, or ruled in
order to this bill, then 1 think it is altogether
wrong that it should be passed upon with the
consideration of a five-minutes debate given
to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. It was not my sugges-
tion that this pending naval appropriation bill
should be excepted from the operation of the
rule; the objection came from gentlemen on
the other side of the Chamber. It seemed to
me that, inasmuch as the bill was under con-
sideration, and as this resolution was offered
yesterday, and laid over with the expectation
that the naval appropriation bill would be dis-
posed of yesterday, it was fair that it should
be excepted; but I have no desire to have it
excepted. I have no amendment to offer to
the bill that I desire to come under the excep-
tion. I am quite willing that the resolution
should pass as it is, although I think if it
should pass it would be fair that some amend
ments to the naval appropriation bill which
are strictly germane to the Navy should be
admitted by general consent. Of course I can
give no assurance that they would be.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object to
any rule that precludes d'ebate upon any such
proposition as that. If it can be ruled out of
order under the resolution I have no objection ;
otherwise it ought to go over until Monday
next. If these propositions are offered to-day
they should be debated to-day. We may get
through them to-day. But when a proposition
of such great proportions as that intended to
be proposed by the honorable Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Nye] comes up, establishing two
dock-yards to be in common partnership with
•this Government, under corporations made by
States, and we to guaranty the money and they
the work as they please, I think we ought to
have an apportunity of discussing a measure
of such gravity and importance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland objecls to the understanding
proposed by his colleague and by the Senator
from lihode Island ; and the question there-
fore recurs on agreeing to the resolution.
M-r. IHURMAN. Mr. President, unless the
resolution shall be amended so as to prohibit
any amendments to appropriation bills except
appropriations that execute some existing law,
I shall feel bound to,oppose it for the reasons
so well stated by the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Hamilton.] lit would be simply mon-
strous, in my judgment, iwith due respect to
the mover of the resolution, to attempt to con-
fine debate to five ninutes on such measures as
may be moved to an appropriation bill.
Besides, sir, what was the operation of that
rule ? We saw how it was when we tried it be-
fore. The rule limits debate upon any amend-
ment to five minutes ; and we saw again and
again a Senator move to strike out any word
whatsoever, however immaterial in an amend-
ment, in order that he might speak five minutes
on that motion, and then withdraw the motion
at the end of his five minutes. He would move
to strike out the first, or third, or fifth, or las$
word in a sentence, without knowing what that
word was, simply for the purpose of speaking,
because his tongue was tied unless he made
such a motion, and such'motions can be made
again and again and again.
I grant very readily that some limit upon de-
bate is necessary; but I do believe that the
best mode, after all, is to trust to the sense of
duty of the Senate. It has been found suffi-
cient for eighty years, and it will be found suf-
ficient nowi-There is no' Senator here who
wishes an extra session ; there is no Senator
here who wishes to consume time unnecessarily;
and there is no Senator who will consume time
unnecessarily upon an appropriation bill, and
there is no necessity really for, and no saving
of timg\by the adoption of, any such rule as
this. (But. certainly if such a rule is to be
adopted; if we are to have a previous question
in the Senate—for it almost comes to that—-we
ought to have a rule which should be strictly
observed and rigidly enforced, that shall pre-
vent any amendment to an appropriation bill
asking an appropriation of money ^hich is not
in execution of some existing law^>
I hope the Senator from Rhode Island will
allow this resolution to go over for the present,
ifi order that it may be more carefully exam-
ined, and that some mode may be adopted
which will be satisfactory to all the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think that the Senator
from Ohio proves rather too much by his argu-
ment; in the first place, that this resolution will
cut off all debate, and therefore compel us to
consider subjects without discussing them;
and in the next place, that we cau debate under
this resolution just ^s much as we can if the
resolution were not passed. I think one or
^thg other of these two positions must be wrong.
c^The rule will cut off debate unless some sub-
ject comes up that the Senate desires to haive
debated and that Senators have something to
say upon, and in that case the rule, like all
our rules, will undoubtedly be modified, or be
suspended by unanimous consent.
I never knew a Senator cut down by a rule
that limited debate to five minutes. 1 never
knew a Senator to be cut down at the end of
the five minutes if he asked permission of the
Senate to proceed; but this rule at the last
session worked in such a way as to expedite
business, and to prevent the introduction of a
great deal of unnecessary business, a great
many amendments that would simply be dis-
cussed and voted down. I think it will have
the same effect nowf
Nor do I agree with the Senator from Ohio
that there is no danger of a session after the
4th of March. 1 think there is. great danger
of it. Nor is he quite right in supposing that
no Senators are in favor of such a session.
Senators here whose opinions are entitled to
great weight are in a favor of it, and there is
a strong movement for it in another quarter at
the other end of the Capitol. I hope the
resolution will be adopted.
Mr-. XII(IIIMAN. Mr. President, I would
rather see a dozen extra sessions than to see
a rule like this established. For my own part,
I would rather that we should sit here until
December than see a rule like this establif bed.
