1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
42d Cong 3d Sess.
District Affairs—Mr. Roosevelt.
Ho. of Reps.
when it was only twelve, or that it was laid ten
feet deep when it was only five, he had no
means of detecting the imposition.
I think I can clearly show that he was mis-
led or mistaken in certain matters, bat by
doing so I by no means intend charging him
with complicity. Take, fori/istance, the sewer
on G street along the City Ball reservation, for
which he has allowed $3,290, whereas the
contract (p. 13) is only for_ $1,571. So with
the rate allowed for sewering, which he has
put at $4 70 a lineal foot, whereas by looking
over thr tables of expenditures for sewers,
including laying manholes, traps, and all com-
plete, it never exceeds $3 50, and averages
only about $2 60. These, however, are minor
matters. I accept his measurement as sub-
stantially correct.
You will bear in mind that when I referred
to General Babcock's voucher I explicitly
said I had seen it in the Treasury Department,
but that I had not examined it critically. I
had merely glanced it, and had not gone over
its details, but had been told by the clerk who
showed it to me that it proved the board's
report to be correct to a dollar and a foot.
Since then I have obtained a copy in full,
which J hold here in my hand, and as you will
see, it consists of sixty-six quarto pages, almost
entirely composed of figures, so that it was
utterly impossible for me in a momentary
glance to make out what was in it.
But I do not want any better evidence than
that very voucher for what I have stated about
the utter wort.hlessness of the report of the
Board of Works, and perhaps all but the blind
adherents of the board will be surprised when I
announce the fact that there is but a single
item in the voucher of General Babcock,
that I have been able to find, which accords
with any item in their report. To give you a
specimen of this, and to prove that 1 am cor-
rect, I will take up the matter of grading, not
going into that of sewerage, or curbiug, or
any thing else, as one class of work will an-
swer for all. I have here a "list of the items
tor grading, as charged by the Board of Pub-
lic Works against the United States, con-
trasted with the amounts allowed by Geueral
Babcock, and I .repeat that xu only one in-
stance is there any similarity:
Comparative statement of grading, as measured by the
Board of Public Works and by General Babcock:
Gen. B. B. of W.
Oubic Locality. vubic
yards. yards,
omx f Pennsylvania av., 21stst.to Rock! in (inn
2,505 I crock. J "'
12,970 Pennsylvania av., 1st, 2d, and 3d sts. ^ one.
34,491 Pennsylvania av., 4th to 6th sts. 11,206
6,631 Pennsylvania av., 7th to 0th sts.
41,025 Fifteenth st. n. w.. N. Y. av., &c. 33,000
11,480 Columbia Hospital. None.
2,168 Pennsylvania av. and K st. None.
4,538 P street circle.
31,908 Scott square. 31,000
4,280 Rawlins square. None.
18,030 Sixth st. s. w., B to B sts. 38,000
Not down. Mississippi av., 6th to 3d st. 9,932
Not down. JVlame a.v., 6th to 3d st. 9,932
a aaa 1 New York and New Jersey! Not dis-
°'444 1 avenues. / tinguisked.
Cost lumped by board $7,510
Cost lamped by Sen. Babcock... 12,919
Qn„„ JN. Y. av., 1st and M sts. comes in
' 1 at same place as last item.
7,170 Post Office. ii'lSn
None. Stanton place. 27,78l>
None. Marino baa-racks. ~V,!
23,000 Providence Hospital.
21,905 Winder's building. 12,000
1,508 National Home. .V
7,370 Massachusetts av., 11th and 12th sts. A one.
7,370 Massachusetts av., 10th and 11th sis. None.
4,009 Massachusetts av., 3d and 4th sts. Mone*
5,860 Four-and-a-half street. JJono-
II 777 Third street. None.
3 345 Connecticut avenue. Not down.
11*688 Connecticut av., 2d st. to R St. Not down.
418 Massachusetts av. to M St. east. Not down.
1,837 Massachusetts av. to M.st. west. Notdown.
430 Reservation No. 7. Notdown.
295,227  Totals 
Difference, 59,701 at forty cents,
235,523
$25,880 40.
The item in relation to Providence park in
both reports is $23,000, a round set of figures
which look suspiciously as if arranged so as to
mislead General Babcock. Now, gentlemen
may say how did General Babcock make the
amount larger that the Board of Public Works
claim it to be? Because he allowed them for
additional charges that they did not make in
their report, and which they seem to have for-
gotten all about. This raises the very grave
question whether lie had any authority to do
so; whether in his measurement of the work
submitted to Congress, and for which Congress
agreed to pay, he was not confined to those
precise matters. But it is far more strange
that the board should have omitted claims
against the Government of hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars at a time when they were
stretching every point to get as much money
as possible.
The position I take, however, and which
this voucher entirely confirms, is that the re-
port of the board is utterly unreliable, and
that the figures it contains might as well have
been drawn from a hat, so far as accuracy is
concerned. A favorite performance of the
defunct New York ring was to meet all investi-
gations by a mass of incomprehensible and
contradictory figures. When anybody "wanted
to know, you know,""they overwhelmed him
with a mass of tables, accounts, and statements,
dumped out anyhow and everyhow, and if he
waded through them they gave him as many
more, ever ready with a new batch, and
explanations, and corrections, and continua-
tions as extensive as the original supply, till
the investigator was crushed into silence and
submission.
The Washington ring seems to be pursuing
the same tactics, and when you observe that
in five pages of closely segregated figures there
is hardly one true one you can judge of-the
difficulty of exposing all their misstatements.
General Babcock convicts or condemns the
board and their report more fully and com-
pletely than I have done, and nothing more
is needed than his statement to show ihat all
their accounts ought to be overhauled.
1 have heard of monstrous overcharges out-
side of those made against the Government,
but of these I can offer no positive proof; they
are assertions, not official evidence. In one
instance it was alleged that nine thousand feet
of curbing was charged for while only three
thousand was laid ; in another, that incredible
amounts of grading were paid for while butlittle
was done, and that there are enormous over-
measurements of street pavements. Property-
holders openly allege that they have had the
work estimated for which they are charged in
their assessments for improvements, and that
the one third they are required to pay amounts
to more than the total cost should have been.
These facts I cannot prove, but General Bab-
cock proves all I want.
In old days when it was asserted that one
half the money paid by the tax-payers of New
York was squandered the charge was pooh-
poohed as impossible ; it was said such asser-
tions were preposterous ; but when the matter
came before the judicial tribunals it was cou-
clusively proved that all but fifteen per cent,
was misappropriated. 1 can only say I doubt
if this city ever gets fifteen per cent, in value
for the money expended. Uongress has now
been investigating this board since January
last, and yet can any one say that anything is
known of their operations? We see streets
dug down everywhere, shade-trees ruthlessly
destroyed, sidewalks torn up and worthless
pavements laid, but have we any idea of the
cost or extent of these performances or of the
financial 'condition of the board? After all
these reports are we any wiser than when we
began ?
The board's undertakings are on the most
magnificent scale. After expending their van-
dalism on the streets they attacked the harbor
and proposed a so-called improvement which
would have given a profit to the lucky specu-
lators of $30,000,000.
They have before us—not before us, but
they have talked of—a scheme to move the
President's Mansion from where it is up to
what is called the Little farm, involving per-
haps $20,000,000 more of profit. They have
grasped at the railroads of this city, and got
possession of them all but the Pennsylvania
line, I believe. And they have attempted to
take the Globe printing. They are grabbing
for everything, and they intend when they
have got through to be the sole owners of
property in the District of Columbia, and
that no poor men shall, reside in the capital
of this great nation which has heretofore been
regarded as the asylum for the poor of the
world.
I am not opposed to improving and beauti-
fying this city. I am desirous even that the
debts contracted by this board should be paid,
especially to the laboring men who are not
expected to discriminate in matters of author-
ity when employed to do work; but I insist
that such operations shall be carried on care-
fully, honestly, economically, and according
to law. I insist that Congress shall not be
insulted and the President misled by such
fabricated reports, such manuals of spoliation
as they should more properly be called;
that there shall be no concealments, but that
what is done shall be known to the people to
be judged by them.
The law as originally passed by Congress
provided that no improvements should be
made except in pursuance of specific ap-
propriations by the District Legislature, but
this requirement has been utterly set at
naught. The comprehensive plan as sub-
mitted to the Legislature and there ap-
proved was not a bad one, and had it been
carried out gradually it would have met gen-
eral approval; but it has been utterly dis-
regarded.
The prices of all the work were first raised
to suit a system by which contracts were given
out to favorites and not let to the lowest bid-
der. By the original plan grading was tj be
twenty-five cents a cubic yard that was increased
to forty cents; curbing was raised from a dollar
to a dollar and a half; macadamizing from a
dollar to a dollar and a half; the Tiber sew-
ering from sixty dollars afoot to $102 50, and
so on. Moreover it was expressly stipulated
and provided that no work should be done
unless at a rate twenty per cent, less than
even these prices as first adopted. In practice,
hardly any work has been done as provided by
the ' 'comprehensive plan" approved by the
Legislature, and none at the prices therein
established and for which appropriations were
made. The total of all improvements author-
ized was $8,222,996, from which twenty per
cent., $1,644,559, was to be deducted, leaving
$6,578,397 to pay for certain results and
not to be expended unless it would produce
those results. Instead of that, totally differ
ent works have been done at greatly increased
prices.
Congress has just authorized the Secretary
of the Navy to build six vessels of war, and
appropriated so much money for the purpose.
Suppose he were to build a fort instead, what
would Congress say? But, again, suppose he
spent it in beautifying public grounds near his
own property and to its benefit, would not
Congress at once demand his removal ? This
is precisely what the Board of Works has
done. Take the matter of wooden pavement.
All they were authorized to lay was as fol-
lows, there being no discretion left them to
