1878.
the congressional globe.
1373
  
\ Now the Senator says that my argument is not
consistent; that I say that this is a limitation
upon debate and at the same time say that it
can be evaded and debate can go on. Well,
sir, both statements are true. It is a limita-
tion upon debate in this way: unless you vio-
late the spirit of the rule you can speak but
five minutes upon any measure, however im-
portant ; and Senators in order to be able to
express their opinion upon a measure of the
greatest importance are compelled to resort to
a mode not exactly consistent with the dignity
of the Senate, moving amendments which they
do not intend to press and which they intend
to withdraw, in order that thW may be allowed
to speak. That is not right/
I repeat there is no necessity for any such
thing, and experience has proven that there
is no necessity for it; and when the Senator
says that there is no danger but that debate
will be allowed upon any important measure,
he' forgets that the most important measure
did pass the Senate under a ruling that it was
germane to the bill and passed with the lim-
itation of five minutes debate upon it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator excuse
me ? He spoke more than an hour upon that
subject himself, and other Senators spoke more
than an hour upon it, on both sides of the
Chamber. The Senator himself spoke more
than an hour upon that question.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, in violation of the
rule.
Mr. ANTHONY. Not in violation of the
rule, but he spoke on a motion to indefinitely
postpone the bill when it was perfectly m order
for him to speak, and it was perfectly parlia-
mentary for him to make that motion.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, it was, and that
was the only way it was done; and of what
use then was the rule? If the rule had been
enforced, if we had spoken under the rule
without any motion to indefinitely postpone
the bill, we should have been limited to five
minutes, and it was only by moving to postpone
indefinitely an appropriation bill, although it
was a bill that nobody wanted to postpone
indefinitely, that we were allowed to speak
at all.
Now, Mr. President, a rule that c.an be
evaded in that way is of no use. Much better
trust to the sense of duty of the Senate. If
this rule passes now, what is to _ prevent a
motion to indefinitely postpone a billand then
argue it at length? What end then is attained
by it but to compel Senators to stand in a false
position here as moving to postpone one of
the appropriation bills necessary to carry ou
the Government? What is the use of compell-
ing Senators to make such motions as that in
order that they may have the privilege of legit-
imate debate "upon a great measure for which
the sanction of the Senate is asked?
I hope, Mr. President, that this resolution
will be laid over until Monday and let us con-
sider it. If it is the sense of a majority of the
Senate that some additional rule is necessary,
let us have time to consider it and guard it
better than it has been guarded before.
(Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I have
always opposed the adoption of such a rule as
this; and I think the experience of the last
session give3 an additional reason why such a
rule should not be adopted. Notwithstanding
this rule we very well remember that the most
important legislation perhaps of the session,
and legislation which I think has contributed
largely to the difficulties that have arisen in
two of the States of the Union if not more,
was put upon an appropriation bill. I know
that an excuse was furnished for that by say-
ing that the long bill offered as an amendment
providing for elections throughout the United
States and the supervision of them by the
United States had some relation to an appro-
priation in the bill; and it was held by the
Presiding Officer and by the vote of the Sen-
ate to be in order as an amendment to an
appropriation bill.
Well, sir, if a measure of that character,
general in its provisions, can be in order on
an appropriation bill, what is gained by adopt-
ing a resolution that no amendments shall be
in order other than such as directly relate to
some appropriation contained in the bill ? In
point of fact, when that amendment passed
this body it provided that no portion of the
money appropriated should be paid to the
officers appointed under it; and as it stands
in the statute-book to-day no provision is
made to pay the supervisors of election author-\
ized by that amendment to be appointed^
And yet that was forced upon an appropri-
ation bill under a five-minutes rule; and we
are told that by some evasion, by a motion to
postpone indefinitely a bill that nobody ob-
jected to, an opportunity was afforded under
such unfavorable circumstances to discuss it.
But here was a measure of great importance
put upon an appropriation bill notwithstand-
ing this proposed rule.
.Now, if this rule is to be adopted, I hope
the Senator from Rhode Island will so word
it that it shall exclude legislation of a general
character, and not permit it to go in under
the idea that it may " directly relate," as he
has it, " to an appropriation." Let him say
in it that 110 amendment shall be in order other
than such as directly relates to appropriations
in the bill and makes application of the
money ; that any amendment put into a bill,
although it may relate to some appropriation,
unless it makes application of the money, and
that be the object of the amendment, shall
not be put upon the bill; and let us not adopt
such a rule as this to cut off debate, and then
allow it to be evaded by making some direct
reference, if you please, to an appropriation
to hang upon it a great public measure that is
to affect the whole Uuited States and the
elections of the States throughout the Union.
The point of discussion on that amendment
introduced under such a rule as thi^ras not
as to the appropriation of money. (The great
question was the interference of the Federal
Government with State elections, which has
overturned the State government in one of
the States of this Union. That measure was
brought in under such a rule as thi&A
Mr. President, if we are to havte a rule to
cut out general legislation, I hope it will be
so framed as to accomplish that object, and
not allow general legislation to be put upon a
bill by some indirect or direct, if you please,
reference to an appropriation. It perhaps
may be easy for skillful persons to so frame
the most important legislation as to have it
refer directly to some appropriation in a bill.
The ingenuity of Senators will enable them
probably to frame bills of a general character
affecting the whole Union, affecting great pub-
lic interests in the country, and to so frame
them as to have some direct reference in them
to an appropriation in the bill.
But, sir, the object of this, as I understand
it, is to prevent general legislation. Then I
trust the rule will be so amended as to accom-
plish that object. I cannot vote for the prop-
osition as it is. I have never, I believe, voted
for any such proposition. I think it is a mis-
take to introduce into this body, the only body
where free discussion is allowed, a rule re-
stricting debate. .In many years' service here
I have never found that the public service has
suffered by reason of free debate in the Senate
of the United States. We have been able to
pass our appropriation bills. There is that
forbearance here, that courtesy, that indispo-
sition to improperly prolong the sessions of
the Senate, that has always enabled it, with-
out any restrictive rule, to pass not only the
appropriation bills necessaij for the support
of the Government, but all bills which it was
deemed important for the controlling majority
to have action upon,-"
I think we could get along in that way now.
I am not aware up to this moment when this
rule is proposed that there has been any effort
at delay at the present session. I confess I
cannot bear testimony to that, because official
duties have kept me away from the Sessions
of the Senate a good portion of the time of
late ; but so far as I know there has been no
disposition on the part of anybody to delay
speedy action upon any of the appropriation
bills. I move that this proposition be post-
poned until to-morrow.
■ Mr. CONKLING-. Mr. President, since I
have had the honor of a seat in this body I
have listened often to the speeches which we
have heard this morning, I have never
been impressed by them. (Having, as I trust
I have, proper reverence for the traditions
and character of the Senate, I have never
sympathized at all with the aversion which we
have heard s6 often expressed to a previous
question in the Senate, or a rule putting it in
the power of a majority of the Senate to term-
inate debate. I have been here long enough
to witness, and I am safe in taking other Sen-
ators to witness, that time, not only by the
day, but by the week, has been wasted in
debate, having no reference whatever to the
matters before the Senate for any legislative
purpose, having nt> reference whatever, except
so far as formal reference was necessary, to
hinge upon what was before the Senate debate
and declamation addressed to the galleries and
the country^
I do nofsay that I think there is danger of
aiiythingsof that sort at this stage of this ses-
sion. {I ao say that in my judgment the his-
tory which is before us 011 this subject, coupled
with the fact that seventy-four members com-
prise this body, renders it suitable and con-
venient that that rule which in some form pre-
vails in other parliamentary bodies should be
established here as a standing rule, so that a
majority of the Senate, whenever in its judg-
ment the time has come, shall be able to bring
the Senate to a vote and a determination of a
question. That is the purpose of this rule.
It is that the Senate by its own vote at any
time may proceed to limit debate upon a bill,
limit it to five minutes; and those who know
how this rule has worked in the House of
Representatives need not be told that under
the rule and a fair administration of it every
Senator has the opportunity to be heard at
such length as is necessary and at all the length
which comports with the convenience and
exigency of the body or the occasion,-'
We have been reminded that under this rule
as it stands—and it stands in the precise words
in which it was adopted before, with the addi-
tion only of the suggestion against special
orders during the remainder of this session—
laxity occurred; that it was too flexible ; but
we were told just before by the honorable
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] that- the
true remedy in the whole case was to commit
the matter to the forbearance and the discre-
tion and the honor of the Senate. Very well,
sir ; may we not with much more safety com-
mit to the honor of the Senate the construction
and application of this rule? In the instance
which has been referred to, a decision was
made by the Chair, an appeal was taken to the
Senate, and a majority of the Senate ruled that
under this very provision it was in order to
move the sections which have been referred
to. A majority of the Senate did it; and we
are told that we may confide to the discre-
tion and honor of the majority this whole
matter.
Then I think we have this result: although
in a particular case this rule may have been
interpreted as some member of the body
thinks it should not have been, although the
minority on a particular vote may think the
majority was wrong, which I imagine often
happens even in this body where errors are so
few, we have a rule which under a fair con-
struction means that general legislation is not
to be proposed- at this session, in the dying
hours of a session almost closed, with all the
appropriation bills but two remaining to be
