1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
mittee of conference, on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. WRIGHT. Ou this question I am
faired with the Senator from Massachusetts,
Mb. Sumner.] He if present would vote
"yea," and I should vote "nay."
The result was then announced—yeas 38,
nays 19; as follows :
YEAS— M«sars. Boreman, Caldwell, Cameron.
Chandler, Conkling, Corbctt, Cragin, Fenton, Ferry
of Michigan, Flanagan, Hamlin, Logan, Maohen,
Morton, jiye, Ramsey, Sawyer, Scott, Speooar,
Stewart, Stockton, Trumbull, and Vickers—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Buckingham,
Cole, Davis, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut. Fre-
hushuvaen, Gilbert, Harlan. Hitehoook, Howe,
Kelly, ilorrill of Vermont, Norwood, Pratt. Ran-
som, feaulsbury, and Thurman—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low, Carpenter, Casserly, Clwrtoa, Cooper, Gold-
thwuite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Hill Johnston, Kellogg. Lewis. Morrill of Maine,
Osbirn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Rice, Robertson,
&hurz. Sherman, Sprague, Stevenfon. Sumner,
Tipton, West, Wilson, Windom, and Wright—32.
So the report was concurred in.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. WINDOM. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the Indian
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2989)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with vari-
ous Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30,
1874, and for other purposes, the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr.
Loo ajr.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suppose at this hour of
the day the Senator from Minnesota does not
propose to go on with any hope of getting
through with this bill to-night; it will remain
as unfinished business, and come up in the
morning. There are papers on the table that
ought to be disposed of, and I therefore move
that we now proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
national military a8yldm.
Mr. LOGAN. Before the doors are closed
I ask unanimous consent to report a bill from
the Committee on Military Affairs in relation
to the National Military and Naval Asylum
for the relief of the totally disabled officers
and men of the voluuteer forces of the United
States, and I hope it will be allowed to be
considered at once.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the necessity of
immediate action upon that?
Mr. LOGAN. The term of service of the
managers of the asylum is about to expire.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why not let it go over
until to-morrow ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of the bill.
The Chair hears none.
By unanimous consent, the bill (8. No. 1322)
to amend an act entitled "An act to amend an
act to incorporate a National Military and
N val Asylum for the relief of the totally dis-
abled officers and men of the volunteer forces
of the United States approved March 21,1866,
and for other purposes," was read twice by its
title, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to so amend the act men-
tioned in the title, that wherever the word
''asylum" occurs therein the word "home"
shall be inserted instead. The second section
provides that the act approved March 22, 1867.
entitled "An act for the relief of maimed ana
destitute soldiers," shall be construed to ex-
tend to all soldiers who have been or are in
the National Asylum, so as to give to each
one a suit of clothing, or its equivalent in cloth-
ing, from the stock on hand in the quartermas-
ter's department; and that Frederick Smythe
of New Hampshire, Besjamim F. Butler of
Maosachuaetts, and Thomas 0. Osborne of
Illinois, shall be managers of the incorpora-
tion.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
executive session.
The Senate then proceeded to the consider-
ation of executive business. After eighteen
minutes spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened, and (at four o'clock and eight
minutes p. m.) the Seuate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 8, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
amendment of bankrupt law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce, for reference
to the Committee on the Judiciary, a bill to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish
a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout
the United States," approved March 2, 1867.
Under the circumstances, I desire that the
committee have leave to report the bill at
any time. If the House will indulge me a
moment, I will state why this is desirable.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will not the gentleman
allow the bill to be reported first?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will.
Mr. COX. Ought not the bill to go to the
Committee on Banking and Currency?
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read.
The bill was read. It provides that when-
even a corporation created by the laws of any
State whose business is carried on wholly
within the State creating the same, except
insurance companies which may insure out
of the State craatiag them, and be subject to
to the provisions of this amendment, shall have
had proceedings commenced against such cor-
poration before the courts of the State for the
purpose of winding up the affairs of such cor-
poration and dividing its assets among those
entitled thereto, none of the act to which this
is an amendment shall apply to any such cor-
poration while such proceedings are pending.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The in-
tent of this bill is simply that where corpora-
tions are doing business entirely within a State,
and are having their affairs wound up by the
State courts, the jurisdiction of those courts
shall not be ousted and the matter taken out
of their hands by the operation of the bank-
ruptcy law. I desire that the committee may
have leave to report at any time, because, as I
learn, a large number of insurance companies
in Massachusetts are winding up their affairs,
and there is likely to arise in such cases a con-
flict of jurisdiction between the State courts
and the bankruptcy commissioners. It is very
necessary, owing to the peculiar circumstances,
that early action be taken ; and the matter, I
think, will commend itself to the judgment of
everybody in the House.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. If the committee,
upon consideration of the measure, should
desire to report it back favorably, they can so
state to the House, and the House can then
give its consent. But if consent now be given,
the matter may be brought before the House
for discussion, whether the action of the com-
mittee be favorable or not. I think, therefore,
that a mere reference of the bill for the present
is sufficient.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then let
it be referred.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the bill will be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 3358) was introduced, read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed. ]
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I am requested by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to call for the regu-
lar order.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins at eighteen minutes after twelve o'clock,
and reports are in order from the Committee
on Territories.
boundary of dakota territory.
Mr. TAFFE, from the Committee on the
Territories, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it pass, a bill (H. R. No. 2593) to
readjust the western boundary of Dakota Ter-
ritory.
The hill, which was read, provides that all
that portion of Dakota Territory lying west of
the one hundred and eleventh meridian of
longtitude which, by an erroneous definition
of the boundaries of said Territory by a former
act of Congress, remains detached and distant
from Dakota proper some two hundred miles,
shall be attached to the adjoining Territory of
Montana.
Mr. TAFFE. The only effect of this bill
is to correct a misdescription. Montana has
always exercised jurisdiction over this section
of country, although upon examination it
has been found that technically it belongs to
Dakota.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and, being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TAFFE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
territorial penitentiaries.
Mr. TAFFE also reported from the Com-
mittee on the Territories a bill (H. R. No.
3359) to transfar the control of certain terri-
torial penitentiaries to the Territory in which
the same are located; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that so
much of the act in relation to certain territorial
penitentiaries, approved January 10, 1871,
placing the penitentiaries in the Territories
of Montana, Idaho, Wyoming, and Colorado
under the care and control of the respective
United States marshals for the Territories is
repealed, and the care and custody of the pen-
itentiaries, and the personal property there-
unto belonging, and the use and occupation
thereof, are thereby transferred to the Terri-
tories respectively until otherwise ordered
by the Attorney General; provided that the
legal title to the penitentiaries and property
shall continue to vest in the United States;
and provided further that the Territories
shall keep and maintain in the penitentiaries
thereby transferred to their custody and con-
trol all persons convicted in the respective
Territories of violations of the laws of the
United States and sentenced to imprisonment
therefor, and all persons held to answer for
alleged violations of the l;rvs of the United
States in the respective Territories, at the rate
and price, to be paid by the United States out
of the judiciary fund, of one dollar per day
for each person so imprisoned.
The second section provides that immedi-
ately after the passage of the act the Attorney
General of the United States shall cause to be
transferred to the proper authorities of the
Territories of Montana, Idaho, Wyoming, and
Colorado the penitentiaries and personal prop-
erty connected therewith situated in each of
the Territories respectively.
Mr. TAFFE. I ask the Clerk to read a
letter from the Department of Justice.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department or Justice,
Washington, January 16,1873.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter or the 15th instant, suggesting that it
would be more economical for the Government to
turn over to the several Territories the penitentia-
