1374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
acted upon; that legislation of a general char-
acter shall not be put upon the appropriation
bills, and that the Senate by its own vote may
prescribe live minutes as the limit of a Senator
in discussing an amendment.
•fTow, Mr. President, I would rather vote for
this rule than for any other rule on the subject
that I can think of, except a rule adopting
permanently the previous question in this
body, to the end that when a majority of the
Senate is ready to vote, when a majority of
the Senate is satisfied that debate is made not
to affect the opinion or the vote of any Senator
here, but simply to reverberate and reecho
somewhere else, then a majority of the body
acting upon its honor and discretion should
have the power to say : " We now order that
the Vice President shall submit to the Senate
the question: ' Shall the main question now
be put?' " That has worked well in England
for centuries; it has worked well in the States ;
it has worked well in the House of Represent-
atives, and I believe, with seventy-four mem-
bers in this body, we have .reached the time
when it would work well here> Therefore, I
disclaim all sympathy with the horror which I
hear expressed about imposing a limitation of
debate upon the Senate. I think it would be
wholesome even in the Senate. But now the
proposition is simply to enable us to go on and
consider the regular appropriation bills, and
not have steamship subsidies and all manner
of things added to them which we are to strug-
gle over here upon one motion and another. I
shall vote for it cheerfully, and I hope it will
b<yttdopted.
THURMAN. I have no doubt that the
majority in every legislative body would like
very well to stop all debate whenever a meas-
ure favored by that majority would not stand
the test of discussion; and I have no doubt
that the same argument that has been made
by the Senator from New York would be made
wherever and whenever a majority thus sought
to stop debate or to limit it.. But, sir, a minor-
ity has some privileges, and certainly ought to
have the privilege of discussion. The argu-
ment of the Senator-from New York really
goes to cutting off all discussion's it really goes
to the destruction of all debate^
Now, sir, I venture to affirmf whatever may
be the opinion of anybody else, that there is
no legislative body in the world where free
debate exists in which there is less waste of
time in discussiarf^han in the Senate of the
United States. (I venture to assert that there
is no body of seventy-four men in any legisla-
tive assembly in the world whose debates are
more strictly germane to the subject, are more
strictly discussions of the matter in* hand,
than the Senate of the United Statejp I do
not say that there have never been any speeches
made unnecessarily prolix ; certainly there
have been. I do not pretend to say that there
have been no speeches made that might not
have been as well not made. Certainly that
has been the case. But I do say that a more
hardworking business body whose debates are
more strictly confined to the subject under
discussion and upon which the body has to
vote than the Senate of the United States does
not exist, and never did exist on the face of
this globe. _ There is just as little speaking to
Buncombe in this body, and less in my judg-
ment, than in any legislative body that I ever
saw, and there is no necessity whatever for
putting the gag into the mouth of Senators in
order to transact the public business.
But, sir, I see that the hour of one o'clock
has arrived. I hope that this resolution will
be laid over until Monday, and if so we may
see whether we cannot agree upon something
that can be satisfactory to us all. I there-
fore move 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
will suspend for a moment. The morning
hour has expired, and the naval appropriation
bill is before the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I have a motion to sub-
mit in regard to it. I move to postpone the
naval appropriation bill for the purpose of
taking up House bill No. 3255, known as the
two per cent. bill.
Mr. COLE. I hope that will not be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose we must have
the usual fight over this resolution; and the
sooner we pass it the sooner we shall have the
advantages of it, if there beany. I think they
are very great.
Mr. THURMAN. Oh, let it lie over. Why
press it in this way?
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senate will agree
that on Monday the vote shall be taken upon
it without any further debate, I have no
objection.
Mr. BAYARD and others. Oh no.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, if we are going to
have debate, let us have it now.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, let us have it to-
day.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator from
California will allow the appropriation bill \o
lie over for the purpose of continuing the con-
sideration of this resolution, which is more
important to him than to anybody else.
two per cent. fund.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thurman] to take up the so-called
two per cent. bill.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senate will not
postpone the appropriation bill for the purpose
of taking up the so-called two per cent, bill,
or any other bill, until we get through with the
appropriation bill. This is Saturday ; we are
now past the middle of February, and I need
not call to the mind of Senators the great
necessity there is of getting along with these
appropriation bills faster than we have been
getting along with them thus far.
Mr. MORTON. This two per cent, bill is a
matter of great interest to the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, and it has been pending
a long time. I think it is a matter of simple
justice to those States that it should be taken
up and disposed of. The bill has passed the
House of Representatives, and if it goes over
the Senate this session it falls, the whole thing
will have to be renewed. I believe it can be
disposed of this afternoon if the Senate will
take it up. There is no danger but what the
appropriation bills will pass, and I hope the
bill relative to this claim of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois will be taken up and disposed of one
way or the other. I think it is due to those
three States that the question be settled. I
therefore hope the Senate will consent to take
the bill up this afternoon with a view of dis-
posing of it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I appeal to the Senator
from California. The best way to hurry on
his appropriation bills is to pass the resolution
I offered.
Mr. COLE. The Senator must know that
there is another motion now pending. I can-
not say anything on that question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
take up the two per cent, bill is pending.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. In reference to
that I wish to say this: that is a claim from the
three States named by my friend from Indiana.
That is nearly seventy years old ; fifty years at
any rate. It involves taking from the Treasury
probably some three or four million dollars.
It ought to be deliberately and carefully con-
sidered. It will necessarily lead to a protracted
debate. While it is true that that bill has
passed the other House, it is also true that it
has been carefully considered in the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and that
committee, by a majority report of five to a
minority report of two, have stated their
reasons why it should not be allowed, disap-
proving of the claim. I think, at the closing
hours of the session, there would be a marked
impropriety in taking up a measure involving
so large an amount of money when we could
not have full and free discussion. I hope the
motion of the Senator from Indiana may not
prevail.
Mr. TRUMBU'LL. I hope that the Senate
will take up the bill proposed by the Senator
from Ohio. It is a measure that has been
pending, as the Senator from New Jersey says,
a long time unacted upon. It has been de-
pending in the Department; and it was sup-
posed that this money would be paid under
existing law, and the State of Illinois forbore
to tax for years and years lands sold by the
Federal Government 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Is it in order
to enter into the merits?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is as proper for me
as it was for the Senator from New Jersey to
enter into the merits.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have no objec-
tion to entering into the merits and having
the discussion now; but I did not at all enter
into the merits of the question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not intentionally
entering into the merits of the question, either.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the Senator from New Jersey, whom
he noticed particularly while he was speaking,
did not go into any debate on the merits
of the bill, but stated the action of the com-
mittee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He stated thatthis was
an old claim. I was trying to reply to the
suggestion that it was an old claim by stating
how it came to be so old.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
state that the rule provides that debate on the
merits must not be had on amotion to take up
a bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am well aware of the
rule and do not intend to transgress it or go
beyond it. The two per cent, bill has been
pending for some time. Now, without going
into the merits of it at all or undertaking to
show on this motion to take up, if I may be
permitted to do so, whether it is right or not
to pass the bill, I ask the Serrate to take it up
and let us consider it, and I think I have a
right to make a personal appeal to the Senate
to do so. This bill has been here and I
should have tried to call it up before, but my
duties imposed upon me by the Senate have
taken me out of the body for some time, and
the same is the case with my colleague. Now
the session is drawing toward a close, and I
think we are entitled to have this bill acted
upon during the present session of Congress.
Evidently we are to lose the whole of this day
in the discussion of the rule proposed by the
Senator from Rhode Island if that is pro-
ceeded with, when if that goes over until Mon-
day very likely some action may be taken in
reference to it that will avoid debate, and we
can dispose of the two per cent, question
to-day. Now I ask the Senate to let us take
up that bill and consider it. It is a matter
deserving the attention of the Senate, and we
ought to act upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Eu-
mosds in the chair.) The question is on agree-
ing to the motion that the naval appropriation
bill be postponed until to-morrow with a view
to receive a motion toproceed to theconsidera-
tion of the bill named.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand the motion to
be to postpone the naval appropriation bill
with a view of taking up the two per cent. bill.
Is not that the proposition?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is it,
but the Chair can only entertain one motion at
a time, it not being in order to make a com-
pound motion ; so that the exact question is
on postponing the naval appropriation bill
until to-morrow.
Mr. LOGAN. But it is proper, I suppose,
to state the object of that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say to the Senate
