1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
trespass upon the public lands, selling liquor
to the Indians, and counterfeiting.
Mr. HOLMAN. If they are valuable to
the Territories, then the Territories ought not
to object to paying for their publication in the
way of private enterprise.
Mr. CLAGETT. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana to one
fact, and that is, that these are not only terri-
torial courts but also Federal courts; that
the judges who exercise jurisdiction under ter-
ritorial statutes also exercise the judicial pow-
ers conferred on district and circuit courts of
the United States. Therefore it is that a large
number of their decisions are not only terri-
torial decisions but decisions of the Federal
courts.
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly; but we do not
publish the decisions of United States courts
in the various States.
Mr. CLAGETT. I beg the gentleman's
pardon; I believe the decisions of the Su-
preme Court of the United States as well as of
other United States courts are published by
authority of the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman mean
to say that the decisions of the various circuit
courts of the United States are published by
the United States? He must know they never
have been so published.
Mr. CLAGETT. I do not say the.; have
been published at the expense of the United
States, but if published by any authority at all
it must be by authority of the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. They are published by the
court itself as a private enterprise. In the
case of Judge McLane while he was a circuit
judge they were published by himself. But
the deeisious of the United States courts never
have been published at the expense of the
Uoited States.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Under this bill is
there any provision for the distribution of
these reports? If so, how are they to be dis-
tributed ? Is there any provision in the bill
as to how they shall be disposed of after they
have been printed and published? If not,
what is to become of the books?
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose they are to be
given gratis to'lawyers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. To what lawyers
are they to be distributed, good lawyers or bad
lawyers?
Mr. COX. Good lawyers, of course. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I ask that the
bill be again read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It appears, then,
there is no provision in the bill for the distri-
bution of these two hundred copies, either by
sale or by depositing them in the public offices.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask the gentleman
who has reported this bill whether it would
not be a better plan to authorize the Attorney
General to purchase for the United States this
number of copies of such volumes of the
decisions of the supreme courts as may be
published, to be placed where he thinks proper.
The objection to the present bill, it seems to
me, is that the number provided for is not
sufficient to supply the law libraries that ex-
ist in the United States. I send to the Clerk's
desk a substitute for the bill, which I ask the
gentleman from Missouri to hear.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert:
The Attorney General is authorized to purchase,
at an expanse not exceeding five dollars per copy oi
not less than two hundred and fifty pages each, two
hundred copies of such volumes of the decisions of
the supreme court* of each of the Territories as
may be published under the direction of the author-
ized reporters of the said courts, and to distribute
them at his discretion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoar] will not be adopted. I think,
sir, that there is no reason why Congress
should encourage the publication of the de-
cisions of the courts of the Territories. The
gentlemen representing the Territories will not
pretend that the utterances of these judges in
any one of the Territories are of such au-
thority as to be considered law. The only
effect of the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts will be to encourage the pub-
lication of these reports; and the gentleman
must know that the decisions of those courts
will be of no authority whatever as binding
anybody. The gentlemen who are willing to
assume the position of judgships in the Terri-
tories are not gentlemen, as a general thing,
learned in the law at all. They do not pro-
fess to be learned in the law. And some of
the decisions I have seen would fare infinitely
better and be least detrimental to the credit of
the gentlemen pronouncing them if they were
kept in manuscript and confined to as small a
number of persons as possible. I do not think
there is any reason for the Government paying
a thousand dollars, perhaps, anuually to each
one of the Territories for the publication of
reports which will be of no possible value to
any human being, and no credit to the judges
themselves.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not agree with
the gentleman from Indiana in regard to this
matter. I think the decisions of the territorial
courts are of value. They must be of value
as precedents while the Territory remains a
j Territory. They will be of value too in the
I future, when those Territories become States,
as precedents, and as the rulings of the courts
! on the various questions which arose under
1 territorial law and which have become a part
1 of the judicial history of those States.
! I think, however, that this bill is very crude.
It seems to me that the best thing that could
be done with it is to recommit it to the com-
mittee, that they may put it in proper shape.
The bill now provides simply for printing so
' many books. It does not provide who shall
have them or how they shall be disposed of.
They are to be printed and paid for, and that
is all. It would not be right that they should
be given out to the first man that calls for
them. I therefore move that the bill and
pending amendments be recommitted to the
Committee on the Territories.
Mr. HOLMAN. And on that motion I call
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill, with the amendments,
was recommitted to the Committee on the
Territories.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATION OF WASHINGTON TRKRITOKY.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, from the game
committee, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No.
1501) to disapprove of certain legislation in'
the Territory of Washington.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, proposes to dis-
approve the act to extend and define the cor-
porate limits of the city of WallarWalla,
passed by the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of Washington, 'and approved by the
Governor of said Territory on the 27th of
November, 1871, except in so far as the same
covers and includes lands adjacent to said city
which have already been laid out in town lots,
streets, and alleys by the owners and proprie-
tors thereof.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. TAFFE. I yield now to my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. McKee.]
SECRETARY OF NEW MEXICO.
Mr. McKEE, from the Committee on the
Territories, reported back a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, relating to the non-
payment of the salary of the secretary of New
Mexico and ex officio superintendent of pub-
lic buildings in that Territory, and moved that
the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the same, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to; and the letter
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
TERRITORIAL LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLIES.
Mr. McKEE, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 8361) regulating the
; compensation of the members and officers of
the Legislative Assemblies of the several Ter-
' ritories of the United States, and limiting the
duration of the sessions of said Assemblies;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that the sessions of the Legislative Assem-
blies of the several Territories of the United
States shall be limited to forty days' duration.
The second section provides that the members
of each branch of such Legislatures shall receive
a compensation of six dollars a day during the
sessions provided for, and such mileage as is
now provided by law; provided that the pres-
ident of the cottneil and the speaker of the
house shall feceive each a compensation of ten
dollars per day, and that the additional officers
of each branch of said Legislative Assemblies
shall consistofone chief clerk, who shall receive
a compensation of eight dollars per day, and of
one assistant clerk, one enrolling clerk, one
engrossing clerk, one Bergeant-at-arms, one
doorkeeper, one messenger, and one watch-
man, who shall each receive a compensation
of five dollars per day during the sessions.
! The third section provides that on and after
the 4th day of March, 1873, the annual salaries
of the Governors of the several Territories of
the United States shall be $3,500, and the
salaries of the secretaries of the said Territo-
ries shall be $2,600 each. By the fourth and
last section it is provided that the provisions
of' this act shall not apply to the District of
Columbia.
Mr. McKEE. This bill is really a codifi-
cation of the different laws in relation to the
various Territories. At present the duration
of the sessions of the Legislatures of some of
these Territories is sixty days, and of others
not so much. This bill provides that the
duration of the sessions of the Legislature of
each Territory shall be for forty days.
Then, sir, in regard tp the pay of members
of these Legislatures, at present some of them
have six dollars per day, as in Washington
and Colorado, while in Dakota they have
three dollars per day, and in Wyoming four
dollars per day. This bill simply makes the
pay uniform in the several Territories, and it
also makes uniform the salaries of the Gov-
ernor and secretaries, which have been very
diverse, from the various legislation we have
had concerning the Territories in different
years.
Mr. HOLMAN. What effect will this bill
have on the salaries of Governors ?
Mr. McKEE. It raises the salaries of Gov-
ernors, in some instances $500, and in others
$1,500. The Governors of some of these
Territories formerly received a salary of
$1,500 as Governor, and $1,000 or $1,500
extra as superintendents of Indian affairs. By
recent legislation, not leveled at the Govern-
ors, the Governors have ceased to be super-
intendents of Indian affairs for their Territo-
ries, and hence their salaries have been cut
down, in some instances to the pitiful sum of
$1,500 a year; not intentionally, but that has
