1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1375
that it is very desirable, as my colleague and
others have said, that this bill should be de-
cided. It is true that it has been before Con-
gress for some time; but it is equally true that it
has passed one branch of Congress by a very
decided vote. It is equally true, in my judg-
ment, that the bill provides for an honest, just,
and equitable claim. It is equally true, in my
judgment, that age does not affect the justice
and honesty of a claim, any more than it does
the honesty of an. individual. I am sorry that
claims from States or individuals should be
considered of an unsanctified .character, if I
may use the expression, on account of age.
I remember, within my short experience in the
legislative department of the Government, of
claims dating back to the revolutionary war,
where interest was claimed by States for
money furnished ; and those claims were not
iguored ou account of age, but were passed
without reflection on the character of them
because of the number of times they had been
before Congress.
This claim is one that three States present
to the Congress of the United States on the
ground of its justice, on the ground that the
per cent, they were entitled to receive from
the Government for doing.and performing cer-
tain things has not been handed over to them,
but has been taken from them unjustly and
unlawfully and applied to improper purposes;
on the ground, too, that some of the States
connected with this transaction have received
their pay long ago; that they have been re-
munerated by the Government. The State
of Missouri, the State of Mississippi, and
States not standing in so favorable a light as
do the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
have long ago been reimbursed by the Govern-
ment on the ground that their claim was just;
and to deny the mere discussion of this ques-
tion now seems to me to be denying the rights
of some States when the rights of others have
been investigated and passed upon by the
Legislature without the interposition of any
such argument.
I hope the Senate will at least favor these
three States with taking up this proposition,
examining it, seeing whether it is a just claim,
or not; if unjust, vote it dowft ; if just, let us
have it. That is all we ask.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr President, without
going into the merits of this matter it Seems
to me it would be right and proper to take
up and consider this bill at this time. How-
ever old the claim may be, there may be
and probably is justice in it. But we- ought
to consider" this fact, that here is probably
one fifth or one sixth of the population of
this Union included in these States. They
have been making a demand on the Govern-
ment for what they believe to be their just
rights for many years. Without now express-
ing any opinion upon the subject, into which
I have looked somewhat, I think it is due to
them that they should have the matter consid-
ered at this time.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I rise simply
for the purpose of correcting an error in the
statement of my friend from New Jersey as to
the age of this claim. I believe he states it to
be half a century, more or less. The claim
really originated under an act of Congress
which was passed in 1857, the title of which
is " An act to settle certain accounts between
the United States and the State of Mississippi
aud other States ;" and the second section of
that act provided—
"That the commissioners shall also state an account,
between the United States and each of the other
States on the same principles; and shall allow and
pay to each State such amount as shall thus be
Jouild due, estimating all lands in permanent reser-
vations at $1 25 an acre."
The claim, therefore, is only fifteen years
old. I ought further to say in this connec-
tion that a year ago I introduced a bill which
was an exact copy of this House bill. I called
the attention of the Senate to it at that time.
At that time I argued the claim, occupying
perhaps an hour and a half, and flattered my-
self that I had demonstrated that this was a
just claim, which Congress ought to recog-
nize. It has been, perhaps, my own fault
that this matter has not been urged upon the
attention of the Senate earlier than it has
been, because I introduced the bill at least
a year ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
dislikes to remind Senators of their duties in
debate; but he feels obliged in carrying out
the direction of the Vice President to read to
the Senate the rule limiting and prohibiting
debate upon any merit of the question pro-
posed to be taken up :
*' Motions to take up or proceed to the consider-
ation of any question shall be determined without
debate on tne merits of the question proposed to be
considered."
The Chair is of opinion that a considerable
proportion of the debate which has occurred
is clearly debate for and against the merits of
this bill. The Chair will ask Senators to con-
fine themselves within the rule. The question
is on the motion that the naval appropriation
bill be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RICE. I am paired with the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott.] He would
vote "nay," and I should vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Borcman, Cald-
well, Casserly, Clayton, Davis, Flanagan, (lolfi-
thwaite, Hill, Johnston, Logan, Machen, Morton,
Norwood,Pool, Pratt, Saulsbury,Sherman, Spencer,
Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vickors—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Amos. Anthony, Buckingham,
Cameron, Carpentor, Chandler, Cole, Conkling,
Cooper, Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghnysen, Gilbert, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamilton of'fexas, Hamlin, Howe,
Morrill ot Vermont. Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stewart, and
Wintlom—29.
ABS1SNT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Cragin,
Fenton, Harlan, Hitchcock, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill
of Maine, Osborn, Patterson, Ransom, Rice, Schurz,
Scott. Stockton, Sumner, West, Wilson, and
Wright—20.
So the motion was not agreed to.
ADDITIONAL PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SPENCER presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of Mobile, Alabama, in favor
of an additional appropriation of $200,000 for
the removal of obstructions from the bay and
harbor of Mobile; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Winston county, Alabama, praying that Mrs.
Gency Cummins may be allowed a pension ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented a petition of
the Vermont State Temperance Society, ask-
ing for a commission of inquiry concerning (he
traffic in intoxicating liquors, and restrictive
and prohibitory legislation for the suppres-
sion of iutemperauce ; which was referred to
the Committee on the Revision of the Laws
of the United States.
MONTANA INDIAN WAR.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This morning I reported
a bill (S. No. 46) to enable the Secretary of
War to pay the expenses incurred in suppress-
ing Indian hostilities in the Territory of Mon-
tana in the year 1867, from the Committee on
Appropriations, and moved its reference to
the Comuiittee on Military Affairs. As that
committee have already reported a House bill
on the same subject, I ask that the bill which
I reported, iustead of being referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, be placed on
the Calendar along with the bill of that com-
uiittee
ThePRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Carpen-
ter in the chair.) That order will be made.
ADDITIONAL REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1574)
for the relief of J. C. Dennis, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
moved that the petitioner be allowed to with-
draw his papers from the files of the Senate;
which was agreed to.
Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 3498) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department for the
year ending June 30, 1874, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 15-40) to aid in the
execution of the laws in the Territory of Utah,
aud for other purposes, reported it with an
amendment.
MBSSAGK FROM TllB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of conference on the bill (H. R.
No. 3258) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic service of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1874, and
for other purposes.
ENROLLED DILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 3506) for the relief of
John Miller;
A bill (II. R. No. 2629) amendatory of an
act setting aside certain proceeds of internal
revenue for the erection of penitentiaries in
the Territories of Nebraska, Washington, Col-
orado, Idaho, Montana, Arizona, and Dakota,
approved January 22, 1867;
A bill (H. R. No. 3!i09) to provide for
obtaining information of the condition of banks
organized under State laws;
A bill (H. R. No. 2620) to remit the excise
taxes upon alcohol used by universities and
colleges for scientific purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 3367) for the relief of
Emma E. Gardner, the widow of Lieutenant
W. F. Gardner;
A bill (H. R. No. 2979) for the relief of
Robert K. Enbody;
A bill (H. R. No. 1709) for the relief of
Major John W. Todd ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2259) for the relief of
James M. JIagar;
A bill (H. R. No. 2109) granting a pension
to Mary A. Shoemaker;
A bill (H. R. No. 2689) creating an additional
land district m the Territory of Arizona;
A bill (H. R. No. 1325) to remove the dis-
abilities of certain persons therein named;
A bill (H. R. No. 3534) authorizing the First
National Bank of Watkius, New York, to
change its location and name;
A bill (S. No. 107) for the relief of the heirs
or legal representatives of George C. Bestor ;
A bill (S. No. 714) to provide for the erec-
tion of a post office building at Dover, in the
State of Delaware;
A bill (S. No. 1199) for the construction of
a court-house, post ofiico, and other Govern-
ment offices, at Grand Rapids, Michigan ;
A bill (S. No. 1296) to authorize the con-
struction of a firo-proof building at Lincoln,
the capital of Nebraska;
A bill (S. No. 1351) in relation to mineral
lands;
A bill (II. R. No. 3181) to authorize the
trustees of the Presbyterian Congregation of
Georgetown to dispose of real estate;
A bill (H. R. No. 3482) prohibiting gift enter-
prises in the District of Columbia; and ^
A bill(H. R. No. 2470) granting a pension to
Robert H. Brown, of Adair county, Missouri.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, trans-
