APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Commissioners of Commerce—Mr. Hawley.
42p Cons....3d Sess.
In addition to this many of the railroads are
run and operated with the most utter disre-
gard to safety to human life, as the many and
appalling accidents of the past few years fully
demonstrate.
The question now pressed upon our atten-
tion is, how shall these evils be remedied, or
is there any remedy that can be provided by
law? If a remedy is to be found at all in
reference to the lines of road transporting com-
merce from State to State, it is to be found
and applied by Congress, tinder our Consti-
tution the power is lodged there, and not else-
where. By the Constitution of the United
States power is vested in Congress "to regulate
commerce with foreign nations and among the
the several States, and with the Indian tribes."
The necessity that the power to regulate com-
merce among the several States should be
vested in the national Government was one of
the strongest inducements to the adoption of
our present Constitution, Hamilton and Mad-
ison both wrote most forcibly and eloquently
upon this subject, and both urged the great
importance of this power in the national Gov-
ernment. Mr. Story in his great work on the
Constitution, in treating of this subject, says:
" The want of this power was one of the loading
defects of the Confederation, and probably.as much
as any one cause conduced to the establishment of
the Constitution. It is a power vital to the pros-
perity of the Union, and without it tho Government
would scarcely desorvo tho name of a nationoi Gov-
ernment, and would soon sink into discredit and
imbecility, it would stand as a more shadow o t
sovereignty, to mock our hopes and involve us in a
common ruin."
Indeed it may well be said, Mr. Speaker,
that without this power in the General Gov-
ernment we eould not be a nation. If it were
in the power of the States lying near the .sea-
board in any degree to control the commerce
of the interior States seeking transit over or
across their territory, the Union would be in
constant danger of disruption. For if one
State had power to impose burdens upon the
commerce of another State to any extent, it
could equally well impose such burdens to
every extent. Our fathers therefore wisely
concluded in framing our Constitution to place
this power in the Congress of tlie United States.
The history of those times shows the unan-
imity with which this provision of the Consti-
tution was adopted. The clause " to regulate
commerce with foreign nations and among the
several States" was originally reported in the
Convention exactly as it now stands, and was
adopted without a division. The words "and
with tho Indian tribes" were afterward added
in Convention. Now, the question arises
what is embraced in the power to regulate
commerce? Mr. Story, in his work to which
I have already referred, in treating upon this
subject, says:
" Commerce undoubtedly is traffic; but it is some-
thing more. It is intercourse. It describes tho com-
mercial intercourse between nations arid parts ol
nations, in all its branches, and is regulated byj>re-
scribing rules for carrying on that intercourse.
Again the same author says :
"This power tho Constitution extends to com-
merce with foreign nations, and among the several
States, and with the Indian tribes. In regard to
foreign nations, it is universaliy> admitted that the
words comprehend every species of commercial
intercourse. No sort of trade or intercourse can be
carried on between this country and another to
which they do not extend. Commerce, as used in tho
Constitution, is a unit, every part of which is indi-
cated by the term. If this be its admitted meaning
in its application to foreign nations, it must carry
the same meaning throughout the sentence.
But he does not stop here. In discussing
the question still further, he uses this lan-
guage :
"In short, in a praotical view it is impossible to
separate the regulation of foreign commerco and
domestic commerce among the States from each
other. Tho same public policy applies to each ; and
not a reason can he assigned for confiding the
power over the one, which does not conduce to es-
tablish the propriety of conceding the power over
the other."
Such, Mr. Speaker, is the language of that
great man wheu treating upon this subject, ana
it will be admitted that in the treatment of con-
stitutional questions he stands as the very
highest authority among the jurists and states-
men of our country. It will be observed that
Mr. Story states the doctrine .broadly that
the power of Congress over foreign commerce
extends to every species of commercial inter-
course, and that the same construction as to
the power vested in Congress must be carried
throughout the sentence.
The next inquiry that naturally presents it-
self is, does this power exclude the States from
its exercise ; is it concurrent with the States,
or may the States exercise authority to control
the commerce among the several States in the
absence of congressional legislation Y Upon
this subject I beg leave again to refer to the
learned authority already cited. Justice Story
says:
"Tho noxt inquiry is, whethor this power to regu-
late commerce is oxclusive of the same power in tho
States, or is concurrent with it. It has been settled,
upon the most solemn deliberation, that tho power
is exclusive in the Governoientof the United States.
The reasoning upon which this dootrino is founded
is to the following effect: tho power to_ regulate
oominorce ia general and unlimited in its torins.
The power to regulate a particular subject implies
the whole power and leaves no residuum. A grant
of the whole isincompatible with the existence of a
right in another to any part of it."
The citations I have made arc fully sus-
tained by the decisions of the Supreme Court
of the United States.
I have not referred to those decisions, be-
cause the time allotted me will not permit.
Subsequent decisions of that high tribunal
have only added strength to the position taken
by Justice Story on this great subject.
Such, then, is the power vested in Congress
by the Constitution of the United States over
the subject of commerce with foreign nations
and among the several States; and 1 might
say further upon this point that the Supreme
Court of the United States has decided long
ago that tbe power of Congress over our foreign
commerce was absolute and extended to the im-
posing upon such commerce ot' an absulute
embargo.
The power vested in Congress by the Con-
stitution is "to regulate commerce." The
power to regulate is the power to prescribe
the rule by which commerce is to be governed.
At the time of theadoption of our Constitution
steamboats, railroads, and telegraphs were
unknown. Our foreign and domestic com
merce was very limited in amount. And yet,
Mr. Speaker, at that early day this subject, ot
internal commerce was felt to be of the utmost
importance, and those who laid deep and
strong the foundations of our Government had
already experienced the absolute necessity of
power lodged in the natioual Government to
control the commerce among the several States.
If this question was regarded of so great im-
portance then, it is doubly so now. Then our
commerce was confincd to a few States along
the seaboard ; now it stretches from ocean to
ocean. Two of the northwestern States, the
territory of which at the time ol the adoption
of the Constitution was a wilderness, have
now a population greater than that ot all the
States.at that time, and a commerce many
times greater than that of all the States at the
time when our Constitution was adopted. If
considerations such as I have mentioned led
our fathers to see and appreciate the import-
ance of this power and tbe necessity that it
should be exercised by the national Govern-
ment, how much more should we in the light
of existing facts realize the importance of
this power and its proper exercise.
Since the adoption of the Constitution the
steamboat and the railroad have in the main
superseded the sailing vessel and the stage-
coach as means of travel and transportation.
In the exercise of the power to regulate com-
merce among the several States, Congress
has passed laws regulating in all their details
the construction of steamboats and prescribed
rules by which they are to be run and operated.
These rules are prescribed by law for the pur-
pose of securing greater safety to life and
property transported; and these laws are
enforced by severe penalties. It can make
no difference so far as the power of Congress
is concerned how the commerce between the
several States is carried on. Whatever may
be the commerce or the instrument by which
it is transported, Congress has absolute power
over it. -
It seems, however, to be thought by some
that there is something sacred about a railroad
corporation, and that because such corporations
have been created by State authority Congress
cannot control them and the commerce trans-
ported by them from one State to another. I
know that such opinions are very prevalent
and that they are entertained by many gentle-
men around me here. But, Mr. Speaker, there
is no just foundation for such an opinion. The
Constitution of the United States is t,he supreme
law of tho land, and by its express terms power
ia given to Congress over this subject. Can it be
said that the Legislature of a State by the crea-
tion of a corporation such as a railroad com-
pany to carry 011 commerce from one State to
another can thereby take away from Congress
a power expressly granted to it by the Consti-
tution of the United States? And yet such is
the position taken by gentlemen who deny to
Congress tbe power to control the commerce
of' the railroads forming lines of commerce
between States.
Upon this point I cannot do better than to
refer you to the report made by my friend and
former colleague, H.on. B. C. Cook, from
the Committee on Railways and Caflals during
the Fortieth Congress. The committee iu
their report say :
" The question of the constitutional power of Con-
gress to regulate the rates of fare and charges for
freight is one of very great importance and ot diffi-
cult solution. It has been hold by the courts with
great uniformity that no State has the power ma-
terially to change the rights of a railroad corpora-
tion as conferred by the charter after the charter
had been accoptod and acted upon, unless such right
has been reserved by tho Legislature at the time of
granting ot the charter, and it is contended that
State Legislature would not have the right to regu-
late tho rales of faro and charges for freight unless
such right was reserved at the time the charter was
granted. Tho reason upon which this claim is based
is found in the tenth section of the first article of the
Constitution of the United States: 'No State shall
pass any law impairing the obligation of contracts.
This prohibition is upon the States alone by virtue
of the Constitution of the United States. If, there-
fore, Congress has the power, as we believe, to reg-
ulate commerce among the several States as car-
ried on over railroads connecting two or more States,
then it follows necessarily that if the rates of fare or
charges over any portion of the continuouslines ot
railroad running from one State to another imposed
by State authority should be so high as to be a sub-
stantial obstruction to commorce among said ht&tes,
Congress would have the constitutional right to reg-
ulate such rates of fare nnd'ebarges tor the purpose
ot removing such obstruction, and this not because
Congress would have any right to pass any law im-
pairing tho obligations of contracts, but because
Congress might declare any contract by which a
State had granted power to a corporation substan-
tially to obstruct commerce among the States as
illegal and void, while the Stnte which has made
the contract might be prevented by the Constitution
from passing any law impairing the obligation of
such contract; that this power oi Congress depends
wholLy upon the power to regulate commerce among
the several States andcould only be exeicised when
necessary to prevent or remove obstructions
thereto."
But I desire now to cite high judicial
authority to sustain my views in reference to
the power of Congress to control the com-
merce transported by railroads extending from
State to State, and to control the railroads
engaged in such commerce.
Air. Justice Miller, of the Supreme Court of
the United States, in the case of The Clinton
Bridge, as reported in Woolworth's Circuit
