1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1377
bills are supposed, and justly, I think, to be
framed for the purpose of executing those
statutes by appropriating the money necessary
for that purpose, I confess my astonishment,
after the debate, and the circumstances which
attended it during the all-night session of the
last session of Congress, when a political bill
of the greatest gravity, and obnoxious in the
highest degree to the minority, was, under a
construction of this rule, put into the sundry
civil appropriation bill, that Senators have
not only brought back that rule into this body,
but deliberately get up here and insist that k
is a measure for the purpose of excluding
general legislation from appropriation billSyA
I think this resolution ought to be postponed
at least until Monday. Speaking for myself,
I say emphatically that I am for any reason-
able measure which will expedite the disposi-
tion of the appropriation bills by excluding
all general legislation from them, I believe
that we might by unanimous consent agree
uj^n such a rule.
C Besides the objection to the merits of this
rule, the minority here, and I speak for myself
unequivocally, are opposed to any proceeding
by which the majority of the Senate impose a
rule for the restriction of debate upon the
minorityiand for that reason we should greatly
prefer to decide this question and all similar
questions by unanimous consent. I think if
the resolution be postponed until Monday, we
can readily arrive at an agreement by unani-
mous consent which wiH reach the object;
and if Senators, as I have no doubt they do
from their declarations, desire simply to ex-
pedite the appropriation bills by excluding
general legislation from them, they can have
such an understanding as that, so far as the
minority are concerned, m ten minutes. The
difficulty about this measure is, as I said, that
it not only does not exclude general legislation
under the construction of the Senate, but after
what we saw at the last session, it invites it to
any extent whatever.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I regret, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] who made an appeal to save the time
of the Senate should have left the Senate
immediately after making that appeal. 1 think
we could have saved any waste of time on this
resolution by letting it go over until Monday.
The Senator who offers it does not propose to
have it apply to the pending appropriation
bill, and therefore there is no importance in
adopting it to-day.
There seems to be a general disposition in
the Senate to prevent general legislation on
appropriation bills. So far as I am concerned,
I am entirely willing to vote for a proposition
that will accomplish that object. The present
proposition is the same as the one we had
at the last session, which we know did not
secure the object. If that portion of the reso-
lution could be so framed as to prevent an
evasion of the design of the resolution, I
should be willing to vote for it, because I think
it a bad practice to legislate on appropriation
bills, without going into the reasons why I
think so. They are obvious, and have been
often stated in the Senate. But the mover of
this resolution must be well aware that it is
easy to frame an amendment that shall have a
direct reference to some appropriation in one
of the general appropriation bills, aud then the
amendment is in order as I understand the
resolution. At least, that was the decision
which he himself made, and the Senate sus-
tained, at the last session of Congress.
Now, I would desire, and 1 think he ought
to desire, that this resolution should be so
drafted, and I think it can be, as to exclude
an amendment, even if it has a reference to an
appropriation in the bill, if there are other
parts of the amendment containing general
legislation, so as not to have the rule avoided.
We know it was avoided at the last session. 1
will say nothing about motives, but such is the
42d Co.ng. 3d Sbss.—No. 87.
fact; general legislation, notwithstanding this
rule, was put upon au appropriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The rule allowed it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Vermont means simply that if you make a
reference in an amendment to some appro-
priation directly, then your amendment will
be in order although that amendment may
contain a variety of legislation, he will see
that that will accomplish very little.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not what I mean.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not suppose that
is his desire. I think that the phraseology of
the resolution should be changed. There is
no object in adopting this rule to-day, and if it
goes over until Monday, as nobody is objecting
to this part of the rule, it will undoubtedly be
adopted without any considerable debate, if it
can be changed to accomplish what I under-
stand to be the object of its adoption.
As to the other part of the rule, I do not
approve of it, and I never have approved of
such a proposition; but I have no disposition to
discuss it. I should be willing, so far as I am
cofKjsrned, that the Senate should vote upon it.
•(l know we have had announced here this
morning some novel ideas never heard of
before, such as tbat a majority, it is to be pre-
sumed, will actupou their honorand do right,
and that whatever majorities do of course must
be right. It is the old doctrine that "the
king can do no wrong." It is said herein the
Senate, " Why, this cannot be done unless a
majority is for it, and if a majority is for it,
it is presumed to be right." Mr. President)
that is the theory of all despotisms; that if you
have power to do a thing it must be right.
The king claims to rule by divine authority,
and whatever he does is right. The majority
claim that whatever the majority does is right,
and therefore they can do what they please—
a doctrine which would be utterly destructive
of all constitutional government and of all
limitations of power. Constitutions are formed
to protect minorities. Rules are adopted in
legislative bodies for the protection of minori-
ties. Majorities can take care of themselves.
It is for the protection of the minority that
rules are adopted. On the novel theory
announced this, morning tbat a majority can
do no wrong, it would be very well to abolish
all your rules and let a majority do what it
pleases, without regard to rules or any other
consideration than the .fact that there was a
majority ready to do '■
I had hoped, Mr. President, as an economy
of time, as no practical use is to be made of
this rule to-day according to the suggestion of
its mover, it would go over and we would see
if this portion of the rule could not be so
changed as to keep out in fact general legis-
lation, although you may couple it with some
appropriation that is in a bill. It seems to me
that we could change the phraseology so as to
make it at least more difficult than it is now
to introduce general legislation upon an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to correct one
statement made by my friend from Illinois.
He says it was my suggestion that this rule
should not apply to the pending appropriation
bill. It was not my suggestion. The sugges-
tion came from the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Vickers.J I said I had no objection to
that construction of the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stand corrected, then;
I understood tbe Senator to assent to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I said if such was the
wish of the Senate I should interpose no
objection, because when the rule was offered
yesterday it was supposed that the pending
appropriation bill would be disposed of before
this came up; but it was not my suggestion.
I make no objection to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You are not authorized
to give any assent to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. If other Senators assent
to it, I have no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is all very well;
I meau there is no understanding of that kind.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly, there is no
understanding of that kind. The Senator from
Illinois objects to this rule that it does not go
far epough, aud then says he will not vote for
it if we amend it just to suit him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No ; the Senator mis-
understood me; I have no objection to this
portion of tbe rule.
Mr. ANTHONY. But the Senator objects
to the other portion of it. I understand him
to say that ne would not vote for the other
part of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No ; I would not vote
for the limitation of debate ; but I do not wish
to take up time about it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then, if we amend the
rule precisely to suit the Senator, he will not
vote for it. That being the case, I think we
had better take it as it is.
There is very great force in what the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] said, aud I
was going to make the same suggestion. Here
is a bill before us in which three great States
have a deep interest. I have no decided opinion
upon that bill; perhaps I am rather in favor of
it; but I could not vote to take it up now, and
we never can take it up unless the appropria-
tion bills are disposed of, and the rule which
is now before us will do more than any other
measure which can be adopted to give that bill
a chance before this body at this session. It
has no chance at all unless this rule be adopted.
No bills except appropriation bills have any
chance unless this rule be adopted, aud they
are in great danger unless it is adopted. The
sooner we pass it, the sooner we shall have
the advantages of it. If it is found in its prac-
tical workings that any amendment is necessary
such as the Senator from Illinois suggests,he can
bringit forward asan amendment to the rule, and
I, for one, will give it a candid consideration.
I desire that all legislation so far as possible
shall be excluded from tbe appropriation bills.
It is a vicious mode of legislation; but some-
times legislative provisions, restraints upon
the expenditure of money, are absolutely neces-
sary in the interest of economy, and more than
that, sometimes in the interest of integrity. We
must have the privilege to put on legislation
that applies directly to the money appropriated,
to state under whose direction it shall be
expended, to what objects it shall be applied
when the general enumeration of objects is
too broad, and under what limitation.
Now, sir, we simply waste time by discuss-
ing this resolution, and I think we had better
pass upon it at once; either adopt it or reject
it. If we adopt, it, and it should require
amendment, I am quite sure the Senators on
this side of the Chamber will give any amend-
ment a fair consideration with the object of
preventing any legislation upon appropriation
bills except such as is necessary to protect the
appropriations therein made.
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot agree with the
honorable Senator from Rhode Island that the
discussion of the matters which have been
touched upon in the course of this debate is a
waste of time. There have been intimations
made rather broadly in the course of this
debate that there were to be cheeks put upon
the period of discussion of public measures in
this body, and we have been asked by one
Senator, eminent in the party to which he
belongs, to take the honor and discretion—
that was his language—of the majority, instead
of the fixed rules of our body, to regulate our
right to debate, To say nothing of the honor,
I would not wish to hold my right subject to
the discretion of any man. Lord Camden
said long ago that the discretion of a judge
was the law of tyrants, and the discretion of a
majority is ten times worse.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire whether
the Senator refers to a remark of mine ?
Mr. BAYARD. I expressly did.
