1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
was ready to be reported at the last session; and
the Committee on the Territories, after sev-
eral attempts to report, succeeded in getting
an evening session for their business; but
there were not a quorum present; gentlemen
of the House were not disposed to act upon
territorial business; and therefore this bill
among others went over. There was no dis-
position on the part of the committee—cer-
tainly none on the part of the gentleman who
introduced the bill—to keep it back until after
the "great contest" of which the gentleman
I will say further that though in some of the
Territories members of the Legislature get six
dollars a day, in others they get but four dol-
lars, and in others three dollars—an amount
totally inadequate to pay the ordinary ex-
penses of sueh officers. We do not want, I
hope, to starve members of territorial Legis-
latures. They have no political influence,
and there is just where the rub is. These sal-
aries are fixed on the basis of thirty years
ago, when we first organized the Territories.
Every one knows that the price of living is
much higher now. The cost of living is
greater, all the necessaries of life are much
higher; and I say that a Governor of any one
of the Territories cannot live as a gentleman
at any such salary in the Territories of Utah,
Montana, Idaho, and some of the other Terri-
tories, as that which they now receive. A
Governor eannot live on a salary of $2,500
even if he is so fortunate as to have only one
wife. [Laughter.} How much less can it be
done if he should happen to have more than
one wife. [Laughter.]
Now, while we may be in favor of just econ-
omy, we ought not to be so niggardly as to
starve these men who are serving the Govern-
ment in these positions.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What propriety is
there in giving the Governor of a Territory
more salary when he performs the duties of
Governor alone than has heretofore been paid
for the discharge of the duties of both Gov-
ernor and superintendent of Indian affairs ?
In some instances this bill gives more salary
to the Governor than we have been in the
habit of paying when the Governor performed
the dntieB of that position and was also super-
intendent of Indian affairs.
The question recurred on the motion to
recom mit.
The House divided; and the^e were—ayes
36, noes 60 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLM AN. I withdraw my motion to
recommit, and demand the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The pending amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly fread tha third
time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let the bill be
again read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous coasent to ask a change to bfe made in
the bill before it is passed, so that it shall take
effect at the beginning of the next fiscal year,
and not on the 4th of March next, because if
it remains as it is we shall be compelled to
bring in a deficiency bill next year for this
purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman think
the bill ought to pass with that amendment ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Idondt; but
if it pass it ought to pass with that amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
amending the bill so that it shall take effect
on the 1st of July next instead of the 4th of
next March ?
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does this bill increase
the total territorial expenses?
Mr. HOLMAN. it increases every salary
up to the standard of the highest offices.
Mr. CLAGETT. I wish to state what I
have always regarded as a fact, in connection
with this bill, and that is that taken as a whole
the bill works a saving to the Treasury Instead
of an increase of expenditure. In some of the
Territories the Legislatures sit for sixty days,
and in others forty. This bill limits tAie ses-
sions in them all to forty days, and I under-
stand that the saving thus made in legislative
expenditures more than covers the increased
salaries provided for in the bill. I will ask
the gentleman from Arizona, who is the author
of this bill, and who I understand has reduced
this matter to a question of figures, whether
the bill taken as an entirety does not make an
annual saving to the Treasury?
Mr. McCORMICK. It does.
Mr. CLAGETT. Then it will be seen that
the opposition to the bill based upon the con-
trary idea is without foundation.
The question waB taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 63, not
voting 98; as follows: *
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Barry, Binghata,
Austin Blair, Buckley, Bufftnton, Bunnell, Bur-
dett, Roderick it. Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Coghliui,
Critfcher, Dodds, Daell, Duke, Dunnell, Ely, Charles
Foster, Golladay, Ilaldeman, Hancock, Hanks, Har-
mer, llarper, George E. Harris, John X. Harris,
Havens, John li. Hawley, Hays, Herndon, Hough-
ton, Kendall, Ketcham, Lamison, Lamport, Leach,
Lowe, Lynch, McKee, McKinney, Merfiam, Mer-
rick, Mitchell, Moore, Leonard Myers, Packard.
Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker. Perce, Poland,
Porter, Ellis H. Roberts, William A. Roberts, Rusk,
Sawyer, Shanks, Shoemaker, Slater, Blouutn, Sloas,
H.Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Starkweather)
Stoughton, St. John, Sutherland, Taffe, Turner,
Upson, Wakeinao, Waldron, Wells, WtaMfet, Wil-
lard, Williams of Indiana, Jaremiak M. Wilson,
and Wood—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Barber,
Beatty, srasmus tf. Beek, James B. B«sck, Bell,
Boarman, Braxton, Bright, Burchard, Conger, Cot-
ton, Cox, Crossland, bonnan, Dox, E&mas, H Kir edge,
Farnsworth, Finkelnburg. Wilder D. Foster, Frye,
Garfield, Garrett. Getz, Handley, Joseph R. Haw-
ley, Hay, John W. Haeelton, Hibbard, Hoar, Hol-
man, Kerr, Manson, Marshall, Maynard, McClel-
land, McCormick, McOraty, McUrew, Melntyre,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroe, Morgan, Niblack,
Hosea W. Parker, Pendleton, Potter, Rainey, Ran-
dall, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie, Shellabartror, Sher-
wood, Stovens, Storm, Terry, W&ddell, Walden,
Whitthorne, and Young—63.
NOT VOTING—Messrs, Ames, Archer. Banks,
Barnom, Bigby, Biggs, Bird, James (f. Blair,
Boles, Brooks, Benjamin F, Butler, Caldwell,
Campbell. Carroll, Clarke-Comingo, Conner, Crebs,
Creely, Crocker, Darrall, Davis, Dawes, De Large,
Dickey, DuBose, Elliott, Bsty, Farwell, Forker,
Henry D. Foster, (biddings, Goodrich, Griffith, Hale,
Halsey, Hambleton, Gerry W. Hazelton, Hereford,
Hill, Hooper. Kelley, Kellogg, Killinger, King,
Kinqelia, Lansing, Lewis, McHenry, McJankin,
McNeely, Morcy, Morphia, Negley, Orr, Peck.
Perry, Peters, Piatt. Price, Prindle, Read, John M.
Rice, Robinson, John Rogers, Sion II. Rogers,
Roosevelt. Sargent, Scofield, Seeley, Sessions, Shel-
don, Shober, Worthington 0. Smith, Snapp, Snyder,
Speer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stowell, Swann, Sypher,
Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend,
Tuthill, Twichtll, Tyncr. Van Trump, Vaughan,
Voorhees, Wallace, Walls, Warren, Whitelery, Wil-
liams of New York, John T. Wilson, and Win-
chester—98.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. McKEE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BU8INH88
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before asking
the House to resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the special order, I wish to ask
the conseut of the House to report back From
the Committee on Appropriations the bill (S.
No. 1242) to authorize the purchase of an ad-
dition to the site of the post office building in
Boston, and I shall ask the House to Concur
in the bill as Sent from the Sehate.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which objections, if any,
will be in order.
The bill was read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask the
Chair whether the Committee on Appropri-
ations are authorized to report that bill at any
time?
The SPEAKER. They are not. The bring-
ing of that bill before the House is subject to
unanimous consent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the special order, the legislative, executive,
and judicial appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
by order of the House this day at two o'clock
the House, to-the exclusion of all others orders,
will proceed to consider House bill No. 1925,
the bill relating to immigration. If the House
shall now go into committee it will be the duty
of the Speaker at that hour to take the chair,
regardless of whether the committee rises at
two o'clock or not. The Chair would suggest
that some arrangement had better be made.
The simple motion that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole wonld not
dissolve the order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am aware of
that, but I desire to suggest that the gentle-
man who has charge of the immigration bill
should let it go over—and I understand that
he is not very desirous to push it to-day—that
we may get the legislative appropriation bill
to the Senate, where they have not enough
bills to work upon.
Mr. CONGER. For various reasons, per-
sonal and otherwise, Iain willing to let the bill
go over, on the same conditions as apply to
the existing older, until half past one o'clock
to-ttioSftow.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would suggest
to the gentleman that he should say two o'clock,
so is to put the bill on exactly the same foot-
ing as it occupies to-day.
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Conger} intend to give a full oppor-
tunity for discussion on the immigration bill?
Mr. CONGER. I am willing to give an
opportunity for all the discussion that the
House will allow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the hour of half past one is better than
two j because when two o'clock is fixed for a
special order there is left a little gap after the
morning hour.
Mr. TAFFE. If that order is made for
to-morrow, would it interfere with the morning
hour?
The SPEAKER. It would not. If there
be no objection the order will be made that
the bill in charge of the gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Conger] shall come up to-ixiorrow
at half past one. to the exclusion of all other
business, with tne exception that it shall not
interfere with the morning hour.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
MESSAGE FROM TIIR SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, informed the House that
the Senate insisted upon its amendment dis-
agreed to by the House to House bill No.
2255 for the relief of W. H. Kirk, ask a con-
ference upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Ferry
of Michigan, Mr, Edmunds of Vermont, and
Mr. Kelly of Oregon, as the conferees on
the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed with amendments ; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
a bill of the House of the following title :
A bill (H. R. No. 2987) to authorize the
erection of a public building at Evansville,
Indiana.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, and requested the concur-
rence of the House in, bills of the following
titles:
A bill (S. No. 1199) for the construction of
