414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
a court-bouse, post office, and other Govern-
ment offices at Grand Rapids, Michigan ;
A bill (S. No. 1301) to enable Richard A.
Stewart to make application to the Commis-
sioner of Patents for the extension of letters-
patent for an improvement in clarifying and
defecating cane juice ; and
A bill (S. No. 1317) to provide for the hold-
ing of additional terms of the circuit court of
the United States for the southern district of
New York.
i.eavk of absence
Mr. Morphis, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained indefinite leave of absence.
william b. musk.
On motion of Mr. COBB, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from
the files of the House the papers in the case
of William B. Muse.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the special order,
it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2991) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending J une 30, 1874,
and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will resume
the reading of the bill from the point reached
when the committee rose yesterday, page 12,
line two hundred and seventy-five.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent to
go back a few pages, and to offer the following
amendments:
Line one hundred and fourteea, after " reading
clerks," add "assistant Journal clerk, and tally
clerk;" and in line one hundred and fifteen strike
out " four " and insert " two."
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not understand the
effect of that proposition. Will the gentleman
explain it?
Mr. HALE. Mr. Chairman, if the gentle-
man from Indiana will give his attention to
the reading of the amendment in connection
with the text of the bill, he will understand it.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. HALE. The amendment gives tie
assistant Journal clerk and the tally clerk the
same pay that was given yesterday to the
reading clerks by an amendment which was
adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the amount of
the increase ?
A Member. Four hundred and eight dollars.
Mr. HALE. About five hundred dollars,
Mr. HOLMAN. Would it not be fairer for
the Committee on Appropriations at once to
indicate by a single amendment the addition
they propose to make, instead of increasing
one salary and then referring to that case ?
Not a member of the Housa understood this
amendment from the reading of it.
Mr. HALE. It undoubtedly would be bet-
ter; but everybody must know that it is im-
possible for the Committee on Appropriations
to perfect a bill completely before it comes
into the House. It would have been better if
these matters had been considered altogether
by the Committee on Appropriations, but I do
not offer this amendment as a member of the
Committee on Appropriations. I offer it only
to equalize salaries, in accordance with what
was done yesterday on a motion not made by
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. HOLMAN. There are a great many
other salaries that ought to be equalized if
these are.
Mr. HALE. These are salaries of officers
all in the same line of duty.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
make a single statement. The Committee on
Appropriations have not moved an increase
of these salaries in any case. Yesterday the
House raised several salaries of officers of the
House. If those salaries are to remain raised
there is a certain inequity in allowing others
to remain where they are. I do not know
whether this amendment ought to pass or not.
It has not been brought to my attention, but I
•wish to wash the hands of the Committee on
Appropriations from any responsibility for in-
augurating this increase of salaries. This
ameudinent has not been before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. This debate is all pro-
ceeding by the unanimous consent of the com-
mittee. Is there objection to going back ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the practice of
going back on a bill is a very bad one.
Mr. COX. I object to going back.
Mr. MAYNARD. We are trying to find
out what the amendment is first.
Mr. COX. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquite whether
it is proposed to put the assistant Journal
clerk and the tally clerk on the same footing
with the chief clerk and the Journal clerk?
Is that the scope of the amendment?
Mr, HOLMAN. I said I thought it a bad
practice to go back on the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair under-
stands the gentleman from Indiana to object
to going back.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is a very bad practice.
Mr. ARCHER. Is it not too late to make
the objection after discussion ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair called for
objection and thinks it is not too late.
_ Mr. HALE. Does the gentleman from In-
diana insist on his objection ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Oh, yes; I object to going
back. I know it is very unpleasant to object
to increasing the salaries of gentlemen who
are here with us every hour of the session, but
I make the objection to going back.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows:
For electrician for the Capitol, $1,200.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Iam instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to ask
the committee to pass over for the present that
clause in relation to the electrician.
Mr. ORR. I move to strike out the para-
graph, and I make that motion for the reason
that this subject of lighting the Capitol has
been investigated by the Committee on Public
Buildings and "Grounds, and that committee
have agreed to a bill, which will be reported
as early as possible, abolishing this office of
electrician. There are now two electricians,
for we are also paying an assistant electrician.
Mr. SARGENT. Why not put in a proviso
here abolishing the office ?
Mr. ORR. I did not know that I could do
that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I quite agree
with what the gentleman from Iowa proposes,
but I think it would be far better to abolish
the office at once, if the committee is ready to
do so. I hope the committee will allow the
paragraph to be stricken out now, with permis-
sion to us to go back and offer an amendment
for the purpose suggested by the gentleman be-
fore they get through the bill. We have now
two sets of electrical apparatus in this build-
ing, and a professor and assistant professor
to light the Dome and the rest of the build-
ing, when a boy with a torch in his hand can,
with proper arrangements, do what these sala-
ried gentlemen are doing. I hope the com-
mittee will agree to my suggestion, and strike
out the paragraph., with permission to go back
and offer an amendment hereafter.
The question was taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Orr, to strike out the para-
graph ; and it was agreed to.
By unanimous consent, leave was given to
the Committee on Appropriations to offer an
amendment to this portion of the bill here-
after.
The Clerk read as follows i
For compensation of the President of the United
States, $25,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out "$25,000"
and inserting "$50,000;" also by adding to
the paragraph the following proviso :
Provided, That from and after the 4th of March,
1873, the salary of the President of the United States
shall be $50,000 per annum, payable monthly.
The salary which the President of the United
States receives was fixed 
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to reserve the
point of order upon this amendment before
the gentleman proceeds.
Mr. SARGENT. Then we had better set-
tle the point of order now.
Mr. HOLMAN. The law fixes the salary
at $25,000 a year, and has done so for more
than seventy-five years.
Mr. SARGENT. That I concede; but
the rule of the House allows salaries to be
increased.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am perfectly willing to
simply reserve my point of order on this
amendment and allow - the gentleman to be
heard.
Mr. SARGENT. The point of order having
been raised, I would like to have it decided.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] will state his point of
order.
Mr. HOLMAN. My point of order is that
there is no law authorizing this increase of
salary. The law as it now exists fixes the sal-
ary of the President of the United States at
$25,000 a year. This amendment proposes a
change of the law. If there is any doubt about
that I will read the law fixing the salary.
Mr. SARGENT. I admit that the law fixes
the salary at $25,000 a year, and it cannot be
changed for this term, and a higher salary
cannot be paid for any future term unless the
law is changed. I call the attention of the
Chair to Rule 120 and the practice under that
rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
rule and the practice under it.
The Clerk read as follows:
" No appropriation shall be reported in such gen-
eral appropriation bills, or be in order as an amend-
ment thereto, for any expenditure not previously
authorized by law, unless in continuation of appro-
priations for such public works and objects as are
already in progress, and for the contingencies for
carrying on the several Departments of the Govern-
ment."—Rule 12#. " [It has been decided that under
this rule it is not in order to propose an amendment
to a general appropriation bill, which changes an
existing law. But it was also decided that the lat-
ter branch of the rule not only permitted amend-
ments increasing salaries, but was framed for that
very purpose."]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the uniform practice to have been that under
this rule amendments increasing salaries are in
order, though the Chair confesses he does not
understand the reason of that practice. The
Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I very respectfully appeal
from the decision of the Chair, on the ground
that the rule is rendered utterly nugatory if
the salaries can be increased beyond those
fixed by law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the uniform practice to be in conformity with
his decision.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does the de-
cision of the Chair reach the proviso offered
as an amendment?
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly; it is meant to
reach that. Where the law fixes a salary,
even if you appropriate a greater amount, it
is held by the Treasury Department that that
greater amount cannot be paid unless the law
is changed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. While we may in-
crease a salary to be paid for the year for
which the appropriation is made, can we pro-
vide in an appropriation bill that two years
hence, or ten years hence, th« salary shall be
so and so? That is the point I would Buggest.
