1378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Mr. CONKLING. Then I wish to correct
the honorable Senator. I made 110 such re-
mark as he imputes to me. On the contrary,
a Senator nearer him, the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Thermal,] suggested that it was better to
commit the whole subject of the abstinence
from debate, if I caught his phrase aright, to
the honor aud discretion of the Senate. Refer-
ring to that, I said that if that were safe, it
would certainly be safe to commit to the
honor and discretion of the Senate the con-
struction of this rule and the placing upon it
of sach a meaning as would make it perform
its office without injustice to any. That was
my remark.
Mr. BAYARD. Well, Mr. President, as
the honorable Senator ought to recollect his
own statement better than I, and as I may have
misapprehended him, I am bound to take his
statement, although ray own memory was
contrary to what he has just stated, and I be-
lieve, upon an examination of his language as
reported, he will find that he did state, perhaps
in greater connection than I have said, that
he considered that the business of this body
might be intrusted to the honor and discretion
of the majority.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me, I make no point upon the language. I
did not observe the language especially which
he employed, nor do I mean to pretend that I
can recall the precise language which I em-
ployed. My point is that my remark was made
in reference to the remark of the Senator
from Ohio, that it was better to leave the
whole subject to the honor and discretion of
the Senate. I stated that if that were true,
we certainly could leave a part of the matter
to the discretion of the Senate, to wit, the
construction of the rule.
Mr. BAYAKD. Well, Mr.Presidcnt,whether
the honorable Senator from Mew York was
merely quoting the language of the Senator
from Ohio or not, or whether I was in error
in attributing to him the idea which I had, and
which, as he has explained it, I have no desire
longer to press upon bim, let me take the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio who sits farthest
from me [Mr. Sherman] as the suggester of
this idea lhat a previous question should be
called in this body; that something in the na-
ture of a previous question should be adopted
in this body. What, does that mean ? 'It sim-
ply means something to cut off tree debate; it
means something to stop that discussion which
is the very soul of liberty, without which you
cannot have laws fit to govern a free people ;
it/®gans the end of free speech.
\ It is a very easy matter for gentlemen who
stand in this body in an overwhelming major-
ity, which they can let ebb and flow through
the doors of this Chamber and recall at their
will, when a page can be sent to bring up a
majority at any time on three minutes' notice,
to talk of regulating debate when they have
their own discretion and their own sweet wills
alone to control them. It is a very different
thing for those of us who staud here in oppo-
sition, and who frequently know nothing, and
are allowed to know nothing of the wishes of
the majority until a party caucus, held in
secret, has decided it, and we are called upon
suddenly to act upon measures which they
may bring before us. Such has been the his-
tory_ of legislation in this body.'-- I regret to
say it, but such has been the~"1iistory in this
boA
\Mr> President, the rales of this body were
not simply meant to promote orderly discus-
sion ; but there was another philosophy and a
more important one at their base: it was that
they should secure deliberation. This was
intended to be a body of deliberation, and not
a body of hasty and passionate action.} Free
speech, intelligent, vehement, if y<Ju~
violent, discussion was to be permitted^and the
rules were framed to permit it. yhe rules
were framed so that not only the Senate should
have notice of the measure, but that the coun-
try should have notice of the measure ; and
they were meant to give time that preparation
should be made for debate and that debate
should be fully exereisedJ* Therefore, when
any suggestion is made that on any matter
touching general legislation which affects the
liberties or the rights of the people of this
country the freest debate in this body shall not
be allowed, tny vote and any argument that I
am master of shall be found pronounced
against it.
With regard to the pending proposition, if
we could come at an accepted understanding
of what plain words mean, there perhap3
would not be difficulty; but, sir,(at the last
session the minority of this Chamber were
astounded,(aTTd the country was astounded, and
not only astounded but shocked^ that words
such as we find in the present rule, and which
are sought again to be enforced as the law ofde-
bate in this Chamber, could be so construed as
to rule directly against the intent with which the
rule was accepted on the part of the minority
and by the Chamber^ Why, sir, under the
language, "no amendment to any such bill
making legislative provisions other than such
as directly relate to the appropriations con-
tained in the bill shall be received," what
was meant? It meant simply a restriction, a
contraction, or a control of what? Of the
specific sums of money appropriated by the
bill. But it was said on that occasion that
these subjects related to another matter.
What matter? (The power of the President of
the United Stated to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus at his will/jTfearful power; a power
inconsistent with a just regard ta the liberties
of the people ; and that, tor sooth) was termed
an amendment germane to a money appropri-
ation l\
WVfl7 sir, after that I can only say that until
such a construction can be excluded by appro-
priate and significant words, a proposition of
this sort never shall have my support. At the
same time I am willing to admit that, as a
practical measure upon mere money bills
appropriating the necessary funds for the car-
rying on of the Government, the five-minutes
rule is reasonable, practicable, and just.
It has been said that whenever for any
special reason an extension was necessary,
general consent was given that the five-minutes
debate might be extended; and yet, as a
matter of fact, but few persons in the course
of debate occupied even the five minutes
allowed, and but few persons took part in it.
There has been no such thing ever exhibited
in this Chamber to my knowledge as a dila-
tory disposition or a demurring disposition
upon the part of any portion of the Chamber
in respect to the necessary business of the
Government. These money bills, founded
upon estimates of the executive department,
under its trusted officers, passing here under
the scrutiny of committees, are matters of
business in respect to which a slight verbal
explanation only at times is necessary, and
oftentimes there is but little principle con-
nected with the appropriation. Therefore it
is wise and right that there should be upon
those measures, multifarious as they are in
their nature, containing an enormous aggre-
gate of various distributions of money, a lim-
itation of debate ; so that in case of inadvert-
ence or any malintent, if any could exist,
which is not to be implied, there should be a
limit put for the purposes of practical busi-
ness. In regard to those bills in the latter
days of the session I am entirely a friend to
such a proposition.
The language of a similar resolution was so
perverted at the last session as to receive a
construction which, though it had the assent
of the body, met the condemnation of a large
portion ofthebody. Although it happened that
the majority of the Senate sustained the ruling
of the Chair in the precise case, the country
did not sustain it; but whether they did or
not, I should be false to my sense of duty if I
did not denounce a proposition which has
been shown to be capable of such a construc-
tion. Let that construction be excluded. If
the language of the amendment offered by the
honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurman]
is not sufficient, I should ask to have the
language strengthened so that there may be
no doubt that when you speak of matters
directly relating to appropriations you mean
what you say, and that you do not open the
door for general legislation in respect to all
the matters named in the bill. Why, sir, what
is not named in the bill? Every Department
of the Government rests for its functions upon
appropriations, and every Department of the
Government is named in your appropriation
bills. With what face can it be said, there-
fore, that when you mean to confine your rule
to appropriations to carry on the Government,
you are left at liberty to change your whole
frame of government, to give new functions
and new powers to officers, and all this under
the flimsy pretext that the appropriations relate
to such subjects ? Why, sir, the appropriations
relate to your Navy Department, your War
Department, your executive department in all
its branches, your judiciary department; and
yet under this rule you might as well amend
in an appropriation bill the jurisdiction of
the various courts of the United States, and
say that an appropriation paying your judges
made an amendment appropriate and germane
to the question which was to affect their entire
jurisdiction and control of the cases before
them.
Mr. President, I have no doubt that power
is oftentimes very impatient. It is of the
nature of power to be impatient; but it is the
duty of a vigilant minority never to fail at any
time toyp^estion the first step of encroach-
ment. (The rules of the Senate were madefor
the protection of the minority, and they would
be untrue to themselves and to their duty did
they not insist that they shall not lightly be
changed,and that they never should be changed
so that tbe spirit that created them could be
stricken from theipA
I am perfectly willing to vote for this resolu-
tion if it be amended to confine debate upon
amendments offered to an appropriation bill
where the amendments are germane to the bill
aud touch simply the question of the applica-
tion and control of the moneys voted; but there
must be au exclusion of any such conclusion as
that so strangely reached at the last session,
that because a Department of the Government
is mentioned in an appropriation bill, you may
change the functions and powers of that Depart-
ment, and say that you do it under the guise
and authority of a rule such as this.
Sir, the time occupied in this discussion has
not been wasted in any way if it shall serve
to recall to members of this Chamber, and to
the people of this country out of this Chamber,
the fact that there has been a suggestion under
the forms of parliamentary rule to stop free
discussion here in respect to matters of general
legislation. That I wish to oppose.
As to the expedition of all business meas-
ures in this body, I need not say that I shall
be found, as I have always been found, ready
and diligent in prosecuting and aiding the pub -
lie business. No suggestion has been made
or will be made, I think, that any man in this
body has used his privilege of debate for the
purpose of embarrassing the business interests
of the Government. On the contrary, I take
it for granted that all men know that legiti-
mate Bills for the proper, necessary, and lib-
eral support of our Government in all its func-
tions have no firmer friends and steadier
advocates than those who sit on this side of
the Chamber. As I said before, I do not de-
sire, upon an appropriation bill where debate
may be legitimately and sensibly confined, to
see grafted some oracular proposition that
