1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1879
shall be construed according to the will or
discretion or any other sentiment of the major-
ity to take the place of fixed rules by which
there shall be rights of debate and there shall
be a selection of those subjects upon which
debate is to be confined. Money is a good
subject to confine debate upon. Money the
people of this country can make, and make in
untold amount; but there is something more
■precious, and that is, theirliberty; and in regard
to that I shall be as meager in granting power
as I will be liberal when it comes to a mere
question of pecuniary expense.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois to postpone the further consideration of
the pending resolution until Monday next.
Mr. DAVIS. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. ANTHONY. Had not the Senator
better take the yeas and nays on the passage
of the resolution?
Mr. DAVIS. Either will do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the call for the yeas and nays to
be withdrawn. The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Illinois.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. That amendment has
not yet been reported. I ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert after the word ""received"
the words " nor shall any amendment be in
order which proposes an appropriation for an
object not specifically named in the bill."
Mr. BAYARD. May I ask the honorable
Senator from Ohio whether he would accept
as a substitute language which I will read for
his information and that of the Senate? In-
stead of the words suggested by him, I pro-
pose the following to come in at the end of the
resolution:
And nothing in this resolution shall be con-
strued to authorize amendments in the nature of
general legislation.
Mr. THURMAN. If that is considered pref-
erable by my friend from Delaware, I do not
know that I would have any objection to it, for
that is exactly the object I aim at. The only
doubt I have about my own amendment is
whether it would net be too restrictive, whether
it would not prevent amendments being offered
of which notice had been given, or which were
reported from committees; and perhaps it
might be too restrictive of the power to amend.
I am willing in lieu of mine to accept the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Delaware.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment as modified will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment as
modified is to add at the end of the resolution :
And nothing in this resolution shall be construed
to authorize amendments in the nature of general
legislation.
Mr. THURMAN. That will be understood
by the Senate if it beadopted, and will prevent
the offering of measures on which debate ought
not to be limited to five minutes. I hope the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. As the Senator says it
will be understood by all the Senate, I wish he
would tell me before he sits down how shall
1, for example, understand a case of this sort:
money is appropriated in an appropriation bill;
then some one proposes, as a regulation of that,
a prohibition of expending it in a certain way;
would that be general legislation ?
Mr. THURMAN. In one sense everything
that we pess except a private bill is general
legislation. There is no doubt about that.
The laws are divided into general laws and
private laws. But that is not the sense m
which "general legislation" is used in this
rule or in the amendment. Here is a resolu-
tion that evidently refers to general legisla-
tion, for every appropriation bill is general
legislation 
Mr. CONKLING. How would it be in the
particular case I ask about?
Mr. THURMAN. What is the case?
Mr. CONKLING. It is the case of an
appropriation in such bill, about which there
is no question under the rule. Then I move
as an amendment that that money shall not
be devoted to certain uses, or that it shall
be applied with certain restrictions and safe-
guards. Would that be " general legislation"
under the proposed amendment?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not think it would be.
Mr. CONKLING. Do you not think it
very doubtful which way it would be?
Mr. THURMAN. I hardly think it would
be. Everybody knows the object of the rule.
We do not propose that my friend over the
way, who is looking so earnestly in this direc-
tion, [Mr. Nye,] shall put his subsidy bill on
this appropriation bill. We do not propose
that anybody shall put the dock-yard bill on
any appropriation bill if we can help it. We
do not propose that anybody shall put a crim-
inal code into an appropriation bill if we can
help it. We do not propose that anybody
shall suspend the writ of habeas corpus by any
provision in an appropriation if we can help
it. Therefore, I do not think there can be any
trouble whatever in understanding the effect
of the rule if the amendment shall be adopted,
and I hope it may be.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Ohio as1 modified.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 17, noes 21.
Mr. THURMAN and Mr. BAYARD called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Afr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I find it
very difficult to get over an old habit of taking
gentlemen at their words, especially when they
are members of the United States Senate. I
confess I was somewhat surprised a while ago
when I heard the declarations from three or
four of the most leading Senators on this floor
that the sole object of this rule was to exclude
general legislation or anything in that nature
from an appropriation bill. When the Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] offered his
amendment, which expresses that very thing
in terms which present that idea, neither more
nor less, in clear and unmistakable language,
far more so at least than the ambiguous and
dangerous language employed in this resolu-
tion m the face of the experience of the last
session, I did hope it would receive the support
at least of the Senators who were forward in
professing as the only object they had in press-
ing this resolution to exclude general legisla-
tion from appropriation bills; and yet I was
surprised to see each and all of those Senators
rising to oppose it.
Doubtless it will be said that the
of my friend from Delaware was open to some
different construction. It is almost impossible
to draw language which, if a man has a mind,
he may not construe any way that he sees fit,
and nothing has ever been drawn by human
pen or uttered by human tongue, though that
tongue spoke with the power of inspiration,
that is not susceptible of being twisted to any
meaning which an evil dexterity desires to put
upon it.
^•sWe saw what happened at the- last sessiopr
We saw a rule brought in herejivowcdly for
the purpose of excluding general legislation,
heartily accepted by the members of the
minority even to the extent of consenting to a
precedent that the Senate might by a rule limit
debate. It was acted upon from the time of
its adoption throughout the session until a
point was reached when it was found necessary,
or at least convenient, to put the contrary
construction upon it. When that point was
reached, was there any hesitation on the part
of the majority in overturning its own work, in
reversing all the decisions that had been made
by the Presiding Officer of this body, in tear-
ing up from the very foundation the whole
rule in its letter and in its spirit©- Not at all,
sir. Under that rule, brought"® here to pre-
vent general legislation on appropriation bills,
to limit an abuse, if not entirely to destroy
it, acknowledged by everybody—the abuse of
making the appropiation bill the pack-horse
for all kinds of doubtful general legislation—
fthe majority held, and so acted, that legisla-
tion of the most general character could be
put upon the sundry civil appropriation bill.
They put upon that bill a law regulating the
elections in every State in the United States
and in every political subdivision of a certain
class in every State. If that is not general
legislation I do not know what is; and my
friend from Delaware used no word one whit
too strong when he said that that was a decis-
ion and that was a proceeding in the Senate,
which shocked the country, '.
Now, sir, this same rule is hrought back
again; the Trojan horse is here a second time;
and we are asked to accept that rule, so con-
strued and so acted upon by a large majority
in the Senate, as being a rule the object of
which is and the effect of which must be to
exclude general legislation from an appropria-
tion bill. The argument was that the new
bayonet bill put into the sundry civil appro-
priation bill was admissible under the rule
because it related to an appropriation in the
bill. That was an absurdity in terms, so to
say. The bayonet election law amendment
related not to an appropriation in the bill; it
related to the existing statute; and that is all
it related to; and it seems to me that every
man of ordinary sense and fair judgment out-
side of the Senate must have so understood it.
If that were not so, if because an appropria-
tion in a bill is made to carry out an existing
statute, (and all appropriations must be so
made whether that statute be referred to in
express terms or by implication in a bill,) that
statute can be amended in an appropriation
bill like the sundry civil bill, a very extensive
and general bill for all the Departments, you
can reconstruct your entire statute-bookand
yet gentlemen want'us to believe that under a
rule so construed and so dealt with by the
Senate we can rely for the exclusion of general
legislation.
What was the use of such a rule as that ? It
prevented no excess. It did not limit, still
less did it eradicate any abuse. It fortified by
a rule and sanctioned by the practice of the
Senate under it the very evil against which it
was said the rule was brought in to protectthe
Senate and protect its appropriation bills.
Why, sir, if gentlemen mean to exclude gen-
eral legislation from appropriation bills, what
is the reason they are not willing to say so?
Do not mock us with this rule as to which we
have the decision of your Presiding Officer,
backed up and sustained by the Senate.
I say, sir, it is a mockery to speak of this rule
as being against the abuse of making the appro-
priation bills the vehicle of general legislation.
I confess that I am surprised, more so than I
have yet been, in regard to the present intro-
duction of this rule, by reason of the opposi-
tion of the majority to the fair and necessary
amendment of the Senator from Delaware.
That amendment does in terms exclude gen-
eral legislation ; it employs language which we
all understand, the meaning of which is estab-
lished by a practice of years in this Chamber ;
and yet Senators are found voting against it.
What does it mean? If, after such a course
on their part, so well calculated to excite
doubts as to the ultimate result, I will not say
the object, still less the motive of this pro-
ceeding, find us resisting the passage of this
resolution by all fit and proper means of dis-
cussion and otherwise, tne fault lies at their
doors and not at our door.
I repeat, sir, we are for the dispatch of busi-
ness ; we do not want an extra session. I
should hesitate to agree to the broad statement
