im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
of my friend, the Senator from Ohio nearest
me, [Mr. Tiiurman,] that he had rather have
$ dozen extra sessions than have this rule. I
am not willing to go so far as that. I con-
sider that one extra session is evil enough,
and I am willing, and have been all the time—
and Senators who know me ought to under-
stand that—to concur in any reasonable rule
of action the effect of which will be to enable
ns.to get through the legitimate business of
the session, dispose of the appropriation bills,
and any other bills of a general character
■which may be necessary for the welfare of the
country. But if we are to be bound up by a
resolution including a five-minutes rule for
debate, I want something in the resolution
which will afford us some reasonable ground
fo? hope that we shall not be treated to the
performance of the last session over again.
Mr, ANTHONY. I do not believe there
will be any practical difference among us upon
.the interpretation of the rule, but the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thdr-
MAN] would be very difficult of construction,
and there are amendmentsnecessary to restrain
and limit appropriations which might be called
perhaps of a general character. This amend-
ment allows no legislation either of a general or
special character that does not apply directly
to the appropriations within the bill, and I
think there are sometimes amendments in the
way of limitations that would come under the
construction of general legislation; but I
know of no intention, and I do not believe
there is any intention to put upon any of the
appropriation bills any legislation that does
not apply immediately to the appropriations
andjntended to regulate them.
_ U must correct the Senator from California
in what I think a misapprehension. He said
that the decision of the Senate putting upon
the sundry civil appropriation bill of the last
session the law to which he refers, was in
direct violation of all the rules of the Senate
and of the decisions of the Presiding Officer.
Why, Mr. President, there were two decis-
ions 1 am sure of the Presiding officer, and I
think there were two different officers in the
chair at the two different times, upon that very
bill and wnder this very rule in exact conform-
ity to the one of which the Senator speaks.
On that very bill there is a law which regulates
the laying out and construction of railroads in
the District of Columbia, because that applied
directly to an appropriation in the bill. Upon
that bill there was an amendment, offered 1
think by the Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Pom-
KRor,] creating a new bureau in the Land
Office, with detectives, with clerks, with their
duties defined, their compensations defined,
and penalties provided, an amendment of
several sections, which was ruled in order, and
the Senate sustained the ruling. The amend-
ment was not adopted, but it was received and
discussed. I have not the bill before me, and
I could not recollect the course of the debate
if I had but I recollect those two instances,
and I think there were several others. I do
not think that the Senate reversed its own
orders or reversed the decision of its Presid-
ing Officer in sustaining the decision of the
Chair on the amendment referred to._\
Mr. CASSERLY. My recollection does not
tally at all with that of the Senator from Rhode
Island. Even if he were right upon a matter
so local in its character as a question of street
railroads in Washington, and the due admin-
istration of them, the attention of the Senate
was not sufficiently directed to the subject.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 beg the Senator's par-
don. In one of the instances to which 1 re-
ferred tj?e attention of the Senate was directed
to the subject, and the amendment was ruled
to be in order.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not go recollect the
matter at all.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Globe will show.
Mr. CASSERLY. My recollection, so far
as I have any—and it is quite distinct as to the
whole course of this controversy, for it im-
pressed itself very much upon my mind—is dis1
tinctly the reverse of that of the Senator from
Rhode Island. If one may judge from the
language of the Senator from Rhode Island
now, we are warned in time that his inter-
pretation of his rule, and doubtless that of those
with whom he is acting, will be that any kind
of legislation can be put into the appropria-
tion bills wherever it can be said that the
legislation relates in any way to an appropria-
tion in the bill to execute an existing law.
Mr. ANTHONY. Of course that is what
the rule says, and now any legislation can be
put into an appropriation bill whether it relates
to the appropriations therein or not. The
rule is restrictive. What the Senator com-
plains that this rule allows is what has always
been permitted in the Senate. The only com-
plaint the Senator makes of the rule is that it
does not go far enough in the direction which
he wishes it to go.
Mr. CASSERLY. How can a rule be said
to exclude general legislation from an appro-
priation bill if it admits any legislation what-
ever that relates even indirectly to the appro
priation in the bill? An appropriation in an
appropriation bill is always made to execute an
existing law, and there is next to no law on
the statute-book of the United States that does
not, directly or indirectly, entail some expense
under it. So that I ask the Senator from
Rhode Island to state what we gain by adopt-
ing this rule with his construction. 1 do not
agree that that is a just construction of the
language of this rule. What I complained of
was that a decision was made that I think—
that is my judgment—violated the language
of the rule itself.
If 1 were satisfied that the Senate would
adhere to tbe letter and the spirit of this reso-
lution, I should have no difficulty about it; but
it has once i  a very important case decided
that it would not adhere to the spirit and the
letter of this rule, as I understand it. It has
decided that upon an appropriation bill con-
taining a provision to pay money for the ex-
penses entailed under the election law of the
United States, any amendment to thatelection
law is in order. I repeat that such an amend
ment as that, introducing new legislation into
a general statute, isnotan amendment relating
directly to the appropriations in the bill. It
relates directly to the bill which it undertakes
to amend and to nothing else.
I regret always a difference as to facts in a
given ease between myself and any member
of this body; but, after all, the difference of
fact is immaterial. It now appears from the
statement of the Senator from Rhode Island
himself that this rule is to be construed so as
to admit legislation of a general charaeterupon
the appropriation bills under the same or the
like circumstances as those under which the
famous election law, so-called, was so largely
apaeuded at the last session.
■(Mr. TIIURMAN. This resolution is, I
believe, identically the same as that which was
adopted at the last session, except the last
clause. The Senator from Rhode Island, who
moves it, tells us that the Senate has decided
that general legislation of the character that
he mentions may be moved to an appropria-
tion bill notwithstanding this resolution ; that,
for instance, an amendment creating a new
bureau, or indeed a new Department of the
Government, with all its machinery, and clerks
and employes of all sorts, may be moved as an
amendment to an appropriation bill, and so
of the other illustration which he gave. If
that be the true interpretation, then the whole
effect of the rule is to limit debate to five
minute^ It has no real effect beyond limiting
debate to five minutes. It may be said that
in one particular it has another effect; that is,
that it would require that the amendment
should be germane to the bill; but we ail
know how large a latitude that allows for de-
cision. Really, therefore, if the resolution
pass with that interpretation upon it, it has no
effect but to limit debate.
But, says the Senator, anything can be
offered as an amendment to an appropriation
bill now, and it will be no worse if this reso-
lution should pass. Ah ! but the Senator for-
gets that while anything can be offered as an
amendment to an appropriation bill now, there
is no limit upon debate now. Nobody com-
plains that anything can be offered as an
amendment to an appropriation bill so long as
you allow debate; bat we do complain that
you shall cut debate down to five minutes, and
at the same time retaiu the right to move the
most important measures that are perfectly
new, which the Senate may never have seen or
considered one moment, which may never
have been considered by any committee, and
move them as amendments to appropriation
bills.
I do submit to the Senator that if he is op-
posed to general legislation upon an appropri-
ation bill, there can be no serious objection to
adopting the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Delaware. Let that be done, and
then there is something like fairness. Other-
wise you drive Senators to move an indefinite
postponement of a bill whenever their sense
of duty requires them to speak.
Mr. CONKLING. A Senator admonishes
me not to stir up anybody, but I think I can
ask my friend from Ohio a question without
stirring up a,ny more debate. 1 wish to remind
him of the fact—of course he will understand
that 1 speak seriously—that the only objection
there is to this proposition is an objection
which neither he nor anybody else answers.
It is simply that when you first say in a rule
that you shall not offer any general legislation
unless it directly relates to an appropriation
i-n the bill, without goingto broader cases now
fairly understood, we know where we are ; but
when, instead of that, you say that no general
legislation whatever, no provision which par-
takes of the character of general legislation,
shall be offered, then you encounter the diffi-
culty which my friend from Rhode Island has
pointed out, namely: you find in the bill an
appropriation; you see some reason for re-
stricting or guarding the application or devo-
tion of that money; an amendment to that
effect is offered and it stands in the very teeth
of the rule. Why? Because, although it
relates directly to an appropriation in the bill,
although it is clearly within the intention which
all Senators profess, and I presume sincerely,
on the other side, it is nevertheless and all
the same general legislation in its theory ;
ergo, it must be exorcised. That is the objec-
tion ; and the honorable Senator from Ohio
does not answer it; he cannot answer it. He
goes as far as his candor will allow him to go
when he says that he thinks such a case as I
put to him a moment ago might come under
the rule. Now the rule as it stands is designed
to exclude it in all cases unless it pertains to
one of the appropriations, and then and then
only to admit it.
I need not reply to what has been said about
the way the rule has been interpreted hereto-
fore. We gain nothingjjy debating such mat-
ters. Senators have indulged in very strong
language about that case. 1 was here ; I took
part in the discussion. I believed the ruling
of the Chair was right. I voted to sustain him.
I am willing to take my entire share of the
responsibility to-day, and to vindicate it if that
were here; but we have something else to do
besides quarreling over the memories of the
past. Now the point is whether in excluding
legislation of a general character by the rule,
we shall exclude all legislation, whether expe-
dient, necessary, providential, in reference to
the appropriations, or whether we shall exclude
only so much of general legislation as is not
necessary in order to guard the appropriation
bills.
I have said this much, endeavoring to ab-
stain from alluding to anything which would
