1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1381
be the subject of controversy. I hope I have
not stirred up any additional debate. My
whole purpose was to reply in all sincerity and
candor to my friends on the other side who
seem to think that this amendment is resisted
for some reason which does not prevail at ail,
and who, just like ourselves, are unable to
answer the obvious objection which appears
on the face of this amendment, namely, that it
is so broad that we shall find we are caught
up when we offer amendments which the Sen-
ator from Ohio would vote for just as much as
I should, and which I would vote for just as
willingly as he would, and which we should
both vote for, because we thought them a
proper check or bridle to put on some appro-
priation in the bill.
"Mr. THUKMAN. Iam very much indis-
posed to prolong this discussion, but I must
say that I did answer the question of the Sena-
tor from New York, as I thought, at least to
my own satisfaction. I thought the Senate
would have no difficulty in ascertaining and
determining what 1 meant by general legisla-
tion in the amendment that I offered upon the
suggestion of the Senator from Delaware. I
said distinctly that I meant by that to preclude
such a thing as this, to preclude moving a
steamship subsidy bill on the naval appropria-
tion bill, to preclude moving the dock-yard
bitl on the naval appropriation bill; and I
might have put another case, and I beg the
auention of my friend from New Yorkto it 
Mr. CONKL1NG. The Senator has my
attention all the time. _
Mr. TflURMAN. I mean to prevent, if T
can, the postal telegraph bill from being moved
as an amendment to the Post Office appro-
priation bill; but under the ruling suggested
by the Senator from Rhode Island who moves
this resolution, which meets the approval of
the Senator from New York, that postal tele-
graph bill can be moved as an amendment to
the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. CON KLIN G. Not at all.
Mr. THURMAN. I say it can with just as
much propriety as auy other of the cases to
which reference has been made, and we are to
be limited to five minutes' debate upon such a
proposition as that. Who does not know that
the moment that is attempted and ruled in by
a bare numerical majority of the Senate, if
nobody else did it, the Senator from New York
himself would move to indefinitely postpone
the appropriation bill in order to enable him
to debate that measure? Weallknowit; and
then your rule goes for nothing. ...
Mr. President, the more you consider it, the
more it will come back to that which I said in
the outset of my remaks upon this resolution.
You will not save one minute of time by the
adoption of this resolution. You can safely
trust to the sense of duty of the Senators on
this floor that they will not unnecessarily waste
time, and every rule that you make on this
subject only leads to a waste of time, for it
leads to discussion as to whether amendments
are within the rale or are not. The Senate has
always transacted the public business with the
least waste of time and in the best manner
when it had the fewest rules; and it always
W Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, this
resolution has two branches to it: the hrst
proposes to limit debate to five minutes; the
second proposes to allow amendments of a
certain character to appropriation bills. I his
latter branch of the resolutions an old
acquaintance in the Senate. We hadI th
very proposition before us at the last sess on,
and 1 apprehend that within the recollection
of every Senator here is the scene that took
place on the Friday night, I believe it was, be-
fore the adjournment of the Senate. U
the operation of the latter branc o
resolution, an amendment was introduced by
the Senator from Louisiana not now in his
seat, [Mr. Kelloog,] proposing to ingraft upon
an appropriation bill provisions which extuidtd
the Federal election laws to every election pre-
cinct in this whole land. As a matter of
course, such a proposition met with resistance
from this part of the House; and under the
operation of that rule which had been adopted,
but for the sagacity of the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Thurman] who moved an indefinite post-
ponement of the bill, we should have been
precluded frota expressing our opposition to
that measureJS.
Now, I 8siy after such a construction has
been given to the latter branch of this resolu-
tion, we should be derelict in duty to our-
selves, derelict in duty to the country, if we
did not make earnest, strenuous, decided, de-
termined opposition to this resolution which
is susceptible of a construction that may pre-
clude debate upon the most important meas-
ure, and that construction has been verified by
the action of the Senate to-day in voting down
and rejecting the amendment of my colleague.
His proposition in plain and unambiguous and
unmistakable terms was to exclude general
legislation ; and yet the Senate has refused to
adopt that. The inference and implication
from the action of the Senate is that they are
not^yilling that that shall be the case. t
s{Novr, sir, a word in reference to the first
branch of this resolution, which proposes to
limit debate. I believe, as has been said by
several gentlemen, that there ought to be a
limitation upon debate; but that limitation
ought not to rest in the rules of the Senate ; it
ought to rest in the sound discretion^ and
judgment of the members of this bodv.,v So far
as I am concerned individually 1 wut vote for
no rule that will preclude the expression of
opinion by any member of the Senate when he
may desire to do so. So far as I am concerned
the Senate will bear me witness that I obtrude
my opinions on any question but very seldom
on the Senate. Nevertheless I claim the right
as a Senator and I claim the right for every
other member of the Senate to express his
views as he in his own judgment thinks
is right and proper. Discussion, and some-
times discussion for a longer period than that
proposed to be allowed here, is necessary.
'Jvhat is the character of legislation _ that
conies here? It comes from the committee-
rooms. A large majority of the members of
the Senate are unfamiliar with the bill, know
nothing of the reasons which have actuated the
committee in reporting it, and therefore dis-
cussion becomes ncccssary for the enlighten-
ment of the body and for the proper under-
standing of the measure by the members of the
Senate themselves. I am therefore opposed
to a restriction upon debate, if gentlemen
wish to debate any proposition, because I say
that discussion is necessary to a proper under-
standing by the Senate of the measures which
are proposed. Besides, proper discussion is
necessary also for the enlightenment ot the
countnCkThose whom we represent have a
right toknow something of the reasons which
prompt and carry forward the legislation which
is proposed and consummated in this Capitol.
How are they to understand it unless the rea-
sons for that legislation in this Chamber and m
the other House are assigned and go out to the
country that they may see the reasons and the
necessity for the laws under which they are to
live? .
Therefore I say, that no matter what agree-
ment there may be so far as the character of
the amendments proposed is concerned, 1 will
not, vote for this resolution while it contains a
provision-proposing to limit debate upon any
measure. 41 have said that I believe there
ought to be a limitation, and that limitation
ought not to rest in written rules, it ought to
rest in the sound judgment and discretion of
Senators; and never while I have a seat in
this body will I vote to adopt any rule by the
body which shall preclude the humblest mem-
ber on this floor from expressing his advocacy
of or his opposition to any measure which is
brought forward in the Seuat£>
The PlifiSIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter.) vfhe question is on agreeing to the
amendment proposed 'by the Senator frota
Ohio, [Mr. Tiiurman, japon which the yeas
and* nays have been oraered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas '23, nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis, Fonton, Ferry of Connecticut, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, John-
ston, Kelly, M:tchen, Norwood, Kioe, Saulsbary,
Sohurz, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
Viokers, and Wilson—25$.
NAYS—Messrs. Amos, Anthony, Boreman, Uar-
nuysen, vjruporc, .naumii, iuuitiu ui vcimv,m, >K,
Ramsey, Robertson, Sherman, Sprague, West, and
Windom—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Cameron. Clayton, Harlan, Hill,
Ilitutioock, Howe, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maiuo,
Morton, Osborn, Patterson. Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,
Ransom, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer. Stevenson, Stew-
attsjSumner, and Wright—'£!.
(The VICE PRESIDENT. On this ques-
tion the yeas are 23 and the nays 23. The
Chair votes in the negative, and the amend-
ment is disagreed taA
Mr. TRUMBUEL. Mr. President, objec-
tion was made to the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Delaware that it would de-
prive the Senate of the power of guarding the
appropriations. Now I wish to offer an amend-
ment for the purpose of accomplishing the
same object, which I think will not be obnox-
ious to that objection. My amendment is to
insert after the word ''bill" the words "in
the disposition, limitation, and protection of
the same so as to make that part of the reso-
lution read :
And no amendment to any such bill making legis-
lative provisions, other than suoh as directly relate
to the appropriations contained in the bill, in tno
disposition, limitation, and protection of the same, ,
shall be received.
Now, Mr. President, I hope there will be 110
objection to inserting those words; and then
it excludes general legislation unless it relates
to ail appropriation 111 the bill, in the disposi-
tion, limitation, or protection of the sum ap-
propriated. What possible objection can there
be to that ? We want to cut off general legis-
lation. The Senator from RFiode Island has
objected to the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Delaware, that under it we could
not guard the appropriations. If these words
are inserted the rule will allow an amendment
that will guard and protect and dispose of the
sum appropriated, but it will not allow general
legislation unless it relates to the appropria-
tion and to disposing of it, or protecting it, or
guarding it in some way. I hope there will be
no objection to the amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted. The resolution is very
0lMr. TRUMBULL. I ask what possible
objection the Senator from Rhode Island has
to this amendment if it answers the objection
he made to the other?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment, of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull.] „
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I did not
think' it worth while to give reasons for my
amendment when last up, beyond what I did
when I advocated the amendment at first.
The Senator from Illinois has now offered an
amendment which expressly and carefully
omits every objection that was urged here
against the amendment that I offered, and
which has just been lost by the casting vote
of the Vice President. _
It is stated by the friends of _ this resolution
that they desire to avoid a vicious feature in
legislation, which has heretofore too much pre*
vailed, of making general appropriation bills
the vehicles of all sorts of unexpected, ill-con-
sidered, immature legislation. In other words,
they propose that an appropriation bill shall
be in fact what it is in profession, a mere
assignment of money to meet the expenses
