1382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
therein referred to. That is what an appro-
priation bill is in its professed nature. It
simply appropriates moneys in the Treasury
to meet expenses which have been ascertained
and defined ; that is all—a mere money bill,
not a political bill, not a bill to affect general
legislation, but a mere bill to find money for a
Certain end or a certain number of specified
ends. And yet when it was proposed that the
amendments which were properly germane to
that bill should be restricted so that the pro-
fessed intent of the bill should not be violated,
it would seem that the Senate, not by a major-
ity, but by the aid of the easting vote of the
Yice President, has decided that such a restric-
tion should not occur.
I do not mean to detail all the objections
urged by the Senator from New York to the
amendment offered by me; but their general
nature was that the amendment was too broad,
that it excluded the possibility of the Senate
molding the appropriations to fit the form of
the object for which the appropriations were
designed, and that he conceived that, because
of the want of that power, there would be some-
thing in the character of general legislation
necessary to effectuate the object of the ap
propriations. Well, sir, without now discuss-
ing a question that has been voted upon, I
can only say tha,t the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois removes all just grounds of
objection which were urged to the amendment
which I offered and which has been passed
upon.
. .Here, then, is a carefully worded amend-
ment, intended to exclude such classes of
amendments as are not just matters of appro-
priation, and to exclude just such classes of
amendments as affect other objects than the
appropriation of money to pay the necessary
expenses of the Government. If there is to be
on this subject anything like avote on the part
of the majority to correspond with their pro-
fessions, this is about as good an opportunity
to make it known as we shall find in the course
of the debate. Otherwise, that uucertamty
which is the cover for a great deal of wrong
will be understood to have been left in the res-
olution by the distinct and affirmative vote of
those who have the controlling influence in
this body. With them must rest the respons-
ibility, as they have the power.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays, and{hey were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Cooper, Davis,
Fonton, Ferry of Connecticut, Uoldthwaite, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Johnston,
Kelly, Maohen, Norwood, Rice, Sanlshury, Sehurz,
Stevenson, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vick-
ers—21.
NAYS —Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, ConklinK, Cra-
gin, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Fre-
linghuysen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe,
Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Ramsey, Robert-
son, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
West, Wilson, and Wright—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Brownlow,
Caldwell, Casserly, Clayton, Corbett, Harlan, Hill,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Osborn, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Ransom, Spencer, Stockton,
Sumner, and Windom—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not desirous of
making a pertinacious contest against what
seems to be the determination of the majority
of this body; but at the same time I have a
duty to perform. However disagreeable it may
be to me or to others that I should seem to
persist in my opposition to this rule, I am
obliged to offer one further amendment. The
object of the amendment is in part to meet, the
point made by the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Conkling.] It was a point that pressed
me more than a little at the time. If I remem-
ber it correctly, it was to this effect: that some
of the amendments presented upon our side or
some of the views urged would have the effect
of depriving the Senate of the power to make
amendments providing for the disposition of
the appropriations in an appropriation bill.
In other words, where the Senate desired to
apply money in a different way from that now
provided by law, it ought to beat liberty so to
do. I recognize that position fully. Nothing
can be plainer in all this matter than that the
Senate ought to be free to make changes as to
the disposition of appropriations. All such
legislation as that is not only necessary in it-
self, but it is entirely unobjectionable, aud it is
not legislation which in any sense falls under
the objection to general legislation which has
no bearing except in a very indirectand remote
way upon the subject of appropriations,
whether contained in the bill or otherwise.
1 am sure, sir, that we shall be saving time
by seWlipg this question now, if settled it can
be. \Tbe Chair remembers, and Senators
around me remember, the long hours of ses-
sion that followed the ruling of the Chair
and the decision of the Senate sustaining his
ruling in regard to the so-called bayonet elec-
tion law amendment that was then offered—
hours which never would have been so con-
sumed but for the conviction on the part of
the minority that a very great wrong had been
committed under color of the decision of a
point of order. We shall gain nothing in
point of time if under this rule a similar thing
should again be attempted, for it will again
be debated, and means will be found within
the legitimate and recognized rules of parlia-
mentary proceeding to have very full debate
and very thorough discussion*"*
I will say, sir, in reference to some remarks
of the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. An-
thony,] that I have looked over, as far as I
could, the debate on the sundry civil bill at
the last session, aud I have found decisions
made or referred to directly in accordance
with what I said in the course of that debate—I
speak of the debate running over three or four
days on the civil appropriation bill. The Sen-
ator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy, ] during a
part of that debate, was in the chair, and more
than once he ruled out amendments on the
very ground for which we are now contending.
I have not been able to examine the debate
from beginning to end, but so far as I have
gone my recollection is corroborated.
The amendment that I now offer comes in
at the end of the proposed rule. It is the
amendment of the Senator from Delaware
nearest me, [Mr. Bayard,] adding to his
amendment certain words of my. own, so that
the whole will read :
Bat nothing herein contained shall be construed
to authorize amendments in the nature of general
legislation unless where the amendment directly
affects the appropriation by reducing it or increas-
ing it, or by providing for the application of it.
It seems to me that meets the difficulty sug-
gested by the Senator from New York. I
think it leaves the Seuatefree to deal with the
subject of an appropriation in the bill in any
manner that it can require to be dealt with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from California.
Mr. CASSERLY called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. On this question the Sen-
ator from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] is
paired with the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Morrill.] The Senator from New Jersey, if
present, would vote "yea," and the Senator
from Maine "nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas '20, nays 38 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Ca&serly, Cooper,
Davis, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, John-
ston, Machen, Rice, Saulsbury, Sohurz, Stevenson,
Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vickers—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, CurbeU.Cragiii, Edmuuds, Ferry of Mich-
igan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamlin,
Hitchcock, Howe, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Pat-
terson, Pool, Ramsey, Robertson. Sawyer, Scott,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, West, Wilson, and Win-
dom—33.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Brownlow,
Clayton, Harlan, Hill, Kelij, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Morion, Norwood, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Pratt, Ransom, Spencer, Stockton, Sumner, and
Wright—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. VICKERS. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in at the end of the resolution.
Provided, That the part of the resolution relating
to legislative provisions shall not apply to the naval
appropriation bill now under consideration by the
Senate.
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Anthony] and myself this morning virtually
agreed to the object proposed by this amend-
ment. I hope we shall have consent to it now.
The naval appropriation bill has been under
consideration for two days and members have
had the opportunity of offering certain amend-
ments to it. If this resolution is passed it will
cut off members from offering further amend-
ments to that bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator will
withdraw the amendment. Most of the amend-
ments to the naval bill have been made, aud
there is no necessity for making a qualification
to this rule about it.
Mr. VICKERS. If it is the understanding
of the Senate that members may have the
opportunity of offering amendments to that
bill notwithstanding the passage of this reso-
lution, I withdraw the amendment. That
seemed to be the understanding on the part of
the Senator from Rhode Island and myself
this morning, and I do not think that my col-
league intended to interfere with that arrange-
ment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I am
opposed to this proposition of my colleague;
but then I think that my colleague will have
no difficulty in offering the amendment that
he desires to present to the naval appropria-
tion bill. I suppose nobody will object to his
offering it now and having it passed over. It
is a small amendment; it does not amount
to much ; and in that way he need not except
that bill from the operation of this rule if it is
to be adopted.
Mr. ANTHONY. I shall vote against the
amendment of the Senator from Maryland to
this resolution, although I am quite willing
that there should be such an understanding,
and I certainly shall not object to any amend-
ment he desires to offer to the naval appropri-
ation bill, and those opposed to it can vote to
lay it on the table after he has made his re-
marks. I cannot speak for others, but I shall
vote against this amendment or any other
amendment to the resolution.
Mr. VICKERS. My object is to have an
opportunity to offer a small amendment to the
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. A per-
sonal amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator state
what his amendment is ?
Mr. VICKERS. 1 will read it:
That the act of Congress approved December 21,
1861, entitled "An act to further promote the effi-
ciency of the Navy," and the act approved June
25,1864, entitled "An act to amend the act of 21st
December, 1861, entitled 'An act to further promote
the efficiency of the Navy,' " shall not be construed
to retire any officer before sixty-two years of age.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
that amendment being offered to the bill.
Mr. VICKERS. I will only state that under
the law as it is now construed an officer who
serves forty-five years may be retired at the
age of sixty-one, while one who serves a much
shorter term will not be retired until he is
sixty-two.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No one will object to
that, being proposed.
Mr. VICKERS. It is merely to equalize
matters.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to know
this bargain that is being made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is no bargain at all.
