J8T3.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
42d Cong..,.3d Sbss.
Sutro Tunnel—Mr. Banks.
Ho. op Reps.
the facta. It is still, however, contended that
as this money is to be paid to the United States,
and not by designation to its " citizens," there
can be no subrogation of an insurer where the
insured can have no claim. This proceeds
upon the theory that might makes right. Yet
even thus stated the precedents are the other
way.
The truth is, this Government in law and
equity and good conscience, except so far as
to pay for its own property which may have
been destroyed, must receive this Geneva
award as a trustee for its citizens whose
demands entered into the estimate of the
award, insurers as well as others.
Mr. MAYNARD. Including foreign insur-
ance companies?
Mr. L. MYBES. Including all insurance
companies incorporated and authorized to
transact business in this country. The British
board of trade recognized the rights of
"American insurance companies," and I
believe there were none other. The balance,
if any, will be at the absolute disposal of the
Government, and might well be paid, as I
hope it will, toward the claims for enhanced
insurance which the United States presented
to England. That the award was for indi-
vidual and not what were known as "national"
losses is confirmed by Mr. Davis in his dispatch
to Secretary Pish of September 21,1872, after
the last named losses had been excluded from
consideration :
"¥e therefore devoted our energies toward se-
curing such a sum as should be practically an
indemnity to the sufferers."
IS or will the nice distinction that the award
in gross is to " the United States," without
any assertion of a trust, avail. The case of
Gracie vs. The New York Insurance Company
(8 Johnson R., 237) demolishes this proposi-
tion. That was a case of abandonment after,
a capture, and final condemnation by the
courts of France. One question was, whether
the jury were at liberty to deduct from the
total loss the value of the spes recuperandi.
The court held that they were not. Mr. Chief
Justice Kent, in delivering the opinion of the
court, said:
" If France should at any future period agree to,
and actually make compensation for the capture
and condemnation in question, the Government of
the United States, to whom the compensation would,
in the first instance, be payable, would become
trustee for the party having the equitable title to
the reimbursement; and this would clearly be the
defendants (the underwriters) if they should pay
the amount."
Thus far I have merely stated the history of
this award, and the plain principles of law
which govern its distribution. But what shall
be said of us, if having the power in our own
hands, as is contended, we fail to do justice?
In what does the question differ here from that
involved in the treaty of 1831, by which France
paid to the "United States" twenty-five million
francs for reclamations by its citizens, to dis-
tribute "in the manner and according to the
rules which it shall determine." No such rule
was applied then. By the Florida treaty the
United States undertook to pay such reclama-
tions of our citizens upon Spain to the extent
of $5,000,000, and the distribution of this sum
being entirely within ourown direction, no such
exclusion was dreamed of, nor did the Supreme
Court sanction such a view of the rights of in-
surers. Nor when Great Britain, by the Jay
treaty, made compensation to our citizens for
spoliations upon our commerce, did she con-
tend for such a perversion of justice. I do not
believe an enlightened public judgment will
approve it now. If it be true, as contended by
the Judiciary Committee, that these claims of
the insurer cannot be enforced, I reply in the
language of Judge Story, in Comegys vs. Vasse:
" With reference to mere municipal law he may
be without remedy, but with reference to prin-
ciples of international law he has a right both
upon the justice of his own and the foreign
sovereign."
The business of insurance is as legitimate
and honorable as any other. Much is said
about the banishment of our commerce from
the seas during tho rebellion, yet had it not
been for the marine insurers many more
American vessels would have sought the pro-
tection of a foreign flag. Now, however,
when neutral England acknowledges her
wrong, giving indemnity to the extent which a
chosen tribunal has indicated for permitting
depredations upon that commerce, we are
asked to exclude from that indemnity the
insurers who paid the loss. Let us have a
care lest by pronouncing, as the majority
report does, that the insurers speculated
on these depredations, we drive their business
away as illegal. No greater harm could
happen to the ship-owners or merchants, or in
fact to the citizen, than to discountenance insur-
ance by the doctrine that insurers cannot be
subrogated except upon showing that their
profits generally do not exceed their loss in the
particular instance claimed upon. The wealth
of individuals in this country is seldom enough
to permit their becoming their own under-
writers. The ancient law of " Hotch-pot" is
to be invoked and applied to insurers. If this
principle is established, you may with equal
reason make an uninsured owner exhibit and
deduct the profits on his vessels which have
escaped before paying him for any loss. They
must forsooth by this bill bring in not alone
their profits, deducting expenses, but show
"that the war premium actually received
by them did not equal in amount the losses
paid by them," before they can get anything.
Salaries, necessary outlays, dividends to stock-
holders, which these premiums may have paid,
must all in effect be deducted; and then what?
Then—if the premiums for war risks do not,
with the other preferred claims, eat up the
entire fund—then the insurers shall have the
balance thus struck. Frequently the amount
of the war premiums are included in the policy
and returned to the insured, but where this was
not the case it is right and proper this premium
should be deducted from the loss paid'by the
insurer.
Something has been said of protection to our
seamen. None had more meritorious claims j
nor have they been forgotten. It will be noticed
that Mr. Staempfli allowed them in lieu of
prospective catch one year's wages, $588,000,
besides giving to the owners of the whalers,
most of whom "were seamen, twenty-five per
cent, on the value of vessels, or $400,000, and
a claim of $659,021 for secured earnings, all
these sums bearing interest.
The second and third sections of the bill
give to officers and crews their wages earned
and amount of losses sustained, to which I
would add interest, as I think should be done
upon every claim allowed. It is alleged that
the surplus on account of the payment in gold
with interest and other amounts beyond the
conceded demands arising from the "mean"
struck between Mr. Staempfli'sand Sir Alexan-
der Cockburn's estimates will leave five or six
millions in the Treasury. Let this surplus be
paid to the claimants for increased insurance
or war premiums after distribution pro rata for
the losses which were assented to and included
in the Geneva award. This pro rata division,
of course, should comprise Government as well
as private vessels, cargoes, and property cap-
tured, destroyed and lost by the Alabama and
Florida and their tenders, and by the Shenan-
doah, the depredations of which cruisers alone
entered into the award. A commission or
the courts could best ascertain and direct this
distribution. But if Congress is to designate
it, I only ask that we shall do justice.
Sutro Tunnel.
SPEECH OF HON. N. P. BANKS,
of massachusetts,
In the House of Representatives,
February 13,1873.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. It. No. 1173) to aid in the construction of the
Sutro tunnel from the proceeds of the sale of
mineral lands, together with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute-
Mr. BANKS said:
Mr. Speaker : This bill provides that for
the purpose of aiding in the construction of
the Sutro tunnel the United States will make
a loan of $2,000,000 to the company, pro-
vided that at the same time the company shall
expend an equal sum upon this work.
Mr. MBRRIAM. I would like to know if
there cannot be some arrangement made by
which members outside of this committee
shall have an opportunity to discuss this bill.
Mr. BANKS. So far as the House is willing
to permit discussion, the committee desire it to
take place. It is not my purpose to curtail
debate by calling the previous question.
This bill provides that all the property and
franchises of this company of every character
shall be mortgaged to the United States as a
security for the repayment of the loan. The
company has already expended one and a
half million dollars on this work. I am in-
formed by gentlemen connccted with the Gov-
ernment, members of both Houses of Con-
gress of the highest character, who have
themselves visited the premises, that the
operations of the company appear to have
been carried on in good faith, and that the
amount of work done, and money expended,
is far beyond what was represented to them
by those interested in this work, before they
visited the premises. Its cost will be about
five to six million dollars. Of this sum one
and a half million has already been expended.
If the loan now asked shall be granted two
millions more must be raised by the company
in compliance with the provisions of this bill.
The company will therefore expend three and
a half to four million dollars at least-for the
completion of the work, the whole of which
will be mortgaged to the Government in secur-
ity for the payment of the loan of $2,000,000.
This bill also provides that half of all that
is received as royalties by the company after
the construction of the tunnel shall be paid
to the United States to reimburse the Govern-
ment for the aid solicited. It does not pro-
pose an immediate appropriation of money,
but it will be rather an agreement on the part
of the Government to aid the company in the
construction of this work on the conditions 1
have stated.
If hereafter Congress shall appropriate the
money to carry out this engagement, the two
Houses of Congress will have an opportunity,
through the report of commissioners after
each payment for the construction of five hun-
dred feet of this tunnel, to ascertain exactly
the condition of the work, the prospect of
its early completion, and the fulfillment of the
conditions imposed upon the company.
There was no member of this House less in-
clined to support a measure of this kind than
I was when it was presented to me as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Mines and Mining. I
had no desire to be on that committee. I had
no interest in and no knowledge of this work,
and I was not favorably disposed to it as it
was at first presented to my mind. But upon
examination, careful and thorough examina-
tion of the testimony and the report connected
with the case, I am constrained to say that I
think it one of the most important meas-
ures ever presented to the Congress of the
