1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
stituuona to their foundation. In these States
are from three to four millions of our fellow-
citizens hitherto destitute of all means of com-
mon school education. They have been
obliged to seek abroad from out their own
limits the information which the experience
of other States and other countries can give
them.
Now, will a Government which expends
$300,000 a year to enable the beet seeds, the
turnip seeds, and the other seeds raised in one
portion of the country to be sent to the other
portions where they are needed grudge this
little sum of $36,000 to enable the educational
ideas of St Louis, Wisconsin, Vermont, and
Massachusetts, to be carried where they are
needed, to the States and to the race which
lately have been without this institution of
education ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations have reported for
this Bureau of Education an appropriation of
about $39,000. That fact, and the fact that
the House is willing to allow that amount to
be appropriated without question, is a suffi-
cient answer to the reproach that is made that
we do not care for the educational interests
of the country. Sir, we do care for those
interests, but we do say that there ought to be
some limit to the expansion of this bureau.
Mr. HOAR. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia will allow me to say that I made no
such reproach.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman asked,
will the House do this and will the House do
that, thereby implying that if the House does
do it, it is a matter of reproach. Now, we
do appropriate liberally for this bureau. It is
not the thirty or forty thousand dollars appro-
priated by this bill that we object to, but what
we object to is that year by year the officers of
this bureau come here, and on various pre-
tenses seek to increase the amoant of the
appropriations for this purpose.
Within the last fonr years the appropriations
have sprung up from $6,000 to $40,000, and
here is a proposition to carry it up to $50,000.
Mr. DUN NELL. This amendment will
only make the whole amount $47,000.
Mr. SARGENT^, Next year there will be
a proposition to increase the appropriation to
$60,000, and in five years from now this
bureau will demand to be made a department
of the Government, and that the man who runs
it, the man who is at its head, shall sit in the
Cabinet.
Now, what are the items embraced in this
amendment? If they were designed to carry
the seeds of knowledge to the benighted parts
of the country, if that were really the object,
if this appropriation were for the purpose of
distributing those seeds, and not for the mere
purpose of providing machinery, there might
be more force in the arguments of gentlemen
who favor it. But they come here and want
a superintendent of the folding-room of the
bureau.
Here is a little bureau, the whole appropri-
ation for which, as provided in the bill, is less
than $40,000, and for which, if the amend-
ment be adopted, the appropriation will be
less than $50,000, and they come here and j
ask for a superintendent of a folding-room.
Now we have a superintendent of the folding-
room of the House of Representatives, where
we send out hundreds of thousands of docu-
ments every year, and here such an officer is
necessary and in order. But when the gentle-
man who is so desirous of having this amend-
ment adopted was asked who there was for
the superintendent of Che folding-room of this
bureau to superintend, he said substantially
that he would have to superintend himself
He does all the work himself. Why then not
call him a laborer instead of a superintendent?
Why, because if you call him a laborer instead
of a superintendent his pay will be only half
what it would be if you called him a superin-
tendent. He must be called a superintendent
in order to increase his pay, and that is the
way that everything is magnified.
We are told, furthermore, that there is a
library belonging to this institution, and that
a librarian is necessary. I am told that that
library, including manuscripts, pamphlets, and
books, contains only three thousand volumes
or papers ; but it is not a circulating library, it
is not a library in which an account has to be
kept against whoever draws a volume; it is
simply a library for the use of the Commis-
sioner. What ig the necessity for an addi-
tional officer called a librarian, to be paid
$1,800 per annum for sitting there and watch-
ing those books, which are not accessible to
anybody except the Commissioner and his
; assistant?
' And then, not satisfied with that, they come
in here and ask for an additional clerk of class
one—another $1,2001 If this clerk of class
one were to act as librarian, if this extra duty
in the library were to be assigned to him, it
would be another thing. Then they want
more copyists, more laborers, more watch-
men. They want to expand in every direc-
tion. When we resist this, when we say
that these bureaus ought not to grow up so
rapidly, when we give them, as we have done
heretofore, an ample sum to carry out their
legitimate purposes, they ought not to come
here and lobby with members, and insist that
their operations shall be extended year by
year until these bureaus grow into the magni-
tude of departments.
I Why, sir, the only value of this Bureau of
Education, as I understand, is in the distribu-
: tion of a certain book. I will not undervalue
the report of that bureau; but how often is
' that report to be repented? In how many
new phases are the same ideas to be put
forward year after year? If the Govern-
ment should offer a premium of twenty or
thirty thousand dollars or the amount ap-
propriated in this bill for this bureau, nearly
$40,000, for the best educational essay giving
the most information upon this subject, is
it to be doubted that a book equally valu-
able with this report could be obtained ?
Who can doubt that for one half the amount
of our appropriation for this bureau, for
$20,000, a report or an essay containing as
valuable information as the report of this
bureau would be put at the disposal of the
Government? But no ; that is not what is
wanted. These officers want men under them.
They want to be centurions ; they want to be
superintendents; they want to have rooms full
of clerks. They look across the way and see
the windows of a Department more crowded
than the windows of the Bureau of Education,
and their souls are sad.
Now, if a good report has been made here-
tofore by an annual appropriation of $40,000
or thereabouts, let us have as good a report
for next year. That is what the committee
contemplated, and I do not believe that an
additional appropriation of $10,000 will make
enough improvement in the character of the
report to warrant the expenditure.
Mr. PERCE. I rise for the purpose of say-
ing but a very few words. It has been charged
upon the Bureau of Education that from year
to year it has expanded. Now, sir, some few
years ago this bureau was established with one
commissioner and one clerk—as has been stated
by gentlemen opposing the amendment—its
office was in the third story of some public
building, and from these small dimensions it
has increased to its present importance. By
way of answer to this charge, if it be one, I
say that if this bureau is to be worth anything
at all to the Government it must expand from
year to year, increasing as time goes on in the
good it does, not only to this country, but to the
whole world.
The gentleman from California [Mr. Sar-
gent] seems to be filled with amazement
because an amendment is offered adding to
the force of the Bureau of Education a " su-
perintendent of the folding room ;" and he
asks why should not this officer be called a
"laborer?" Sir, the only person now en-
gaged in the bureau who can be employed
in folding the documents that are distributed
by it, which amount in number to something
between sixty and seventy thousand, and
are separately folded, is a messenger who,
according to the statement ot the Commis-
sioner of the Bureau of Education, has during
the last year worked upon an average fourteen
hours a day. This superintendent of the fold-
ing-room will fold these documents and relieve
the person now acting as a messenger from
double duty.
i Again, sir, the gentleman quarrels with the
amendment so far as it relates to the library.
, Upon a superficial statement of the character
of that library it would perhaps seem that a
librarian is not necessary. But the library of
the Bureau of Education is an entirely singu
lar one. It is made up from month to month
and year to year by reports coming in from all
parts of this country and all parts of the civil-
ized world. These reports have to be col-
lated, bound, and indexed, and therefore the
services of a librarian of experience and ability
are necessary.
Mr. NIBLACK. I understand one of the
chief values of the reports which the Commis-
sioner of Education makes from year to year
is in the information afforded to foreign Gov-
ernments. If that be true, ought we not to
make it a part of the State Department, which
has communication with foreign nations and
transacts the business of our foreign Depart-
ment ? Ought we to keep it up for domestic
purposes when it seems its chief value is the
information furnished in reference to foreign
Governments?
Mr. PERCE. It is entirely domestic in its
character. It is intended for the purpose of
aiding in the building up of the various sys-
tems of education in the several States. To
that end it gathers in information from all
part of the world, in order that that inform-
ation may be conveyed to those who have the
actual control of educational matters in the
different States.
Mr. NIBLACK. Ought it not to be a part
of the State Department?
Mr. PERCE. The gentleman will excuse
me for not answering further, as his question
is entirely foreign to the subject before the
committee.
Mr. NIBLACK. What I wish to impress
on the House is that if this is valuable only
for foreign Governments rather than for
domestic purposes, it ought to be made a part
of the Department of State.
Mr. PERCE. I do Dot yield to the gentle-
man. I have no further remarks to make.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,]
who replied to my remarks, seems to believe,
indeed he does believe, as is evident from his
whole course and conduct in this House, that
the Congress of the United States has the
right to do whatever it pleases with or for the
several States, provided, however, it takes its
examples and copies from the State of Massa-
chusetts. He would have Congress make laws
for the people of all of the States. He would
have Congress enforce its particular scheme
of education in the several States, provided it
followed the peculiar ideas of Massachusetts.
He is a Federalist; I am not. He believes in
centralization; I do not. He believes the
Government was made for the purpose of feed-
ing and clothing and shoeing and educating
the people, and taking care of the temporal
and spiritual interests of everybody, without
regard to State lines or State rights : I do not.
He told us that this bureau had shed its
light into the darkness of Japan. That Japan
had by imperial decree established a school
system. I do not know what he intended by
this reference to Japan, unless it was an
