1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
138S
Mr. VICKERS. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the bargain ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand the bar
gain is that the Senator from Maryland shall
have an opportunity to offer to the naval ap-
propriation bill the amendment which he has
just read, and we are to vote as we choose
on it.
Mr. THURMAN. That is, if the rule shall
be adopted, he shall have that opportunity.
That is the bargain! The consideration is
not enough. [Laughter.]
Mr. VICKB RS. With permission, I offer the
amendment now, and if the rule is adopted
it will not apply to the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nobody will make ob-
jection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland gives notice that when
the naval appropriation bill is taken up for
consideration he will offer the amendment
which he has stated.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to inter-
fere in this matter, but I suggest that for the
safety of the Senator from Maryland a better
understanding for him to have would be that
his amendment may be considered as offered
now.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. That is
understood; it shall be considered as offered
now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution offered by
the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Stockton] is paired with the Sen-
ator from Maine, .[Mr. Morrill,] and the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Stevenson] U paired
with the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Scott.] The Senator from New Jersey and
the Senator from Kentucky, if present, would
vote against the resolution, and the Senator
from Maine and the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania in favor of it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 3(3, nays 20 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler,
Clayton, Cole, Crinkling, Corbet,t.. Cragin. Mmunds,
Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Frehnghuysen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe,
Logan, Morrill ol Vermont, Nye, Patterson, Fool,
Pratt, ltamsey, Robertson, Sawyer, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, West, and Windoin 36.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Coopct,
Davis, Fenton, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Johnston, Kelly, Maohen, Nor-
wood, Rice, Saulsbury, Sehurz, Thurman, Tipton,
Trumbull, and Vickers—20. ,
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn. Brownlow, liarlan,
Hill, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Ransom. Scott, Spencer, Stevenson,
Stockton, Sumner, Wilson, and Wright 17.
So the resolution was adopted.
message from the hocsk.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
thecommittee of conference on the bill (H. tt.
No. 2703) to provide a building suited to the
use of the custom-house, post office, the pen-
sion and revenue officers, and the judicial
officers of the United States, in the city ot
Memphis, Tennessee.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 3954) to relieve William
Smith, of Fauquier county, Virginia, ot his
political disabilities ; and .
A bill (H. R. No. 3952) to authorize he
accounting officers of the Treasury to set e
accounts of Charles T. Brown and J. J. S.
Haesler, late agents for the Chippewa !ndian?
of Minnesota, on the grounds of equity and
justice.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (H R. No. 2053) authorizing the
nomination and appointment to the retired list
of the Navy of certain volunteers on the active
list of the Navy who are disabled in conse-
quence of wounds received during the late
war; and
A bill (H. R. No. 872) to provide for the
sale of certain New York Indian lands in
Kansas.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the naval appro-
priation bill, and upon that I wish to remark
that there is an abundance of time this after-
noon before we reach the ordinary hour of
adjournment to get through with that bill.
We have passed through all the amendments
that are offered by the Committee on Appro-
priations and by other committees, as I un-
derstand, and I apprehend there will be 110
other amendment of any importance, none
that will lead to discussion, and we can as well
get through this bill in the next half hour as
to delay it until Monday. I hope the Senate
will stand by and let us dispose of the bill this
evening.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the Senate had
better take up the resolution fixing the hour
of meeting of the Senate at eleven o'clock,
and thus economize our time and gain an
hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California yield for that purpose 'I
Mr. COLE. No ; I would rather not take
that up at present. I do not think we need
meet at eleven o'clock for a few days yet. I
know there are some committees that have a
great deal of work to do which they have to
perform before the hour of twelve each day.
and if we get through with this biU to-night
and make good progress on other bills, per-
haps we shall not have to meet at eleven
o'clock more than a very few days.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think it would be the
wisest thing we could do to meet at eleven
o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. We want to go through
the Calendar.
Mr. HAMLIN. We have business enough
here. The committees need consider no new
business after to-day. We have various ques-
tions here to be acted on. There is the ques-
tion that Senators from the western States
desired so much to discuss this morning, of
the two per cent. fund. There are a variety
of questions to which we could wisely and
appropriately devote our time in the Senate.
I hope the Senate will take up the resolution
and fix the hour of meeting at eleven o clock.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Maine cer-
tainly cannot allude to the Committee on
Appropriations when be asserts that the com-
mittees are through with their business.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir. I said new busi-
n8Mr. COLE. That which comes from the
House, so far as that committee is concerned,
is in the nature of new business, as a matter
of course. I hope we shall proceed with the
naval appropriation bill and get through with
it to-night, and thus relieve some business
that we need to pass very much.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of the naval appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 33ol)
making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending June 30, 1874, and for
orher purposes, the pending question being on
the amendment of Mr. Cragin.
Mr. CRAGIN. I shall detain the Senate
but a very few minutes in bringing out a fact
connected with this amendment which was not
fully understood yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator that, under the rule now
adopted, five minutes is the limit for speaking
in the Senate on an amendment to an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. CRAGIN. This amendment, so far as
it relates to the increased pay of retired offi-
cers, does not apply to the entire retired list.
I beg Senators to understand that. It only
applies to those who were honorably retired,
so to speak. It only applies to those who
were retired on account of age or length of
service and those who were retired in conse-
quence of wounds or other disability incurred
in the line of their duty. It does not apply to
those who were retired for any fault of their
own; and in looking at the Nafy Register, Sen-
ators will see there are quite a number who
were retired because they failed to pass exam-
inations when they were entitled topromotion,
and for other causes, who will not be affected
by this amendment. It is undoubtedly true,
as I stated yesterday, that if this amendment
prevails, it will not increase the expenses
of the Government more than $70,000 per
annum.
I will ask the Clerk to read a letter written
to me on this subject by Commodore Ammeti,
the chief of the Bureau of Navigation, and
who knows more on this subject than any other
officer. I will not detain the Senate further.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Secretary
will read the letter.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
[Unofficial.]
Bureau of Navigation, Navy Department,
Washington, iebruarul, 187.1.
MV dkar Sir : I trust a lino from me in rotation
to making retired officers of tho Navy ineligible tor
duty in time of pe,-.ce will not bore you.
In this bureau 1 am made painfully aware of tho
Persia tenoe with which retired officers urge being put
"on duty." and through their influential friends. I
need hardly add that to a certain extent their efiorts
are successful, and that this fact makes many ot them
the more persistent and unreasonable m urging ana
importuning, on every possible pretext, bomg placed
on duty because others were or had been on former
&<With the provision kindly, and I think justly,
added by your committee, placing thom on the samp
footing with retired Army officers, they should, and
I think would, feel satisfied and grateful; nor would
this provision entail any material expense on the
Government, and possibly might m fact be the
As before stated, a cortain number of them suc-
ceed in being put on duty, and many more may, m
the event of having another Secretary of the INavy
t.u0 event OI uaviug iiuuvuvi
thus making an increased instead ot a
expense, as compared with what would be if the bill
were passed forbidding employment of retired
officerg, and giving thorn an increased retired i>ay, or
at least such of them as had been worthily retired.
I beg to present these facts for yourkmd consider-
ation. and to assure you that the opinion expressed
is shared by my colleagues, the chiets of the dinerent
bureaus, and by other officers of rank generally. ,
Very respectfully, DA1(IBL AMMBN_
Hon. A. H. Cragin, United States Senate.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask the Clerk also to read
an cxtract from a letter from Admiral Porter.
Mr. COLE. 1 hope the rule in reference
to five minutes' debate will be enforced. _
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will see that the rule is enforced.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Washington, D. C.„ February 5,1873. _
Dear Sir: I beg that you will permit one who'is
personally not interested to give an opinion in rela-
tion to a matter affecting the efficiency of the Navy
and the comfort of a certain class of officers.
I refer to the bill lately reported by the Naval
Committee in regard to retired officers. II that bill
is passed as it was reported by the committee it will
be of moro service to the Navy than any bill pro-
posed for years.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I do not,
understand that the five-minutes rule is
to apply to this bill. No motion has been
made to that effect.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator who
has charge of the bill will make it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No such
motion has been made.
