84
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
[February 13 j
Ho. of Reps.
Sutro Tunnel—Mr. Banks.
42b Cong....3d
United States. I believe that if, apart from
all questions of interest or of constitutional
power, the members of this House could care-
fully and thoroughly consider the question in
all its bearings, very few would vote against it.
But I know, of course, that it is a difficult mat-
ter to get the attention of the House, and still
more difficult to enable gentlemen in the press
of public business to comprehend thoroughly
a measure so complicated and novel as this.
To gentlemen on the other side of the
House who have constitutional scruples as to
the right of the Government to aid in measures
of this kind, I wish to say that there is a just,
a wise, and important distinction between tem-
porary aid to such an enterprise as this and
the permanent aid demanded by those con-
nected with other industrial enterprises. In
the early history of our Government there was
but slight objection to the principle that where
a public work of great importance was re-
quired for the advancement of the national
interests, temporary aid in the execution of
that work was permitted by the Constitution ;
and measures giving aid under such restric-
tions were supported by men of all parties.
It was to permanent and perpetual subsidies,
and monopolies, never ceasing, never dimin-
ishing, always increasing, that opposition was
excited and which led to the foundation of
parties upon the principle which now controls
so many minds in this House.
But I am constrained to believe that if the
gentlemen on the other side who entertain
these constitutional scruples will examine this
question carefully, they will see the distinction
between the bill before us and other measures,
in another important view. This is a demo-
cratic measure. It is an interest of the people.
It is a proposition of the hard working labor-
ing men—the miners, who pursue the most
hazardous, the most wearing, and perhaps the
most dangerous of all the ordinary occupa-
tions of men. The proposition is made on
behalf of such a class as this that the Govern;
ment shall extend its aid to carry into effect an
improved system of work, which is more for
the interest of the Government than it is even
for themselves. In this view the case presents
the very best instance of a proposal made to
the Government, by laboring men who seek
assistance in the prosecution of one of the
great laboring interests of the country, as dis-
tinguished from the demands of capitalists.
I hope the House will be willing to consider
the measure in this regard. It is an important
distinction, which will unsettle and remove
apparently well-founded objections.
The mining interests of the country, Mr.
Speaker, were early regarded as unimportant.
I remember very well hearing Mr. Benton say
that California and the Pacific coast would be
worth nothing to the United StateB until t.he
mines were exhausted. Our experience has
shown us on the contrary that the products
of the mines of California and Australia are
to-day the foundation of the present manufac-
turing and commercial prosperity of the United
States and Great Britain. If we look to re-
lief from the financial troubles of this country,
to an escape from those revulsions which have
heretofore come upon us so destructively at reg-
ular periods, we shall find the only escape
from calamities that strike down the interests
of all men alike, will be in the increase of
actual and solid wealth as against the specula-
tive enterprises of the country. In the in-
crease of the grain crop of the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi valleys, of the cotton crop of the
South, and the gold and silver product of the
Pacific coast—in these three elements of
national wealth, that are the equivalents of
gold, lie the guarantee of our prosperity and
the security of the financial affairs of both the
Government and the people. The two first
interests have occupied the attention of the
Government from its foundation. Let us give
a little time and some friendly consideration
to the last, that is as essential to our prosper-
ity as either of the others.
What is this proposition? The Com stock
lode, or lead, a mineral vein existing in
Nevada, is pronounced by experts in the
mineral sciences, both in this country and
Europe, to be one of the most important and
permanent and the richest mineral vein now ex-
isting in the world. There have been but three
on this continent that are to be compared with
it—the Great Potosi in Bolivia, the V6ta Madre,
and the V6ta Grande in Mexico. The first,
$1,200,000,000; the second, $800,000,000;
and the third, $650,000,000. The mines of the
Comstoek lode have already yielded $140,000,-
000 since their discovery in 1869, with the
imperfect system of mining which we have
adopted. And it is estimated by men who
have examined the subject that when the
tunnel shall be completed the annual yield will
be $30,000,000 per annum. Mr. Sutro him-
self believes it will be nearer $60,000,000, and
in that opinion I concur. Mr. Michel Cheva-
lier, a member of the Institute, in France,
says it appears to be one of the richest silver
fields ever discovered in America. So that
taking an average between the present product
of the mines, about $16,000,000 annually, and
$50,000,000, which Mr. Sutro gstimates as the
annual yield when the tunnel is completed, the
product for thirty years in actual and substan-
tial wealth will be more than $1,200,000,000,
a tenth part of the entire product of gold and
silver since the discovery of America, a period
of three hundred and eighty-one years.
It is substantial and enduring wealth ; not a
product consumed day by day and year by
year; not perishable ; not consumed in the
ordinary business of men ; but it enters into
all the affairs of life. Every day it stimulates
trade and production of every kind. It pro-
duces and reproduces continually wealth in
every form. Month by month and year by year,
through the presence and power of this influ-
ence alone, it doubles, trebles, and quadruples
the products of the industry of the country.
This'vein is situated in the State of Nevada,
as 1 have already stated. It has an extent of
four miles or more. As I am told, its width
equals that of Pennsylvania avenue. So, if
the House will consider a vein more or less
rich in gold and silver which extends four
miles in length, having a width of Pennsyl-
vania avenue, it will have a picture of the
aggregate of the rich deposits "of these mines.
The Comstoek vein is said by the commission
sent out by the Government of the United
States, and by Professor Raymond, the United
States commissioner of mineral statistics, to
be a ''true fissure vein;" that is to say, it is
not a surface mine. It is a rent, a fissure in
the crust of the earth, made by powers con-
cealed in infinite depths below the surface of
the earth; and that fissure, that rent, is filled
up by chemical process with a material foreign
to that of the country rock by which it is sur-
rounded, which more or less is impregnated
in higher or lower grades with gold and silver.
Now, sir, the miners who are at work upon
it penetrate this vein from the surface. Their
property is in narrow strips of ten to twelve
hundred feet in length. They penetrate from
the surface by perpendicular shafts. From
these shafts, at distances of about a hun-
dred feet, they open what they call drifts in
any direction in which the precious metals
appear to lie. They draw up by means of
engines the rock they dislodge. They take it
to the reducing mills. The commissioners
of the United States say that these mills
are established where water is to be found,
and some of them are eighteen miles distant
from the mouth of the shaft from which the
ore is taken. They pump in air for the relief
and support of the miners, and they drain
from the shafts and from the drifts or galler-
ies the immense quantities of water constantly
collecting, which is regarded as the miners'
enemy, lift it up to the mouth of the shaft
by machinery impelled by steam, and then
pour it off upon the country. This is their
work. The deeper they go down, of coarse
the more it costs, so that upon the testimony
of everybody acquainted with the science of
mining, both in this country and Europe, they
soon reach a depth below which it will not pay to
work, when these mines, as were the mines
before in Mexico, will be abandoned on that
account.
This, Mr. Speaker, is the case. The prop-
osition now is to establish the modern and
improved system of mining based on scientific
principles, which has been almost universally
adopted in Europe. It is proposed, instead of
working from the surface down, to enter this
mountain at a convenient point at its base,
two thousand feet below the surface ; to con--
struct horizontally at right angles with the lode,
or vein, a tunnel four miles in length, which
will reach the mineral deposits, as I have said,
two thousand feet below the surface, the point
at which the present shafts are sunk, and from
this to construct a gallery the whole length of
the mine on a line with the vein, and to work
from this gallery or tunnel, above and below
as they please. When they commence to work
above, all the waste rock or ore which they dis-
lodge will fall below, and deposit itself in the
cars waiting to receive it and be drawn to the
reducing mills (which the bill before" us pro-
vides shall be established at the mouth of the
tunnel) by a level railway, requiring but slight
motive power, and affording the easiest and
-cheapest possible transportation.
The water which is held in the mountains'
above Will fall of its own motion to the gal-
leries and be conducted to the mouth of the
tannel, where it will be used as a motive power
for the reducing mills, thus saving the ex-
pense of engines and all the machinery now
used. The miners will be sustained by the
ventilation which comes in to the surface
through the shafts, some of which, it is said,
are now sunk nearly to the line of the tunnel.
Currents of pure air will pass through those
shafts into all the drifts and galleries from the
mouth of the tunnel where the reducing mills
are placed. Thus there will be limitless cur-
rents of air passing through shafts, drifts, and
tunnel at all times for the relief and sustenance
of the miners. That is what is accomplished
in the important matter of ventilation.
The question is whether the miners desire
it or not. That is to ask whether they desire
to be relieved of the great enemy to all mining
industry, the accumulation of water, which they
are now compelled to pump from the shafts
and drifts to the surface. " It is to ask them
whether they want free air, pure air circulat-
ing from the outside, in the place of that
which is now pumped into the mines, exactly
as it is pumped into this Hall by the means
of steam-engines. It is to ask whether they
want to be supported and strengthened by the
application of modern science in the pursuit of
their business, as every other species of indus-
try is supported. It is a question whether they
want to accumulate by their industry a share
in the great increase of the product of gold
and silver which will follow fromthe applica-
tion of this principle to this business of mining.
Who opposes if ? You will hear much said,,
Mr. Speaker, in the discussion of this ques-
tion, of the opposition of the Bank of Califor-
nia. And there is no doubt, from what the
committee has heard, great reason to believe
that gentlemen connected with the Bank of
