4884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Mr. COLE. Then I will move that the five-
minutes rule be adopted. I thought it had
been adopted on the, motion of some one else,
inasmuch as it was referred to by the Pre-
siding Officer.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is not aware that any such motion has been
made. The Senator from California now moves
that the five-minutes' rule apply to this bill.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty,
noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now ia on agreeing to the amendment
offered by the Senator from New Hampshire.
The question being put, a division was called
for, and the ayes were thirteen
Mr. CRAGIN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am quite sure the
amendment is not understood, or it would have
had a stronger vote. Let- it be reported.
The P&EglDING OFFICE B. The amend-
ment will be reported before the vote is taken.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
follows;
Provided, That no officer on the retired list of the
Navy shall be employed on active duty except in
time of war: And provided, That those officers on
the retired list, and those hereafter retired, who
were, or may be, retired after forty years' service,
or on attaining the age of sixty-two years, in con-
formity with section one of the act of December,
1861, and its amendments, dated June 25, 1864, or
those who were or way be retired from incapacity
resulting from long and faithful service, from wounds
or injuries received in the line of duty, from sick-
ness or exposure therein, shnil, after the passage of
this act, be entitled to seventy-five per cent, of the
present sea pay of the grade or rank which they
held at the timo of tbeir retirement. And the rear
admirals provided for in the act of June 5,1872,
shall be considered aa having been retired as rear
admirals.
Mr. BOREMAN. I thought the question
was on the motion of the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] to strike out a pottion of this
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment to the amendment was rejected. The
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from New Hampshire, which has just been
read.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 14; as follows:
Y13AS—Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Buckingham,
Chandler, Clayton, Oonklintr, Cooner, Cragin, Ed-
munds, Kenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, (ioldthwaite,
Hitchcock, Johnston, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer,
Scott, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, West, and
VVuidom—31.
NAYS—Messrs, Boreman, Cole, Davis,1 Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Kelly, Machen.
Morrill of Vermont, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sher-
man Spragiie, Tipton, and Vickers—14.
ABfe&NT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Brown-
low, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Cor-
bett, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill. Howe, Logan,
Morton, Norwood, Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Ransom,
Schurz, Spencer. Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull,
Wilson, and Wright—28.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to amend the bill
by inserting as an additional section the
following:
Sec. —. Tbat the act of Congress approved De-
cember 21,1861, entitled "An act to further promote
tbe efficiency of the Navy," and the act approved
June 25,1864, entitled "An act. to amend the act of
December 21,1851, entitled * An act to further pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy/" shall not be
construed to retire any officer under sixty-two years
of age.
I will read the section of the act of 1861
which is referred to in this amendment:
" lint whenever the name of any naval officer
nowtn the service, or who may hereafter be in the
service of the United States, shall have been borne
on the JN aval Register forty-five years, or shall be of
the age of sixty-two years, he shall be retired from
active- service, and his name entered on the retired
list of officers of the grade to which he belonged at
the time of such retirement."
The act of 1864 referred to reads as follows :
"That the first scction of the act of the 21st of
December, A. D. 1861"—
Which is the one I have just read—
" entitled ' An act to further promote the efficiency
of the Navy,'shall not be so construed as to retire
any officer under the age of sixty-two years, and
whose name shall not have been borne upon the
Navy Register for a period of forty-five years after
he had arrived at the age of sixteen years/'
I do not think the act of 1861 contemplated
the retirement of an officer who had served
forty-five years in the Navy vigilantly and gal-
lantly unless he was sixty-two years of age.
The act of 1864 was intended, I think, to rem-
edy an error which crept into the act of 1861 ;
but the difficulty is with the word "not"
in the act of 1864. The language is, that an
officer " whose name shall not have been borne
upon the Navy Register for a period of forty-
five years after he had arrived at the age of
sixteen years'' shall not be retired. The act of
1861 is very direct and plain on that subject, that
an officer who has not been upon the list for
forty- five years shall not be retired until he has
arrived at the age of sixty-two years. There-
fore, the act of 1864 was unnecessary in refer-
ence to officers who had not been in the service
forty-five years; but the act of 1864 is a mere
repetition of the act of 1861, unless you strike
out the word "not." I think the intention of
the act of 1864 was that officers who went into
the service at the age of sixteen and served
forty-five years should not be retired until they
arrived at the age of sixty-two years. Under
this law an officer who went into the service
at sixteen years of age, aud there are some of
that description, will be retired at the age of
sixty one, while an officer who served but a
short period will not be retired until he arrives
at the age of sixty-two, giving the junior officer
a year's preference over the senior, who has
served his country diligently and faithfully for
forty-five years. The amendment that I have
offered places the officer who has served forty-
five years on exactly the same footing with
officers who have served less than forty-five
years, so that both shall be retired at the age
of sixty two. That is the effect of the amend-
ment, to place them on the same footing of
equality.
Mr. CRAGIN. This question was before
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and we de-
cided that we could not recommend this
amendment, audi hope it will not be adopted.
There is a question about the construction of
the law. The law has been construed at the
Department for several years to retire officers
who have been in the service forty-five years,
entering it at sixteen years of age, and that is
believed to be the law, and the commissioners
who are codifying the statutes have put that
construction upon it. Several officers have
been retired under that construction. This
amendment cannot affect those who have been
retired and who are now past sixt.y-two years
of age. It is designed, as I understand it,
to apply to one officer who is about to be re-
tired, who has had the advantage of this law,
who has been a rear admiral for some eight or
nine months longer than he would have been
except for this construction, and he now seeks
to get a year more because he is not quite
sixty-two years of age. I shall not detain the
Senate, but hope the amendment will be voted
down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Maryland.
The question being put, a division was called
for ; and the ayes were six.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is a further
count demanded?
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator from
Maryland will not insist on a further count.
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir; let the other
side be counted.
Fifteen Senators voted in the negative.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. POMEROY. We must have the yeas
and nays in order to get a quorum.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 19 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis, Edmunds, Frelmgliuyson, Goldthwaite, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Machen,
Nye, Patterson, Pool, llice, Robertson, Schurz,
Sherman, Spencer, Vickers, and West—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Buckingham, Chand-
ler, Cole, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Howe, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Sawyer, Sprague, Stewart, and Windom—19.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony,
Brownlow, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton,
Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Gilbert, Harlan, Hill,
Hitchcock, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norwood,
Osborn, Pratt,Ransom, Saulsbury,Scott, Stevenson,
Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
Wilson, and Wright—31.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after line five hundred and fifty-
three the following:
That the several chiefs of theBureaus of Medicine
and Surgery. Provisions and Clothing, and Steam
Engineering may be appointed from the senior fifteen
officers of the respective staff corps as found on the
active list of the Navy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will not do.
Mr. NYE. I desire to say that fifteen is the
number now, except of the engineers, which
is ten. The only change is that this provides
for the same choice from the engineers.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. NYE. I am sorry that that amend-
ment was lost. The Department wanted it,
but no matter. I now offer an amendment to
insert after line five hundred and fifty-three
the following:
The proposals of the International Steamship
Company, as set forth in Senate document No. 10,
first session Forty-Second Congress, and the pro-
posals of the Western Iron-Boat Building Company,
set forth in Senate miscellaneous document No. 143,
second session of same Congress, are hereby acoepted;
and the said yards are hereby authorized to be estab-
lished on the said plans, terms, and conditions as
specified, described, and shown: Provided, That,
for the purpose of preventing any monopoly in said
work, and to aid shipbuilders throughout the Uni-
ted States in continuing to build wooden ships or
steamers, or to enter at any time upon iron-ship
building, there shall be added in each contract to
carry out the said proposals the following obliga-
tion, namely: The said company shall, when re-
quired, supply to any ship-builder in the United
States, with reasonable promptness, the heavier
portions of iron-work wrought into specifio forms
upon patterns furnished, or steam machinery, or
the superior metal therefor, upon being paid the
cost, outlay, and charges required for the production
thereof, with five per cent, added thereto as profit
upon any portion of such work requisite to enable
such ship-builder to enter upon the construction of
iron or wooden steamships. The Secretaries of the
Navy, of War, and of the Treasury are hereby cre-
ated a commission and directed to carry into effect
the contracts formed under this acceptance of said
proposals,-to fulfill and carry out all the provis-
ions and stipulations for and on the part of the
United States, and to require the fulfillment of the
obligations on the part of each of the said com-
panies, respectively, as set forth in their respective
proposals: Provided, That the said commission, or a
majority thereof, shall, before completing details
of said contracts with said companies, be satisfied
of their ability, respectively, to fulfill said contract;
and if in the discretion of a majority of said com-
mission they shall deem it for the interest of the
Government, they may advertise for proposals, and
make contracts with other responsible parties in .
place of the parties named, upon the plans, terms,
and conditions named in said proposals.
Mr. CHANDLER. I make the point of
order that this amendment is not germane to
the bill. This is a proposition to go into the
building of private ship-yards.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
Mr. NYE. I should like to be heard for
five minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannot be heard on
the point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decides that the amendment is not in order
under the rule. The amendment may be a
good bill of itself, but it is not germane to the
pending bill.
Mr. NYE. I dislike to do so, but I think I
shall be compelled to take an appeal. If you
will give me five minutes I may not do so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No ; let us insist on the
rule. If the Senator wishes 4o appeal from
the decision of the Chair let him do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator to be discussing the
general bill. There ia no amendment pending.
