1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
42d Cong 3d Sess.
Sutro Tmnel—Mr. Banks.
Ho. of Beps,
California have been much interested and very
determined in opposition to this work. But
we take, no part in any quarrel against the
Bank of. California or anybody else. We
merely say this: that while the miners are in-
terested in the success of this work, and in the
application of these recent results of modern
mining science, the capitalists of that section
of the country, whoever they are and whatever
they .represent, are interested for themselves
and not for the miners. The capitalist? own
for themselves a railway that transports the
material, waste rock and ore, that is taken
from the mines to the reducing mills, one of
which the commissioners tell us is eighteen
miles distant. They own the wood and all
the materials of fuel necessary to run the ma-
chinery. They have a control naturally ofallthe
markets necessary for the supply of the miners
and the laboring men. And through these
advantages of capital, of which we might have
some right and some reason to complaip, they
make a profit which consumes in the end all
the results of the labor of those employed in
the mines in the hazardous and arduous pur-
suit of their industry. The miners grow poor,
as they have don.e elsewhere, because their
pursuit is one of great labor, great danger, and
great hazard ; while every day the capitalists,
who speculate on their necessities, aregrowing
richer. The capitalist takes no risks. He wants
no share in the uncertainties of mining. His
profits are in the certain, enormous, apd some-
times extortionate profits which they make by
supplying the daily necessities of laboring men.
Before one of the committees of the House
it was said in relation to another great
industry of this country that no capitalist
thinks of taking a part in the execution of a
project or an enterprise at the start. It is only
when it has been projected, money has been
expended, when it has been carried as far it
can be by those who are immediately inter-
ested, and they have failed, that the cap-
italists step in and demand that franchise,
property, rights, everything that has been ex-
pended in the execution of the work shall be
turned over to them, and they will follow it for
their own advantage, owning everything, and
making, at the least, a profit of one hundred,
and I believe in some instances from six hun-
dred to a thousand per cent.
The capitalists who surround and control
the business connected with these mines
occupy the same position. They own every-
thing which is,necessary to the support of the
miner ; they in fact control the very air that
he breathes, and can make him pay whatever
they choose for the use of the articles that are
necessary for his support. Therefore the cap-
italists are naturally opposed to the construc-
tion of works that will change the relations of
miners and consumers to the capitalists who
monopolize and control markets, and from
whose well-paid aid alone they can get the
results of their hard and hazardous labor in
the deep and noisome recesses of the mines.
If the tunnel is constructed the miners will
be obliged to pay but a small proportion for
the transportation of the rock which they take
out of the shafts a distance of eighteen miles,
in order that it may be reduced. They will
not be obliged to pay as apart of the expenses
of their business for the air which is pumped
into these shafts to support life where they live
for awhile and are certain to suffer a prema-
ture death in the end. They will not be
obliged to pay for draining the shafts, drifts,
and galleries by costly steam pumps the water
that naturally accumulates there and threatens
them with deluge or drowning. All_ these
things they escape. And the capitalists at
the same time lose the opportunity of taking
advantage of their necessities with constantly
increasing expenditures that are necessarily
incurred for these and other purposes.
Mr. Speaker, I have said this much for the
parties that are interested. Now, what inter-
est has the Government of the United States?
The annual product of gold and silver in the
world is about $200,000,000. The American
commissioner at the Paris exposition esti-
mated it at $171,000,000. Mr. John W. Tay-
lor, an officer of the Treasury of the United.
States, puts it at $225,000,000. It is a fair
estimate that the production throughout the
world annually is about $200,000,000. The
g.niiual product of the United States is stated
by Professor Raymond, in his reports to Con-
gress, at $58,000,000; so that we produce more
than a quarter of the aggregate product of all
the gold and silver in the world. If we in-
crease by the application of the most approved
methods of mining the product of the Corn-
stock and other lodes, as by the success of this
measure, we shall undoubtedly make our pro-
duct equal at least to one half of the product
of all nations. We will add, therefore,
$50,000,000 st least to what we already pro-
duce, giving us by that means an annual aggre-
gate of $100,000,000.
What is the natural effect of such an in-
crease of t^e precious metals ? It enters into
circulation, cheers, stimulates, and encourages
industry of every description. The merchant,
the manufacturer, the artisan, every man, what-
ever way be his calling, is encouraged and sup-
ported by an increase in the solid money of the
country. We have already done something in
this way by an increase of paper money, but
gentlemen ^roqnd me will remember that an
increase of paper money, while it relieves us
for the moment, may ultimately bring to us
and those for whom we act not only disaster,
but possibly perpetual ruin. Let us reinforce,
then, this excess of paper money by increasing
the production of gold and silver to such an
extent as to make it equal to gold and silver,
which every man understands is essential to
the security as well as the prosperity of the
country! Let us open these mines, the richest
the world has ever known, that are here beneath
our feet in the very soil upon which we tread,
and take from it the precious metals that the
experience of all nations hps proved to be the
most solid and unchanging form of the world's
wealth. You want specie payments! Is it
possible for us to reestablish specie payments
in the present condition of things?
My idea of specie payment is that a man
can pay in specie when he has as much or more
of specie as will in one form or another equal
the amount of his debts. Nobody else can
pay specie. Some people think that specie pay-
ment is a matter of confidence, and others that
it is a subject for statute regulation. But after
we have coursed all the measures and appli-
ances that invention can supply we shall come
back to the wise conclusion of our fathers, who
were hard money men, that to pay specie you
must have specie. A man who has specie can
pay specie when it is wanted. If he has it it
is not wanted. If be does not have it it is cer-
tain to be demanded. A man who has paper
money can pay in paper money; and one who
has neither specie nor paper can meet his obli-
gations by the issue of his promissory notes,
when his creditors will take them, and, like
Micawber, thank God his accounts are settled
at last. This is the law o fthe world. We can-
not pay in specie when we have no specie. We
cannot pay in paper money when we have no
paper money. We must first have credit and
then paper and then solid gold and silver.
This is the only course open to us. During our
late terrible struggle the Government had
credit, and then paper money, whose value was
in proportion to the credit of the Government.
Its opponents had no credit, and their paper,
money was worthless as its credit; and our
credit and paper circulation will be in the end
as unsubstantial and worthless unless, to use a
military phrase, we reinforce it by supplement-
ing in forms that the world will recognize as
substantial and enduring. And this can be
done first and best by opening the mines
beneath our feet, applying to their develop-
ment the most approved methods suggested by
experience and by science, and hy the increase
of actual wealth in the substantial and com-
paratively unchanging forms of gold and sil-
ver, stimulate and increase the production of
other products that in our export trade are
couuted as gold and silver. It is not true, as
we were told thirty yeara ago, that the gold
discoveries of 1848 would be detrimental and
destructive as they had been to Mexico and
Spain in earlier periods of history. On the
contrary, we see now what has been the advan-
tage of the increased products of gold in Cali-
fornia and Australia, and we are better able to
estimate the advantages that may arise from
the further increased product of gold and sil-
ver in stimulating the industries of the coun-
tries which control this product, aud if we can
add $50,000,000 annually to our product of
precious metals (as we may by the construc-
tion of this tunnel and its effect upon the min-
ing interest generally) it will, with the in-
creased product of grain and cotton that
naturally follows the increased circulation,
both of which articles are the equivalents of
gold in our export trade, afford us at least the
means of giving to an unsubstantial and fluc-
tuating circulating medium an enduring and
permanent specie basis. We shall never find
any other means of accomplishing this object,
so much desired.
DEMAND FOB INCREASED CIRCULATION.
There is nothing moro essential to successful
industry than the easy and abundant flow of
money; and there is no demand made upon the
Government more imperative and constant
than that which calls for an increase of the
circulating medium. It is no wild and sense-
less cry suggested by indolence or speculation.
The necessity which it represents is at times
universally felt. It is a demand which ia sup-
ported by the highest authority, if authority
were wanting to strengthen our own experi-
ence. The fact is well expressed by Hume,
the historian. This is his language:
" In every kingdom into which money begins to
flow in increased abundance, everything takes a new
face. Labor and industry gain life, merchants be-
come enterprising, manufacturers more diligent ana
skillful, and even the farmer follows his plow with
greator alacrity and attention. When gold and sil-
ver are diminishing the workman has no employ-
ment, though he pays the same for everything in the
market. The farmer cannot dispose of his corn and
cattle, though he pays the same rent. Poverty, beg-
gary, and sloth ensues, as is easily seen."
The stronger, because more recent, testimony
of Alison is to the same effect:
"Upon the gold discoveries in California and Aus-
tralia the annual supply of gold and silver for the
use of the world was increased from an average of
£10,000,000 to £85,000,000 sterling. Prices. rapidly
rose, wages advanced in the same proportion, ex-
ports and imports enormously increased, and crime
and misery rapidly diminished. Wheat rose from
forty-five shillings to sixty-five shillings,- but the
wages advanced in the same proportion. Ihe in-
crease in wages was thirty per cent, in five years.
The effect of this immense addition to the currency
aud the industry of all nations, and especially of
Great Britain, was prodigious. It raised her exports
from £58,000,000 in 1851 to £97,000,000 in 1854, and
£115,000,000 in 1856, and increased her imports from
£157,000,000 in 1851 to £172,000,000 in 1856. This in-
crease of metallic currency saved Great Britain from
bankruptcy."
Numberless authorities in support of these
historical facts might easily be cited. The
experience of every man affords evidence of
their truth. No country suffers more from the
dearth of money than our own. It is the only
land where legitimate industry is deprived of
the means requisite for the fu!l development
of national wealth. In other countries money is
made cheap by long continued and wise finan-
cial policy. Products are exported instead of
