1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1385
Mr. CRAGIN. Was there not an under-
standing that the restrictive rule should not
apply to this- bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. There was not; quite the
reverse.
Mr. NYE. I am sorry that this amendment
should produce such a flutter. To relieve my
friend from Vermont from any sort of respons-
ibility in regard to it, I will gay that 1 was
instructed by the Committee on Naval Affairs
to offer the amendment. It is a subject they
have gravely discussed and wisely concluded,
and I am instructed by that committee to
offer it to this bill. I am sorry to have thrown
so many gentlemen off their balance by offer-
ing it. It is a subject as old as the Navy bill
itself. It has been discussed here every year.
Now I want to consider it a little. It is legit-
imate here, and my friend from Michigan, who
is so anxious to build up commerce, ought to
have been the last man to make this objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no further
amendment be offered the bill will be reported
to the Senate.
Mr. NYE. Isthatamendmenfcfinallykilled?
The YICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
was ruled by the occupant of the chair at the
time to be out of order as not directly re-
lating to the appropriations in the bill. This
rule states that the amendment must relate not
only generally to the appropriations contained
in the bill, but it uses the word " directly."
The amendment must directly relate to an
appropriation in the bill. This amendment was
to come in after line five hundred and thirty-
three, which is an appropriation for the navy-
yard at Mare Island of $5,600; and it having
been ruled out it is not now before the Senate.
Mr. NYE. That is the very point where you
and I differ. 1 think it does apply; it is
entirely pertinent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
has any other amendmeut to move the Chair
with great pleasure will rule upon it.
Mr. NYE. I hate to take an appeal.
Mr. CRAGIN. I was instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs to offer another
amendment which I had overlooked. On page
26, liae six hundred and nine, after the word
"officers," I move to insert "and officers'
servants;" so that it will read, "for hire of
quarters for officers' servants." And to add
$6,000 to the amount appropriated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Wtiat does that mean?
Mr. CRAGIN. It has been decided by the
Attorney General that in the Army the ser-
vants of officers are entitled to quarters, and
that is now the practice of the War Depart-
ment. The Marine corps come precisely under
the same rules, laws, and regulations, as the
Army. This ia designed simply to put them
in the same position.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New
Hampshire from the Committee on Naval
Mr. DAVIS. I do not understand the effect
of that amendment. How does it affect the
blThe VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the paragraph as it will read if
amended.
The Chief Clerk. The item now reads:
For hire of quarters^ for officers where there are
no public quarters, $16,500
If amended as proposed, the item will read :
For hire of quarters for officers and officers ser-
vants where there are no publio quarters,
Mr. DAVIS. I move to lay the amendment
on the table.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask to have some corre-
spondence read which will explain this matter.
I do not care anything about it myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virginia makes a motion to lay the
amendment on the table.
Mr. CRAGIN. I hope the papers will be
allowed to be read.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The papers will
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Headquarters Marine Corps,
Quartermaster's Office,
Washington, December 30,1872.
Sir: An opinion having teen given by the At-
torney General (dated May 6,1871,) upon the ques-
tion of quarters for officers' servants, and the honor-
able Secretary of War, by circular letter of the
Quartermaster General of the Army, dated Septem-
ber 16,1872, having authorized where there are no
public quarters, the renting of quarters for officers'
servants at a cost not exceeding eighteen dollars
per month, and as by law offioers of the Marine
corps receive the same pay, &c.t as officers of the
infantry of the Army,1 application has been made to
this office for the allowance referred to.
Being without funds to meet this demand, but be-
lieving it is my duty to respectfully refer the matter
to you, I do so with the statement that the sum
necessary to enable me to provide these quarters for
present fiscal year is 15,400, and the sum of #6,480
should be added to the item for rent of rooms, which
appears in the annual estimate submitted for the
fiscal year.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant. gLAOK
Quartermaster Marine Corns.
Forwarded: J. ZEILIN,
Brigadier General and Commandant.
Hon. George M. Kobeson, Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. LOGAN. When was that decision ren-
dered by the Attorney General?
Mr. CRAGIN. I have here the order of the
Secretary of War.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say, however
much I may dislike to differ with the law offi-
cer of the Government, that the allowance of
quarters for servants is in direct violation of
the law. The law in reference to the Army
does not allow any pay whatever to an officer
except his annual salary of so much and fuel
and quarters in kind, and that is the language
of the law; and any Attorney General, or
Secretary of War, or anybody else that pays
outside of that, pays it in violation of the plain
letter of the law". It may have been done fre-
quently, but it is in violation of law.
Mr. CRAGIN. My main object in offering
the amendment was to call attention to this
subject, and as I am now up it may be best
perhaps that I should read the correspondence
I hold in my hand, which will be a part of the
history at any rate :
War Department,
Quartermaster General's Office,
Washington, D. C., December 10, 1872.
Pir : X have the honor to submit herowith a let-
ter from Colonel Eufus Xogalls, assistant quarter-
master general in New York city, as the rate of
expenditure that shall be allowed for quarters for
officers' servants..
Colonel Ingalls, m this letter, suggests that as the
status of servants has always been held identical
with that of enlisted men, an equitable mode pi
settlement of the point herein raised would be by
the issuance of an order authorizing such amount
to be paid for their quarters as is allowed to detailed
men at department headquarters, by General Orders
No. 92, scries of 1868."
The decision 6f the Attorney General of May 6.
1871, construing the law of July 15, 18(0, in regard
to officers' pay and allowances, contained m a letter
addressed by him on that date to the Secretary of
the Treasury, savs that" The twenty-fourth section
ot that act (16 United States Stat. S20) fixes the pay of
the officers of the Army, and thenprovides that these
sums shall bo in full of all commutation of quarters,
fuel, forage, servants'wages, and clothing, longevity
rations, and all allowances of every name and nature
whatever" * * * * Provided, That
fuel, quarters, and forage in kind may be furnished
to officers by the quartormaster s department as
now allowed by law and regulations, and, my
opinion is that this first proviso continues all the
allowances in kind of fuel and quarters which
officers received under the laws and regulations in
force when the act was passed, and theso in-
cluded fuel and quarters for the prescribed number
of servants, the same allowance should stui oe
m|he' regulations then existing allowed (paragraph
ten hundred and sixty-eight) to every six non-com-
missioned officers, musicians, and privates, servants,
and washerwomen, two hundred and twenty-five
square feet of room north of thirty-eight degrees
north, and two hundred and fifty-six square feet
south of that latitude.
This has been considered as the area of one room
fifteen feet square north of thirty-eight degrees
north, and sixteen feet square south of that latitude.
Bv general Orders No. 85, from headquarters ot the
Army. October 17,1868. the rate of commutation was
fixed at eighteen dollars per room, except at places
where, by the regulations or orders of the Secretary
of War, a higher rate hud been established.
Gen oral OrdersNo. 96, W n r Department, Adjutant
General's Office, July 26,1870, authorizes, "in cases
where buildings suitable lor officers' quarters are
not ownedby the United States the Quartermaster's
Department, 'whenever practicable,' to rent for each
officer a nuciber of rooms, and at a rate per month
per room not exceeding in the aggregate that now
established by regulations and orders; but when-
ever, for good and sufficient cause, an effieer is
quartered in a lodging-house or hotel where the
rental of afull allowance of rooms would be costly,
a sum not excocdingthat abovespecified for an officer
of his rank may be paid to the proprietor for the
accommodations so furnished."
On the 11th of September, 1872, a circular letter to
the chief quartermasters of divisions, departments',
and depots, was issued by this office, reading as fol-
lows:
"The regulations prescribe an officer's allowance
of quarters in table, paragraph ten hundred nnd
sixty-eight. This table gives a!so to every six non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates, ser-
vants and washerwomen, two hundred and twenty-
five square feet of room north of lati ado thirty-
eight degrees north. This space is to be provided
under the regulations, the law, and the opinion of
the Attorney General, in kind, not in money.
'There is, therefore, no money allowance to be paid.
This office cannot fix the amount of rent. That
varies at different places, but it is the duty of tho
officer of the quartermaster's department to provk e
the quarters prescribed by the regulations at the
most reasonable rates. He ia not to force the office r
and his servants into a disreputable, uncomfoitUlo
part of a town, nor has ho to rent the most costly
buildings in it."
"The servants should have quarters suitable to
their condition, and convenient to their employer
and their duty."
On the 4th of November, 1872, Major I. A, Potter,
chief quartermaster Department of the Lakes, was
advised, in answer to a letter from him on the sub-
ject, in which he stated that some of the officers at
that station have mado application to him for quar-
ters for servants at the rato of ten dollars for each
servant they are entitled to, that no such authority
existed; that "the servants, by paragraph ten hun-
dred and sixty-eight, nre entitled to two hundred
and twenty-five square foet of room for six servants,
no more by regulations, and in furnishing quarters
in kind this cannot be properly exceeded. This
would give to an officer who under tho regulations
formerly drew allowance for three servants and who
now draws fuel in kind for three servants, one half a
regulation room for the uso of his servants, to an
officer who had two servants one third of a room,
&c. The allowance in kind stands upon the samo
footing, the same paragraph of regulations, as that
of fuel in kind."
If this, which I believe to be a correct interpret-
ation, meets with the approval of the Secretary of
War, I recommend that it be made the rule of ser-
vice.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
M. C. MEIGS,
Quartermaster General United States Ari&if'
Hon. Secrsta&y of War.
First Indorsement.
War Department, December 16,1872.
Respectfully returned by the Quartermaster Gen-
The Secretary of War directs that to carry put
the decision of the Attorney General interpreting
the act, of July 15,1870, the quartermaster's depart-
ment will furnish fuel and quarters in kind tor the
authorized number of officers' servants as prescribeu
iu the Army Regulations of 1863.
Where suitable public quarters cannot be fur-
nished tho regulation allowance will borented at tho
most reasonable rates practicable not exceeding
eighteen dollars per month for any one officer s ser-
vants.
By order of the Secretary of War * „ ~r 7
H. T. CROSBY, Chief Clerk.
Second Indorsement
December 10,1872.
Quartermaster General submits questions from
Colonel Rufus Ingalls, assistant quartermaster ffent.
oral at Now York, as to the rate of expenditure that
shall be allowed for quarters for officers servants,
and recommends as follows:
That the servants by paragraph ten hundred and
sixty-eight are ontitled to two hundred and twenty-
five square feet of room for six servants, no more
by regulations, and in furnishing quarters in kind
this cannot properly be exceeded.
This would give to an officer who under the reg-
ulations formerly drew allowance for three servants,
and who now draw fuel in kind for three servants,
one half of a regulation room for tho use of his ser-
vants, to an officer who had two servants one third
of a room, &c. The allowance in kind stands upon
the same footing, the same paragraph of regula-
tions as that of fuel in kind. .
Make this decision known by
QwarterniCfitcr General-
October 17, 1872,
True copies of letters an^inj^j£f^™{x>lT,
Quartermaster Vmted Army.
Mr. EDMONDS. Practically, tho result is
that the word " officer'' means " servant.
