86
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Sutro Tunnel—Mr. Banks.
4 2d Cong....3d Sess.
money, and the increase of foreign commerce
enriches them in the same measure that it
impoverishes us. The prosperity of other na-
tions is assured by an enlarged foreign trade.
With us it is a source of well-founded alarm,
because our exports are in monstrous dispro-
portion to our imports, and we are compelled
to sell our own property for a depreciated cur-
rency to pay for the property of other nations
in the equivalents of silver and gold.
With three natural products of the soil—cot-
ton, grain, and gold—each of which can be
made to control the markets of the world,
we are the prey of nations, without any of the
advantages that can be considered the equiva-
lents of our own. The dearth of money is the
well grounded complaint of the producers of
these great staples. Speculation has been
enthroned in the place of legitimate industry,
and the money necessary to the development
of these products in the South, the Mississippi
valley, and the mineral States, is swept into
the vaults of one or two cities, where it is used
to gorge speculators and gamblers.
We are restrained by wise considerations from
the increase of our present system of currency.
It has not the requisite elements of stability,
because it does not represent actual wealth.
However much we may be made to feel, by
the representations of the people, that more
money is needed, we shrink from enlarging
the issues of depreciated and irredeemable
paper money which was substituted, from 1860
to the present time, for the steady increase of
gold and silver which occurred from 1850 to
1860. But how will it be if we can add to the
volume of currency fifty, or thirty, or even
twenty millions of gold and silver every year ?
Is there a man of the producing or industrial
classes that will not be benefited by it ? Is
there anything in the experience of other
nations to lead us to fear such a result? Is
there a sound or accepted doctrine of political
economy that is violated by it? Will it not
stimulate every kind of legitimate industry,
increase the actual wealth of the country, and
thus give to the combined circulation of specie
and paper a convertibility and an actual value
that is impossible in the present condition of
public affairs? And in what way can we do
more to produce such a result than by aiding
in the development of a mineral vein like the
Comstock lode, the richest probably in the
world?
ITS EFFECT UPON THB PUBLIC DEBT.
The increase of money when it represents
actual values has other important and perma-
nent influences. Mr. Hume says:
"It materially affects an existing debt. When a
debt exists in a fixed number of dollars the increase
in the quantity of gold to its depreciation in value
reduces tho debt in the same proportion."
Mr. John Stuart Mills tells us that " if the
money in circulation is doubled prices will be
doubled; if increased one fourth prices will
increase one fourth." But a fixed obligation,
like that of the national debt, remains the same;
and its burden is reduced in proportion to the
increased value of property consequent upon
the increased quantity of money; and it is
extinguished, not by sacrificing, but by increas-
ing the wealth and incomes of the people.
The bondholder shares with the rest of the
community the prosperity of the country. He
is relieved from the impending danger of the
payment of his debts by the increase of paper
money without value, and bringing with it a
wide-spread and general ruin. Such changes
of value as are produced by an increase in
the volume of specie currency are so gradual
as not to be appreciated from year to_ year; but
the result in a number of years is inevitable.
Tbey do not materially affect individuals, for
the cost of living and the rate of wages rise
also; but they stimulate enterprise and create
a general and lasting prosperity. It is to such
general and permanent benefits that the meas-
ure before the House is directed—the increase
of currency and the increase of actual wealth
at the same time, by a wise and efficient de-
velopment of the rich deposits of gold and
silver that surround ns. Mr. Lincoln felt this
necessity when he said in one of his earliest
"The immense mineral resouroes of the country
ought to bo developed aa rapidly as possible. Every
step in that direction improves the resouroes of the
Government and diminishes the burdens of the
people. Extraordinary measures ought to be adopted
to promote that end."
Is it possible that the resources necessary to
pro3uce such results as these are resting
beneath our feet without right or power on
our part to touch them? It is to open the
earth and take out solid forms of wealth that
will make our currency convertible into specie,
relieve the people of the burdens of the public
debt without repudiating it, and place our varied
industries upon the hard- money basis, where the
founders of the Government sought to place
them. Is there any tradition of public policy
violated, any party doctrine repudiated, by a
measure looking only to such results as these ?
If an objection is made to the participation
of the Government in such a work, the answer
is that it is only by the aid of the Government
that it can be completed. The hazards of
mining industry are too great for individual
laborers or capitalists. Every Government
interested in the success of this industry for
more than a thousand years has been obliged
to aid and protect it. And we must do as
other nations have done if we hope for tho
results they have gained.
If it be said that we cannot aid a corporation,
even in so important a work as this, the answer
is conclusive: it can be done only by private
citizens, or a corporation composed of private
citizens, with the aid of the Government.
Wisely or unwisely, the Government has parted
with its title to the mineral land upon which
the experiment is to be made. It cannot reclaim
it without purchase, nor without changing its
policy for nearly a century. Tbe work is too
great for individuals, and if the Government
cannot aid a company organized for this pur-
pose it cannot be done at all. There is in this
single fact a distinction between this and other
petitions for Government aid, in the condition
of the parties, the magnitude of the operations,
the objects to be gained, as well as in the
duration of the assistance that may be ex-
tended, which the House ought at least to
consider.
Now, sir, I think I may assume that the Gov-
ernment of the United States has a direct and
most important interest in this subject. The
commissioners of the United States sent to
examine the premises report to the House that
the enterprise is a practicable one. There is
no doubt, therefore, that it can be completed.
Other important enterprises have been less
fortunate in their inception than this.
When my honorable colleague [Mr. Crock-
er] was first associated with the Hoosac tunnel
in Massachusetts we were told, for I was hon-
ored by the association of my name in an
unimportant manner with that enterprise, that
the tunnel could never be constructed; that
engineers starting from different sides of the
mountain could never direct their galleries so
as to meet one another; that in the recesses
of the Hoosac mountain there were number-
less and limitless quicksands which would
baffle every effort for the construction of such
an opening as would allow a railway train to
pass ; that it would entail upon the State the
loss and waste of many millions, and never be
completed. Yet within a few days we have
witnessed the fact that the galleries did meet
each other; that there were no quicksands; that
the cost of the work has been reasonable; there
has been no unrequited waste of public money;
there is no abandoned "hole in the mountain "
to disgrace the State, and that the people believe
even now, before the work is wholly completed,
that the transfer of its control to the capital-
ists of any other State or country would be a
species of treason to Massachusetts, of which
no honorable citizen would be guilty. That has
been the experience of Massachusetts. She
has constructed a tunnel of four and a half
miles through a mountain supposed to be of
impenetrable stone, merely for the purpose of
shortening by a few miles her route to the
commerce of the West, with not a particle of
coal or iron, copper, lead, silver, or gold from
summit to base. The engineers of Mont
Cenis, it is said, copied from the Massachu-
setts engineers their methods of perforating,
mining, aud blasting the rock. The people are
satisfied, and the world has been in some slight
measure benefited. But we have no such doubts
to encounter here.
And so it will be when this tunnel that
reaches the Comstock lode shall be constructed
for the purpose of increasing the supply of
gold and silver in this country. Let gentle-
men who have constitutional scruples about
the Government aiding in any way any public
work ask themselves whether there is any
other or better way of reaching specie pay-
ment and a solid basis of silver and gold than
by increasing the product of gold and silver in
the way now proposed.
There-is one thing to which your attention will
be called, and to which I wish to refer for a mo-
ment, for I see I have but little time left. The
commissioners say that there is no necessity
for this tunnel for purposes of ventilation or
draining. I admit it; there is no necessity for
that. There is no necessity for our being
here ; there is no necessity, Mr. Speaker, for
you or any other member to be in the Speak-
er's chair. The world can get along without
us. The House of .Representatives might ad-
journ, and the world still be well ruled and
governed.
There was no necessity for the cotton-gin,
the power-loom, the steam-engine, the steam-
ship, the locomotive, the sewing machines;
there was no necessity for the railway;
there was no necessity for the telegraph ; we
were getting along very well without such
things. I can remember when an engineer
appeared in the neighborhood of Harvard
University for the purpose of surveying a
route for a railroad from the city of Boston
to the city of Pitchburg, represented by my
honorable friend, [Mr. Crocker,] amancame
out of his house with an ax on his shoulder and
said he would split open the head of any man
who should undertake to survey a route for a
railroad through his lands. He evidently
thought there was no necessity for a railway in
that part of the country at least.
There was no necessity in the estimation
of many wise men for many of those things
that we regard as improvements of great im-
portance. So in that sense there is no neces-
sity of this tunnel for ventilation or drainage.
It would be better for the miners if they could
be relieved of the presence of water in the
mines, and if they could have pure air while
at work. But what matters it to the capital-
ists whether they have it or not, whether the
miners die in the deep recesses of the mount-
ain or not? There is no ''necessity" for the
Government to aid them in any way. But the
great heart of this House and of the people
of this country will take a different view of it.
And though they may say in a religious and
reverential spirit that there is no necessity fotf
anything that man may do, there may be
many things that he can do to improve the
condition of his race, to elevate the character
of the Government, to strengthen its hold
upon the affectionate and kind remembrance
of those who shall come after him. So in
