1386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say a word. The
law referred to by the Secretary of War, that
was passed at the date mentioned, July 1870,
was passed expressly for the purpose of abol-
ishing all extra allowances. It was discussed
fully in the House and in the Senate and in
the committee of conference. It was under-
stood, too, by the officers of the Army. The
intention was that extra forage, extra allow-
ance, extra clothing for servants, extra rations
for servants, and servants' pay, were all to be
wiped out, and a salary fixed for each officer
in lieu of all pay, allowances, and commuta-
tion ; and that was done by the law giving a
better salary, and excluding all extras with the
understanding that no allowance should be
given whatever for anything beyond the yearly
salary, except that fuel and quarters in kind
might be furnished to the officer and nobody
else; and that is the law. I am surprised at
this moment, for I never knew it before, to
find that in violation of that law, so plainly
understood by every one to be lor the purpose
of fixing a salary for officers in lieu of all the
extras that formerly were paid and the reason
of which no one could understand, the officers
of the Government in violation of that law still
allow extra pay besides the salary fixed. You
allow a colonel $4,500 a year, and still it seems
he is allowed extra pay and extra quarters for
servants that were abolished by that law. The
intention of the law certainly was so to do.
I am only sorry that I find at this day that
the laws cannot be enforced in reference to
the Army. I have known for years that they
would manage in every way to dodge around
all these restrictions and get as much money
oat of the Government as possible. I am sorry
to find that, in the face ot a law so plain, any
one will induce officers to violate it for their
benefit, for this is a violation, and I denounce
it here to-day as a violation of law.
Mr. CRAGIN. After saying a word, I will
ask leave to withdraw this amendment. The
amendment was offered in order, if this was
the law, to place officers of tbe Marine corps,
who are but by law on the same footing as offi-
cers of the Army as to pay and allowances,
upon the same footing exactly in all respects.
After calling the attention of my friend the
Senator from Illinois, and hoping that he will
look to this matter when the Army appropria-
tion bill comes before the Senate, I ask leave
to withdraw the amendment.
Mr. LOGAN. I certainly will. I am aston-
ished at such a construction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. WEST. I renew the amendment for
the purpose of correcting an impression that
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Logan] has
made upon the Senate with reference to tbe
action of the War Department, and he has done
it from a total misapprehension of the facts as
I think. I can explain to himin one word that
the appropriation for the hire of quarters in the
Army bill is all the money at theservice of the
Military Department for that purpose, and it
is simply for the hire of quarters where officers
are not serving with troops. For instance,
quarters are hired here for the General of the
Army; quarters are hired here for the Quar-
termaster General; and there is no money
used, to my certain knowledge, by the War
Department except for payment for tbe hire
of quarters that are necessarily furnished to
the officers on duty apart from troops, and the
object of this amendment, although I should
have voted against it for the servants, is to put
the marine officers on the same footing.
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator from Louisiana
I think is mistaken in saying that I misappre-
hend it. I do not misapprehend the decision
as read. It decides that quarters may be
allowed for servants of officers.
Mr. WEST. "Inkind."
Mr.LOGAN. "In kind," of course. But
that is as much a violation of the law as to pay
the money. The law does not allow quarters
for servants at all. Itallowstbemforan officer
but not for a servant.
Mr. WEST. Every officer here gets quar-
ters for his servant.
Mr. LOGAN. Then he gets them in viola-
tion of law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on tbe amendment renewed by the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, [Mr. West.]
Mr. DAVIS. I move to lay it on the table.
Mr. WEST. I withdraw it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask leave to offer an
amendment to come in at the end of the first
amendment adopted to the bill, I think, but the
Clerk will find the proper place:
Provided, That nothing in this or any preceding
act shall prevent the promotion of an officer on the
retired list to the next superior grade who at the
time of his retirement under the act may have
reached the highest number of his grade and honor-
ably completed the term of active service; and this
rule shall apply to aoy officer who may have here-
tofore fulfilled the above mentioned conditions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to lay that amend-
ment on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following
amendment:
Sec. —. That the chief clerks of the different
bureaus of the Navy Department shall be entitled
to receive the same amount of pay as the chief
clerks of bureaus or offices of the "War Department.
Mr. COLE. That I believe is from the
Senator from Rhode Island who urged the
adoption of a rule this morning that clearly
cuts this off.
Mr. ANTHONY. This was offered before
the rule was adopted.
Mr. COLE. 1 make the point that it is out
of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask to have reserved
the amendment proposed by my friend from
New Jersey [Mr. Frelinghuysen] and all
similar amendments providing for clerks of
pay-rolls and store-keepers and all that sort
of thing which are pasted into the bill. I do
not know them by name, but only by nature.
Mr. COLE. 1 think there are only three
or four of them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. More than that. Their
name is legion.
Mr. COLE. I was referring to the amend-
ments, not to the officers provided for by them.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the amendment of
the Senator from New Hampshire increasing
the pay of officers on the retired list had bet-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments referred to will be reserved. The ques-
tion will be on concurring in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole, except
those reserved.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not certain but
that the Senator from Vermont anticipated
me; but I wish to reserve all the provisions as
to appropriations for pay-roll and mustering
clerks and time clerks, under those designa-
tions.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. That reser-
vation will be made.
Mr. DAVIS. I am requested by' the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Stevenson] to
reserve the amendment in relation to torpe-
does. He is not in the Hall now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will also be reserved. The question is
on concurring in those amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole which have not
been reserved for a separate vote.
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will now read the reserved amendments
in their order.
The Chief Clerk. The first reserved
amendment is on page 10, line two hundred
and twenty-seven, after the word "dollars" to
insert "store clerk, $1,500; clerk of accounts
and bills, $1,500."
Mr. EDMUNDS. We decided this ques-
tion practically yesterday adverse to that
amendment, on another that was proposed of
the same kind. Therefore I hope the Senate
will disagree to this amendment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Is that the
amendment offered by me?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands it is.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This amend-
ment simply leaves things as they are nowwith-
out reducing at all or increasing the number
of clerks. No reason whatever is given why
this change should be made. These clerks
were stricken out in the House because of the
opinion which some member of the committee
there had in reference to one of the clerks at
one of the yards. These clerks are the general
accountants of the yard for the supervision of
the accounts, and are auditors in their char-
acter. The Secretary of the Navy informed
me here this morning that these clerks were
necessary and important to carry on success-
fully the business of the yards; butif the Sen-
ate see proper without any reason to change
the system and remove the important account-
ants which the Secretary of the Navy tells us
we ought to have, I have no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to put in an hum-
ble but at the same time a decided protest
against our legislating to keep up the vast
machinery that grew up in war times because
the Secretary of the Navy tells me here per-
sonally that he thinks it had better or had bet-
ter not be done. If the Secretary of the Navy
wishes to take the responsibility as a public
officer of keeping up this great machinery, let
him send a communication to us, which will
go on the record and which will stand in his
face for all time to come. So much for the
Secretary of the Navy asking us to do this
thing or that thing here in our seats.
When you come to the fact about this business
you find that all these navy-yards have clerks
duplicated of all sorts and kinds. You have pay-
masters and then you have paymasters' clerks,
and you have pay-rolls and then clerks of pay-
rolls. You have storekeepers and then clerks
to storekeepers, and so on. There must be
some superior officer in every one of these
subordinate departments who is to do nothing
and to hire somebody else at public expense to
do that which he ought to do ; and that is pre-
cisely the point of this amendment. Let this
storekeeper attend to his own accounts ; he
has time enough ; and let us not keep up this
system of a kind of naval aristocracy which
makes the head officer, if he is nothing but
bootblack, head bootblack, and he have noth-
ing whatever to do but receive the salary and
go out in the air with the American flag astern
or before, whichever it may be—my honorable
friend from New Hampshire can tell—to take
his daily airing.
That is the point, and that is the only point.
If you have a naval storekeeper let hitn attend
to his duties personally, and keep his accounts,
as he can do, and not waste the treasure of
the people by authorizing him to employ some-
body to do all the duties that he ought, to do
himself.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting on page 10, line two
hundred and eighteen, after the word "dol-
lars," " store clerk, $1,500 ; clerk of accounts
and bills, $1,500."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think that
ought to be adopted.
Mr. HAMLIN. This makes the applica-
tion of the same officers to the navy-yard at
Kittery as the other yards, and they are just
as necessary there as anywhere else.
In the time of the war, when large forces
were employed at our navy-yards, there was
an officer called a chief accountant, and be
