1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
mce. This would be to infliot ahaavy, unnecessary,
and very unequal burden on the people, to excito
local prejudice against immigration, and by making
the emigrant therecipiont of alms to hurt him fatally
in all the qualities that constitute a useful citizen.
The help the State commission gives him he may
take without humiliation or los« of self-respect, since
it is paid for by himself and dispensed by his own
trustees. A Federal bureau must leave him in sick-
ness cr poverty to the degrading succor of the poor-
hs>a*e.
The commissioners of emigration of the State of
New York are not salaried officers. They receive,
as has been stated, no compensation whatever for
services responsible and often arduous. The task
that they assume is one of pure benevolence, and
their sole reward the conviction which they feel en-
titled to cherish that they are the instruments of a
most wise and noble charity, and the agents of a
very great service to the cause of humanity and the
best interests of the country. Xor is the fund out
of which the New York emigrant establishment is
supported a tax on the emigrant in such sense ns
has been often erroneously asserted and belioved.
It is an optional commutation by the ship-owner of
the liability impo?ed on him by the Stato law, and
which the State in self defense is entitled to impose
in the contingency of the pissenger becoming a
charge upon the people of the State—the liquidation
of a large uncertain penalty by the payment of a
smaller sum.
The right of any State so to protect itself against
the influx of pauperism or disease has been decided
by the Supreme Court of the United States. The
emigrant, to be sure, pays the commutation indi-
rectly in having it charged and included in his
passage money. But how slight a burden it is in
comparison with the advantages it purchases is
proved by the fact that the passage rates are tho
same to ports where there is none or a smaller capi-
tation tax, and where are to be had none of the
advantages extended at the port of New York. It
is from ttiis fund alone that the New York emigrant
establishment is supported. Abolish the commuta-
tion tax, as is contemplated in the bills now before
your honorable bodies, and ipso facto the commis-
sion ceases to exist. Its establishment must be
broken up at once, its trained staff disbanded, its
hospitals evacuated, and two thousand sick and
destitute emigrants, men, women, and children,
including two hundred lunatics, now sheltered and
under medical treatment on Ward's Island, must be
set adrift.
To supersede the New York emigrant commis-
sion is, briefly, to set aside a necessary, well tried,
and valuable public institution for a substitute of
unknown and doubtful utility; to deprive the emi-
grants of safeguards, which no other proposed plans
offer go perfect in extent or in a manner so nearly
consistent with the dignity and independence that
it is our policy to foster in the future American citi-
zen; and, finally, to inflict a great injustice on tho
people of the State of New York, by taking from
themachosen and carefully devisedbulwarkagainst
risks, which they share with the people of no other
State.
Your memorialists desire to say that their official
term is now, in all probability, on the eve of closing,
and in that fact alone they trust that your honor-
able body will find the plainest indication of their
sincerity and disinterestedness in this remon-
strance. With our incoming State Legislature in
full accord politically with the Federal Administra-
tion. it is practicable to make any change either in
powers or personnel of this board which may be
deemed necessary to its complete usefulness. To
abolish it thus summarily and entirely, your memo-
rialists sincerely believe would bo to the last de-
gree impolitic, at a period when it would be so pe-
culiarly easy, through reorganizing, through the
State Legislature, in conformity with the views of
Congress, to retain from the emigrant the main part
of the benefits he is now enjoying.
In conclusion, your memorialists beg to inform
your honorable bodies that, besides the two thou-
sand sick and destitute emigrants already men-
tioned as under their care in the State emigrant
institutions on Ward's Island, more than a thou-
sand others are scattered through the various coun-
ties of the State, who are absolutely and immedi-
ately dependent on the emigrant fund. This total
of over three thousand is certain to be largely
swelled by the sickness and destitution which com-
monly overtake recently-arrived emigrants new to
the rigors of our climate during the winter months;
and now, as heretofore, to meet the heavy claims
upon their resources at this season, the_ commission
must rely upon the great increase of immigration
during summer.
All of which is respectfully submitted:
RICHARD 0'GORMAN,
President of the Commissioners of
Emigration of the State of New York,
JAMES LYNCH,
President of the Irish Em igrant Society
of the City of New York.
SIGISMUND KAUFMANN,
President of the German Society
of the City of New York.
GEORGE J. FORREST,
E. B. HART,
JAS. B. NICHOLSON,
WILLY WALLACH,
Committee of the Commissioners of
Emigration of the State of New York.
New York, January 7, 1873.
IMPROVEMENT OF M0N0NGAHELA RIVER.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War in relation to the improvement of the
Monongahela river, between New Geneva,
Pennsylvania, and Morgantown, West Vir-
ginia ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
LIZZIE GILMER.
On motion of Mr. CREBS, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 610) for the relief of
Lizzie Gilmer, postmaster at Pittsfield, Illi-
nois, was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
EDWARD BERRY, ETC.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, by
unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 1109)
for the relief of Edward Berry, John McFall,
and William H. Judd, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. Those two bills are re-
ferred with the understanding that they cannot
be brought back by a motion to reconsider.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 3183) to authorize the
examination of certain banks.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
ceased, late private company D, fifth regiment
Ohio volunteers.
By Mr. SLOCUM : The petitions of mer-
chants of New York and Brooklyn, for the pas-
sage of the French indemnity bill.
By Mr. WALDEN: The memorial of
John S. Lewis, of Jonesville, Michigan, rela-
tive to French spoliation claims.
PETITION'S, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. BDFFINTON; The memorial of
James H. Eldridge and 32 others, mostly cap-
tains of vessels sailing from New Bedford and
other seaports, praying an appropriation for
and the construction of two breakwaters at the
entrance of the harbor of the island of Cutty-
hunk, Massachusetts.
By Mr. CHIPMAN: The memorial and
resolution of the Legislature of the District of
Columbia in favor of the establishment in the
District of Columbia of the American Print-
ing-House of the Blind and the American
University of the Blind.
By Mr. COX: The petition of Sarah Mor-
isen, of New York, for relief.
Also, the memorial of the Old Dominion
Steamship Company, masters of vessels, &c.,
for a light-house on Winter Quarter shoal, off
Maryland coast.
By IVfr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The petition
of soldiers of the war of 1812, for pension.
By Mr. McCRARY: The petition of Ira
W. Dowthurt, of Rome, Iowa, for pension.
By Mr. McGREW: The petition of C. F.
Laise, S. R. Mead, George J. Pitzer, and S.
H. Laise, residents of Berkeley county, West
Virginia, in relation to the claims of them-
selves and othera for property taken by the
Army of the United States during the late war.
By Mr. MERRIAM: The petition of the
Lawville Academy, Lewis county, New York,
for an appropriation for the purchase of cer-
tain original and important documents relat-
ing to early French discoveries on the lakes
and the Mississippi, never yet published.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of the
officers of the Historical Society of Pennsyl-
vania, asking Congress to make purchase of
Certain original and important documents
relating to the "early French discoveries
on the lakes and the Mississippi."
Also, the petition of Elizabeth W. Prindle,
guardian of minors of Joseph F. Doak, de-
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 9, 1873.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
IIOC3E BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories :
A bill (H. R. No. 1501) to disapprove of
certain legislation in the Territory of Wash-
ington ;
A bill ■ (H. R. No. 2593) to readjust the
western boundary of Dakota Territory ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3362) transferring the
control of certain territorial penitentiaries to
the several Territories in which the same are
located.
The bill (H. R. No. 3252) to enforce the
stipulations of the convention with Venezuela
of April 25, 1866, and the payment of adjudi-
cated claims, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
| tions.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
| The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Massachusetts,
remonstrating against the passage of the bill
which provides that the names of battles with
fellow-citizens shall not be continued in the
! Army Register or placed on the regimental
colors of the United States; which were
ordered to lie'on the table, and be printed.
Mr. HOWE presented twelve petitions of
citizens of Wisconsin, graying for further legis-
lation by Congress for the protection of
immigrants while on shipboard ; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HOWE. I also present a petition from
the officers of the State Historical Society of
Wisconsin, asking that Congress will make an
appropriation to purchase certain volumes of
a History of the Northwest, now in man-
uscript, but which a Mr. Pierre Margry, of
Paris, proposes to publish if the United States
will subscribe for a certain number of copies.
I move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I present the memorial of
the trustees of the Maine State College of
Agriculture and the Mechanic Arts, asking
further endowment. That subject having
been reported upon, and a bill in regard to it
being now before the Senate, I move that the
memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN presented the petition of
Lieutenant Thomas Hislop and thirty-seven
others, citizens of eastern Ohio, praying for
the passage of the soldiers' bounty land bill;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the memo-
rial of the Governors of the New England
States, asking Congress to make a liberal
appropriation to defray the expenses of the
American department of the international?
exhibition at Vienna, Austria, in 1873 s which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
I Relations.
I Mr. PATTERSON presented a petition of
J citizens of Rochester, New Hampshire, pray-
j ing for the prohibition of the manufacture,
I importation, and sale of all intoxicating
