1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1387
had clerks under him; and I apprehend when
he had clerks under him he was a general
supervisor and had very liule to do. This bill
proposes to abolish the head and to leave the
clerks to do the duties which were done when
there was a superior officer over them. The
amendment of my friend from New Jersey,
therefore, is one which abolishes the head
officer, but simply leaves the clerk that he had
there under him. What does that clerk do?
He is the auditor of the yard, and his duties
are, I will state in a very few words in detail;
and they are precisely the same at every yard in
the country. The duties of this clerk are to
examine all bills before they are signed and
approved by the commodore; then to copy them
into an invoice book; then to abridge them and
copy them into a record book, giving the num-
ber of the bill, the date of approval, the bureau
for which it was contracted, contractor's name,
gross amount of bill, the reservation, and the
net amount. Every bill from each bureau
passes through his hands before it is approved,
so that by reference to this record book the
expenditure of the yard for materials for a
day, or a month, or any given time, can be
told at a glance. By turning to the invoice
book every article can be found there, item
by item. He fills the blanks of the various
bills and sends them to the several paymasters
where they are to be paid, and letters are
written by him notifying the parties of the
amounts when the bills are sent.
These are his duties, and they are duties
that require that officer all of the business
hours every day in the week, as I am told.
Now I do not know but that such an officer is
unnecessary; but I apprehend that for the
safety of the Government you require some
auditing power in every yard. There are vari-
ous branches, various departments in each
yard. All their accounts must necessarily pass
through the hands of some individual; and
this language would be more accurate if the
officer were described as the auditor of the yard,
through whose hands all these bills pass 5 and
it is within my own personal knowledge that
iu a variety of instances errors have been de-
tected by this very auditor.
I hope, therefore, that the amendment which
I offer to the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey will be adopted, and then the
amendment as amended adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very sorry to be
obliged to take even two or three minutes of
the time of the Senate at this late hour in the
afternoon, when we wish to pass this bill; J^nt
X ask the attention of the Senate to one fact
that I state, and every Senator can verify it
for himself. Before these subdivisions were
made into bureaus in the various yards, as Bu-
reau of Ordnance, Bureau of Yards and Docks,
Bureau of Construction and Repair, Bureau
of Steam Engineering, and I do not know but
one or two others, i will not attempt to go
through them all, the expenses of all the ser-
vice were not one half what they are now.
When Congress undertook to diminish ex-
penses and simplify affairs by a more method-
ical arrangement the Navy Department or Con-
gress—I do not say that the Navy Department
are responsible for it, because I suppose they
have only followed the law^-created a great
mass of officers and employes, clerks, and ser-
vants, in the various yards, every man having
some one particular thing to attend to and
nothing else; and if it be nothing but lock
the gate he has to have a clerk ; it it be noth-
ing but look after ordnance, he must have a
clerk; it be to look after steam engineering,
he must have a clerk ; and so all the vanous
pay departments are separated m the same
way, running all the way through.
i speak by the book, because when I was a
member of the Committee on Appropriations
we examined it, and to our amazement we
found that this subdivision of duties in the
yards had doubled the expenses of them in
pei forming the same service. And now, when
we undertake to diminish some of these use-
less clerks and to cause the people who under
these subdivisions are put in charge of various
specific duties to attend to them themselves,
instead of employing somebody else to attend
to them, we are met with the statement:
why, there must be accounts kept;" every-
body knows there must be accounts kept;
"there must be clerks:" everybody knows
there must be clerks. But I do not see any
ground why at the navy-yard at Norfolk or
anywhere else there should be ten clerks,
although you call them by different names, to
perform the duties that one or two clerks
ought to perform ; and that is the whole sub-
stance of my objection to this amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to say just one word
which I intended to have said when I was up
before. I understood the Senator from Ver-
mont to say that the Secretary of the Navy, if
he thought these clerks were appropriate,
should say so officially in a communication to
us, so that we might have it, and that, how-
ever highly he respected him, his individual
opinion otherwise than so expressed was not
obligatory here. I only want to say that the
Secretary has said that very thing officially.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear it
read.
Mr. HAMLIN. He has said it in the esti-
mates he has furnished to Congress, in which
he has given in detail these very clerks as
necessary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That opens another
question that I hope the Congress of the Uni-
ted States will investigate some day, as to
where the estimates come from. The Depart-
ments, with a great fidelity to law which they
do not always exercise in other instances, hold
that where the preceding appropriation bill
has provided appropriations for a certain
machinery, useless as it may be, they should
estimate for it the next year; and so they
make up their estimates, not by the Secretary,
but by the very people in each one of the
bureaus, as they are called, who wish to keep
themselves in office, and they send them to
the next superior bureau, whatever it may be,
and that sends them to the next, and so on,
and at last they come to the Secretary, and he
sends them in as a matter of course, and, if
you ask him what he means by it, he merely
says "Congress provided this year for this sort
of machinery, and I only estimate for what it
will cost to carry it on in that way."
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the Senator from
Vermont would hardly expect the Secretary
of the Navy or the Secretary of the Treasury,
or the Secretary at the bead of any of the De-
partments, to perform all the routine duties of
his Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not criticising him.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not think any Secre-
tary is quite competent for that. 1 do not
think he is. 1 suppose that these estimates
for appropriations reach the Secretary pre-
cisely as almost every other paper to which he
puts his name reaches him. It is prepared by
the appropriate officer and in the appropriate
bureau, and he gives it then his supervision,
and he gives it in this case just as much as he
does in any other case; and I say, having sent
it in, it is a communication from him.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If the Secre-
tary of the Navy wanted new clerks added,
there might be some propriety in his sending
an official communication ; but inasmuch as it
is only keeping the same number which exists
now, all that is necessary is to send the formal
communication he has and to inform those
who consult him 011 the subject.
The Senator from Vermont was on the Com-
mittee on Appropriations last year when this
appropriation was made for these very clerks.
It met his approval then, and there is no
change now. 'ihe argument that a man who
turns a key must have a clerk may be very
good, but it does not apply to a chief account-
Int and auditor of the yard. I do not thmk
the subject ought to be disparaged by that
light mode of treatment.
Mr. COLE. There are seven of these
amendments all alike, I believe; The amend-
ment is applicable to each of the seven dif-
ferent navy-yards, and it is to restore or to add
to the clerical force in those yards. The bill
having struck out, the proposition now Is to
replace those clerks. I hope we may have a
vote on this one case, and that may be a test
vote and the others considered decided by the
vote in the one case. I think we can now vote
understanding^. I hope we shall have a vote
at once, and that will finish the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. Is this amendment recom-
mended by the Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. COLE. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to have the
amendment read as amended by the Senator
from Maine.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine to the amendment 011 page 10, line two
hundred and eighteen, after the word "dol-
lars" to insert "storeclerk, $1,500; clerk of
accounts and bills, $1,600."
Mr. DAVIS. That is adding two clerks to
the number allowed already.
The PRESIDING OFEICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine to the amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was non-concurred in—ayes
ten, noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
reserved amendment will be read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The vote applies to all
of that class of amendments which were re-
served. They may all be considered as dis-
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the vote just taken will apply
to all cases of like character, and all such
amendments are non-concurred in. The next
reserved amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The next reserved
amendment is to insert at the end of line sev-
enteen, page 5J, the following proviso :
Prumdod, That no officer on the retired list of the
Navy shall be employed on active duty except in
titnoof war: And provided, That those officers on the
retired list, and those hereafter retired, who were,
or who may be, retired after forty years' service, oir
on attaining the age of sixty-two years, in conform-
ity with section one of the act of December, 1851, and
its amendments, dated June 25,1864, or those who
were or may be retired from incapacity resulting
from long and faithful service, from wounds or
injuries received in the line of duty, from sickness
or exposure therein, shall, after the passage of this
act, be entitled to seventy-five per cent, of the
present sea pay of the grade or rank which they
held at the timo of their retirement. And the rear
admirals provided for in the act of June 5. l 7z,
shall be considered as having been retired as rear
admirals.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand from the state-
ment of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance yesterday that this will increase the
appropriations for the Navy about $250,000.
I do not want to call for the yeas and nays,
but I should like to have a division,
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish to correct the state-
ment just made by the Senator from W est Vir-
ginia. This amendment does not increase the
appropriation at all, because the annual pay
appropriation is sufficient every year, and a
part of it is turned into the Treasury at the
close of the year. It will not increase tin:
expenses to the Government more than
$70,000. , ,
Mr. DAVIS. I have not examined the ques-
tion, and of course cannot speak with knowl-
edge ; but the chairman of the Committee on
Finance of the Senate stated here yesterday
that it would increase the expenses of the
Government $250,000. I think he made lhat
