18T3.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
42d Cong....3d Sbss.
Refunding of Cotton Tax—Mr. Vaughan.
Ho. or Beps.
this sense there is a necessity for our doing
this work.
Necessity 1 why, sir, there is no necessity
for necessity itself! It is a supererogation.
We could get along without what are called
necessities, if we could escape them. So we
can get along without this enterprise to which
our attention is now directed.
But the miners interested say, and so does the
Superintendent of the Bureau of Mines and
Mining, as well as the commissioners sent to
examine it, that if this work shall be con-
structed it will be a work of vast national
importance, and that it will yield an infinite
amount compared with the expenditures in-
curred in making it. We ^re willing to rest
our proposition upon the report of the com-
mission and of the officers of the Government.
They, however, are entitled to this reserva-
tion, and it is right that we should make it.
No officer of the Government, and no discreet
and wise man, in the discussion of a matter of
this importance will so frame his recommenda-
tion or his report as to force upon us or upon
any branch of the Government the acts which
he may think best to be done. They report
what they regard to be the truth of the case,
representing the difficulties and the embarrass-
ments, together with the advantages and the
possibilities; and they leave to us, where it
belongs, the responsibility of the work. In
this interpretation, I am free to say that the
recommendations of all the officers of the.
Government sustain in the strongest degree the
recommendation which the Committee on
Mines and Mining has made. Bight of the
nine members of the committee are hearty
and cordial supporters of this bill. A similar
committee in another body makes the same
report upon the subject, after a thorough and
careful examination. The modifications which
have been made in the measure by that other
committee are embraced in our bill; so that
the two reports are substantially identical in
the request that the Government shall aid the
constructors of the tunnel to the extent of the
proposed loan of $2,000,000. One million five
hundred thousand dollars have already been
expended in the substantial work with a degree
of success which I am told by such men as Mr.
Casserly, of California, surprises one who has
the opportunity to compare the work done
with representations made by the most ardent
promoters and friends of the tunnel. The
statement of Senator Casserlt is fortified by
that of several other gentlemen, to whom I
have felt myself compelled to refer for informa-
tion upon an enterprise which they had in-
spected with more or less interest and care.
Let me say a word of Mr. Sutro. It is some-
times the case that a man by dedicating him-
self to a great work, although prompted by
personal or private interest, becomes a public
benefactor. Mr. Sutro is a man who appears
to stand in this position. He came among us
a stranger. He came here to advocate an idea
that was not only unacceptable but repulsive to
many persons who felt deep interest in the min-
ing interests of the country. Such was its effect
upon my own mind. Year by year for eight
years he has grown in the respect of members
of this House. They have sustained him, I
believe, in every request he has made. He has
encountered opposition such as few other men
have encountered in their plans, but he has
adhered with singular fidelity to his views and
stands triumphant against that opposition.
It is because his cause is just; and I am sure I
can say with entire sincerity, that if the mem-
bers of the House could find time to examine
the numerous statements in connection with
this subject, official or otherwise, they will find
that Mr. Sutro's representations and opinions
upon the subject are not only supported, bnt
that they might have been made stronger than
he has made them in the presentation of his
own case.
He has, therefore, not only an important
national interest to recommend him, but he
has besides the advantage of the honorable
reputation he has made in his intercourse with
committees and members of the House. It is
truth which sustains him—the truth which is
the life of nations, truth, which is the strength
of men wherever and in whatever contest they
may be engaged. So long as he is thus sup-
ported, whether his success shall come sooner
or later, the House, I am sure, will be willing
to sustain him in every just and proper repre-
sentation he may make.
He represents the people of the Pacific
coast. With few exceptions, the masses of
the people and the greater number of the
Representatives of the Pacific coast are with
him. Every territorial Delegate and nearly
all the members on this floor from the min-
eral sections of the country—there are, I
believe, but few exceptions—are his support-
ers against the claims and the clamor of spec-
ulators and capitalists who have interests
adverse to those of the people. Wherever
the people of these States or Territories are
fully represented they will stand generally in
favor of the project he has sustained with so
much enthusiasm and energy. Upon such
representations the House, I believe, will give
this question a fair and candid considera-
tion.
Mr. Speaker, I am aware that this is not a
favorable time to present a subject of this
character. Gentlemen are restrained from
following their own convictions as to the pub-
lic interests on account of matters mainly, if
not wholly, collateral, which have occurred in
relation to other questions. But we must re-
member that we are legislators, and that how-
ever important it may be to protect ourselves,
it is still our duty at all hazards to look to the
interests of the Government and of the people.
It has been well said, if we do justice to
others we shall be just to ourselves. It is for
justice we plead ; justice to those who pursue
an arduous and hazardous calling, and for an
enterprising and I believe honest man, strug-
gling for the promotion of important interests
to which he has dedicated his life, hoping, like
other benefactors of the race, to win an honor-
able name, an adequate reward for his labors.
For justice,
" Every place a temple,
And every season summer."
Refunding of Cotton Tax.
SPEECH OF HON. W.W. VAUGHAN,
os tennessee,
In the House of Representatives,
February 18, 1873,
On the bill (H. It. No. 3564) to refund certain taxes
collected by the United States on raw cotton
during the years 1865.1866,1867, and 1868.
Mr. VAUGHAN. Mr. Speaker, it is the
lot of humanity to err. All men when unduly
excited are apt to act hastily, sometimes un-
justly, and oftentimes commit oppressive and
indefensible acts upon others. Legislative
bodies are but men, and are not exempt from
this common frailty. _ While this is so, it is
equally true that enlightened Christian men,
when passion, malice, or ambition have passed
away, and when reason and a sense of justice
have reassumed their empire, are apt to con-
fess their errors and redress as far as may be
any wrongs committed. Upon this I base my
hope of your action. I beg leave to state our
case. Immediately ensuing the late civil war,
at a time when the land was rent with strife,
when deep prejudice existed against the south-
ern States, when they were wholly unrepre-
sented in Congress, when they were in want,,
misery, rags, and desolation, the Congress of
the United States caused their chief staple,
cotton, which grew nowhere else, to be sin-
gled out and oppressively taxed, while the
people and the productions of twenty-six other
States, tenfold more prosperous, tenfold more
able to bear the burden of taxation, were left
untaxed.
Representatives, now that seven years have
passed away and you have had time to calm,
down from the excitements which prompted
these acts, can you in your consciences and
representing a Christian people justify such
aggressions and oppressions, especially when
perpetrated in violation of the plainest rules
of the Constitution? If it is in order, and not
too late, I propose to make good this assertion,
and in our defense hold up the Constitution
and ask that it be respected. It will not be
forgotten that the Convention which framed the
Constitution was called, not to make a new
Constitution, but to amend the Articles of Con-
federation, and that to provide a more effi-
cient system of revenue than the defective plan
then in force of quotas upon the different States
was the chief object for convening that Con-
vention. Finding the Articles of Confedera-
tion so defective, they determined to frame and
submit a new plan altogether. This was done.
As the leading object was a plan for revenue,
it is not to be wondered at that any plan pro-
posed, whatever that might be, should be more
extensively discussed, carefully and jealously
considered, than any other question what-
ever. If we would rightly understand the dif-
ferent provisions and each and every article
and word embraced in the plan adopted which
we call the Constitution, we must imprint on
our minds the history of the colonies, the ex-
actions and oppressions practiced upon them
by Great Britain, onr history and experience
under the Confederation, and, above all, the
reasons and objects aimed at by those who
framed the Constitution. Looking carefully
into these, we may understand why each and
every article found its place in the Constitu-
tion ; and if not duly considered or overlooked,
pardon me if I say you will be apt to err.
Appealing to these for light and guidance
when considering that clause in the Constitu-
tion which prohibits taxing exports, the student
of history will readily remember the different
and oppressive regulations of trade enacted by
Great Britain, especially the acts of Parlia-
ment prohibiting the colonies from exporting
their products to any other country than Great
Britain, and be at no loss to conclude why
that provision for this with other reasons
was inserted in the Constitution. This is an
expansive subject; I but allude to it. Invit-
ing your attention no further back than to the
debates, reports, and acts of the Congress of
the Confederation, you will find ample mate-
rial for reflection, and much proof, why this
and that provision was inserted in the Consti-
tution. Looking into these debates and re-
ports you will find the question of revenue,
the proper standard of wealth, the proper ob-
jects of taxation, the question of imports and
exports, the commerce of the different States,
and the taxation practiced by the States,
elaborately, ably, and profoundly considered.
I beg leave to call your attention to some
portion of their acts and opinions most perti-
nent to the question at issue. In a reply to
what is termed " Rhode Island's objections, "
prepared by a committee consisting of Mr.
Hamilton, Mr. Madison, and Mr. Fitzim-
mons, December 16, 1782, they use this lan-
guage when speaking of duties upon imports:
" Every class of the community bears its share of
the duty in proportion to its consumption, which
last is regulated by the comparative wealth of the
