1390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
agreement, together with the proofs and papers
in the act required to be filed, and such as the
Secretary of the Interior or Commissioner of
Indian Affairs may require in addition thereto,
consider to be just and reasonable, and not
tainted with fraud, and not exorbitant in its
demands; provided that if the Secretary of the
Interior shall in all cases enter, in writing, on
such original contract, on the record in the office
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, wherein
such original contract is recorded, an official
statement, showing that the contract or agree-
ment, and proofs, have been filed in accordance
with the provisions of the act and considered by
him, and in his opinion the contract or agree-
ment or assignments thereof are not exorbitant
and not fraudulent, and that they are just, the
same shall be valid. But if in the opinion of
the Secretary of the Interior such contract or
agreement, or the assignment thereof, is fraud-
ulent or exorbitant, he shall officially enter his
rejection, in writing, upon the record of such
contract or agreement, and they shall not be
considered of binding force by &ny officer or
employfi of the United States.
The bill, in its fifth section, makes it the
duty of the Secretary of the Interior to cause
an investigation to be made of all existing
contracts or agreements within the purview of
this act now on file in his office, or of the
office of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
or any other office or bureau under his control,
and by special notice to the party or parties
in interest compel, in the ease of each such
contract or agreement, so found on file, the
same strictness of official examination and
indorsement, record, and aworn statement of
fact, as is required by the several provisions
of the act; provided that the investigation
of facts touching the character of any contract
or agreement contemplated by the act may
be made by a commission appointed by the
President for that purpose, who shall report
all such facts to the Secretary of the Interior
in writing.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe I shall have to
object to the present consideration of this bill.
Mr, BANKS. I must ask for the regular
order; otherwise, under the arrangement of
business for to-day, the Committee on Foreign
Affairs may lose the morning hour.
Mr. SHANKS. Permit me to say just a
word. It is absolutely necessary that this bill
should be passed to secure the Indians against
fraud. This is the third of the three bills which
the Committee on Indian Affairs have thought
necessary to protect the Indians from fraud.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
present consideration of this bill?
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask a questi6n,
reserving the right to object until I hear the
answer of my colleague. I desire to ask the
gentleman whether the bill is confined to the
matter of contracts alone, or does it extend to
such subjects as that which was raised on the
bill of last session of my colleague, the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs, in
regard to the Roger Williams University of
Iowa?
Mr. SHANKS. Not at all; it has refer-
ence merely to the contracts made with the
Indians by white men, and only relates to
services as attorney, counsel, &c.
Mr. DUNNELL. I would ask the gentle-
man whether it has reference at all to con-
tracts that have already been made?
Mr. SHANKS. That is just what it refers
to. It provides for such contracts being pre-
sented to the Secretary of the Interior and
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and a record
made of them in the Interior Department.
The Secretary of the Interior and the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs are to ascertain
whether the contracts are or are not fraudu-
lent and exorbitant. And the bill goes so far
as to provide that if a contract is found to be
exorbitant or fraudulent, the officers of the
United States shall not recognize it. This
does not attack their validity, but leaves that
matter to the courts or whatever authority may
deal with it. The House authorized the com-
mittee to make the investigation, and that is
the result of their investigation. I hope the
House will allow it to pass.
There is a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior in regard to this bill, which I desire
to have printed in the Globe.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
The letter is as follows :
Department of the Interior.
Washington, D. C., January 28,1873.
Sib: I have received your letter of the 20th in-
stant, inclosing, for the views of this Department,
House bill No. 3304, relative to private contracts or
agreements with the Indians, and, in reply thereto,
herewith transmit a copy of a letter from the acting
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, dated the 24th in-
stant, in reference to the subject.
The bill is in the right direction, and is calcu-
lated to throw needed guards about a branch of busi-
ness which is liable to great abuse. Any measure
calculated to give the necessary publicity to such
contracts in every stage of their progress cannot fail
to render their terms more equitable and just.
I trust the bill may receive the favorable consid-
eration of Congress.
Very respecttully, your obedient servant,
C. DELANO, Secretary.
Hon. J. P. C. Shanks, Chairman pommittee on
Indian Affairs, House of Representatives.
The bill (H. R. No. 3953) was received and
read a first and second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAttY SWIFT.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
for the present consideration, the bill (H. R.
No. 3653) granting an annuity to Mary Swift,
daughter of Thomas Truxton, late a Commo-
dore in the United States Navy.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information ; after which objections, if any,
will be in order.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name
of Mary Swift, daughter of Thomas Truxton,
deceased, late commodore in the United States
Navy, on the pension-roll, and allow her a pen-
sion at the rate of $100 per month, to be paid
as in manner now provided by law in such
cases.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the reading of
the report in this case.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that there is no report. There is a letter,
which the Clerk will read.
The Clerk read the letter.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to add something
in addition to what has been so well said by
the Secretary of the Navy in his letter on this
subject, and it is that this lady's son was lost
on the Hornet, with all on board, off Tam-
pico, in 1829, and I think we ought to soften
the pillow of the declining years of this old
lady, now approaching eighty years of age.
Mr. MOORE. I am compelled to object to
the bill.
REPUBLIC OF SPAIN.-
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 3139)
to provide for the adjustment and equitable
distribution of the award made to the United
States by the commissioners at Geneva, under
the treaty of Washington.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
for a moment to my friend from Vermont [Mr.
Willard] to offer a resolution which will lead
to no debate.
Mr. WILLARD. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following joint resolution:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Con-
gress assembled, That the Congress of the United
States have lftaraed with sincere satisfaction that a.
republican government has been peaceably estab-
lished in Spain, and they cordially congratulate the
Cortes and people of that country upon an event
promising so much for the impartial liberty and
beneficent progress of all the inhabitants of the
Spanish nation.
And be it further resolved. That the President be
requested to communicate a copy of this resolution
to the Spanish Government.
Mr. BANKS. I must object to that resolu-
tion because it recognizes slavery in the col-
onies of Spain.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported they had examined
and found duly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 1296) to authorize the con-
struction of a fire-proof building at Lincoln,
the capital of Nebraska; and
An act (S. No. 1354) in relation to mineral
lands.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that they
had examined and found duly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same: •
An act (S. No. 714) to provide for the erec-
tion of a post office building at Dover, in the
State of Delaware ;
An act iS. No. 107) for the relief of the
heirs or legal representatives of George C.
Bestor;
An act (H. R. No. 2629) amendatory of an
act setting aside certain proceeds of internal
revenue for the erection of penitentiaries in
the Territories of Nebraska, Washington, Col-
orado, Idaho, Montana, Arizona, and Dakota,
approved January 22, 1867;
An act (H. R. No. 3412) prohibiting gift
enterprises in the District of Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. 3481) to authorize the
trustees of the Presbyterian congregation of
Georgetown to dispose of real estate;
An act (H. R. No. 3534) authorizing the
First National Bank of Watkins, New York,
to change its location and name;
An act (H. R. No. 3309) to provide for ob-
taining information of the condition of banks
organized under State laws ;
An act (H. R. No. 2620) to remit the excise
taxes upon alcohol used by universities and
colleges for scientific purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 3506) for the relief of
John Miller;
An act (H. R. No. 3367) for the relief of
Emma E. Gardner, the widow of Lieutenant
W. F. Gardner;
An act (H. R. No. 2979) for the relief of
Robert K. Enbody;
An act (H. R. No. 2689) creating an addi-
tional land district in the Territory of Arizona;
An act (H. R. No. 2470) granting a pension
to Robert H. Brown, of Adair county, Mis-
souri ;
An act (S. No. 1199) for the construction of
a court house, post office, and other Govern-
ment offices at Grand Rapids, Michigan;
An act (H. R. No. 2409) granting a pension
to Mary A. Shoemaker;
An act (H. B. No. 2259) for the relief of
James M. Hagar;
An act (H. R. No. 1709) for the relief of
Major John W. Todd; and
An act (H. R. No. 1320) to remove the dis-
abilities of certain persons herein named.
PRISON DISCIPLINE, ETC.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a message from the
President of the United States, transmitting a
report, from the Secretary of State communi-
cating the report of E. C. Wines, appointed
by the President under joint resolution of Con-
gress of March 20, 1871, to attend the inter-
national congress at London on penitentiary
and reformatory discipline, together with a
summary of the proceedings of the late na-
tional prison discipline congress at Balti-
more; which was ordered to be printed, and
