426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
place at the head of the Calendar until it shall
be called up for action.
mississippi river bridges.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1011) to authorize the construction of
certain bridges over the Mississippi river and
over St. Croix lake or river.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have an impression that
when that bill was last up the Senator from
Wisconsin who is now absent from the city
[Mr. Carpenter] objected to its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has gone
over under a previous order, but it appears to
be printed on the Calendar.
officers and crew of ship wyoming.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 291) for the relief of the officers and
crew of the United States ship Wyoming.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was re-
ported by the Senator from New Jersey not
now present, [Mr. Stockton,] from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, with amendments,
and the amendments reported by the com-
mittee at a previous session were agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am in favor of that
bill, but I suppose it is impossible to pass it
without debate, and certainly, in the absence
of the Senator who has charge of it, it had
better go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
advancement in the nayy.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1100) to repeal certain provisions of
the laws of the United States relating to
advancement in the Navy.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It proposes
to repeal section six of the act to amend an
act to establish and equalize the grade of line
officers of the United States Navy, approved
July 16, 1862, approved April 21, 1864, and
the act entitled "An act to provide for an
advance of rank to officers of the Navy and
Marine corps for distinguished merit," ap-
proved January 24, 1865.
Mr. ANTHONY. This bill repeals an act
that was passed during the war allowing offi-
cers for distinguished merit to be advanced
not more than thirty numbers in their grade, on
the nomination of the President and confirm-
ation by the Senate. The war has ceased long
ago. A few nominations are occasionally
made.now, and some of them have been en-
gineered through the Senate ; some were mer-
itorious and some were not; but advancements
of this kind give great discontent to the officers
of the Navy, and I am sure the committee
were unanimous in recommending the repeal
of the act.
Mr. HAMLIN. If this bill shall pass, as
I understand it, repealing the existing law, it
will prevent the promotion of naval officers by
advancement by numbers ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I am against the bill.
I hope it will not be passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine objects to the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall object to it in every
form in which it may come up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will re-
main on the Calendar.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Senator from Maine is
mistaken in regard to the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I asked the Senator who
reported it.
Mr. ANTHONY. It prevents officers from
being jumped over those above them thirty
numbers. The law now allows the President
to nominate for advancement not more than
thirty numbers an officer in his grade, for mer-
itorious services 
Mr. CRAGIN. Not for meritorious services,
but for extraordinary heroism.
Mr. ANTHONY. For extraordinary hero-
ism in the face of the enemy during the last
war. Those cases have all been disposed of,
and certainly we do not now find it necessary
to reward any officer by promotion for extra-
ordinary heroism in the face of the enemy
during the war.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well, then, on that
statement I have no objection to the bill. I
withdraw my objection.
The bill was considered as in Committee of
the Whole by unanimous consent. The bill
was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
helen m. smith.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2412) granting a pension to Helen
M. Smith, which was reported adversely from
the Committee on Pensions, on the 17th of
May, by the Senator from Nebraska, [Mr.
tiptoe]
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that that bill be
recommitted to the Committee on Pensions,
so as to allow the lady named to present addi-
tional evidence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, that order will be made. The Chair
hears no objection.
bankrupt act.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 444) to amend an act entitled "An act
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States," and the sev-
eral acts amendatory thereof.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Wis-
consin who reported that bill [Mr. Car-
penter]! being absent, I suggest that for that
reason, if not for others, it had better lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
department of justice.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1891) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish the Department of Jus-
tice, and for other purposeswhich wascon-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill proposes to amend the twelfth sec-
tion of the act to establish the Department of
Justice, and for other purposes, approved June
22, 1870, so as to read as follows:
That it shall be the duty of the Attorney Gen-
eral to make to Congress, at the commencement of
each regular session of Congress, areport of the busi-
ness of the said Department for the last preceding
fiscal year, and of any other matters appertaining
thereto that he may deem proper, including a state-
ment of the several appropriations now or which
may hereafter be placed under its control, the
amount appropriated, and a detailed statement of
the amounts used for defraying the expenses of the
United States courts in each judicial district; also,
the statistics of crime under the laws of the United
States, and, as far as practicable, under the laws of
the several States; also, a statement of the number
of causes, civil and criminal, pending during the
preceding year in each of the several courts of the
United States.
The bill further requires the Secretary of
the Interior to furnish to the head of the
Department of Justice, from time to time, as
they may be published, a sufficient number
of the copies of the statutes of the United
States and of the reports of the Supreme
Court of the United States, to be by him dis-
tributed to such officers of the courts of the
United States as are now or may .hereafter be
by law entitled to receive them. A register
of such books is to be kept, under the author-
ity of the head of the Department of Justice,
showing the quantity of each kind received by
him; and it is to be his duty to cause to be
entered in such register, and at the proper
time, when, where, and to whom the same, or
any part of them, have been distributed and
delivered, and to report the same to Congress
in his annual report.
S| ?An amendment was reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to strike out in lines
seventeen and eighteen the words "as far as
practicable under the laws of the several
States; also," so as to read:
Also, the statistics of crime under the laws of the
United States, and a statement of the number of
causes, civil and criminal, pending during the pre-
ceding year in each of the oourts of the United
States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
practitioners in federal courts.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2774) to prevent certain officers of
the United States and Territories from prac-
ticing as attorneys or solicitors in courts of the
United States in certain cases; which was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that no clerk, assistant or deputy
clerk, or of any territorial, district, or circuit
court, or of the Court of Claims, or the
Supreme Court of the United States, or mar-
shal or deputy marshal of the United States
within the district for which he is appointed,
shall act as solicitor, proctor, attorney, or
counsel in any cause depending in either of
these courts, or in any district for which he is
acting as such officer. Whoever shall violate
this provision is to be stricken from the roll
of attorneys by the court upon complaint, of
which the respondent shall have due notice
and be heard in his defense ; and in the case
of a marshal or deputy marshal so acting, he
is to be recommended by the court for dis-
missal from office.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
territorial delegates.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 1028) to amend an act entitled
"An act relating to members of Congress,
heads of Departments, and other officers of
the Government," approved June 11, 1864.
The bill was read. It proposes to extend
the provisions of an act relating to members
of Congress, heads of Departments, and other
officers of the Government, approved June 11,
1864, so as to apply in all respects to Dele-
gates from the Territories and the District or
Territory of Columbia.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not understand
that bill at this moment, and therefore I ask
that it be reported or that it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be
reported again subject to objection, if the
Senator desires.
The bill was again read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have
some Senator explain the meaning of that bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I am informed by my
friend from Nebraska [Mr. Hitchcock] that
it is merely in effect to extend the provisions
of law prohibiting members of Congress from
doing certain things, to Delegates from the
Territories. Members of Congress are now
excluded from practicing as attorneys, for
example, before the Departments and Court
of Claims ; and the Senator tells me that this
is a bill merely to extend that to Delegates.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Trumbull] is here and he can tell
all about it. He reported the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not the bill
before me, but I think it explains itself. The
law as it stands does not embrace the Dele-
gates from Territories.
Mr. THURMAN. What law ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The law prohibiting
members of Congress from practicing before
the heads of Departments. It is not extended
to Delegates from the Territories. This is a
mere extension of that law to the Delegates
from Territories, putting them upon the same
footing in regard to practicing before the De-
partments and advocating claims as is occupied
by members of Congress.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
