1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
427
The bill wag reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the ameudment
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2987) to
authorize the erection of a public building at
Evansville, Indiana.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 3364:) regulating the com-
pensation of the members and officers of the
Legislative Assemblies of the several Territo-
ries of the United States and limiting the dur-
ation of the sessions of said Assemblies; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3305) to amend section
twelve of an act entitled "'An act to authorize
the appointment of shipping commissioners,''
ifcc., approved June 7, 1872.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the en-
rolled bill (H. R. No. 3183) to authorize the
examination of certain banks; and it was
thereupon signed by the President.
the calendar.
Mr. SHERMAN. As we have but three or
four minutes of the morning hour left, I move,
for the convenience of the Senate and for the
convenience of claimants, that after the pass-
age of the Indian appropriation bill the con-
sideration of the Calendar be continued and
completed according to the order heretofore
adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio asks unammoua consent that, after the
completion of the Indian appropriation bill,
the Calendar, under what is known as the
Anthony rule, shall be the special order to the
exclusion of other business.
Mr. CRAGIN. I feel inclined to object to
that motion. Before the recess, the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs reported a House bill to
authorize the Secretary of the Navy to build
ten sloops of war.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will get at
that bill, which I am willing to take up, much
quicker by having this Catendar disposed of.
Mr. CRAGIN. My intention was to move
the bill immediately after the conclusion of
the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us have a vote on
my proposition. I think it will expedite busi-
ness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that uuder the Anthony rule the Senate
can, when considering the Calendar, determ-
ine at any time by a majority vote to take up
any particular bill. The next bill on the Cal-
endar will be read.
new trials in court of claims.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 030) in relation to new trials in the
Court of Claims; which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The bill proposes to amend the second sec-
tion of the act of Congress approved June
25, 1868, to provide for appeals from the
Court of Ciaims, and for other purposes, so
that thereafter every motion for a new trial in
pny case decided by the Court of Claims shall
be presented to the court if in session, or to a
judge thereof in vacation, together with the
evidence and proofs upon which the motion is
founded, within six months after the rendition
of judgment in the case by the court, and not
afterward. And if, upon the evidence and
proofs, the court or judge shall be of opinion
that fraud, wrong, or injustice has been done
in the premises, the court or judge shall order
the motion and proofs to be filed of record in
the case, and a rule shall be granted to show
cause why a new trial should not be granted.
The court or judge may, at the same time, if
deemed necessary and proper, grant an order
staying the payment of the judgment until
after the final determination of the new trial,
or until further orders in the premises. But
in any cause wherein the judgment of the Court
of Claims has been already rendered, this
limitation of six months shall commence from
the date of the passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
oath of office.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill j•
(H. R. No. 2770) to repeal certain statutes 1
prescribing an oath of office, which was read. j \
Mr. MORTON. I ask to have that bill p
reported again. i,
The Chief Clerk again read the bill, as fol-
lows: i
Be it enacted, <fce., That the act entitled "An act
to prescribe an oath of office, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 2, 1802, and the act entitled
'An act prescribing an oath of office to be taken by
persons fi urn whom legal disabilities shall have been
removed," approved July 11, 1868, be, and the same
are hereby, repealed.
Mr. CONKLING. I think that is a good
bill to lie over. I object to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
testimony of accused parties.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 21) to allow persons accused of
crime to testify in their own behalf in the
courts of the United States; which was re-
ported adversely by the Committee ou the
Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question iB
on the indefinite postponement of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let it go over.
Mr. THURMAN. Iam in favor of the bill,
and I want to discuss it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be passed
over.
tax on state salaries.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 813) to provide for the refunding of
' taxes paid by State officers upon their salaries.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Let that be
passed over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
: passed over. The morning hour has expired,
and the unfinished business of yesterday is
before the Senate.
; officers and crew of the wyoming.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask unanimous consent
j, that the bill (S. No. 291) for the relief of the
ji officers and crew of the United States ship
|j Wyoming, which was passed over at my sug-
!i gestion, may be reinstated in its place.
;} The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
j; from Rhode Island asks that the bill (S. No.
j| 291) for the relief of the officers and crew of
j| the United States ship Wyoming, passed over
! in consequence of the absence of the Senator
from New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton,] may be
regarded as the first bill on the Calendar when
it is again reached under the Anthony rule.
The Chair hears no objection, and it is so
dered.
i executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
lay before the Senate a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting, incompliance with
a resolution of May 10, 1872, offered by the
Senator from California, [Mr. Cole,] reports
relative to the expediency of reserving Goat
Island for military purposes, &c.; which will
be laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed. There are accompanying maps which
, under the rule will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing, that the question of the
cost of their printing may be ascertained.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 6th instant, reports relative to
the expenses incurred by the Territories of
Washington and Oregon in the suppression of
Indian hostilities in 1856; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
indian appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2989) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1874, and for other purposes,
the pending question being on the amendment
of Mr. Logan, to insert at the end of line four-
teen hundred and sixty five:
Provided, That the sale of arms or ammunition in
any quantities, by any of the traders or their agents,
at any of the trading posts or at any other place
within any district or oountry occupied by uncivil-
ized Indians, to any Indian or to any other person
within suoh district or districts, shall forfeit their
right to trade with the Indians: and the Secretary
of the Interior shall exclude suoh trader or traders,
and their agents so offending, from suoh district or
territory of oountry so occupied.
Mr. WRIGHT. Would it be in order to
move a substitute for that amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) That is in order.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move, then, to substitute
for the pending amendment the following:
Provided, That if any trader, his ageut, or any
person acting for or undar him, shall sell any arms
or ammunition at his trading post or other place
within any district or country occupied by uncivilized
or hostile Indians contrary to the rule* and regula-
tions of the Seoretary of the Interior, suoh trader
shall forfeit his right to trade with the Indians, and
the said Secretary shall exclude suoh trader and the
agent or other person so offending from such district
or country so occupied; and the said Secretary is
hereby directed and required to adopt such rules as
may be necessary to prohibit suoh sales and to
enforoe the same.
The reason for offering this substitute is
this: I understood the day before yesterday,
when this question was pending in the Senate,
that there was no difference between my col-
league and the Senator from Illinois as to the
principle involved, but my colleague was
apprehensive that if the amendment was
passed as offered by the Senator from Illinois
the effect of it would be to prevent the sale
of arms or ammunition under any circum-
stances by agents or post traders. Now, my
substitute leaves the matter in such a position
that the Secretary of the Interior can adopt
rules and regulations upon this subject. He
can prohibit such sales in certain cases, and
he may allow such sales in certain cases.
Where there are sales in contravention to the
rules thus adopted, then the trader forfeits
his license under my amendment, and he
may be removed by the Secretary of the
Interior. In this way I think that I reconcile
the difference which obtained between the
two Senators and get at the principle they
are both after.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not wish to detain the
Senate; but I desire to call the attention of
Senators to the principle involved in this
amendment.
From the remarks of the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Harlan] the other evening on my amend-
ment, I took it for granted that his idea of
civilizing the Indians was to civilize them in
part by furnishing them arms and ammunition.
My views of the question of civilization as
applicable to Indian tribes differ somewhat
from the views expressed by other Senators.
I have heretofore, not at all times but recently,
advocated the policy adopted by the Adminis-
tration in reference to the civilization of the
Indian tribes. I have thought that at least it
was better to try it as an experiment, that it
was worth a trial, that if we could go with
bread in one hand and the teachings of Chris-
tianity and the Bible in the other to the Indian
tribes and thereby mollify their savage nature
and to some extent make them more peaceful
and quiet and law-abiding, it would be better
