18*73.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
42d Gong 3d Sess.
Refunding of Cotton Tax—Mr. Bright.
Ho. of Reps.
in any State should be deficient it will be laid on
another article."
Mr. Marshall said:
"Cannot Congress regulate taxes so as to be equal
on all parts of the community ? Where is the ab-
surdity of having thirteen different revenues? Will
they clash with or injure each other? If not, why
cannot Congress have thirteen distinct laws and
impose the taxes on the general objects of taxation
in each State, so that all persons in society shall pay
equally as they ought?"
But to still further strengthen the position
that a tax on the raw production ought to be
considered as part of the land, for the purpose
of direct taxation, I rely upon the opinion of
Justice Patterson in the case of' Hylton vs.
United States, (3 Dall., 171.) As this case
has been relied upon as antagonistic to our
view, I remark that the court only judicially
decided that the act of 1794, imposing a tax
oa each carriage for conveyance. &c., was a
tax on consumption and fell under the uni-
formity rule. It is true that Justice Chase
expressed an obiter opinion, saying :
" I am inclined to think that the direct taxes con-
templated by the Constitution are only two, namely,
a capitation or poll-tax" * * * * " and a
tax on land.
"X doubt whether a tax by a general assessment of
personal property within the United States is in-
cluded within the term direct tax."
It will be seen that he expressed only an
opinion from a judicial speculation, whether a
general assessment of personal property was
the subject of a direct tax. But Justice Pat-
terson, who was a member of the Convention
which formed the Constitution, in the same case
spoke directly to the principle involved in the
cotton tax. He said:
"It is not necessary to determine whether a tax
on the produce of land be a direct or indirect tax.
Perhaps the immediate product of the land, in its
original and crude state, ought to be considered a
part of the land."
So the court did not decide whether a tax on
the produce of land be a direct or indirect tax;
but the drift of the opinion was that it ought to
be considered a part of the land itself.
But to hug the issue a little closer, I pro-
pose to show that a land tax does not mean
simply a tax on the glebe or soil in the sense
of the Constitution and the practice of our
Government. If the framers of the Constitu-
tion intended to provide for only two direct
taxes, a captation and a land tax, why did
they not write it " no capitation" or land tax
shall be laid, instead of " other direct tax
shall be laid," and thus have saved the judi-
ciary from the agony of construction and pos-
terity from the infliction of ruinous discrim-
inations? They surely did not intend to use
the terms " other direct tax" as the synonym
of land tax, and then to restrict that to the
glebe. Our Government has not regarded
it in such a sense. Congress has laid five
direct taxes by assessment and apportionment,
by acts ofl798, 1813, 1815, 1816, and 1861.
The subjects of taxation were lands, improve-
ments, dwelling houses, and slaves, except the
act of 1861 dropped slaves from the list.
Chief Justice Chase, in Veazie Bank vs.
Fenno, 8 Wal., 543, says, commenting on
these acts:
"Congress, after 1798, regarded slaves for purposes
of taxation as realty." *****
" Under the the act of 1798 slaves were assessed at
fifty cents on each; under other acts, according to
valuation by assessors." *   * * *
"As persons, slaves were proper subjects of capita-
tion tax; as property, they were by the laws of
some, if not the most of the States, classed as real
property, descendible to heirs. Under the first view
they would be subject to the tax of 1798 as a capita-
tion tax; under the latter they would be subject to
taxation as realty."
Then the conclusion is inevitable that if
the slave was considered a part of realty for
purposes oi taxation, with how much greater
propriety should raw productions be consid-
ered a part of the land -which gave them exist-
ence ? Then for taxing purposes a tax on the
production would be a tax on the land.
In the line of the same principle the Su-
preme Court of the United States has held
that a tax on the importer is a tax on the
goods imported, and a stamp tax on the clear-
ance is a tax on the goods exported. But
suppose we are met with the opinion of Chief
Justice Chase in Veazie Bank vs. Penno, be-
fore alluded to. This is not a case in point.
It only involved the constitutionality of the
act of Congress of 1863 imposing a tax of
ten per cent, on the currency of the State and
national banks. He reviews the case of Hyl-
ton vs. United States (3 Dall.) and the action
of Congress on the subject of direct taxes, and
says:
" This review shows that personal property, con-
tracts, occupations, and the like have never been
regarded by Congress as proper subj ects of taxation."
Bearing in mind that this statement is rather
historic than judicial, I reply—
1. That Congress had no occasion to " levy
a general assessment on personal property"
by direct tax, which power was doubted bat
not denied in Hylton vs. United States, but
which was affirmed might be done by Hamil-
ton, Madison, Marshall, and Ellsworth, who
was afterward Chief Justice, he saying that
"the sum allotted to a State may be levied
without difficulty according to the plan used
in a State for raising its own supplies."
2. That because Congress did not attempt
to tax under a general assessment is not evi-
dence that Congress had not power to do so.
3. That before the cotton tax Congress
never having pretended to tax any farm pro-
duction by name, leaves us to infer that Con-
gress considered the productions taxed in the
assessment on the land.
As already shown, the productions may be
reached by a direct tax on all the lands in the
United States, and in this way it would spread
and give an even bearing on all the States,
instead of bulking it on a few. It has been
judicially determined that "Congress has
clearly no power to exempt any State from its
due share of the burden" of taxation. (Lough-
boro vs. Blake, 5 Wheat., 317.) It was never
intended that the property and labor of one
State should be taken to pay taxes for another.
No State, as a mark of favor, was, like Joseph,
to wear "a coat of many colors," nor like
Benjamin, to receive a " mess " of Government
favors "five times as much as the others." But
see what a miserable one-sided affair the cot-
ton tax was! The Government collected
about $64,779,681 47 in 1865-66-67, which
was paid by the producers of eleven States,
the other twenty-six States paying nothing.
But to close in on the practical point: the
Government wants money, not a part of the
farmer's land, nor a poll-scalp, nor the work
beast, nor cotton, nor tobacco, but it wants
money, which may be apportioned among all
the States ; for they all have money, all have
property on which it may be levied, and all
have population to furnish the standard of
apportionment; all were to be equal in rights,
equal in privileges, equal in obligations, and
equal in burdens.
All of these principles were violated in the
cotton tax, which was in reality a land tax,
and could only be taxed under the apportion-
ment rule in an assessment with the land,
which was not done. Therefore, the acts of
Congress imposing the taxes were void.
UNIFORMITY RULE.
The cotton tax connot find sanctuary under
this rule. The taxes falling under this rule
were "duties, imposts, and excises," which,
in the imperative language of the Constitution,
"shall be uniform throughout the United
States." The uniformity was to be both geo-
graphical and personal. _ The same duties shall
be laid in all the ports in the " States and Ter-
ritories throughout the United States, and the
same income taxes and excises should operate
alike, including the District of Columbia,"
as held in Loughboro vs. Blake, (6 Wheat.
317.)
The Supreme Court, in Hylton vs. United
States, says that these are " taxes on expenses
and consumption "—mark the words—and
" all taxes on expenses and consumption are
indirect taxes."
Adam Smijh says :
"The duties of excise are imposed chiefly upon
goods of home produce and destined for home con-
sumption."— Vol. 3. 340.
McCulloch, on taxation, says of excises:
"They are charged on certain articles produced
within the country and intended for home consump-
tion."—203, 241.
The political economists, Mill, Perry, Peto,
and Say concur with them. -
These authorities bring it down level to
the comprehension of every mind, that these
"duties, imposts, and excises" were intended
to fall alone on home consumption and home
expenses.
Now for the cotton tax. All will agree that
the producer paid the tax, directly or indi-
rectly, in the first instance, (except that part
of the cotton which he sold before the incum-
bency of the taxes,) for the cotton was under
a sort of inland embargo, and the prepayment
of the tax was indispensable to its removal.
But did the farmer get it back in the consump-
tion? I know that some financiers have con-
tended that this sort of a tax is not lost to
the contributors, but is restored to them in the
expenditure of the Government. McCulloch
on Taxation most happily explodes the fallacy.
Take his illustration:
" The farmer sold as much corn, or other produce,
as was worth fifty dollars; he next paid away these
fifty dollars to a tax collector. And the person who
received the fifty dollars from the tax collector now
comes to the farmer and offers them back to him, on
condition of his receiving an equivalent m corn or
other produce. This is the way in wbieh the money
drawn from the pockets of the public by taxation
always reverts to them. And if it enrich any one, it
is obvious it must do so by making him pay twice
for the same sum of money I"—13-14.
Any one can see that the farmer is out $100
in the two transactions, and has only fifty dol-
lars in his pocket! It would be a fruitless
effort to convince the farmer who raised nine
bales of cotton, and gave three, or the pro-
ceeds of three, of them to pay his cotton tax,
that the money ever reverted to his pocket,
either from the Government, or in any in-
creased price of his remaining six bales. But
did the farmer get a restitution of his tax by
adding it to the price of sales ? This he could
not do, because he could not force his cotton
upon the consumption of the United States.
After the home market was supplied, more
than two thirds of his crop lay at the feet of
the foreign cotton broker.
The revenue powers of our Government
were never intended to derive a revenue from
foreign consumption; indeed we have no
power to regulate the consumption of the citi-
zens of foreign Governments. Our indirect
taxes looked alone to raising revenue out of
our own citizens. Then what was the predic-
ament of the cotton producers ? The Govern-
ment had taken one third of the value of their
crops to pay taxes ; had abandoned them, with
the remaining two thirds, to grapple with for-
eign brokers, foreign Governments, and foreign
competition. They were compelled to sell.
They had anticipated really about the full
value of the crops, after paying taxes, in the
payment of labor and other expenses of pro-
duction. How deplorable their condition 1
The goads of necessity were behind them ;
bankruptcy before them; the face of their
