428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
forus all. Therefore, I have been willing to try
it to see whether or not it would prove effectual.
But my theory in reference to arms and am-
munition being dealt out to Indians, as 1 said,
differs somewhat from the theory of other
s;eiitlemen. I do not believe it is a good pol-
icy in civilizing Indians or any other uncivil-
ized people to deal out to them the very things
wnh which and by which they can commit the
tno<t barbarous acts and most atrocious crimes
and offenses against civilization. If we feed the
Imi'in and furnish him blacksmith shops,
and clothes, and tools, and farming utensils,
and oxen, and everything that is necessary for
the purpose of adapting him to the profession
of agriculture, it is to that extent good; but
if at the same time we give them the materials
of war, and thereby prevent them from settling
down in quietude, and following peaceful pur-
suits, we never shall civilize them. Go to the
border where you will, in any country, and you
will find even in civilized nations among those
who make a livelihood entirely by hunting, by
fishing, not as a sport merely, but as an occu-
pation. that there civilization is dwarfed and
driven from their midst to a certain extent.
It is because of this that our people always
view those living on the frontiers as persons
not so far advanced in civilization and intelli-
gence as those in other portions of the couu-
try. On the frontiers the pursuits followed by
the people are not so diversified as elsewhere ;
education is not so general; thecommon-school
system is not as well advanced as it is in com-
munities which are older and more fully de-
veloped. I think this plain rule is applicable
to all classes, that as long as you furnish the
savage with material to hunt the buffalo and
material to commit offenses against the law
and civilization, just as long you will fail in
civilizing the Indian tribes.
Now, sir, the very evening that my friend
from Iowa made his earnest speech in opposi-
tion to my amendment—and he is always so
earnest in measures that he advocates that he
almost always leads me to believe that he is
right; his earnestness is impressive and his
arguments are very good—on taking up the
Evening Star of this city, I found this par-
agraph :
"Indinn Fight.—A hunting party of Pawnees and
Sioux Indiana had a severe fight recently 011 the
Republican fork sonth of North Platte, Nebraska.
Several Sioux Iudian9 were killed. The United
States troops have started to protect the settlers."
I ask the Senator from Iowa to tell me how
it occurred that the Pawnees and the Sioux
just a few days ago had a battle while they
were on a hunt? They had a battle and a
portion of the Sioux were killed, and a part
of the Army of the United States has been
ordered there to protect the settlers. Why
all this, sir? It is because the traders located
in the midst of these tribes have furnished
them the material of war; and will any Sen-
ator say that the Indian is advanced or that
any other cla3s of people has been or ever will
be advanced by teaching them the art of war,
or that they will be advanced by pursuing the
avocation of hunting for a living? I believe \
no man will say that who has posted himself <
in reference to the advance of civilization in
all countries.
My own theory is that they ought not to be
furnished arms and munitions of war. There
has not been a white man or a white woman
killed for years on the frontier by Indians but
has received the death-blow from a bullet or
from powder that has been sold to the Indians
by a white man. It is that characteristic which,
I am sorry to say, enters into our nature more,
perhaps, than that of any other people—the
desire of greed and gain—that causes this.
These men, for the purpose of gain, are will-
ing to furnish the materials of destruction for
the destroying of the animals on the plains,
that they may procure the hides of the buffalo,
out of which they make an enormous profit;
and to secure that profit they are willing to fur-
nish these savage tribes with the warlike mate-
rials with which to destroy the lives of the set-
tlers on the frontier. Sir, it is nothing more
nor less than the desire for pecuniary gain that
causes the destruction of life on the frontiers.
That a people pretending to be civilized and
Christianized should be willing to furnish the
material lor the murder of their own race for
the purpose of making a few dollars strikes
me as a strange kind of civilization.
I refer to the massacre that occurred in the
State which the Senator from Minnesota so
well represents, in 1862. There the Sioux
Indians perpetrated the most bloody, the most
foul massacre that has ever been known in
this country. White people were killed, their
heads split open ; they were scalped ; in fact,
were quartered. The reading of the details
of that massacre would make the blood curdle
in the veins of any civilized man. And yet,
sir, the very material that produced the mur-
der and the slaying of the civilized and Chris-
tainized people of that community was sold
to the Indians by agents who had a license to
do so from a Government that pretends to be
civilizing the very tribe that perpetrated the
murders. While we furnish the material to
savages to slay our own people, we ought not
to say that we are advancing in civilization, as
we would have the world believe we are.
Take the Sioux Indians—the different tribes
of Sioux Indians who are warlike—I do not
care by what name they are called, the Red
Cloud Indians, the Tetons, or any others, for
they are all warlike; take the Apaches, who
now infest some of our Territories, who are a
roaming, warlike tribe, and I venture the
assertion that out of two thousand murders
of settlers that have been perpetrated within
a few years by the Apache tribe, fifteen hun-
J dred at least have been, perpetrated by the
very lead and powder and guns that were sold
to them by the licensed agents of the United
States of America.
Is it possible that it can be claimed that in
oar attempt to civilize the Indians we ought to
furnish them the material with which they per-
petrate war, and thereby cause us in return to
make war upon them? Why do we make war
upon the Indians? Because the Indians in-
vade the sacred precincts of the homes of
civilized man. Why do they do that? We first
furnish them the material with which to mur-
der our citizens, and then because they have
murdered our citizens we murder them. Why,
sir, the first cause of all is ourselves. We fur-
nish the material by which the murders are
committed and then make war therefor.
I am opposed to that kind of civilization. I
do not believe it is right. If you furnish them
a blacksmith shop in order to furnish tools
for agricultural purposes, and then furnish
them powder and ball and guns, they will retire
from the blacksmith shop, they will retire from
the farm, they will retire from the agency, and
they will go on a hunt, hunting the wild game
and the buffalo of the plains that the traders
profit by, and on those very hunts the Indians
commit warlike acts and depredations upon
our fellow-citizens, and then in order to pro-
tect our citizens we commence war against
them and incur immense expense.
Now, sir, we are appropriating five or six
million dollars per annum for the feeding
and protecting of the Indians, and at the same
time we are appropriating millions of dollars
for the purpose of keeping a standing army to
protect the settlers against those Indians, and
in my judgment these expenditures will never
cease until we cease furnishing the savage
tribes with the material by which they perpe-
trate their murders.
My friend from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] said
the other day " Does the Senator from Illinois
want them to go back to the bow and arrow?"
No, sir, I do not. I want them to go to the
plow ; I want them to go to the churches; I
want them to go to the schools. They can do
that without a shot-gun ; they can do that
without a musket or a rifle.
Why, sir, in traveling over the plains last
summer and visiting some of the different posts
and talkiug with the men in command and
with the soldiers, I found it to be a fact that
the Indians were absolutely furnished with
better war material than our own soldiers and
with better guns than our own soldiers, and
the soldiers complained bitterly about it, and
I do not blame them for it. I felt the same
way once myself. I was on the frontier for
two or three years, a portion of the time at
Las Vegas, on the border of New Mexico,
where the Apache Indians, who now infest
Arizona, roamed at that time. Time and again
I pursued them. Time and again with a com-
pany of soldiers I drove them out of that bor-
der, or helped to do it. I am sorry to say
that even so many years ago as that was, we
found the Indians there furnished with war
material to fight us with that was quite equal
to our own. We were required to protect the
settlers, to protect their cattle, their stock,
and their lives, and yet our own people were
furnishing the Indians with the material with
which to fight us.
Sir, can you believe that a soldier goes with
a good heart to fight an Indian under such
circumstances? Remember, if he goes into a
battle with an Indian, there is no glory to be
obtained in fighting Indians ; every one knows
that no man acquires glory in our days, since
our great wars and achievements, by fighting
a tribe of Indians. When you send a soldier
out to fight the Indians and he finds the savage
furnished with guns and powder and ball to
take his life, he turns around and curses the
Government which he serves. You may blame
him for it if you have a mind to do so, but it
is human nature. If the savage is furnished
with the material to destroy the soldier by the
very Government which the soldier protects,
the soldier naturally hates and despises the
Government that he is required to defend. I
do not mean the Government, but I mean the
act of the Government that furnishes the ma-
terial for his destruction. Hence I have here-
tofore opposed and do now most earnestly
oppose the furnishing of war material to un-
civilized Indians in this country for the de-
struction of themselves or for the destruction
of civilized white people, or the making of
raids upon the borders of the country and
interfering with civilization as it advances.
I do not think it is going to injure this coun-
try if the Indians do not nunt buffalo at all,
at least so long as we furnish them with beef,
beans, and bread, and camp-kettles, and fre-
quently the first thing they do with a camp-
kettle is to knock the bottom out, stretch a
dog-skin over it, and make a drum. If they
are to be furnished with food, in my judg-
ment they are not of necessity compelled to
hunt the buffalo. If we furnish them enough
to eat, they get their food without hunting.
As I have said, they only hunt for the profit
of the traders who live in their midst, and those
traders are culpable and responsible for nearly
every Indian war that we have had for the last
forty years. You have not had an Indian war
or a massacre in this country that you cannot
trace back, if you get the evidence, in its com-
mencement, to the traders themselves. They
or some of their men get into a quarrel with
the Indians, after having furnished them the
ammunition by which they are enabled, when
aroused, to perpetrate war against the whites.
I have said thus much, Mr. President—much
more than I intended when I rose—merely to
put myself on the record by way of protest
against the furnishing of material for the de-
struction of human life to savages while we
are trying to civilize them.
Mr. WINDOM. When I first heard the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois read
the other day it struck me that it was some-
what too sweeping, and I was impressed with
the correctness of the suggestions made by the
honorable Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan.]
If I understand the amendment moved by the
