1392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
sailor who has been unable to procure his
wages* (because the payment of wages is de-
pendent upon the success of the voyage,) the
man who worked before the mast, the man
who lost all his extra wardrobe and all his
personal effects—all the claimants have the
right to make this appeal for interest.
A word only in relation to another branch
of the bill—the section which sends claimants
ta the courts in their respective localities, in-
stead of compelling them to go before a com-
mission. The bill of the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] proposes to require that
all claimants shall go into one court, either in
New York or Massachusetts, with one set of
attorneys, with one routine, with one set or
41 ring " to manage the concern. The people
have confidence in our courts; but they never
have had and never will have great confidence
in commissions. These claimants live in various
parts of the country, from Maine to Arkansas,
from the district of my colleague [Mr. Hale]
down to New Orleans and Texas. Let every
man go to the court in his own locality under
the established rules of proceeding and then
there will be symmetry in the result.
After every claimant has received with inter-
est every dollar that is due him, under this bill,
theife will be, in my judgment, $5,000,000 of
the award remaining. This (act, that we are
receiving more than we shall payout, isanother
argument why interest should be allowed.
According to the estimate made by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] this
bill, if no interest be allowed, will call for the
payment of $10,000,000; and we have received
over $15,000,000. if you allow interest on
actual losses in the four classes first described,
this allowance will add about $1,500,000 to
the amount paid out under the bill. I believe
that any member appreciating this point can-
not fail to vote for the amendment which
allows the claimant interest upon his claim.
I now yield ten minutes to my colleague [Mr.
Hale.]
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, the bill reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary suits me
better than any other that has been presented
either here or in the Senate. I hope that the
amendment which gives interest of my col-
league [Mr. Peters] who has just spoken
will be adopted, and I for one want no other
change. 1 hopti there will be no serious objec-
tion to the interest provision. The arguments
that my colleague has urged seem to me un-
answerable. Wherever there was a loss of
property, interest should be allowed to the
claimant, because, as my colleague.has said,
we have been paid interest by the British Gov-
ernment, and besides, every man knows that
delay is as important as actual loss in all com-
mercial, mercantile, and marine ventures and
enterprises. The Senate has already recog-
nized this in the bill from that body which
now lies upon our table, and the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] who reports
the bill which we are considering does not,
as I understand, directly antagonize it.
I also agree fully to the proposition that the
claimant parties should be sent to the United
States courts in their respective States. The
bill provides for a precedence on the dockets
of these courts, and thus a final judgment can
be sooner obtained than by any commission.
It did at first occur to me that there might
be the difficulty to which I yesterday called
the attention of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] who has charge of this
bill, that different suits would be brought in
different tribunals, involving the value of. the
same vessels; but as I refected on that ob-
jection and listened to the answer of the gen-
tleman it faded from my mind. The very fact
that different men are found owning the same
vessels shows, in nine cases out of ten, that
they will join in their suits; that they will
confer together, confide in each other, and
select the same tribunal; and in the few cases
where different tribunals are chosen by part
owners of the same vessel, there need be no
difficulty in each court getting the benefit of
all the testimony. It is well, however, that
the bill does not oblige part owners to join.
Each should have the privilege of his home
tribunal.
But, Mr. Speaker, the real point, the real
controversy here, as was shown in the debate
yesterday, is between the war premium men
and the insurance companies. The insurance
companies claim by Representatives on this
floor, by their lawyers—and they have the best
m the land—that the Government is bound to
pay them because it holds this money in
trust; that the war premiums were excluded
at Geneva, and that good faith and equity de-
mand that the insurance companies shall be
paid.
Now, I do not propose to go over all of the
argument in this case where it has already been
so well treated; but there are one or two consid-
erations pertinent to the equitable view of this
case which weigh strongly in my mind. First
and foremost it is clear to me, Mr. Speaker,
on examination that the Government guarded
carefully that it should not be bound up at
Geneva, so that it should take this money unen-
cumbered by any trust. It so directed its
representatives, as was shown in the letter to
our counsel read yesterday at the request of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, and Mr.
Curbing, in Kis decided opinion quotes from
Protocol 26 as follows, and I ask the Clerk to
read the fifth point as made by Mr. Cushing
with the quoted language of the protocol.
The clerk read as follows:
"5. The counsel of the United States obeyed the
instructions given them, and did not commit the
United States to any theory of distribution what-
ever, either by way of inclusion or of exclusion, but
loft that yuestion to be determined by the wisdom
and discretion of Congress.
"The United States at Geneva laid before'the
tribunal all the claims ofoitizens of theUnited States
which had been presented to the Government, with-
out vouching for the validity of any of them; but
insisted that the United States were not bound by
the printed schedules, but only by the description
of the treaty—' all the said claims, growing out of
acts committed by the aforesaid vessels, a.ud gen-
erally known as the Alabama claims.'"—Protocol 26.
Mr. HALE. Now, Mr. Speaker,'if that is
established, and to iny mind it is established,
where do we stand? And further, while I do
not quote the Secretary of State, nevertheless
I can state negatively that certainly the State
Department is not found here urging any other
view. It is found asssenting to this view.
How, then, are we left if we distribute this
fund as equity and justice demand? Where
did the loss fall? Upon the war-premium
men or upon the insurers? There is a first
class of losers, whose just claim nobody dis-
putes. The owner of the vessel or property
destroyed gets his pay if he is not insured. No
one disputes that. Suppose he is insured ; he
does not claim another payment. Why? He
went to the insurance company to be made
whole, and, if fully insured, was paid in full,
and lost nothing. Then we come to the in-
surance companies who demand recompense
for the policies they paid out, and we put them
to the same test applied to the owners whose
property was destroyed. Are they the real
losers? Not at all. Just as the insured went
to the insurance companies, so the insurance
company went to the men who paid the war
premium for then recompense. The loss at
last falls on them. They alone enabled the
insurance companies to go into this business
as a matter of profit, to pay to the insured their
policies, and after that to divide among their
stockholders. We have at last struck the real,
unrelieved loser whom we should help. He
has.nobody below him to break his loss.
It has been said that the man who paid war
premiums could charge the amount over to
his customers. But that was answered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,]
who showed that the owner of the vessel came
in competition with the foreign vessel, and
instead of increasing his freight when he had
to pay the war premium, found it reduced, by
competition, and the merchant who shipped
goods in an American ship found himself
burdened by the same rivalry.
Moreover, these insurance companies were
in the main mutual companies. They were
merely stakeholders for their stockholders, so
that at the end of eaclj year they divide their
surplus, if they Lave any ; if not, they do not
divide. And if they get this money now, they
propose to pay it to their present stockholders
and not to the men who were in the companies
at the time the losses fell upou them.
There is one other consideration, and it had
force with me at first. It was said that we
were bound by some kind of comity with Great
Britain not to pay these war premium claims,
because they were not included in the award
or in the consideration of the commission.
But I find that this view, that we are under
some obligation, under the treaty to Great
Britain, not to bring in here a class of claims
not considered, and to bring all that were con-
sidered, does not hold water when tested.
I have found one answer given whenever I
have submitted to any advocate of the insur-
ance companies this question : supposing here
were funds enough to {jay the original losers,
the insurance companies, and the war pre-
mium men, and something over remains, what
then? Is there any obligation to Great
Britain that should prevent our taking the
balance of the fund and paying it to the losers
by the cruisers, whose depredations were ex-
presslyexcluded by the Geneva tribunal award?
And that answer has been "nothing." Mr.
Evarts himself admits this. Then, if that is the
case ; if there is nothing in this whole adjustment
that forbids our finally paying, il we have
money enough, to the losers by other cruisers
whose spoliations were directly excluded, and
if that is admitted by the insurance advocates,'
it shows clearly that this whole subject comes
to us as a matter of classification, and, as Mr.
Cushing shows, that is purely a question for
our action.
Mr. Speaker, these claimants—many of
them living in my own State, in my own dis-
trict—have waited ten years patiently for gov-
ernmental action looking to their relief. They
have never despaired. But the time has been
long. Let us end the delay and pass this bill
at this session. There should be no more
grievances like the halting action of the Gov-
ernment in the French spoliation claims.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PETERS. I yield five minutes to my
colleague, [Mr. Frye.]
Mr. FRYE. My only apology for saying a
word in favor of the bill reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, after the unanswer-
able argument of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] is that I live in the
largest ship-building district of the State of
Maine, and that I represent to-day on the
floor as many men interested in this award as
any other gentleman from my State. Further,
I have been in constant communication with
my constituents who are interested in this
matter, and I am prepared to give their prac-
tical. every-day opinion upon the merits of the
bill which has been introduced. And, sir, in
their behalf and in their name I desire to say
that they approve the bill introduced by the
Judiciary Committee to this House, as advo-
cated by the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts, in all its aspects but one. 1
will come to that in a moment.
My constituents commend the bill in that it
sends them to the courts, and not to a commis-
sion sitting here in Washington, because if
they had to come from the State of Maine
down here with their claims, and even had
them allowed, they would not carry home from
the city of Washington one half of the claim
which was so allowed. I have been on the
Committee of Claims. I know what it is for a
man to be a claimant in the city of Washing-
ton. I know what it is for a man to be rob
