1873,].
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9S
42d Cong. .. .3d Sess.
Refunding of Cotton Tax—Mr. Bright.
Ho. OF Reps.
The whole bent of the Constitution was to
prevent that thing. Why, if such a doctrine
were conceded, Congress, impelled by sec-
tional rancor or avarice, might lay a tax on
the cotton region until it was galled and
ground to bankruptcy, then lift it and place
it on the sugar region, and when that is ground
and galled lift it and replace it on the resus-
citated cotton region, and when it is ground
and galled again, life it and replace it on the
resuscitated sugar region, and thus, in turn,
making the tax fly from one to the other like
a weaver's shuttle,_ weaving a web of pros-
perity for one section and flaying the other
bare and to the bone.
1 shall never believe that the framers of the
Constitution intended any such thing. I could
as soon believe that the Constitution was a
crater with its bowels gorged with fires of
mischief, ready' to be emptied upon a trem-
bling people. If such a doctrine be true,
then the people of the South are out in open
political commons, unsheltered by the Consti-
tution against any storm of punitive vengeance,
which .may. beat upon them.
Suppose the South and West were to unite
andpropose to repeal all duties on foreign
goods,,, throw our ports open to the free com-
merce of the world, then levy a tax under the
uniforipity rule of three cents per yard on all
our cotton manufactures, and tweuty cents
per pound on all the blubber taken by Ameri-
can Whalemen, there is not a single New Eng-
land member who would vote for it. I would
as soon expect to see one of their granite hills
move from its base as to see such a vote. Bead
the fate of the South in the example.
In the face of all this shall we be told that
the producer recovered his tax by adding it to
his sales in the foreign market? This begs
the question. I am speaking of the operations
of the law and not of the contingent opera-
tions of the citizen. The law was fierce in its
activity in gathering the tax, and then it be-
came indifferent to the fate of the producer.
The Government is convicted by its own rec-
ord that- the tax could never return to the pro-
ducers. The Government knew that the
American manufacturers could never pluck
the cotton tax from the teeth of foreign com-
petition, and it restored the tax to them by draw-
backs. The Government knew that the same
horn wh\ch would have gored them was sure
to gore the producer. The producer could in-
demnify himself only by having a monopoly of
the market, and the power of forcing the pur-
chaser to buy with the supervening tax. This
neither he nor Congress could do, as it would
involve the control of the cotton market of
the world,
England had gone ahead and secured this
supremacy by her contrivance and enterprise.
Liverpool is the cotton Olympus, and its
bulletins are fiats to the world. That her vast
textile industry might not become the victim
of surprise, her Cotton Supply Association"
was organized in 1857, out of which arose the
"Manchester Cotton Company," in 1860,
whose designs were to procure and stimulate
the growth of cotton in India, Egypt, Italy,
China, and Australia. Under its auspices
cotton has not only increased in production,
but improved in quality. The Australian cot-
ton is said now to be equal to the American.
And through the providence of this company
from five to eight hundred thousand bales of
cotton are kept in store in advance of the
annual consumption of.the English mills, so
that she can guard against the blight of the
seasons, the interruptions of commerce by
war, and prevent the price being sprung upon
her by the arts of speculation.
As evidence of this, since the organization
of the Supply Association in 1857, the United
Kingdom has annually exported large quanti-
ties of her redundant supply of cotton, as
shown by the following statistics:
Raw cotton exported from tke United Kingdom, as
$er tabular statement of The Statesman'« Year Book
for 1872, t>. 267.
Years.
1867.
1858..
1859.
1860.
1861.
1862.
1863.
1864.
Total exports
of cotton.
Pounds.
131,927.600
149,609,600
175,143.336
250.339,040
298,287,920
214,714,528
241,352,496
244.702.304
Years.
1865...
1866...,
1867...
1868...
1869...
1870...
1871*.
1872*.
Total exporla
of cotton.
Pounds.
302,908,928
388,952,368
350,626,416
322.620,480
272,928,544
286,630,576
211,277,300
309,310,400
* Taken from British Almanao.
Bat to close up_ every gap of doubt that
England exercises imperial sway over the cot-
ton market of the United States, the facts are
at hand and point-blank to the issue. Amid
all the fluctuations in the cotton market, the
commercial bulletins show that the only differ-
ences in the prices between Liverpool and
New York were the differences in exchange
and transportation to the British market, and
showing conclusively that the market was un-
affected by the cotton tax. (See appendix.)
But other nations are not without experi-
ence as to the effect of taxation on farm pro-
ductions. _ Great Britain, by repealing her
corn laws in 1849 and admitting foreign grain
duty ftee, but it out of the power of the pro-
ducer to force his tithes, now paid in com-
mutation money, on the price in the market.
Mr. McCulloch said:
"And we have further seen that when, as at pres-
ent, corn is permitted to be freely imported under
a nominal duty the incidence of the tithe is changed,
and that it neither raises prices nor rents, but falls
wholly on the landlords.—Taxation, 194-195.
Without pressing the argument further in
this direction, it will be seen that English pol-
icy and statesmanship were too profound to
make the English exchequer a bureau of
drawbacks to refund the American cotton tax.
I now return to the original trail of the cot-
ton tax, and I can follow it into the Treasury
vaults of the United States—all the tracks going
in, none coming out. All the executive, legis-
lative, and commercial departments in the
cotton States unite in earnest but respectful
appeal to Congress to restore the tax to the
legitimate owners. And let Congress give it
back—in justice, in magnanimity, in frater-
nity, give it back—and, like a smoking offering
on the altar of our common country, it will fill
the land with the sweet odor of the deed.
Those who did not see, nor feel, nor know,
can little imagine the blighting curse of the
cotton tax on a peeled, impoverished, and
desolated country. A continuance of it three
years longer would have compelled a general
exodus of all the laborers from the cotton-
fields.
Little did Commissioner Wells think that
the cotton tax was the nightmare which par-
alyzed southern industry when he penned that
significant paragraph in his report of 1869,
page 8:
"The first efforts of thepeople in the South toim-
prove their condition were also in the highest degree
discouraging. During the years 1866 and 1867 the
crop of both cotton and grain were to a very great
extent failures. The treedmen were not disposed
to work for hire, demanded excessive wages, and,
after accepting them, too often rendered poor
services. The general result of all attempts to re-
vive production seemed, therefore, up to 18CS to
leave freedmen and planter in a condition more
destitute and discouraged even than at the close of
the war. But the year 1868
the year the tax was taken off—
"the third year of free-labor experiment, at last
brought an improvement.''
N.ow mark, the industrial failure of 1866 and
1867 is not laid to the parsimony of the sea-
sons, but it is laid at the door of the freedmen.
But, marvelous coincidence, no sooner is the
cotton tax removed than the desolated section
became buoyant and prosperous! 1 cannot
undertake to answer all tne specious argu-
ments which have been urged against restor-
ing the tax. The mere'fact 'that there 'was a
large number of articles taied under the uni-
formity rule and were reimbursed in the gen--
eral consumption of the country, and may have
been properly taxed, is no evidence that the
, cotton tax was constitutional. Because the
Government may have needed money fur-
nished no reason to violate the Constitution
to get it. Because cotton cannot be taxed
under the uniformity rule is no reason why
it and all other farm productions cannot be
reached by a tax on land, as before shown.
Because cotton may have borne a high price
in consequence of scarcity produced by its
destruction is no reason why the'Government
should confiscate the remainder by taxation.
THE COTTON TAX AN EXPORT TAX.
I pass now to my last proposition, and I
shall endeavor to show.that the cotton tax is
obnoxious to the export provision of the Con-
stitution. "No tax or duty*shall be laid on
articles exported from any State." This pro-
vision is general, and, as I am persuaded, is
intended to limit the powers both of the fed-
eral and State Governments, N-q subject is
more intensely vital to American industries
than freedom of exports." The American
colonies were taught disastrous lessons by the
British navigation act which required Ameri-
can productions to be first shipped to Great
Britain before they could be exported to other
countries.
Mr. Bancroft says :.
"American independence,like the great rivers of
t.he country, had many sources; but the head spring,
which colored alt the stream, was the navigation
act."
As to the design and policy of the provision
Mr. Rawle says:
" It has been repeatedly observed that the leading
principle oi the whole Constitution is uniformity in
respeetto the soveral States, so far as it can be ascer-
tained. The natural or artificial products of States
are different; to lay a general duty on the exports of
rice, or cotton, or tobacco, would onlyaffeetthesouth-
ern States; on flour or grain, principally the central
States; and on the domestic manufactures would
operate chiefly on the northern and eastern States
engaged in them. Yet without this restriction, per-
haps, it might be done." (On Constitution. 115-1X6.)
Justice Story says;
"The obvious object of these provisions is to pre-
vent any possibility of applying the power to lay
taxes, orregulate commerce, injuriously to the inter-
est of any one State, so as to iavor or aid another.
If Congress were allowed to lay a duty on exports
trom any one Statq it mi&ht unreasonably injure, or
even destroy, the staple productions or common ar-
ticles of that State. The inequality of sueh a tax
would be extreme.,, In soino of the States the whole
of their means result from agricultural exports; in
others a great portion is derived from other sources;
from external fisheries; from freight; and from the-
profits of commerce m its largest extent. The bur-
den of such a tax would, of course, be unequally
distributed. The power is therefore wholly taken
away to interfere with the subject of exports."
(Const..S. 1011.)
Again he says:
" The prohibition extends not only to exports but
to the exporter. " (3.1012.)
Again he says:
" If there is wisdom and sound policy in restrain-
ing the United States from exercising the powor of
taxation unequally in the States, there is at least
equal wisdom and policy in restraining the States
themselves from exercising the same power injuri-
ously to each other," (S. 2013; see also Sergeant
Const., 346, 2 Curtis Hist. Const., ZHall's Law Jour.,
256.)
If the prohibition is not absolute on the
Federal Government as to the power to levy
export duties between the States, as well as
export duties to foreign States, then, surely
the Constitution has failed in giving effect to
its "leading principle, uniformity in respect
to the several States." Under such con-
struction the seaboard States might send out
