1394
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
February ,15,
of freights are fixed by the four neutral ves-
sels* and the American vessel must make its
freight," including the war premium, at the
same rate of the neutral vessels. Therefore
the vessel and not the cargo paid the war pre-
mium upon the cargo. The vessel was jeop-
ardized by sailing under the flag of the United
States. The cargo had the flags of the world
to protect it, and if it chose the flag subject
to this war risk, it was because a reduction of
freight made the rates equivalent. That is
the reason why the vessel and not the cargo
paid the war risks, and having thus paid them,
why . the owners of such vessels should now
receive them from this indemnity fund.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
L. Myers] a portion of my time.
Mr. L. MYERS addressed the House, in
remarks which will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I now
yield for five minutes to the gentleman from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Eames.]
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts whether it
is possible to have one or two of us on this
side of the House heard on this question,
and whether he will object to my asking the
House for an extension of twenty or thirty
minutes so we may be heard?
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I hope, Mr.
Speaker, the time will be extended even
beyond that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
reserved but fifteen minutes of the closing
hour to myself, and if it is extended at all 1
should be content to divide that among those
who wish to speak.
But I desire, Mr. Speaker, that the House
will allow, by unanimous consent, when we
take the vote it shall be on the substitution of
our bill for the Senate bill as an amendment,
so as to bring the question up between the
two bills.
The SPEAKER. What is the request in
regard to the extension of time?
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I move that the
time for debate be extended thirty minutes.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent, on behalf of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, for half an hour for the con-
sideration of a report from that committee,
and then my colleague can have the rest of
the day for the consideration of this question.
There is a case of greater hardship than any-
thing in the case before the House which we
desire to bring before the House for action at
once.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Let me suggest
to the House we have not yet received this
money and we might as well wait until we do
get it before we decide how it is to be distrib-
uted.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
the extension of the time for debate half an
hour?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I request
at the same time that the two bills, the one of
the Senate and the one of the House, be con-
sidered together; the one as a substitute for
the other.
Mr. KERR. I object.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to an
extension of the time for half an hour ?
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER. The debate will extend,
then, for just one hourfrom this time.
Mr. BCJTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
for five minutes to the gentleman from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Eames.]
Mr. L. MYERS. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me to finish my remarks.
>Ir. BUTLEli, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman from Rhode Island has the floor.
Mr. EAMES. Mr. Speaker, the amend-
ment which I proposed last evening requires,
perhaps, a word of explanation. The bill
reported from the Judiciary Committee limits
the distribution of the Geneva award to citi-
zens who sustained losses and damage by dep-
redations committed by the Alabama,- the
Florida, and the Shenandoah. The proposi-
tion I submit by my amendment is that this
award shall be distributed among all citizens
who have sustained loss or damage by depre-
dations from any vessel or cruiser sailing under
the confederate flag whose case was presented
to the Geneva tribunal. If the proposition
made by the Committee on the Judiciary be
correct, that this award belongs absolutely to
the Government of the United States and that
no citizen who sustained loss by depredations
has any legal or equitable claim on the whole
or any part of it, then, it seems to me, if this
fund is to be distributed, that the amendment
which I have proposed will commend itself
to the good judgment of the House. The com-
mittee in the report they have submitted thus
state the principles on which they predicate
the distribution of this fund.
The Clerk read as follows .
" From these and other considerations which might
be presented, your committee have come to the con-
clusion that the amount awarded at Geneva is the
money of the United States, to be disposed of at its
pleasure, subject to no trust, and especially to no
legal rights, in any individual or corporation by
wEom a legal or equitable claim can be set up or
maintained to any part of the sum awarded, as
against the United States."
Mr. EAMES. Now, Mr. Speaker, upon
this proposition declaring the right of the
Government of the United States to this award
of fifteen and a half million dollars, and that
no citizen who has suffered loss by reason of
these depredations has any legal or equitable
claim to this money, the proposition submitted
by the committee is simply this: it is to take
out of the Treasury of the United States fifteen
and a half millions of money and to distribute
it as a gratuity. The committee, however,
recognizing that there is an equitable claim on
the rand on the part of those who have suffered
by these depredations, have undertaken by this
bill to direct the manner in which that fund
shall be distributed. They base their bill on
that proposition, and have directed how the
the fund shall be applied and the manner in
which it shall be distributed.
Now, I believe if the proposition was pre-
sented to this House to take fifteen and a half
millions of money out of the Treasury of the
United States for the purpose of indemnifying
the citizens of the United States who havesus-
tained loss or damage by these depredations,
that there could not be any hesitation on the
part of any member of this House in saying
that if the distribution is to be made, and the
money to be taken out of the Treasury of the
United States, no distinction whatever should
be made between American citizcns, whether
the loss was sustained by the depredations
committed by one or by the other of these
cruisers.
That, sir, is my proposition. These claims,
whether arising from the depredations of the
Alabama, the Florida, the Shenandoah, or
other confederate cruisers, have been submit-
ted to the tribunal of arbitration at Geneva.
They were presented under the treaty of
Washington. They were a part of the claims
which were referred to the arbitrators. The
award has been made in a gross snm. It
states substantially that there is due and should
be paid by reason of these claims the sum of
fifteen and a half million dollars in fall satis-
faction of all claims referred to the tribunal.
I make this proposition because it seems to
me that upon the principles which have been
made the basis of this bill in the distribution
of the award, it ought to be adopted if the
main proposition itself meets with the approval
of the House. This fund is nearly, if not quite,
sufficient to meet all of these claims; and unless
the amendment which I propose is adopted,
claims of as much merit as any provided for
in the bill, to the amount of about $1,200,000,
will derive no benefit from the award.
Whatever, therefore, may be the judgment
of the House upon the amendments proposed
to other parts of the bill, if the bill is passed
this amendment ought to be adopted, so as to
do exact and equal justice to all parties who are
interested in the distribution of this award.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I yield
thirty minutes to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Beck,] after which I shall claim
the fifteen minutes I have reserved to myself
to close debate.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. The gentleman
from Massachusetts having kindly yielded to-
me thirty minutes, I propose to occupy ten
minutes myself, and shall then yield ten min-
utes to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr,] and ten to the other gentleman fromi
Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees.]
I only desire a short time, for the purpose
of say ing to the House that after as careful an
examination of the matter as I have been able
to give it, I favor some such amendment as
that offered by the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Poland.] I do so in the first place
becatse I do not believe this House is a proper
tribunal to determine in detail how the money
which England has furnished to pay certain
damages shall be disposed of. Nor am I
prepared to say that a commission such as the
Senate propose, sitting in Washington, is the
proper tribunal. If the courts of the United
States are given full jurisdiction over the mat-
ter, I think that will be the proper tribunal to
dispose of it. It may be that one court can-
not do it, as the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] proposes it shall. But I see no
reason why all claimants living in the six New
England States should not be heard in the
United States court at Boston ; all in New-
York, New Jersey, and as far as a certain line
westward, in the court at New York ; and all
south of a line drawn through Pennsylvania,
if you please, in the court at Philadelphia ; so-
that these three courts could hear and determ-
ine without unnecessary delay all the cases.
I am anxious to transfer the decision of the
rights of claimants from this, the most unfit
of all tribunals to decide judicially upon im-
portant legal questions, to the tribunals whose
special duty it is to hear and determine such
questions according to the established prin-
ciples of law and equity.
I have endeavored honestly and earnestly to
come to the conclusion that the committee were
right in the bill they reported; but after I read
the arguments on the other side, I was unable
to agree with them. When I heard the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] yesterday, I confess my faith was
shaken in the conclusions to which I had pre-
viously arrived, especially when he read the
letter of instruction to our counsel and after he
had assumed and maintained certain other
positions in his speech. After again looking at
it carefully last night, reading the reports and
debate in the Senate, I am in no condition, unde-
cided as I am, to say what is exactly just; and
therefore I prefer that the courts of the United
States shall decide it, with all the evidence
and all the light that the most distinguished
legal talent in the country could throw over
the subject.
I think 1 can look at this question as free
from bias or personal feeling as I ever could
upon any question. I suppose there is not a
man in Kentucky who is interested to the ex-
tent of one dollar, no matter how it is decided,
and I have no sort of idea who will be bene-
fited or injured by its decision one way or the
other. The only embarrassment I feel is in
the utter folly of attempting in ten minutes to
give even an intelligent reason for the opinions
I entertain. Yesterday, when the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] read the
following letter from the Secretary of State to
our counsel, I thought for the moment that I
saw how, without violating well-established
precedents, I could so vote as to ignore the
claims of the insurance companies, as I desired
