187a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
• *v od momb«r of society. The judgment
... •• ".r race, '.ha: m the sweat of our lace
  - -u.t , i am oar bread, wm not it cruel judg-
•■■i as  .i ; ! .it. on the contrary, it was oue
, - me«t k<ent'Qc«iiC judgments that our
H^ (r ever pronounced upon the human race.
'• < 'ino ! not work they w.ll jierish—that
a :a>T-' t* ot" it—wtieuier they are white
ir.-'i or red men.
1 ifo not oiw of those men who believe that
'.ne-te Indians ought a:i to 1«< exterminated right
o'v or aimh'tiii of the kind 1 a:u willing to
■ h.' '.nil til-- h,■ n >r ot t".:s iia:,on and the
.!'vt !"i o* a wise hu'uan ty require. I deny
itia'. «e ha e trented them tn the b&rb.iroua
raa-i'ier thai ha< been spoken of so frequently
si. i the subect of oration again and
&£t:n 1 deny mas that has been the history
' trs.s c -iniry : but at the same time 1 am
w: . * * t-> !   wnat 1 can to reicue them from
r ii * and to promote tneir welfare. 1 am
t- : wit ng. however, to take two hundred
< u l >av*geg who will not work at all and
r*:;der t>> tlieir idlenej-s and to their vices
inn e y v. leave teu times that number of our
o*n wn.te race, and if you see tit, too, of the
r Ucs race in the I' mted States to sutler with-
out anirma* being said in reference to their
iutfer uf and their privations. 1 think this
3-i« *on- qiite far en -ugh when the fact stares
tou :a t&e face that from l o0 in the last
'.wer'r years our expenses on account of In-
 ns nave grown up from $ l. >iJ,UOO to seven
 : i t ha! mii.ious. and that just exactly
jrvi-r ?n:■  peace policy as it is called, which
.* n<ral ied as rich a great success, they have
oear.y d mbled w;thin the last two years.
Horn tan" is the state of the case it seems
■..> me it is t.rue tor Congress to know where
".::n 'aiai is going to and where it is to end.
1 say t*:e expenses have been nearly doubled
in tw.i years. 1 he Indian expenses were for
ae y *ar ending June 30, 15To. *3,400,000!
i:.J .i-st year they were seven million* and
u; wir«. and under this bilk they will be
lif-ariy six millions nexi year—more than
iuul .-J in a year—and this bill proposes now
0 )ib> them again.
W..,'.. sir. it this peace policy is a very good
poucy it is a very expensive one, and if the
exp->n*fs are to keep growing as they do I do
not see where it is to end.
1 nere is one other thing which I want my
fr.'-ml who has the bill in c:iarge to explain to
me. Here are these great expenses, seven
null1 ms la.-t year and hve and a half millions
1 year, and it is s&i i these expenses are ne-
L ,Mry in part to put the Indians on reserva-
tions, where they are to become educated, cul-
tivated men, ornaments to society no doubt!
That is one great reason for the expense. Now,
wnat I want my fnend to answer is whether
he has lessened any of the old allowances on
account of these people being put on these res-
ervations and supported by the Government;
or are we to go on, put them on these reserva-
tions and then support them on the reserva
t jr.and besides give them all the annui-
ties which were given to them when they were
nry m reservations and when we were expend-
ing no such sums in their behalf? I do not
toow exactly how the facts are about this, for
an Ind.*n btli is a perfect labyrinth. I never
yet saw anybody, not even a chairman of a
Coram 'tee on Appropriations, who understood
is. i Know they take up the itatute-books and
ran back through a long list of what are called
: an Teaties, and they find that a treaty was
raade five years ago with Chief Boil-off-the-
• o/, or something of that sort, by which an
annuity is to be paid. There may be no Chief
Hoii o:! the-log any more, no such tribe any
more, but s-titi regularly every year cornea a
on! to pay Kolt-off-thb-log so many blankets
and so many barrels of salt, and establish a
o.acksmuh shop in the city of Chicago for the
benefit ot Uoli-off-the-log. [I-aughter.] I
know it is only necessary to look into the trea-
ties and look into an Indian appropriation bill,
and I tell you that as long aw these treaties
stand, just so long will you have this appro-
priation for Ivoll-otl-lhe log, and nobody knows
anytime.; about it. You net up and ask the
chairman of the committee to explain this,
and he turns at once learnedly, having put
his spectacles on—not inv young friend trom
Minnesota, but my triend before me when he
was chairman [Mr. Mokriu., of Maine]—opens
a large volume and rends the treaty to pay
Uoii-off-the-log so many barrels of salt, aud
establish a blacksmith shop at Chicago I i hat
is the way the thing is done. In my judgment
it is tune to have a stop to it. It is time that
this expenditure was stopped.
It will not do to say that just as you have
increased these expenditures, just so have you
decreased the expeuses of the War Depart-
ment. That is not .so. Now the expenses of
the War Department are increased by these
very Indians. Are you not paving more ex-
pense for the army out West, are you not at
more expense for the artny down m Arizona
than you were before? Certainly you are.
You have your war expenses, you have your
army there, and now the Department says
and your general says in his report that you
ought to have more of them out there.
Mr. CONKLIN'G. Shall 1 interrupt the
Senator if I beg of him to tell me what he is
in favor of doing?
Mr. THUBMAN. Now, if the Senator
wants me to answer that question aud is pre-
pared to hear a very long speech, perhaps
1 might tell him what I would do.
Mr. HABLAN. 1 hope the honorable Sen-
ator will. We always listen to him with great
satisfaction.
Mr THUBMAN. That is the very same
question I have heard very often. Whenever
you expose these things somebody asks, " What
are you going to do?" I will tell you what I
would do. 1 would not increase the expenses
of the Indian department from $<{,400,000 in
two years up to seven and a half millions last
year and five and a half millions this'year.
Mr. WISDOM. The Senator will allow me
to correct him on that point. The bill of last
year was 302.032.
Mr. 1 HUBMAN. I took it from the Sen-
ator's own statement. I understood him to say
that the expenses last year were $7,000,000,
and this bill increases them about $1,000,000.
Mr. WINDOM. That was stated by some
one else yesterday.
Mr. THUBMAN. I supposed that state-
ment was correct. The Senator on ray left
[Mr. Sati-SBi-hy] says that the year belore it
was $7,OOO.IMIO.
Mr. WIN DOM. Will the Senator allow me
to give him the figures?
Mr. THUBMAN. Certainly.
Mr. WINDOM. I am not aware what the
expenses were the year before; but taking the
statement of the Senator from Delaware that
they were so high, last year the appropriations
were $0,302,000, so that we reduce $700,000
on that statement of last year. This year the
bill as reported is $o.lM4,000, reducing nearly
a million this year, so that I think tho
Senator's complaints of constantly increasing
Indian expenditures coino in a bad time on
this appropriation bill, for it seems that last
year, according to the Senatorfrom Delaware,
we decreased $700,000, and this year $907,997,
so that we are on the down grade within the
last three or four years, and we ought to be
commended rather than discouraged.
| Mr. THUBMAN. Upon my word this
speech is all intended to compliment the com-
mittee for going that far, and with an earnest
desire that they would go a good deal further.
I say, then, in answer to the question which
Senators are so anxious about, what I would
i do, that as far as I am able to answer that
question now, the first thing I would do is
this: I would not increase the expenses, as I
| have saul, without some more reason for it
1 than I have seen. In the next place I would
I not pay ftnnunities to tribes that I believe have
i no longer existence, or that have dwindled
away to such small numbers that they ought
not to be considered n.s tribes any more. My
belief is that it a proper investigation were
iiuule and the information before us here, it
would appear that nearly or quite one half of
these annuities and provisions are for tribes
that no longer have any real, substantial
existence at all.
Mr. WINDOM. If I do not interrupt the
Senator I would say that so far as the Depart-
ment has been able to get a correct census, we
have a statement of the number of each tribe
of Indians for whom an appropriation is made ;
and for any particular appropriation in the bill
to which he may call my attention, I think I
can give him the number as reported by the
Department. 1 know what the Senator says,
however, as to the taking of tho census ; lie
thinks in incorrect, and perhaps we might pro-
vide for taking it more correctly; but so far as
the information can be obtained I have a state-
ment here before me in a large document, which
is subject to the Senator's inspection at any
time, showing the entire number of Indians,
the number of each tribe with whom we have
treaties, the number of square miles they oc-
cupy, and the date of the treaty: so that really
this money is not appropriated so much by
guess and at random as the Senator would seem
to think.
Mr. THUBMAN. That is precisely the
information which I said the other day was on
the tiles of the Department, when I expressed
my surprise that the officer should ask that
Congress should take a census of the Indians.
I was aware there was Buch a paper as that,
though I had not seen it very lately. I knew
it must be so. But what is the fact in regard
to many of these tribes V We all know how it
is. A tribe has made a treaty with the United
States : perhaps when it made the treaty it
consisted of five hundred souls; it has dwin-
dled down until it is next to nothing ; how is
it that that tribe has a numher of people rep-
resented as belonging to it yet ? Because a
set of white men get themselves adopted into
the tribe in order that they may get the annui-
ties, and their names are reported as belonging
to that tribe, when really they have not one
single drop of Indian blood in them in many
cases. That is one way of doing it, and
another way of doing it la to adopt other
Indians from other tribes into that tribe; and
so they go on and duplicate in that way, get
annuities as belonging to one tribe, and also
get annuities as belonging to another tribe,
and so the thing is kept up.
But now this old question is always put
again, " What are you going to do about it?"
In the first place, let somebody answer me
why these appropriations must be doubled be-
fore he asks me that question. Let somebody
explain why it is that m the short space of two
years we are doubling up in this kind of way
before he asks me the question.
Mr. MOBBTLL, of Maine. If my honorable
friend will allow me a moment, I will tell him
one reason why the appropriations have been
increased largely within a few years, bnt it is
1 not true that they have been doubled within
two years or within four years. The truth as
to the increase of appropriations is that at the
close of the rebellion we found ourselves in an
Indian war which while we had been engaged
in fighting the rebellion very few people knew
about, which had cost us, as appeared on the
investigation of a committee of the Senate,
$45,000,000 to fight the Indians just beyond
the Missouri river. It cost us $46,000,000 to
fight those Indians, with whom we had no
treaties, and whose possessions we invaded
during this time, and the committee reported
that we were utterly at fault, that we began it,
and we carried it on, and the Indians were
outraged during that period of two years.
Mr. THUBMAN. What Indian war was
that?
