1873.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1895
to do if I could, had more careful investiga-
tion satisfied me that there was nothing in it.
The letter reads:
Department of State,
Washington, December 8,1871.
Gentlemen: In the discussion of this question,
and in the treatment of the entire case, you will be
careful not to commit the Government as to the dis-
position of what may be awarded or what may he
recovered in the event of the appointment of the
board of assessors mentioned in the tenth article of
the treaty. It is possible that there may be dupli-
cate claims for some of the property alleged to have
been captured and destroyed, as in the case of in-
surers and insured. The Government wishes to hold
itself free to decide as to the rights and claims of
insurers upon the termination of the case. If the
value of the property captured or destroyed be
recovered in the name of the Government, the dis-
tribution of the amount recovered will be made by
this Government without committal as to the mode
of distribution. It is expected that all such com-
mittal be avoided in the argument of counsel.
I have the honor to be, gentlemen, your obedient
8ervant HAMILTON FISH.
Hon. Caleb Gushing, William M. Evakts, and M.
R. Waite.
It was mere private instruction to our coun-
sel. The arbitrators never saw it; the claim-
ants knew nothing of it. The secretary had
no authority by it or any private instruc-
tions to overturn or alter the provisions of the
treaty of Washington under which the pro-
ceedings were had whereby the $15,500,000
now proposed to be distributed was obtained
from England. Nor did I find any more force
in the suggestion which impressed me at the
time it was made by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] that England was a
quasi belligerent, and that no private rights
could be regarded as having accrued against
her which either of the parties, insured or the
insurers, could equitably set up against the
Government after it had collected the money
from her. The treaty of Washington assumed
throughout all its provisions that England was
a neutral Power during all che years of war.
Our citizens dealt with her as such, our Gov-
ernment so recognized her. Our claim was
that under the rules by which neutral nations
are bound she had in some instances failed to
do her duty as a neutral, and a tribunal was
selected to determine to what extent she had
done wrong, and what compensation she ought
to be required to make for such wrongs as it
might be determined she had committed.
The tenth article of the treaty reads thus:
Article X.
"In case the tribunal finds that Great Britain has
failed to fulfill any duty or duties as aforesaid, and
does not award a sum in gross, the high contracting
parties agree that a board of assessors shall be ap-
pointed to ascertain and determine what claims are
valid, and what amount or amounts shall be paid
by Great Britain to the United States on account of
the liability arising from such failure, as to each
vessel, according to the extent of such liability as
decided by the arbitrators."
Public and private claims were filed by the
United States, all, of course, in the name of
the United States. This tribunal met at
Geneva, and upon the 19th of June, 1872,
declared that the claims of the United States
for losses, first, by the transfer of the United
States commercial marine to the British flag;
second, by war premiums, or " enhanced pay-
ments of insurance;" and third, by the pro-
longation and increased cost of the war, con-
stituted no good foundation for a recovery,
and these claims were thenceforward to be
" wholly excluded from consideration by the
tribunal."
This disposition of the indirect claims met
the approval of our Government. In its final
award the tribunal rejected also the claims for
injuries by the Retribution and eleven other
vessels, and awarded to the United States the
sum of $15,500,000 in coin, to cover the direct
damages of the United States and its citizens,
by reason of the destruction of vessels and
cargoes by the Alabama and Florida, and their
tenders, and by the Shenandoah; but only as
to the Shenandoah after February 18, 1865,
excluding all claims for prospective earnings,
and all claims for gross freights, so far as they
exceed net freights.
The records of the tribunal show that the
amount arrived at as the sum which England
owed for wrongs done and injuries inflicted in
consequence of the depredations of the three
cruisers named above was $10,121,044, which,
with interest at' six per cent, per annum,
amounted to $15,409,289 69, or in round num-
ers $15,500,000, as decided in gross by the tri-
bunal. That being so, all indirect and conse-
quential damages having been rejected, all
claims for injuries done by the Retribution and
eleven other cruisers having been disallowed,
England having to pay only for certain fixed in-
juries done by the vessels named on lists made
out showing the losses sustained by the capture
of vessels and cargoes specified and proved
before the commission, I am utterly unable to
comprehend how the United States, after she
takes England's money, and agrees with it to
make good to certain parties wrongs done
them by England, can divert it to other pur-
poses, pay other people for losses which the
tribunal (whose award was final) had decided
England had nothing to do with, and was
under no sort of responsibility for, and leave
unpaid the parties for whose payment England
has put the money into the hands of the Uni-
ted States. A private stakeholder who would
attempt to do such a thing would be disgraced.
I do not see how the Government can honor-
ably do it.
If the insurers were not to be regarded why
were their claims presented and urged as mer-
itorious, havihg had them recognized and paid
as just and meritorious ? Can we honorably,
can we honestly take the money and pay it to
other people whom England never injured
and to whom she owed no obligation ? If that
is done, I want the courts to do it and not
Congress, their decision to that affect may sat-
isfy the world, ours never will. The money
does not belong to the United States. I would
rather see every dollar of it thrown into the
sea than see it put into the Treasury, or ap-
plied to obligations other than those for which
it was placed in our hands. It is mere child's
play to say that we made no agreement as to
how we would pay it, and we induced England
and the arbitrators to believe that it would be
paid so that nobody injured by the ships for
whose conduct England was held liable should
have any unsettled claim or cause of complaint
against her. If such a bill had been laid be-
fore the Geneva tribunal as is now laid before
Congress, prescribing the mode of adjustment
or payment of the claims out of England's
money, our own counsel would have repudi-
ated it as an insult to the good faith of the
Government.
I am as much prejudiced against corpora-
tions, insurance companies included, as most
men. I would not pay money out of the
Treasury of the United States for their ben-
efit if I could help it; but I would not have
the Government pay money to other people
which it has collected from England to pay
fixed claims in which they are interested,
whether so expressed or not. Of course no
private citizen and no insurance company can
sue a foreign Government, but Governments
have always protected their citizens; and in
the old French spoliation claims, where twenty
million francs were withheld from the Louis-
iana purchase in the Danish and Spanish
treaties, insurance companies which had paid
off the insured received their full pro rata.
Our Supreme Court has repeatedly decided in
favor of their right of substitution; indeed
since Lord Hardwicke's time the law of States
and of nations has been uniform and unvarying
in favor of their right.
The risk an insurer takes and the contract
he makes is that he will make good all losses
to the assured in consideration of the premium
paid, which varies according to the risks, and
the right, after he has paid the loss, of pursu-
ing every remedy and exercising every right
against individuals and nationalities for injury
done to the thing insured which the owner
would have had if he had not taken out a pol-
icy of insurance and thus shifted the risk from
his own shoulders to those of the insurers.
Our Government and England both recognized
that as law well established in their proceed-
ings at Geneva. If we had refused to present
the claims of insurers as we now propose to
refuse to pay them, the amount of the award
would have been much smaller than it is; and
if all the ships and cargoes destroyed by the
Alabama, the Florida, and the Shenandoah
had been fully insured and the insurance paid,
there would have been no award at all if in-
surers have no right of substitution, as all our
claims for indirect and consequential damages
and for all damages done by other cruisers
were rejected. It seems to me so clear that
this is a judicial question of the highest im-
portance, and not one that this Congress is
competent to pass upon, that I shall vote to
transfer the question to the courts, where it
belongs, and not attempt to render a legisla-
tive decree.
[Here'the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERR. I desire to avoid any attempt
to discuss this great question now, for the suf-
ficient reason that I am not prepared to dis-
cuss it now as it ought to be discussed, I
have found it simply impossible, on account
of constant pressure of other work and duties,
to make the careful and complete investigation
and analysis of this subject which I intended
and much desired to make. But I want to
say that, although I have not been able, for
absolute lack of time, to do these things, yet
it is due to myself to say that for months past
the subject has often engaged my thoughts,
and has had many hours of investigation.
But it is so important in itself, and leads one
into such unaccustomed channels of reflection,
that I desired more time for the adjustment
of my ideas and conclusions. But, notwith-
standing these facts, I have reached conclu-
sions which must constitute a basis for my
action and control my vote on the pending
and all similar bills. It is not necessary that
I shall inform this House that I have no sym-
pathies in common with the powerful and
grasping corporations of our country. I have
spared no opportunity during my public ser-
vice to do whatever I could to protect the
people and the country against their unjust
demands.
I am not ashamed to confess that I entered
upon this investigation with a settled determ-
ination, if practicable, without a clear viola-
tion of convictions and duty, to oppose any
disposition of the Geneva award which would
recognize the claims of the insurance com-
panies. I desired, if reconcilable with law,
and with national faith and honor, to either
distribute the fund to other claimants, or to
cover it into the Treasury and appropriate it
to the country's uses. I inquired to whom
the arbitrators awarded the money. The rec-
ord does not specifically answer. I inquired
to whom they found that England had done
wrong and damage, and that inquiry the rec-
ord does affswer by classes, not by particular
names of claimants. Of these classes the in-
surance companies are one, and one of the
most important. No intelligent man can gain-
say this truth. It is apparent all through the
record. Then I inquire upon what principle
is it that the right of those companies is recog-
nized? The answer to this I found equally
clear: it is upon the dd, settled, well-defined
principle of subrogation.
The companies have no claims if they do not
rest upon that principle. They were not them-
selves engaged in commerce, and were not
ship-owners, and therefore were not directly
injured. But those whom they had insured,
and whose property was destroyed by the
cruisers, were paid their loss by the companies,
and therefore, under rules and principles of
law settled centuries ago, when such losses
were paid by the companies, the latter were
entitled to stand in the place of the insured ;
