432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Indian
war that was carried on in Colorado and that
region during the rebellion, in the years 1864
and 1865. That was the result. Now, what
was to be done? I know, because I was here
in 1867, and the western Senators will bear
me out, that then it was said that there was
to be a general Indian war through that .coun-
try, a general uprising through all that region.
During this period our people had gone in
there and got possession of that country, and
had driven the Indians in confusion and dis-
order everywhere, one upon the other.
Now, what was to be done? A proposition
was made here in 1867 to raise ten companies
of mounted horsemen to go into that country
and exterminate the Indians. That was not a
very peaceable proposition! To make a long
story short, the Congress of the United States
adopted what was called the peace commis-
sion, to see if we could not negotiate with those
Indians with whom we had no treaties, wild
Indians ; and out of that grew the peace policy;
and at the head of that commission was Gen-
eral Sherman, with some Senators and Repre-
sentatives. They went out and they made a
treaty with the Indians, by which we get our title
to that whole region of country, leaving out a
few reservations which are excepted from it,
between the Missouri river and the Rocky
mountains. Out of those treaty stipulations,
and to avoid a war—and we did thereby avoid
a general war with the Indians which had been
menaced—come these increased appropria-
tions of which the Senator has been speaking.
He will find the explanation in that general
legislation and general provision to which I
have referred, and it grows out of that. We
have been making these appropriations to
meet the stipulations of those treaties by which
we avoided that war, and by which we have
acquired the title to that country from those
Indians with whom we had no treaties before.
Now I will say to my honorable friend, because
I know it will give him great satisfaction, that
under the operation of this peace policy, hav-
ing accomplished that, we have been decreas-
ing the expenditures $700,000 last year and a
million this year.
Mr. President, this is the way that, as I
understand it, these large expenditures within
the last few years have grown up. My own
notion about it is, that where you have ex-
pended two or three millions a year to accom-
plish this purpose you have saved tens of mil-
lions by doing it.
Mr. THHUMAN. Mr. President, I must
say that I am not for paying $5,000,000 a year
tribute to keep peace with the Indians or any
other two hundred thousand people on the face
of this globe. I do not want to see any bloody
extermination of these people. If I know my-
self, I have about as kind a heart as some peo-
ple who profess from their lips a great deal
more philanthropy than I am accustomed to
do; but I am not exactly prepared to pay
three or four or five millions a year to keep the
peace with two or three hundred thousand In-
dians—and there are no two or three hundred
thousand of them, either—with whom there is
any danger of war.
There is no danger of war with the Chero-
kees, no danger of war with the Choctaws, no
danger of war with any of the Indians on res-
ervations. The number of Indians with whom
there was danger of war was comparatively
small; and let me tell my friend from Maine
that until those Indians are well whipped we
shall never have peace with them. That is
the honest truth about it. If they let George
Crook in Arizona have his way for three
months he will do more to make peace down
there, where there are the worst Indians on
the continent, than all the peace commission-
ers you can send from now until the day of
the general judgment. Look at Oregon; you
had plenty of peace commissioners there, but
it was not until George Crook with his troops
ounished those Indians and made them fear
the power of the General Government that
you had peace; and you have had peace ever
since that. It was the same way in Washing-
ton Territory, and it will be the same in Ari-
zona if you let him have his way a while there.
And when I say that, I speak from my own
knowledge of the man. Although he is one
of the best soldiers in the service of this Gov-
ernment, there is not a more humane man
living than is George Crook. You can never :
have peace until you make those people fear j
the power of the Government. j
I am not pretending to say that there is not
something very extraordinary in the history
of our relations with the Indian tribes. It
has been said that no such thing as an Indian
war has ever taken place in Canada, and the
Canadians have got along perfectly well with
the Indians; and it has been said that there
has been no such thing as a war between the
Indians and the whites down in Mexico.
There has not been much of a war in Mexico
for a long time, it is very true; but there were
very terrific wars in Mexico once, in which the
Indians were more cruelly treated than ever
we treated them, and in which they were
slaughtered more than ever we slaughtered
them. But is there no such thing as war
down in Mexico? Why, sir, I tell you that
there is a constant state of war between the t
same Indians with whom we are fighting in
Arizona and the Mexican people. One of
the complaints of Mexico against us is that
we have not preserved the peace according to
the terms of the treaty, as we were bound to
do, between these Indians and the Mexican
people ; that we have not repressed Indian
incursions from our territory. It is not, there-
fore, true that there has been no such thing as
a war down in Mexico with the Indians.
There is almost a chronic state of war there,
just as there is in the United States.
Mr. President, I do not profess to be wise
enough to say exactly what ought to be done—
certainly not without more information than I
have. What I complain of is that I cannot
tell exactly what ought to be done, because
we have not the information that we ought to
have in order to enable us to do what ought
to be done. Of one thing I feel pretty certain,
that if we had correct information we would
repeal about one half of these treaties. An-
other thing that I believe is, that if we had the
correct information we would adopt perhaps a
different policy from that which is proposed to
be adopted.
It is said you are going to gather all the
Indians of the plains and of the mountains on
reservations. I do not believe you can do any
such thing. I may be mistaken, but I do not
believe it. I do not believe they will go on
your reservations. I do not believe that if
they go there they will stay there. If it shall
be so and shall be a success, I shall be very
happy to find that I am mistaken, but I do not
believe it. I do not believe that the Red
Cloud Sioux are going down on your Indian
territory at all. I do not believe that many
of the Pawnees are going down upon that
reservation. I do not believe that your
Apaches and Arapahoes, the very worst of the
Indians, are going on the reservation, with the
intention to stay, unless the power of the Gov-
ernment shall be so exerted that they will see
they cannot commit crime with impunity, can-
not murder white people with impunity.
I do not pretend to deny that there have
been wrongs done to the Indians. Certainly
there have been, and there have been wrongs
done to white men. I know very jvell that the
frontier settler and the Indian do not get along
very well, and let me tell my friend from
Maine that if he lived on the frontier, and
some morning he saw his neighbor's cabin in
flames and going there he found that neigh-
bor's wife and children scalped and burning
there in that cabin, heVould not feel very well
toward the Indians. What was it that excited
the people of Minnesota so a few years ago ?
That Indian massacre which took place there,
(and which led, I believe, to this very Sully
expedition if my memory is correct,) when a
number of white families were massacred by
Indians. If my friend had been out there, I
fancy that although he is a humane man, he
would have felt something of the same feel-
ing that the whole people of that State felt
on that subject. It would not have been very
safe for a white man to go among those fron-
tier people and talked much in favor of those
Indians at that time; and you cannot help
it, sir.
I admit, too, that the cupidity of the white
man has often led him to trespass upon the
Indian. But when you come to look at that
in the light of philosophy, was there ever any-
thing so absurd on the face of this earth as
to claim that two hundred thousand vagabond
Indians own half this continent? Was there
ever anything in the world so absurd as that
half this continent is actually owned by about
two hundred thousand vagabond Indians ?
No, sir; this earth was given by the Almighty
for the inhabitants thereof, for their support;
and if the Indians had ten times as good a
title to it as they have, they have no right
to exclude the people who need this soil out
of which to raise their daily bread. No,
sir; there is no law of nations, no law of
morality, no law of religion that gives them
any such right. They have no right to play
dog in the manger and hold land sufficient to
make forty States, on the ground that it is
necessary for them as a hunting ground ; not
a gentleman's hunting park in England which
excludes cultivation of the soil and the sup-
port of a number of people, which has been
so much complained of now and then, but a
set of ragged barbarians who claim that they
shall have a territory equal to thirty or forty
States as their hunting grounds and keep
white people out from those hunting grounds
who would cultivate the land and cover it with
fields and farms and villages and towns and
cities. Sir, you cannot expect that the white
people will agree to any such thing. Talk
about it as much as you please, they will not
do it.
I know it is very unpopular to talk in this way.
I know that all the phrase-mongering philan-
thropists will be ready to be down on anybody
who speaks in this way. I know I shall escape
it because I am too insignificant for them to
direct their arrows at me. I want my friend
from Nevada [Mr. Nye] to talk a little. He
is somewhat prominent, and they will be down
on him if he takes ground with me. I know,
though, that if I were of sufficient promi-
nence these sentiments would bring down all
these phrase-mongers about me : there would
be more cant spoken about it than would turn
ten grist mills. [Laughter.] I know that
very well; but I know it is the real, naked
truth after all, and after a while we shall have
to get down (to use what seems to be a favorite
expression here in the Senate) to the bed-
rock of truth in regard to this matter.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. President, lam more
impressed than ever with the difficulties of
this question. I was for six years in the House
of Representatives a member and chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, and I
have given this subject some attention for a
good deal longer time than that, and I have
never been able yet to reach what was to
myself a satisfactory conclusion of the ques-
tion.
The inquiry so pertinently put by the honor-
able Senator from New York as to what you
are going to do about it has been one that has
troubled me for the last ten or twelve years,
and I had hoped when it was put to the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio that I should be able
to answer in my own mind hereafter what is
the proper thing to do with this troublesome
Indian question. But if I could congratulate
the Senate upon the light they have received
upon the subject, I certainly cannot congratu-
