1396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
and if, upon direct application, or through the
agency of diplomacy, the claims were repaid by
any offending nation, then the insurance,com-
panies were entitled to the repayment. This
prospect of repayment, this hope, this spes
recuperaridi, as it is called in the law and in
many of the decisions of the courts, was to be
taken, as it were, as a part in fact and law, as a
part of the agreed premium paid to the com-
pany by the insured. It was upon this ground
of law and reason that in th,e case of Gracie
vs. New York Insurance Company, (8 John-
son, 237,) that Chancellor Kent, in speaking
of damage done by France under similar
circumstances to our citizens, said :
" If France should at any future period agree to
and actually make compensation for the capture and
condemnation in question, the Government of the
United States, to whom the decision would in the
first instance be payable, would become trustee for
the party having the equitable title to the reim-
bursement."
This language was quoted by Judge Story,
in Comegys vs. Vasse, (1 Peters, 193,) and is
fully approved in that case by the Supreme
Court of the United States. Judge Story, re-
viewing a single English ease, in which it was
held by the master of the rolls that awards
made under a treaty like this were not given
as matters of right bat as matters of dona-
tion, strongly disapproved the latter doctrine,
saying:
"We cannot say that thereasor^ingis at all satisfac-
tory. It. is not universally, though it may ordina-
rily, be one test of right that it may be enforced in a
court of justice. Claims and debts due from a sov-
ereign are not ordinarily capable of being so en-
forced. Yet who will doubt that such debts are
rights? It does not follow, because an unjust sen-
tence is irreversible, that a party has lost all right
to justice or all claim upon principles of public law
to remuneration. With reference to mere municipal
law, ho may be without remedy, but witli reference
to principles of international law he has a right
both upon the justice of hisown and the foreign sov-
ereign. The theory, too, that an indemnification
for unjust captures is to be deemed, if not a mere
donation, as in the nature of a donation, as con-
trastod with right, is not admissible."
Then I inquired on what safe rule of action
can I as a lawyer and a legislator resolve
that, so far as my vote can go, I will uproot
and overturn these long-settled principles of
contracts and of adjudication? Have I any
right to do so? My country never before at-
tempted to do any such thing. The courts of
our country and of Great Britain for centuries
have sustained the rights now claimed here by
the insurance companies. Over the other pro-
visions of this bill I see very little to disap-
prove.
I cannot, I am not willing, and I will not do
so_ much violence to my judgment and my con-
science, as to give a vote here which in my
judgment will violate safe, honorable, just, and
venerable principles of law, both municipal
and international. I prefer to act and vote
alone. I have no guide in my action here but
the light of law, precedent, and conscience.
In the disposal of this subject our duties are
distinctly judicial, and I mean to act as if I
were a judge and not a mere law-maker. It
is avowed to-day by some gentlemen that
they are willing to give these «companies
the benefit of the law. I hope they are. If
they are willing to do that, they will vote
against this bill, for my judgment is that the
law for two hundred and fifty years, without,
one dissenting judgment, is against the prin- !
ciples of this bill as they apply to insurance 1
companies, and in favor of the right of these '
companies, as a part of the claimants against
this fund. We cannot, without doing injus-
tice to ourselves, ignore the fact that the Ge-
neva arbitration, in the settlement and determ-
ination of the amount of their award, con-
sidered only certain classes of citizens and
claimants, and among those, and first and
most prominent among them, were the insur-
ance companies, who held the right of subro-
gation to the losses which they had paid to the
citizens of oar country. The claims of these
companies were all from time to time filed by
our Government against Great Britain. They
were, with great care and special fullness of
facts and details, pressed before the Geneva
board. That they were fully considered and
carefully estimated by that board in determ-
ining the amount of their award, no honest
man will question, for the record is fnll of
evidence of the fact.
How is it possible for any gentleman for an
instant to suppose, or to assume, that if the
United States had been called upon to execute
this award under the terms ana condition of
article ten of the treaty of Washington, the
claim of the insurance companies could have
been rejected? This tenth article entitled Great
Britain to insist that this award should be dis-
tributed by the aid of a board of commissioners
to be mutually constituted by the two Govern-
ments. England, therefore, would have had
representation on that board. What would that
representative have insisted upon ? Upon what
would it have been his imperative duty as an
officer of his own Government to insist. I ask
every lawyer and jurist in this House to say to
what would every member of that commission
have felt it to be his unavoidable and inevitable
duty to agree?
I say in answer to each of thesp questions that
they would all have insisted and agreed that
their sole duty was so to distribute that award as
to give it to the parties to whom the arbitra-
tion at Geneva had decided that it belonged,
to-wit, the parties directly injured by the con-
duct of the cruisers Alabama, Florida, and
Shenandoah, and the two tenders of the Florida,
the Clarence and the Tacony. They would
have been compelled by every principle of law,
whether international or municipal law, to
limit their adjudication to those classes of per
sons and corporations, and to nobody else.
Great Britain admits that her failure fully to
observe her obligations of neutrality toward
us caused injury to such of our citizens as were
in fact and truth directly damaged by the
offending cruisers named. Then it is most
logical and decent to assume that the intent
and aim ot Great Britain in this award is
to compensate the persons so injured, and
none others. The sources of all the damages
for which Great Britain was adjudged answer-
able by the arbitrators were those cruisers, and
no others. The confederacy had other cruisers
on the sea, but for them and their outrages
Gieat Britain was not adjudged responsible.
How can we execute good faith toward
Great Britain, toward a now friendly Power,
unless we, who have been intrusted by Great
Britain with the performance of this duty of
equitable distribution, without the interpo-
sition of the commissioners mentioned in
article ten of the treaty—how can we now, in
good faith and in national honor, perform this
great duty otherwise than as such a board
would have done? Is not our jurisdiction, is
not our discretion, is not our equitable control
over this fund limited by precisely the same
obligations, the same principles of law, the
same principles of right and of international
good faith which would have controlled the
action of such a board ? I cannot see any door
for escape from that; I would be very glad if
I could. But I will not suffer mere prejudice
against corporations to lead meto do injustice,
or sanction what, with all proper regard for
the different opinions of others, I consider
would necessarily involve national dishonor.
I would infinitely prefer, if it were practicable,
to cancel the treaty and surrender all claims
to the award.
It is no answer to me to say that these in-
surance companies made money, that they
grew rich by reason of the war, that they made
more money during the war and by reason of
the war than they ever did before, or would
have done without it. I admit all those alle-
gations j I believe them to be true. It is one
of the sad incidents of war to enable extor-
tioners, whether in the form of corporations, or
contractors, or private citizens, to rob the
people more successfully than in peaceful
times. But that only realizes a proposition
which I have asserted here a hundred times,
that corporations generally have no conscience.
But in spite of all that, they, as well as uncon-
scionable individual citizens, have legal and
equitable rights that no honest Government can
ignore or disregard. I stand upon my judicial
duty here toward the people and the corpora-
tions of the country. I will not stop to inquire
what are their personal and corporate merits
and demerits. Admit, if you please, that they
are all thieves; that they are all governed by
cupidity and rapacity ; that they are all grasp-
ing and soulless. Yet that is no reason for the
Government to be dishonest, or even unjust.
Our duty is clear and we should do it. Let
me say right here that this bill smacks very
largely of a sectional desire in a part of this
country to appropriate all of this award for the
benefit of its citizens. Talk about cupidity con-
trolling the conduct of man ; is there not in
this bill an element of cupidity, untempered by
equity or law? I insist there is, and that it
ought not to be approved by this House in its
present form. Why does New England with
such unanimity favor the scheme of this bill ?
I very greatly prefer the proposition of the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] which
substantially proposes to submit the determina-
tion of all questions under the treaty and the dis-
tribution of this award to the courts of the
country. That is where it ought to go. The
judges of our courts are in all respects, by all
the habits and practices and studies of their
lives, competent to distribute thi s award Leave
it to them, t,o whom of right, under the princi-
ples of sound policy, it belongs; and we shall
have no trouble about any of these questions
as to the parties to whom the money should
go. That is what I would do, if I had the
power now to determine the action of this
House. Such a course would fully satisfy the
requirements of good faith, it would vindicate
the national fairness and honor, it would se-
cure to the law and its great principles free
and impartial operation.
It is my deliberate and many-times asserted
conviction that this House never can properly
and wisely, and I must say honestly, perform
any judicial duty. By the very elements of
our composition, we are unjudicial in our modes
and in our motives of action. Let us, then,
take this question out, of the arena of politics
and submit it to the control of law and equity
as administered -by the judges of the country.
Let them distribute this fund ; and when we
do that, we will have discharged our whole
duty as honorable men and as a coordinate
department of this Government. And my
judgment is entirely clear--indeed, I think the
matter admits of no sort of question—that
when the question shall be so submitted for
determination, the principles of distribution to
which I have already referred wiil as certainly
be adopted as that some day death will overtake
each of us. These questions of personal rights
and claims to property, resting so essentially
upon principles of abstract law, demand final
adjudication by jurists, and not by politicians.
Before taking my seat, I wish to withdraw
the objection 1 made awhile ago to the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] in reference to treating the
House bill, in whatever form it may be agreed
to, as a substitute for the Senate bill.
Mr. POTTER. I renew the objection.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I have not
the slightest inclination to speak upon this
question. It is a subject, however, that under-
went the most, careful scrutiny in the com-
mittee of which I am a member, and I feel it
my duty to give the views that have led me to
support this bill More especially do I feel it
incumbent upon me to do this in view of the
opposition which the measure has met on this
side of the House.
The opposition to this bill is based on two
propositions : one that it is a violation of the
national faith; the other that is a violation of
