1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
97
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Washington Monument—Mr. Chipman.
Ho. of Reps.
which Virginia made in 1816 to Judge Wash-
ington, then the proprietor of Mount Vernon,
for his consent to the removal of his remains
to Richmond. Judge Washington was repre-
sented to have answered:
"It was impossible for him to consent to the re-
moval, unless the remains of one of those dear rela-
tions accompanied the body." " Are the remains"—
asked Mr. Tazewell—
"of the husband to he removed from the side of the
wife ? In their lives they lived happily together, and
I will never consent to divide them in death."
This view is represented to have made so
strong an impression that the resolution was
modified so as to ask the consent of Mr. John
A. Washington, and that of Mr. George W. P.
Custis, the grandson of Mrs. Martha Wash-
ington, for the removal of and depositing in the
Capitol at Washington of her remains at the
same time with those of her late consort,
George Washington. Mr. Washington felt
constrained to withhold his consent, upon the
■view of General Washington's will which he
entertained. Mr. Custis, however, taking a
different view, gave his "most hearty consent
to the removal of the remains after the man-
ner proposed," and referring to the proposed
memorial to the memory of Washington, con-
gratulated "the Government upon the ap-
proaching consummation of a great act of
national gratitude."
Mr. Doddridge, a Representative from Vir-
ginia, remarked that he was a member of the
Legislature of that State when the transaction
of 1816 took place; "he felt entirely satisfied
that the resolution for removing the remains
to Richmond would never have passed the
Assembly of Virginia but for the loss of all
hope that Congress Would act in the matter."
Mr. McDuffie opposed the removal of the
remains, but said:
" As to it monument, rear it; spend upon it what
you will: make it durable as the pyramids, eternal
as the mountains, you shall have my cooperation.
Erect, if you please, a mausoleum to the memory of
\Vashington in the Capitol, and let it be as splendid
as art can make it."
Mr. Clay in the Senate said :
"A testimonial of this great man, the Father of
his Country, should exist in every part of the Union,
as a memorial of his patriotism, and of the services
rendered his country; but of all places, it was re-
quired in this Capitol, the center of the Union, the
offspring, the creation of his mind and of his
labors."
Greenough's statue, ordered in 1832, was
placed in the Rotunda in 1841, and afterward
removed to its present position in the east park.
In 1858, Congress appropriated $50,000 for
the erection by Clarke Mills of the equestrian,
statue of Washington which was placed at the
circle on Pennsylvania Avenue near George-
town.
The resolutions of Congress which have been
referred to having remained unexecuted, in
1833 some citizens of Washington formed a
voluntary association for erecting "a great
national monument to the memory of Wash-
ington, at. the seat of the Federal Govern-
ment." This was the original idea of Con-
gress, and as there seemfed no probability of
its being carried out according to the original
design, this voluntary association formed it-
self and invoked the aid of the whole people
of the country to redeem the plighted faith
of their Representatives. Chief J ustice Mar-
shall was the first president of this association.
At his death, in 1835, he was succeeded by ex-
President Madison. In accepting his appoint-
ment, Mr. Madison, then in the eighty-fifth
year of his age, said:
" I am very sensibleof the distinction conferred by
the relations in which the society has placed me, and
feeling like my illustrious predecessor, a deep inter-
est in the objectof the association, I cannot with-
hold, as an evidence of it, the acceptance of the ap-
poiutment, though aware that in my actual condi-
tion, it cannot be more than honorary, and that
under no circumstances could it supply the loss
which the society has sustained. A monument
worthy the memory ot W ashington, reared by the
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 7.
means proposed, will commemorate at the s%mo
time a virtue, a patriotism, and a gratitude truly
national, with which the friends of liberty every-
where will sympathize, and of which our country
may always be proud."
The first vice president of the society was
Mr. William Cranch, eminent for purity of
life and as a jurist. The progress of the soci-
ety was slow. It first started out upon the
theory that in order to allow all an opportun-
ity to contribute the amount to be received
from any one person should be limited to one
dollar a year. This restriction was removed
in 1845. In 1836 about $28,000 had been col-
lected. This fund was placed in the hands of
gentlemen of high respectability and charac-
ter, who invested it, together with its interest,
in stocks. The financial trodbles which over-
spread the country in 1837 caused the suspen-
sion of collections for some time.
In 1847 collections and accumulated interest
amounted to $87,000, which was deemed a
sufficient sum with whit^i to commence the
erection of the mouument. On the 81st of
January, 1848, Congress passed a resolution
authorizing the Washington Monumental Soci-
ety to erect "a monument to the memory of
George Washington upon such portion of the
public grounds or reservations, within the city
of Washington, not otherwise occupied, as
shall be selected by the President of the Uni-
ted States and the board of managers of said
society as a suitable site on which to erect the
said monument, and for the necessary protec-
tion thereof."
The site selected under the authority of
this resolution was the public reservation num-
bered 3, on the plan of the city of Washing-
ton, containing upward of thirty acres, being
the site where the unfinished monument now
stands. A grant of the resolution was exe-
cuted on the 12th of April, 1849, by the Presi-
dent of the United States and the board of
managers of the society, and was recorded
in the land records of the District of Colum-
bia. Subsequently, February 26, 1859, Con-
gress incorporated the Washington National
Monument Society, and confirmed the grant
of this reservation for the purpose of erecting
a monument upon it as provided by the joint
resolution of January 31, 1848.
The considerations which led to the selec-
tion of this site were stated by the association
in its address to the people of the United
States, made in 1855 ; as follows :
" The site selected presents a beautiful view uf
the Potomac; is so elevated that the monument will
be seen from all parts of the surrounding country,
and being a public reservation, it is safe from any
future obstruction of the view. It is so near the
river that materials for constructign the monument
can be conveyed to it from the river at but little ex-
pense." * * * * * *
" In addition to this, and kindred reasons, the
adoption of the site was further and impressively
recommended by the consideration that the monu-
ment to be erected on it would be in full view of
Mount Vernon, where rests the ashes of the chief;
and by the evidence that Washington himself—who
with unerring judgment hadselected this site to be
the capital of the nation—had also selected this very
spot for a 'monument to the American Revolution,'
which, in the year 1795 it was proposed should ' be
erected or placed at the permanent seat of Govern-
ment of the United States.' This monument was to
have been executed by Cerocchi, a Roman sculptor,
and paid for by contributions of individuals. The
same site is marked on Major L. Enfant's map of
Washington city as the site tor the equestrian
statue ot General Washington, ordered by Congress
in 1783; which map was examined, approved, and
transmitted to Congress by him, when President of
the United States.
THE PLAN OP THE MONUMENT.
" A plan for the monument was adopted,' after
wide consultation with experienced and judicious
experts, and a careful comparison of the various
plans submitted, as well with each other as with an
ideal standard of excellence. The one selected pro-
posed an obelisk five hundred and seventeen feet
high, and a pantheon or base. The obelisk was esti-
mated to cost &552.000, and the whole work, inclu-
ding obelisk and pantheon, $1,122,000."
There has been, Mr. Speaker, a great
deal of cheap if not ignorant criticism upon
the design of this monument. It is usually
much easier, and generally more acceptable
to the public, to satirize any, work of art
than to praise it. As an illustration of this,
I may say to the House that I recently read a
severe critique upon a work of art purchased
by Congress which was written by a gentleman
who told me that he had never seen it. He
had been impressed with the lack of merit of
this work of art from other quarters, and he
frankly admitted that bis employer preferred,
as a matter of newspaper enterprise, that he
should write it down rather than up, and
not being competent to judge himself whether
it possessed any merit, he could as easily criti-
cise it without having seen it as he could by
seeing it. The proposed Washington mon-
ument has suffered much from this kind
of criticism. When a great editor, like the
one who has recently died in this country,
declares to the immense audience which he
obtained through his great paper, that the
proposed Washington monument, when com-
pleted,will resemble " a pumpkin with a stick
stuck in it," he unconsciously aroused not
only a feeling of distrust in the minds of the
public as to the plan of the monument, but he
created a sentiment of absolute contempt for
it, and it has been this flippant, sort of criti-
cism which has done more than all other things
to deaden into insensilitity the patriotism of
the public which was expressing itself from
every quarter of the country by liberal dona-
tions at the time the monument was begun.
Now, Mr. Speaker, these criticisms have
been based chiefly upon the supposed appear-
ance of the obelisk with the proposed pantheon
or base surrounding it. So far as this feature
of the monument is concerned, it is not de-
termined upon, and has only been made as a
suggestion, and was embodied in the early pic-
tures representing the monument. The only
thing determined upon by the association which
should not be changed, is the shaft. That
mombers may see precisely what the design
of this monument is, I will read the descrip-
tion of it as originally prepared:
"The design embraces the idea of a grand circular
colonnaded building, two hundred and fifty feet in
diameter, and one hundred feet high, from which
springs an obelisk shaft seventy feet at the base and
five hundred feet high; this will be constructed
first.
"The vast rotunda, forming the grand base of the
monument, is surrounded by thirty columns of mas-
sive proportions, being twelve feet in diameter and
forty-five feet high, elevated upon a lofty base or
stylobatc of twenty feet elevation and three hun-
died feet square, surmounted by an entablature
twenty feet high, and crowned by a massive balus-
trade fifteen feet in height.
"The terrace outside of the colonnade is twenty-
five teet wide, and the pronaos or walk within the
colonnade, including the column space, twenty-five
feet. The walks inclosing the cella, or gallery
within, are fretted with thirty massive ant£8 (pilas-
ters) ten feet wide, forty-five feet high, and seven
and a half feet projection, answering to the columns
in front, surmounted by their appropriate archi-
trave. The deep recesses formed by the projection
of the antee provide suitable nichesfor the reception
of statues.
" A tetrastyle portico, (four columns in front,) in
triple rows of the same proportions and order with
the columns of the colonnade, distinguishes the
entrance to the monument, and servos as a pedestal
for the triumphal car and statue of the illustrious
chief; the steps to this portico are flanked by mass-
ive blockings, surmounted by appropriate figures
and trophies.
" Over each column, in the great frieze of the entab-
latures, around the entire building, are soulptured
escutcheons, (coats of arms of each State in the
Union,) surrounded by bronze civic wreaths, banded
together by festoons of oak leaves, &c., all of winch
spring (each way) from tbe center of the portico,
where the coat of arms of the United States is
emblazoned.
"The statues surrounding tbe rotinda outside,
under the colonnade, are all elevated upon pedestals,
and will be tbose of the glorious signers of the
Declaration of Independence.
"Ascending the portico outside to the terrace level,
a lofty vomitoria, (doorway,) thirty feet high, leads
into the cella, (rotunda gajlery,) fifty feet wide, five
handled feet^n circumference, and sixty-eight feet
high, with a colossal pillar in the center seventy
feet m diameter, around which the gallery sweeps.
