1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1397
legal rights. As to the question of national
faith, the theory of the opponents of the bill is
that tihe^ Government made up a list of losses
in the shape of claims, put them in the pockets
of our representatives as claim agents, and
the schedule accompanying our demands for
re.dress was settled by England as therein set,
down and specified. The insurance companies
claim to be embraced in that list. They main-
tain that if they are not paid, we shall have
collected from England in their name and on
their account money belonging to themѥ
money which England has-the right to see
paid to them. This is a fair statement of the
proposition so far as national faith is Claimed
to be involved in this bill.
Numbers of our citizens suffered lp$ses from
rebel cruisers being fitted out by England or
with English material. The claims were filed
here in the State Department. The Govern-
ment took notice of them and said: "These
wrongs must be redressed." The result was
an arbitration. The theory of this bill is that
our agents went there representing a great and
powerful nation, and said : " We have been
wronged and we demand redress;" and for
the purpose of informing the board of arbitra-
tors as t>o the losses which induced us to
move in this matter, we have made a schedule,
not as claims of clients whose money we are
to hold in trust, but as claims which we intend
to satisfy in our sovereign capacity. The board
of award took notice of these losses and made
an allowance ; and now it is claimed here by
the representatives of active, concentrated
wealth that we, should account to at least one
of these claimants, because unless we do so,
according to their construction, we shall be
breaking our faith with England. An element
of respect for England enters into the opposition
to this bill as well as respect for the insurance
companies. A sort of double argument is
made. In the first place, it is urged that the
insurance companies must be looked to; and
if we fail to regard them with sufficient awe and
respect, we are then to look to England. We
are told that she will hold us accountable for
not applying the money Bhe has paid us in the
way she intended it should be disbursed to
our own citizens. A more degrading idea than
this lias never been suggested in connection
with the foreign policy of our country. I held
in committee, and I hold hero, that it is our
business to da with this money as we please.
In my judgment, a more shameless ahd degrad-
ing suggestion was never advanced than that
a foreign Power should follow us here and tell
us what we should do with our own funds and
with reference to our own people.
It is not only absurd, but it is refuted by
the constructions whicli our agents abroad
explicitly received. Our Government saved
itself carefully on this point. The Secretary
of State deliberately and ^plainly instructed
our agents not to be committed by anything
required at our hands from England as to
what we should do with a single dollar of this
money. I hold that letter of instruction in
my hands. Nobody will dispute it. It has
been produced over and over again by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butlbr.]
Our policy wpuld have been shameful if it had
not been so guarded.
I understand the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] to say the Secretary of
State had no authority to thus instruct our
agents and arbitrators. Why he had not I
cannot imagine. It was among the duties of
the foreign office of the Government to regu-
late this negotiation and to place it on an
honorable basis. That is what I hold he did
when he wrote the letter which I have here.
So much, Mr. Speaker, for the question of
faith which enters into this transaction between
'us and England. The English view of the
matter was that we went to England as claims
agents, making claim on behalf of certain of
our citizens. Our idea is that we presented
these wrongs and grievances as a great and
powerful nation, and as such received from
her this allowance, and now in our own sense
of equity and justice we have the right to deal
as we please with our citizens, to whom it
belongs.
The second question which arises is a legal
one. It is contended here by the opponents
of the bill that in each instance where an in-
surance company paid a loss growing out of the
depredations of the cruisers in question and
took an assignment of sueh loss the insurance
company became subrogated and took a
vested right in said claim. It is a sufficient
answer to say that no citizen of the United
States couldhave any legal claim known to pri-
vate law which could be enforced iu any court
against England growing out of these depre-
dations. The citizen must operate through
the Government. The Government must take
it up, or the citizen is powerless. There can
be no claim to assign where 110 claim existed
which could be enforced in a court of justice.
The question of subrogation, therefore, cannot
come in here. Nothing but public law can
settle questions of this kind. I admit the ar-
gument would be powerful if we admitted the
premise that a citizen of the United States
could have a claim which could be assigned
and brought into a court and assimilated in all
its features to such claims as come under the
decisions which have been quoted. These are
not such claims, and can only be enforced and
taken care of through the action of the Gov-
ernment. There were no private rights to
assign, and subrogation cannot take place
here and no private law can operate.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Let me ask the
gentleman a question, and I really ask it for
information and not to antagonize his view,
because I rather think it is the true one; yet
my mind is not at rest on that point. It is
really the vital question in this whole case. I
understand the learned gentleman to say be-
cause a citizen of this Government is as
against a foreign Government remediless in
the courts therefore he has no such property
rights as if violated it would be an act of bad
faith" or substantially repudiation on the part
of this Government. Now, if he makes that
point out, then the case is concluded. I find on
what he has already alluded to the Supreme
Court does not seem to take that view, and I
will read from the syllabus of the case to
which he has referred, (Comegys et al. vs.
Vasse, 1 Peters, 193 :)
" The right to indemnify for :m unjust capture on
the sovereign, whetilerremediable in his own courts
or by his own extraordinary interposition, or grants
upon private petition or upon public negotiation, is
a right attached to the ownership of the property
itself, and passes by cession to the account of the
ultimate sufferer, and is afterward assignable to the
person to wh'ora it had been ceded.
" Itis not universally, though it may be ordinarily,
the test of a right that it may be enforced in acourt
of justice. Claims and debts due by a sovereign are
not commonly capable of being so enforced. It does
not follow that because an unjust sentence cannot
be reversed, that the party injured has lost all right
to justice or all claim upon principles of public law
to remuneration."
Mr. SPEER. What book is that?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. First Pcters's
Reports, Supreme Court of the United States,
103.
Mr. VOORHEES. I hope this will not be
reckoned as coming out of my time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Gar-
field, of Ohio.) The time of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] has expired.
Mr. VOORHEES. I should like a few mo-
ments longer.
Mr. PETERS. I ask that by unanimous
consent the gentleman's time be extended five
minutes.
There was no objection.
Mr. VOORHEES. I observe in reply to
the learned gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shel-
labarger] simply this: it is sufficient for me,
without undertaking to discuss a case that I
do not see applies exactly to what we have
now before us, to say that upon a full
examination iu the committee we arrived at
the conclusion that public law and public pro-
ceedings upon the part of the Government
alone could enforce these claims. The citizen
himself could not enforce them; and not being
able to do so himself, he could not subrogate
them to another in such a way as to give aim
an assignee's right that the courts would recog-
nize.
A single word now about the equities that
are involved herein. I propose to consider
them but a moment. I have considered the
two propositions, the one as to the faith of this
Government and the other as to the vested
legal rights that are claimed. There is another
very high question to consider. The insurance
companies of this country, knowing the rebel
cruisers to be afloat on the waters of the world,
took the money of the traders and the mer-
chants and the business men of the business
marts of the world, and then assumed volun-
tarily the risk of insuring their property against
loss and destruction. They made a contract,
with a people whose commodities were at sea,
and received a sufficient sum of money, in their
estimation, to repay them in case they had to
meet and pay losses. These war premiums
were enormously high. The insurance com-
panies made large sums of money.
A Member. One of the insurance com-
panies lost money.
Mr, VOORHEES. One of the insurance
companies, possibly, perhaps more than one of
them, have made slight losses; but many of
them made great gains. We have provided
in this bill, I think, very liberally for these
companies. The section on which members
have to vote provides payment as follows:
6. To all insurers, being citizens or corpora-
tions of the United States, respectively, having
insured or reinsured property so dostroyed, who
shall show, by an exhibit of their books of account
and business, that the war premiums actually re-
ceived by them did not equal in amount the losses
paid by them, because ot property thereafterward
capturcd and lost or destroyed by either or all
cruisers bearing the confederate flag.
We provide that if an insurance company
will show a loss in the aggregate growing one
of what is paid for the destruction of property
by any of the confederate cruisers, (not merely
by the action of those that were recognized as
the guilty ones by the arbitration,) it should
be made whole from this fund. We go very
far, allowing them to show loss growing out ot'
the depredations of any one of the confederate
cruisers carrying the confederate flag. What
more does insurance want here? Does it
want speculation heaped on speculation'!
Does it want the concentrated wealth of the
country to grow greater ?
Sir, this war had two sides. One was that
of sacrifice, of loss, of penury, and of suffer-
ing. The other was the side of bloated,
accumulated, aggregate wealth. For my part,
wherever I can see my way plain in settling
for the dreadful results of a dreadful war by
standing against the further aggregation ot
enormous wealth, against further speculation
to augment already swollen fortunes, and on
the side of the equities of the poor, who are
not here powerfully represented, I shall cer-
tainly be found there.
Mr. BUTLEli, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask once more if any gentleman objects to
taking the votes on the amendments, after the
bill is agreed to as a substitute for the Senate
bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts asks that the bill reported from
the committee shall be considered as an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute to the Sen-
ate bill. Is there objection to that course
being taken ?
Mr. POTTER. I have already stated that
I objected to that, If I find thai I can with-
draw the objection I shall so announce.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Before the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts proceeds to close
debate, I desire to ask him a question, which
