98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
Ho. os Reps.
Washington Monument—Mr. GMpman.
42d Gong....3d Sess.
This pillar forms the foundation of the obelisk
column above.
" Both sides of the gallery are divided into spaces
by pilasters, elevated on a continued zocle or base
five feet high, forming an order, with its entablature,
forty feet high, crowned by a vaulted ceiling twenty
feet high, divided by radiating archevaults, corres-
ponding with the relative positions of the opposing
pilasteis, and inclosing deep sunken coffers enriched
with paintings.
44 The spaces between the pilasters are sunk into
niches for the reception of the statues of the fathers
of the Revolution, contemporary with the immortal
Washington ; over which are large tablets to receive
the national paintings commemorative of the battle
and other scenes of that memorable period. Oppo-
site to the entrance of this gallery, at the extremity
of the great circular wall, is the grand niche for
the reception of the statue of the 'Father of his
Country/ elevated on its appropriate pedestal, and
designated as principal in the group by its colossal
proportions.
' * This spacious gallery and rotunda, which properly
may.be denominated the 'national pantheon,' is
lighted in four grand divisions from above, and, by
its circular form, presents each subject decorating
its walls in an interesting point of view, and with
proper effect, as the curiosity is kept up every mo-
ment, from the whole room not being presented to
the eye atone glance, as in the case of a straight
gallery.
"Entering the center pier through an arched way,
you pass into a spacious circular area, and ascend
with an easy grade, by a railway, to the grand ter-
race, seventy-five feet above the base of the monu-
ment. This terrace is seven hundred feet, in circum-
ference, one hundred and eighty feet wide, inclosed
by a colonnaded balustrade fifteen feet high, with its
base and capping. The circuit of this grand terrace
is studded "with small temple-formed structures, con-
stituting the cupolas of the lanterns, lighting the
pantheon gallery below; by moans of these little
temples. from a gallery within, a bird's-eye view is
had of the statues, &c., below.
"Through the base of the great circle of the balus-
trade are four apertures at the four cardinal points,
leading outside of the balustrade, upon the top of
the main cornice, where a gallery six feet wide and
seven hundred and fifty feet in circumference en-
circles the whole, inclosed by an ornamental guard,
forming the crowning member on the top of the
tholus of the main cornice of the grand colonnade.
Within the thickness of this wall staircases descend
to a lower gallery over tho plafond of the pronaos
of the colonnade, lighted from above. This gallery,
which extends all round the colonnade, is twenty feet
wide, divided into rooms for the records of the monu-
ment, works of art, or studios for artists engaged in
the scrvice of the monument. Two other ways com-
municate with this gallery from below.
"In the center of the grand terrace, above de-
scribed, rises the lofty obelisk shaft of the monu-
ment, seventy feet square at the base, and five hun-
dred ieefc high, diminishing as it rises to its apex,
where it is forty feet square; at the foot of thisshait,
and on each face, projectfour massive zoclcs, twenty-
live feet high, supporting so many colossal symbolic
tripods of victory, twenty feet high, surmounted by
facial columns with their symbols of authority.
These zocle faces are embellished with inscriptions,
which are continued around the entire ba^o of the
shaft, and occupy tho surface of that part of the
shaft between the tripods. On each facoof tho shait
above this is sculptured the four leading events m
General Washington's eventful career tn bawo re-
lievo, and above this the shaft is perfectly plain to
within fifty feet of its summit, where a simple star
is placed, emblematic of the glory which the namo
of Washington has attained.
"To ascend to the summitof thecolumn, the same
facilities as below are provided within the shaft by
an easy-graded gallery, which may be traversed by
a railway, terminating in a circular observatory,
twenty feet in diameter, around which at the top is
a lookout gallery, which opens a prospect all aronnd
the horizon. , _ _ ..
" With reference to the area embraced by the
foundations and basement of the monument, and
the uses to which they may be applied, the under-
Bpace outward, occupied by the lower terrace and
colonnade, may be appropriated to the accommoda-
tion of the keepers of the monument, or those having
charge of it and attending on visitors.
"These apartments, which are arched, are well
lighted and aired, as they are all above ground, the
light being disposed in the sunk panels 01 the
stylobate, (base.) The principal entrance to all
these apartments will be from the rear, or opposite
side of the portico entrance. The inner space, or
that under the grand gallery or rotunda, may be
appropriated to catacombs for the reception 01 the
remains of such di?tingjiished men as the nation
may honor with interment here. This subterranean
gallery is so large and lofty that it would accom-
modate many catacombs. . ,
"In the center of the monument is placed the
tomb of Washington, to receive his remains, should
they be removed thither; the descent to which is
by a broad flight of steps lighted by the same light
which illumines his statue."
Any one capable of forming a picture of this
description in his mind must ad&it that the
design is of unparalleled beauty. There is
nothing in the world comparable to it in elabo-
rateness, richness, and massiveness. But the
pantheon is not necessary to the completion
of the obelisk, and is furthermore subject to
almost infinite variety of finish, or may be
omitted altogether.
SECURITY OF FOUNDATIONS.
The popular error to-day in relation to the
security of the foundation to the monument
should be removed. When this question of
the insecurity of the foundation of the monu-
ment and the impracticability of the height
of the structure was first raised, Lieutenant
I. C. Ives, of the topographical engineers,
made an examination of the matter, and sub-
mitted a report, which I think of sufficient
importance to re&d from at some length. He
says:
" Before the monument was commenced the
strongth of the material of which tho obelisk was
to be composed was thoroughly tosted. The results
are on record in the office of tho socioty. It is known
that the marble was found to be able to bear without
crushing a pressure more than fifteen times greater
than it would be subjected to in any part of its
structure. Marble from tho same quarry that has
hitherto supplied material for tho monument can bo
readily procured in sufficient quantity for tho com-
pletion of the work, so that no further experiments
in regard to this point appear necessary.
" A few of the blocks of tho lowest courses havo
slightly chipped at tho edges, owing to the joints
having been laid rather closely. These courses,
however, will be covered by tho base.
" To those who aro aware of tho care which was
taken inlaying the foundation of tho monument,
both in tho selection and preparation of tho bod,
and in the execution of tho masonry work, it will
bo scaredy nccossary to cntor into any statements
in regard to its present condition. Tho tost to which
it has been already subjected may, however, be
mentioned. If raised to tho height of six hundred
feet, tho woight of tho shaft, together with the
foundation, will bo a little more than seventy thou-
sand tons. The woight of the portion now built is
more than forty thousand tons. For live years
therefore, during which tho work has beon sus-
pended, tho foundation has been boaring about
four sevenths of tho pressure that it will ultimately
be required to sustain, and in a recent examina-
tion I was unable to detect .any appearance of
settling or indication of insecurity.
"As the question has been raised, whether tho
height of six hundred feet can bo attained without
endangering tho stability of tho obelisk, a compu-
tation is herewith subjoined, from which it would
appear that, without taking into consideration tho
adhesion of the mortar, the weight alone ol the
structuro would ofier a resistance nearly eighttimes
greater than the overturning effort of the heaviest
tempest to which it would probably ever bo ex-
posed. The pressure duo to tho force of tho wind is
taken at five hundred and seven pounds per super-
ficial yard. This pressure, according to Mr.Lrosnej,
corresponds to a velocity that 'exceeds by ono ninth
the velocity of the greatest storms mentioned in the
annual of the bureau of longitude.' 4
" In regard to the oscillations experienced in high
towers during violont storms, it is stated by Mr.
Fresnel, one of the most eminent French engineers,
that • all well observed facts appear to demonstrate
that the oscillations impressed by tempests oil ma-
son ary towers cannot injure those edifices it they
aro properly built, unless they are wanting in sta-
bility; that is, unless they could be overturned in
mass by the effort of the wind.' . .
"The dimensions ot the obelisk are: height, six
hundred foot; breadth at base, titty-live feet; at
top thirty feet. The area of one of tho faces, 2,833a-
yards multiplied by 507 pounds, and this product by
the semi-height of the obelisk, will give the moment
of the effort of the wind: 430,000,000 pounds.
"The average weight of tho masonry may be
taken atl7U pounds per cubic foot. The well of tho
monument is twenty-five feot square; and the weight
of the whole shaft 125,800,000 pounds, which, multi-
plied by twenty-six feet (the edge ot rotation being
assumed eighteen inches within the exterior surface,
and the lever arm of the resistance consequently
eighteen inches less than the semi-breadth of the
base,) will give tho moment of the resistance,
3,270,800,000 pounds.
" True copy from the minutes:
JOI1N CARUOLL BRENT,
6Tc . retai i/."
This same question had been previously in-
quired into by the select committee of the
House of Representatives, and they reported
in February, 1855, report No. 91, Thirty-Sec-
ond Congress, second session, "that its found-
ations are deeply, broadly, and securely laid,
and are sufficient to support the entire super-
structure." The committee also reported
that they highly approve of the design, and
said, "it, is a noble monument, altogether
worthy the sublime character of which it is to
be a testimonial. The work, so far as it has
been performed, has been faithfully done. It
appearsto be plain and yet beautiful, and your
committee are satisfied it will be enduring."
LAYING CORNKR-STONE, AKI> PROGRESS OF THE WORK.
On the 4th of July, 1848, the corner-stone
of this monuifient was laid, in the presence of
the President, Vice President, and of Sena-
tors, Representatives, heads of Departments,
the judiciary, the corporate authorities of
Washington and Georgetown and Alexandria,
and delegations from all quarters of the Union.
Robert C. Winthrop, then Speaker of the
House of Representatives, delivered an ora-
tion. The work was commenced, and in about
six years the obelisk had reached the height
of one hundred and seven feet, exhausting the
funds of the society, amounting to $230,000.
In 1854 the board of managers memorialized
Congress for aid, stating that their efforts to
obtain further means had proved abortive.
The House of Representatives referred this
memorial to a select committee of thirteen
members, of which Henry May, of Maryland,
was chairman. On the 22d of February, 1855,
Mr. May made a report, approving the pro-
ceedings of the society and recommending
an appropriation of $200,000 by Congress
"on behalf of the people of the United
States, to aid the funds of the society."
In an appeal made by the association to the
country, I find that the failure of the appro-
priations recommended at this time, was the
result of an unfortunate misunderstanding in
the society.
Nothing appears to have been done further
until the 22d of February, 1859, Congress
incorporated a society " for the purpose of
completing tho erection, now in progress, of
a great national monument to the memory of
Washington, at the city of Washington."
Upon the advent of this new corporation, as
the successors of the voluntary society first
formed, it was found that during the previous
four years there had been but two courses of
marble of eight feet each .added to the monu-
ment, leaving its height then, in 1859, one hun-
dred and seventy-four feet. The new corpora-
tion commenced its operations, and. began to
lay its plans for raising funds, but before any-
thing of much importance was accomplished,
the rebellion began and interrupted their fur-
ther progress. Since the war the society has
been fruitlessly endeavoring to obtain further
action on the part of Congress, and have also
invoked the aid "of State and territorial Legis-
latures, of political, corporate, or voluntary
bodies, and also of all societies, associations,
and persons of all denominations, faith, and
creed."
RKSOUKCISS, ASSETS, AND EXPENSES.
In 1859 the Legislature of California appro-
priated $1,000 annually in aid of the mon-
ument, but no part of it has yet been realized.
The citizens of the State, however, generously
contributed at the polls, at the annual election
in 18G0, $10,962, which were paid to the so-
ciety. In April, 1871, the Legislature of New
York passed an act appropriating $10,000
" as the contribution of the State of New
York to the treasurer of the Washington Na-
tional Monument Society, whenever the Gov-
ernor should certify a sufficient sum has been
subscribed from other sources to enable the
society to resume its work, with a reasonable
prospect of completing the obelisk or shaft."
As this assurance cannot be given the Gov-
ernor, this appropriation cannot be realized at
present.
In a letter addressed to me January 22,
1872, and printed in the appendix to the re-
port already referred to, the secretary of the
society, Mr. John Carroll Brent, says:
" The work having ceased in 1855, nothing haa been
done since, of any importance, by this society toward
