1398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
I hope lie will answer as he goes along. I am
very anxious to know from the gentleman how
it was that in the treaty with Prance in 1803,
the treaty with Denmark, and the treaty with
Spain, all those insurers who subrogated were
paid losses. ,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
try and do so.
Mr. POTTER. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds to close the debate, will he allow the
amendment of which I gave notice to be
read?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
allowed it to be offered, and be considered as
pendipg.
Mr. POTTER. Will the gentleman allow
it to be read ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will,
if it does not come out of my time.
Mr. BANKS. I must object to any further
extension of the time.
Mr. POTTER. It will take but a moment
to read it..
The Clerk read as follows.
Amend by striking out lines forty-nine to seventy-
six, inclusive, of section one, being the fifth and
sixth subdivisions of that section, as follows:
5. To all such corporations or citizens as afore-
said, who had paid a premium for war risks on ves-
sels and cargoes, or other property therein, after the
sailing of either of said cruisers, to the amount of
such extra or war premiums paid by them, whether
they suffered loss by capture of their vessels and
property, or otherwise: Provided, That in ease of
such premiums paid or secured to mutual insurance
companies, the indemnity shall be the difference
between the premium paid or secured and the re-
turned security or premium therefor.
6. To all insurers, being citizens or corporations
of the United States, respectively, having insured or
reinsured proporty so destroyed, who shall show, by
an exhibit of their books of account and business,
that the war premiums actually received by them
did not equal in amount the losses paid by them,
because of property thereafterward captured and
lost or destroyed by either or-all cruisers bearing
the confederate flag: Provided, That the amount
paid to any mutual insurance company for losses so
sustained shall be apportioned by the company
among tbe members thereof at the time of the losses
paid by them, respectively, in proportion to the in-
terest then owned by each member thereof: And
provided further. That no insurer shall have any
claim or right in the claims of any assured herein
provided for, because of any assignment, either in
law or in fact, unless such assignee had actually paid
adequate consideration therefor other than under-
writing the policy or settling or paying any loss
claimed by the assured, or unloss such assignment
was made a part of the written contract of insurance
before the policy was underwritten, in express
terms.
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
5. All such corporations or citizens who have in-
sured any of the vessels, cargoes, or freights actually
earuei, lost by capture or destruction by any cruiser
for whose acts said arbitrators have found the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain liable, and who have
actually paid any such insuranco, may apply by
petition, as provided by seotion tbrecof this act for
the recovery of the insurance so paid, and shall be
entitled to recover the sum so paid, to the extent
that the owner of the property thus destroyed and
insured would be entitled by virtue of this act, but
for such payment to recover tor the same : Provided,
The court shall consider that such insurer is, upon
principles of justice and natural equity, entitled to
share to that extent in said fund.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Docs
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Potter]
mean that as an amendment instead of the
one which he offered on yesterday ?
Mr, POTTER. I mean this as the amend-
ment I offered yesterday ; it corresponds to
what I then gave notice of.
Tho SPEAKER. It is the amendment which
the gentleman had leave to prepare ; and, by
consent of the House, it was considered as
pending.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The first
amendment I propose to discuss is that amend-
ment of my colleague on the committee [Mr.
Peters] for interest. If the fund will pay all
the interest I certainly have no objections, but
of that I have some doubt, of which the House
will judge.
.The second amendment has been introduced
by my friend from Vermont, [Mr, Polasd,]
to which I have every possible objections. It
makes the United States bring one suit in
some court against all the world as claimants,
and enables them all to make such claims
as they please. Every sailor from Oregon,
every sailor from San Francisco, every sailor
from Vermont, all the mercantile marine of
Vermont, must come into that court and
becomc party to that suit. That is simply an
impossibility.
But more than that, the substitute if enacted
into law would allow every foreign insurance
company, even Laird himself, as a member
of a foreign insurance company insuring in
this country, to come in and get back the
insurance paid because of the loss of a vessel
by the Alabama which he himself built. Now,
I can never consent to that; and such is a pro-
vision of this amendment. Under it every
man, foreign or native, can come into court
with his claim. I am not going to consent to
provide for Mr. Laird and the London under-
writers to have any place in this bill of in-
demity for losses by the rebel cruisers which
they fitted out. Therefore, if there were no
other objections I should vote against this
proposed substitute.
Another trouble with it is that it is wholly
impracticable; it makes one great suit in
which every man must come from all parts
of this country, and the sailors and the small
owners of claims will be entirely without rem-
edy if this substitute passes. I have only to
call the attention of the House to those two
provisions of this bill to entirely answer, I
think, any hope of its being passed.
We now come to the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Pot-
ter,] which is that the insurance companies
shall have opportunity under this bill to make
their claim upon this fund, whether they may
be foreign or native insurance companies.
Let us then discuss this question of insur-
ance a little further. The theory of insurance
is that the premium pays the loss. That is the
theory of insurance, and that is the fact. I
can insure upon the life of my debtor. If he
dies I recover the insurance; but that does
not pay the debt. I have the right to my
insurance, and to my debt, too. Why? Be-
cause in law and in fact my premium earns
the insurance money paid me. I have a r'ight
to insure any piece of property, except a wager
policy, and have the insurance, although I do
not own a dollar's worth of property. Why?
Because the premium pays the insurance
money which I receive irrespective of the value
of the property. Therefore, I say the whole
theory of insurance is that the premium pays
the loss. If that was not the theory, as well
as the fact, how long could insurance go on?
What is the fact in the case before us? The
fact is that the whole amount of insurance
paid because of all the rebel cruisers is about
$5,000,000, while the whole amount of war
premiums paid to insure against the same
losses thus far claimed is a little rising of
$6,000,000. I believe that not more than two
thirds of the war premiums have yet come in.
Therefore, upon the claims as they stand, the
insurance companies as a body have made
$1,000,000 profit, and I think they have made
$2,500,000 or $3,000,000. Now, are we to
give them $5,000,000 more out of this fund to
the loss and detriment and destruction of the
honest claimants who have lost their all and
paid this great amount, atid have such a pay-
ment called equity and justice ? Nowhere out-
side of Indiana is that considered equity and
justice. I was sorry to hear the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. KEEB]invoke sectional prejudice
against this here. I know where he obtained
his idea relating to this bill; for I saw him
accompany the learned attorney of the insur-
ance companies, Mr. Evarts, into our com-
mittee-room and listen carefully to his argu-
ment. But he heard only one side 
Mr. KERR. The gentleman's statement is
not true ; and he knows it-
Mr, BUTLER, of Massachusetts (to Mr.
Kerb.) Were you not in our committee-
room with Mr. Evarts when he made his
argument?
Mr. KERR. Yes, sir; but I did not "ac-
company" him, as the gentleman states.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Ah! that
then is the point of the denial.
Mr. KERR. Yes; and that is all there is
in the allegation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman was there at that time, and never at
any other time.
Mr. KERR. I had a right to go there by
the courtesy of the committee and listen to
any argument. I went there, but I " accom-
panied" nobody there except the honorable
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This,
then, the key-note of the denial is 
Mr. KERR. The "key-note" of the gen-
tleman's insinuation is a slander, which he
knows is not true.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I saw
the gentleman there on that occasion, and I
never saw him there afterward. Simply de-
claring a statement " not true" when the ma-
terial fact is true and the denial an evasion
does not alter the fact at all.
Now, sir, the House is aware that a gentle-
man who was one of the counsel of the United
States before the Geneva tribunal was at the
same time retained attorney of one or more of
the insurance compauies ; and he told us be-
fore the committee that he was the paid attor-
ney of the insurance companies before he was
the counsel of the United States; and that he
went to Geneva as their retained counsel.
This gentleman came before the committee
and argued the rights of the insurance compa-
nies; and he has been on this floor arguing
their case, with what results we shall see.
But his arguments cannot in my judgment
change the vote of any man who has heard
both sides. His sophistry and ability may
influence the mind of a man who hears only one
side. The humble people who have suffered
losses by paying these war premiums—the poor
sailors, the poor passengers who were set
ashore on foreign soil, the poor men who had
little ventures in vessels—these men have been
able to employ no paid agent or attorney here;
and they have not been heard here except so
far a^they may have been incidentally heard
through the feeble voice of him who now
speaks to you.
Mr. KERR. May I ask the gentleman a
question ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
I beg pardon ; the gentleman cannot ask mo
a question after insisting that I have said a
thing that was not true.
Mr. KERR. Is not the gentleman from
Massachusetts the paid attorney of other
claimants ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
No, sir.
Mr. KERR. 1 have heard it stated that he is.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The
statement heard is false.
Mr. KERR. That may be. I do not assert
it; but I have heard it stated to be true.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then
the gentleman insinuates upon false report
what he dare not say.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to a point of order.
It is not the right of any member to charge
another with falsehood.
Mr. PETERS. The remark was merely
that the statement was false.
Mr. BANKS. It is the same thing. I sub-
mit that such remarks are not admissible, and,
under ordinary circumstances, would check the
debate between the two gentlemen. Such
remarks ought not to be allowed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I need
no assistance or defense of my collegue. I
have said nothing that is unparliamentary;
I have nothing to take back. But I will now
say there are some men who are so little
acquainted with an honest transaction that
they do not know one when they see it.
[Laugher.] That is all I need to say.
