1400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
NAYS—Messrs. Acker. Ambler, Ames, Archer,
Averill, Banks, Barber. Barry, Beatty, Erasmus W.
Beck, Bell. Bigby, Biggs, Bingham, Bird. Austin
Blair. Boarmtn, Boles, Byaxton, Buckley, Buffin-
ton.'Bunnell, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. But-
ler. Roderick R. Butler, Cobb. Coburn, Coghlan,
Conger, Conner, Cotton, Crebs. Critcher, Crocker,
Darrall, Donnan, DuBose, Duell. Dunneli, Eanies,
Eldredge, Elliott, Esty, Finkelnburg, Charles Fos-
ter, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garrett, Goodrich, Grif-
fith. Haldeman, Hale, Hambieton, Handley, Har-
mer, Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris,
John B. Ilawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Hays,
Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hereford,
Holman, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg,
Keteham, King, Lamport, Lansing, Lynch. Mac-
Intyre, Manson, Marshall, Maynard, McClelland,
McGrew, McHenry, McJunkin, McKee, McKin-
ney, Merriam, Monroe, Moore, William E. Niblack,
Orr, Packard, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker. Isaag C.
Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Por-
ter, Price, Prindle, Rainey. Randall, Read. John M.
Rice, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Rob-
erts, Robinson, John Rogers, Sion II. Rogers, Rusk,
Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shella-
barger, Sherwood, Shober, Shoemaker, Slater, Slo-
cum, Sloss, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith,
Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stoughton, Sto well, St. J ohn, Sypher, Taffe, Thomas,
Washington Townsend, Tuthill, Twichell, Tyner,
Upson. Van Trump, Voorhees, Waddell, Wake-
man, Wallace, Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley, Wil-
lard, Williams of Indiana, John T. Wilson, Win-
chester, and Young—157.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barnum, James G. Blair,
Brooks, Campbell, Clarke, Comingo, Cox, Creely,
Davis, Dawes, Dickey, Dox, Farriswortb, Farwell,
Forker. Garfield. Getz. Gollada,y, Ilalsey, Havens,
Hoar, Killinger, Kinsella, Lamison, Leach, Lewis,
Lowe, McCrary, MoNeely, Mitchell, Morey, Mor-
phis, Negley, Silas L. Niblack, Packer, Poland,
Roosevelt, Sargent, Seeley, Worthington C. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Sutherland, Swaftn, Dwight Town-
send, Walden, Williams of New York, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, and Wood—49.
So the amendment of Mr. Potter was not
agreed to.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to allow a vote on an amend-
ment to strike out the fourth clause of section
one, orj page 3.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I decline
to admit any further amendments.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 hope the gentleman
will allow a vote on striking out the fifth and
sixth subdivisions of section one.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. A vote
has been takru on the proposition to strike out
and insert.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object more to the matter
which was proposed to be inserted than to this.
The next amendment was that of Mr.
Peters, as follows:
On page 9. in line ninety-four, after the word
" cent" insert the following words: " from the date
of the loss in all cases tailing within the four
classes first described in this act, and in all other
Cases."
So that it will read :
If the court find in favor of the petitioner, it ma.y
assess and determine the sum which will be an in-
demnity, with interest at five per cent, from the
date of the loss in all cases falling within the four
classes first described in this aet, and in all other
eases from the date of the award of Geneva, &c.
The House divided; and there were ayes
twenty-eight, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment a bill of
the House of the following title:
A bill (H. R. No. 3315) for the relief of
Henry Goldhammer.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed with amendments, m which the
concurrence of the House was requested, a
bill of the House of the following title :
A bill (H. R. No. 2312) to revise, consolid-
ate, and amend the l$w,s. relating to pensions.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the several reports of the
committees of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on bills of the House
and a bill of the Senate of the following titles :
A bill (H. R. No. 2763) to-provide a build-
ing suited to the use of the custom-house,
post office, the pension and revenue officers,
and the judicial officers of the United States
in the city of Memphis, Tennessee ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3258) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic service
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1874, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3352) making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other
works of defense for the year ending June 30,
1874; and
A bill (S. No. 96) for the relief of Cowan
& Dickinson, of Knoxville, Tennessee.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, and requested the concur-
rence, of the House in, bills of the following
titles:
A bill (S. No. 1283) to provide for the relief
of the State of Connecticut and otfrer States ;
and
A bill (S. No. 1602) to provide for the ex-
penses of the investigation of the recent sena-
torial election in Kansas.
PENSION LAWS
Mr. MOORE. I ask unanimous consent
that House bill No. 2312, fco revise, consolidate,
and amend the laws relating to pensions, just
returned with amendments from the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and printed with the amendments.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
GENEVA AWARD.
The House resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R No. 3139) to provide for the
just and equitable distribution of the award
made to the United States by the commis-
sioners at Geneva under the treaty of Wash-
ington,
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
substitute moved by the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Poland.]
The substitute, which was read, was to strike
out all of the enacting clause and to insert the
following :
That within sixty days after payment shall be
made by the Government of Great Britain to the
Government of the United States of the sum awarded
by the commissioners under the treaty of Wash-
ington, at Geneva, the Attorney General ot the
United States shall file in the circuit court of the
United States, in the circuit to be designated by the
President, a bil I in equity, in the nature of a bill of
interpleader, setting forth so much of said treaty as
provides for the submission to said arbitration, the
due appointment of the commissioners, the making
ot said award, and the payment thereof. The said
bill shall also set forth whether any portion of said
money paid upon said award is claimed by the Gov-
ernment of the United States for losses or damages
to the same by the acts of the vessels named in the
said award, and a concise statement of the facts,
grounds, and amount of such claims. And every
person, company, or corporation who has already
filed a claim in the State Department for damages
caused by the acts of the vessels for and on account
of which said award is so made, shall be named as de-
fendants in said bill; and they claim severally to
be entitled to portions of the said money, but the par-
ticulars of their respective claims need not be set
forth. And notice of the commenceqient and pend-
ency of such bill shall be given by publishing the
substance thereof in one public newspaper in each
State and Territory for three successive months.
And such notice shall state the day of filing such
bill, and that every person, company, orcorporation
named therein as defendant, and also every person,
company, or corporation claiming to be entitled to
any part of the said fund, and desiring to appear in
said cause to assert such claims, arc required to file an
appearance therein within six months from the filing
oi said bill. And all and every person, company, or
corporation, whether named as a defendant in said
bill ornot, who shallnotenter an appearance therein
within said six months, shall be forever barred of all
right or claim in or to any part of said award.
Sec. 2. That every person, company, or corpor-
ationwho shall, within six months after the filing
of said bill, appear and claim to be entitled to any
part ofs&id award, shall be admitted as a party and
claimant therein ; and within two months after the
expiration of said six months every claimant to any,
part ot said award who has duly entered as such in
said cause shall fileinsaidcourtawritten statement,
giving concisely and clearly the facts and grounds
of his claim, and the amount thereof: Provided,
That those persons named as defendants and claim-
ants in the bill may file such statement of their
claims at any time after,said bill is filedt and before
the expiration of said six months, at their option.
Sec. 3. That immediately after the filing of such
statement of claim by any claimant, the court shall
fix a reasonable time for such claimant to take and
file his evidence in support thereof, and shall allow
; the Government reasonable time to take and file
evidence in opposition thereto, and any claimant
shall be allowed to file evidence in opposition to any
claim made by the United States to ahy part of such
fund, and. all testimony shall be taken in the man-
ner and according to the practice of the court in
equity causes.
Sec. 4. That when the evidence is closed upon any
claim the court shall proceed to determine the same,
and in all such adjudications the court shall be
governed by the rules and principles established m
courts of equity, and in allowing or disallowing
costs shall fallow the same rules.
Sec. 5. That whenever more than $5,000 of any
claim shall be disallowed by the court, the claimant
may appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States, and whenever any claim exceeding $5,000
shall be disallowed the United States shall have the
same right ot appeal; and if any claim shall be
allowed in favor of the United States, exceeding
$6,000, any claimant, or any number of claimants
jointly, may appeal therefrom; and all appeals shall
be taken according to the law and rules governing
appeals in equity from the circuit to the Supremo
Court. Upon the allowance of any such appeal it
shall pa-ss immediately to the Supreme "Court for
hearing, without n.waiting the decision of other
claims, and such appeal shall not delay proceedings
in the circuit court upon other claims filed in the
cause.
Sec. 6. That all appeals from the allowance or
disallowance of such claims shall be entered at the
term of the Supreme Court next after such appeal,
and the Supreme Court shall give them precedence
of other causes in said court, so far that they shall
be heard at the time they are entered, and the de-
cision of the Supreme Court shall be certified back to
the court from which the appeal was taken,
Sec. 7. That whenever final judgment shall be
rendered in the circuit court in favor of any claim-
ant, a duly certified copy thereof shall be issued to
the claimant, and the same shall be immediately
filed by such claimant with the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Sec. 8. That when the said award shall be paid by
Great Britain to the Secretary of State of the United
States, he shall notify the Secretary of the Treasury
thereof, and pay the amount into the Treasury of
the United States, to be held for the satisfaction of
all such claims as shall be allowed. And the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall thereupon investthesame
in five per cent, bonds of the United States. And
wheneverit becomes theduty of the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay any judgment of said court upon
any claims, he may sell enough of said bonds for that
purpose. And after all the judgments of said court
are paid, if any balance of said fund remains it shall
be carried into the Treasury.
Sec. 9. That all claims allowed by said court in
favor of the United States shall have priority and
be first paid out of said fund.
Sec. 10. That if the amount of claims filed in said
cause shall exceed the amount received on said
award, none of said judgments shall be paid by the
Secretary of theTreasury until all the claims shall be
adjudicated, and if the amount of the judgments m
favor of private claimants shall exceed the amount
of said award, after deducting all claims allowed in
favor of the United States, then the money remain-
ing of said award shall be paid pro rata to said
claimants: Provided., however, That if at any time
it shall be made to appear to the Secretary of the
Treasury that so many of such claims have been
finally disallowed that said fund will be sufficient to
pay the remaining claims in full, he shall pay such
judgments on presentation of the properly certified
copies thereof.
The question was taken upon agreeing to
the substitute; and upon a division, there
were—ayes 57, noes 81.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. POLAND called for the yeas and nays.
Upon ordering the yeas and nays there
were twenty-nine in the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken ; and there
were—yeas 63, nays 125, not voting 52 ; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Erasmus
W. Beck. James B. Beck, Biggs, Bird, Boarman,
Boles. Braxton, Bright, Burchard, Caldwell, Car-
roll, Coburn, Comingo, Crebs, Darrall, Davis, Dodds,
Dox, Duke, Henry D. Foster, Garfield, Giddings,
Golladay, Hancock, Handley, George E, Harris,
Josoph R. Hawley, Hay, Hereford, Hibbard. Hill,
Kendall, Kerr, King, Maclntyre, McCormick, Mc-
Kee. McKmney, Merriam, Merrick, Morgan, Leon-
ard Myers, Negley, Silas L. Niblack, William E.
Niblack, Poland, Potter, Edward Y. Eice, Shober,
Sloss, Stevens, Storm, Terry, Tyner, Waddell,
Warren, Wells, Whitthorne, Winchester, and
Young—63.
NAYS —Messrs. Ames, Archer, Averill, Barber,
Barry, Beatty, Bell, Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair.
James G. Blair, Buckley, Buffinton, Bunnell, Bur-
dett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cobb,
Coghlan, Conger, Conner. Critcher, Crocker, Cro&s-
land, Donnan, DuBose, Duell, Dunnell, Enme^, Eld-
redge, Elliott, Esty, Finkelnburg, Charles Fosler,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garrett. Gooduch, Griffith,
Haldeman, Hale, Hambieton, 11a,rmer.Harper, John
T. Harris, John B. Hawley, Hays, Gerry W. Hazel-
ton, John W. Hazelton, Herndon, Holman, Hooper,
Houghton, Keteham, Lamison, Lamport, Lansing,
