1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1401
Lowe, Lynch, Manson, Maynard, McClelland, Mc-
Crary, McGfrew, McHenry, McJunkin, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Monroe, Moore, Morphia. Packard, Hosea
W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendletop.Perry,
Peters, Piatt,Porter, Prindle, Rainey, Randall, Read,
John M.Rice, Ritchie, Ellis H.Roberts, William R.
Roberts, Robinson, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers,
Rusk, Sargent, Scofleld, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon,
Sbellabareer, Sherwood, Shoemaker, Slater, Slo-
cura, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snyder,
Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stoughton, 8 to we! i,
St. John, Syplier, Taffe, Thomas, Washington Town-
send. Turner, Tuthill, Twiehell, Upson, Voorhees,
Wakeman, AVheeler, Whiteley. Willard, "Williams
ol Indiana, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—125.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Banks, Barnum,
Brooks, Campbell, Clarke, Cotton, Cox, Creely,
Dawes, Dickey, Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell, Forker,
(letz, Halsey, Hanks, Havens, Hoar, Kclley, Kel-
logg, Killinger, Kmsella, Leach, Lewis, Marshall,
MeNecly, Mitchell, Morey, Orr, Packer, Palmer,
Perce, Price, Roosevelt, Sawyer, Seeley, Worthing-
ton C. Smith, Snapp, Stevenson, Sutherland. Swann,
Dwight Townsend, Van Trump, Vaughan, Walden,
Waldron, Wallace, Williams of New York, John T.
Wilson, and Wood—52.
So the substitute was not agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time: and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. POTTER. Is it in order now to move
to lay this bill on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. POTTER. Then I make that motion.
The question was then taken on the motion
to lay the bill on the table; and it was not
agreed to.
The question was then taken on the passage
of the bill; and upon a division there were—
ayes 93, noes 53.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. MAYNARD called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, there being
thirty in the affirmative, more than one fifth
of the last vote.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 122, nays 56, not vot-
ing 62 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Barry, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, Bell, Bigby, Bing-
lmm, Austin Blair, James G. Blair. Buckley, BufBn-
ton, Bunnell, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Cobb. Coghlan, Conger, Conner, Cotton, Crocker
Uiiy , UUUUl lUU, UllUim, fi
ton, Harmer, Harper, George Ii. Harris, Havens,
John B. Ilawley, Joseph R. ilawley, Hay, Gerry W.
Hazelton, John W. Hazelt.on, Hereford, Hill, Hoi-
man, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Keteham, Lam-
port., Lowe, Manson, McClelland, McCrary, McGrew,
McHenry, McJunkin, Monroe, Moore, William E.
Niblack, Orr, Packard, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker,
Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perry, Peters,
Piatt, Portcsr, Prindle, Ramey, Randall, Read,
Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, William II.Roberts, Rob-
inson, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Rusk. Sargent,
Scofield, Sessions, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Shoemaker, Slater, Slocum, II. Boardman Smith,
Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stoughton, Stowell,
St. John, Sypher, Taffe, Washington Towns-end, Tut-
hiil, Twichell, Tynor, Upson, Van Trump, Vaughan,
Voorhees, Waddell. Wallace, Wells, Wheeler, Wil-
lard, Williams of Indiana, and John T. Wilson—122.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, James B.
Beck, Biggs, Bird, Boarman, Boles, Braxton, Bright,
Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Carroll, Commgo,
Crebs, Crossland, Davis, Dodds. Dox, DuBose,
Duke, Henry D. Foster, Biddings, Hancock, Hand-
ley, Hanks, JohnT. Harris, Hibbard, Kendall, Kerr,
King, Lamison, Maclntyre, Marshall, Maynard,
McCormick, McKee, McKinney, Merriam, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Poland, Potter, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
lliee, Stevens, Storm, Terry, Warren, Wtntthorne,
Williams of New York, Winchester, and Young—ob.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Barnum.
Brooks, Campbell, Clarke, Coburn, Cox, CreAly,
Critcher, Dawes, Dickey, Duell, Ely, larnsworth,
Farwell, Finkclnburg, Forker Garfield, Garrett,
Get?,, Halsey, Hays, Herndon, Hoar. Hooper, Kil-
linger, Kinsella, Lansing, Leach, Lewis, Lynch, Mc-
Necly, Mitchell, Morey, Negley, Silas L. Niblack,
Packor, Perce, Price, Roosevelt, bawyor, beeley,
Shanks, Shober, Sloss, John A. Smith, Worthing-
ton C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Stevenson, Sutherland,
Swann, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, lurner. Wake-
man, Walden, Waldron, Whiteley, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, and Wood—02.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll call,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, said: I desire
to announce that on,this question I am paired
with the gentleman from Maine, Mr. Lynch.
If he were here he would vote in favor of this
bill, while I should vote against it.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stbted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found duly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same :
An act (H. It. No. 872) to provide for the
sale of certain New York Indian lands in
Kansas; and
An act (H. R. No. 2053) authorizing the
nomination and appointment to the retired list
of the Navy of certain volunteers on the active
list of the Navy who are disabled in conse-
quence of wounds received during the late war.
OKDEll 01' BUSINESS.
Mr. BEATTY. I rise to present a privileged
report from the Committee on Printing.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the House
to go into Committee of the Whole for an hour
on the miscellaneous appropriation bill.
Mr. BANKS. I hope we shall have the
morning hour.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have a privileged re-
port—a report of a committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. The report of a confer-
ence committee being a matter of the highest
privilege, has priority over all other business.
PUBLIC BUILDING, MEMPHIS, TENNESSEE.
Mr. MAYNARD submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House (11. R. No. 2703) pro-
viding for a building suited to tho use of the custom-
house, post office, the pension and revenue officers,
and thejudiciat officers of tho United States, in tho
city of Memphis, Tennessee, having met, aitor froc
and full conference have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend, to their respective Houses as fol-
lows:
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the first amendment fif the Senate, and agroe to the
same with the following amendment:
Strike out the words proposed to bo inserted by
the Senate, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorised and directed to cause plans and
estimates to be made for a tire-proof building, or a
building with a fire-proof vault extending to each
story, suitable for a custom-house, bonded ware-
house, court-house, and post office at Memphis,
Tennessee; and he is also authorized, at his discre-
tion, to sell or exchange the lot now owned by the
United States in the city of Memphis aforesaid, as a
site for a court-house, for a new or more eligible site
for the erection of the building herein mentioned,
or may purchase additional ground for the enlarge-
ment of said site, or may purchaso a more eligible
site; and the sum of 825,000, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, is hereby appropriated for said
purpose out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated: Provided, That no greater sum
shall be used for the purchase of a new site, or tho
enlargementof the present site, than the sum herein
appropriated, in addition to whatever sum may be
realized from the sale of the site now owned by the
United States.
And the Senate agree to the same.
That tho House rccede from its disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendment:
In line three, after the word " made," insert tho
words " and a suitable site provided."
And the Senate agree to the same.
HORACE MAYNARD,
WALTER L. SESSIONS,
ERASTUS WELLS,
Manager* on the part of the IIousc.
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
J. W. STEVHNoON,
J. L. ALCORN,,
Managers on the part oj the Set veto.
Mr. MAYNARD. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the conierence report was
adopted.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider th®
vote by which the conference report was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COWAN AND DICKINSON.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I rise to a priv-
ileged question, and submit the following
report from a committee of conference.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho bill (S. No. 90)
entitled "A bill for the relief of Cowan & D iokinson
of Knoxville, Tennossee," having met, after full and
free discussion have agreed to recommend to their
respective Houses as follows :
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendment,of the House, and concur with an
amendment striking out " $01,880" and insorting
"$50,000."
And that the House agree to the same.
AUSTIN BLAIR,
C. FOSTER.
JOHN T. HARRIS:
Munftffcrfi on the part of the Jlovxe,
HENRY COOPER,
D. 1>. PRATT,
T. 0. HOWE,
Manaoerx on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BLAIR of Michigan demanded the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion 'hereof the conference report was
adopted.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the conference report
was adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN JAKED S. CttlNDALL AND OTHERS.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 196) granting medals to Jared S. Cran-
dall and others.
There was no objection ; and the joint reso-
lution was received, and read afirst and second
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the President of the United States
be authorized and requested to cause to be
made and presented to each of the following
persons such suitable and appioptiate medals
as in his judgment shall express the high es-
timation in which Congress hold the respect-
ive merits and services of Captain Jared S.
Crandall, Albert Crandall, Daniel F. Larkin,
Frank Larkin. Byron Green, John Harris,
Conrtland Gavitt, Eugene Nash, Edwin Nash,
and William Nash, of the town of Westerly,
State of Rhode Island, who so gallantly vol-
unteered to man the life-boat and a fishing
boat, and saved the lives of thirty-two persons
from the wreck of the steamer Metis, on the
waters of Long Island sound, on the 31st
August, 1872.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Does this include
the captain of the revenue steamer?
Mr. PENDLETON. It does not.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Then why not in-
clude the captain of the revenue steamer?
Mr. PENDLETON. If we gave the seamen
the thanks of Congress as they were given to the
captain of the revenue steamer it would en-
title them to the privilege of this floor, and
after consultation it was thought to be more
appropriate to present them with medals.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote hy which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion'to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLICATION 01' DEBATES.
Mr. BEATTY. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, and call up a joint resolution (II. R. No.
195) providing for the reporting and printing
of the debates in Congress.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
