102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 18,
Ho. of Reps.
Refunding of Cotton Tax—Mr. Kerr.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Indeed, if you measure the power to tax by
the capacity of Congress to find articles for
taxation, which articles are in fact uniform
throughout the United States, you thereby
practically deny to Congress all effective
power to raise revenue, because it is physically
and commercially impossible to find any arti-
cles that are in truth uniform throughout the
United States. The only rational escape from
these difficulties is in the conclusion that the
constitutional uniformity has no reference
whatever, and was never intended to have any
relation to the things taxed, but only to the
rate of taxation. This construction at onee
removes all embarrassment and doubt. It
then becomes easy and natural to obey the true
intent and purpose of the injunction that "all
duties, imposts, and excises shall be uniform
throughout the United States." If the tax
be a duty or impost, such as the duty on
sugar, it must be the same in rate or amount
in every State, at every port, and not one rate
for sugar imported into Boston and another
rate if imported into New Orleans.
If the tax be an excise, such as the tax on
tobacco, the rate per pound must be the same
in every State, and not twenty cents per pound
in Virginia, and fifteen in Kentucky, aud ten
in Connecticut; because any of these inequal-
ities would effectually destroy the required uni-
formity. This construction is in harmony with
all the other provisions of the Constitution on
the subject of taxation. It is also fully sus-
tained in spirit and principle by the writers and
judges who have referred to the subject at all.
Mr. Story, in speaking of the object of this
injunction, says:
" It was to cut off all undue preferences of one
State ovor another in the regulation of subjects
affecting their common interests. Unless duties,
imposts, and excises were uniform, the grossest and
most oppressive inequalities, vitally affecting the
pursuits and employments of the people of different
btates might exist. The agriculture, commeree, and
manufactures of one State might be built up on the
ruins of those of another; and a combination of a
few State.-; in Congress might secure a monopoly of
certain branches uf trado and business to themselves
to the injury, if not to the destruction, of their less
favored neighbors."—Story on Constitution, sec. 957.
The tax of three cents per pound on cotton is
by .the law made the same in all the States. It
is therefore uniform. It makes no difference
that all the cotton is raised in eleven States.
The uniformity does not relate to the thing. The
fact that all our cotton is produced in eleven
States may well be permitted to affect the ques-
tion of expediency or policy. On the latter
grounds, I heartily concede that the tax should
never have been imposed. It certainly was, in
a practical sense, unequal and unjust, as I shall
more fully show hereafter. But the claim of
the friends of repayment, that the tax was
unconstitutional because it was not uniform,
is in my judgment not tenable. The word
uniform, whenever found in analogous pro-
visions in State constitutions, has, I believe
without a single exception, been construed to
relate to the rate of taxation, not the subject-
matter of taxation; or, when applied to the
latter at all, merely to forbid an article to be
taxed if the property of one person or class
of persons, and expressly to exempt the same
if the property of another person or class.
WAS IT A DIRECT TAX IX THE INTENDMENT OF THE
CONSTITUTION ?
The Constitution declares that "no capita-
tion or other direct tax shall be laid unless in
proportion to the census." If the cotton tax
was a direct tax it was unconstitutionally as-
sessed, because it was assessed upon the thing
and not upon the States of the Union "in
proportion to the census." Those who de-
mand its repayment aver that it was a direct
tax. The Constitution does not define what
is a direct tax except one, the capitation tax.
But on this subject, fortunately, our constitu-
tional and judicial history afford more clear
and intelligent guidance. Under the old gov-
ernment called the Confederation our rulers
had to rely for federal revenue alone upon re-
quisitions on the States. That system was
most unsatisfactory, excited great sectional
discontent, left' the Congress often without
revenue, and it had no power to enforce pay-
ment of its requisitions.
Therefore, a primary and constant purpose
in the formation of the present Government
was to enlarge its power of taxation so that it
should embrace everything except exports.
And further, to avoid all inharmonious rela-
tions and possible conflicts with the States
in the collection of revenue, it was also the
manifest policy of the framers that the Gov-
ernment should exercise its powers at once
and directly upon the citizens in the assessment
and collection of taxes. Direct taxes, which
are required to be assessed on the rule of
apportionment, are therefore not favored.
Whenever imposed, they must be on the basis
of the census, which is a rule always and
essentially unequal .upon the citizens, and
therefore unjust, because it assesses the taxes
without any relation to the ability of the tax-
payer to pay, and compels the citizens of
impoverished sections and States to pay as
much per capita as the citizens of the most
wealthy and prosperous sections; the poor to
pay as much as the rich.
"The rule of apportionment is radically wrong;
it cannot be supported by any solid reasoning."—
JusticePaterson, 3.DallasH., 178.
Keeping these principles in view, I proceed to
show, somewhat in chronological order, what
are direct taxes by citing the opinions of
framers of the Constitution, of other writers,
and of the courts on the subject.
Mr. Hamilton distinctly intimates that direct
taxes consist alone of the capitation tax and
the tax on lands and buildings. (Federalist,
Nos. 21 and 36.) In 1796 Justice Chase, of
the Supreme Court of the United States, said
in his opinion in the very important case of
Hylton vs. The United States, (8 Dallas li.,
178;)
" I am inclined to think, but of this I do not givo
a judicial opinion, that the direct taxes contem-
plated by the Constitution are only two, to wit, a
capitation or poll-tax, simply without regard to
property, profession, or any other circumstance,
and a tax oil land."
This judgment is entitled to great respect,
because Mr. Chase was the compeer of the
framers of the Constitution, and the opinion
was expressed when their conduct, policy, and
motives were yet held in vivid recollection.
In the same case, Justice Paterson, who was
a leading and able member of the Constitu-
tional Convention, said on this subject:
" I never cntortained a doubt that tho principal, i
will not pay tho only objects, that the framers of the
Constitution contemplated as falling within tho rule
of apportionment, were a capitation tax and a tax
on land."
In that ease the court held unanimously that
a federal tax on carriages was not a direct tax.
Ellsworth, the Chief Justice, and Justice Wil-
son, had both been active members of the Con-
vention. Yet neither of them expressed any
dissent from the opinions of Chase and Pater-
son on the definition of direct taxes. Mr.
Bawle, in his able commentary on the Consti-
tution, assumes that direct taxes are the'poll
tax and the tax on lands. (liawle on Consti-
tution, ch. 9, p. 80.) Judge Tucker, of Vir-
ginia, a man of great ability and integrity, ex-
presses the same general opinion. (Tucker's
Black. Comm., App. 294.)
Mr. Story, in speaking of direct and indirect
taxes, says:
"Under tho former denomination are included
taxes on land or real property, and under the latter
taxes on articles of consumption."—/Story on Consti-
tution, sec. 950.
Again, after stating that the poll-tax is one
of the direct taxes, he says:
"Taxes on lands, houses, and other permanent
real estate, or on parts or appurtenances thereof,
have always been deemed of tho same oharaeter.
that is, direct taxes. It has been seriously doubted,
if, in the sense of the Constitution, any taxes aro
direct taxes except those on polls or on lands."
In 1868, the present Supreme Court decided
that an income tax is not a direct tax, and very
broadly intimated that the only direct taxes
are the taxes on polls and on lands. (7 Wal-
lace K., 433.) And in 1869, the same court
decided that the discriminating tax imposed
by Congress in 1866 on the notes of State
banks is not a direct tax. (8 Wallace R., 533.)
The conduct of the Government in its mode
of collecting direct taxes, whenever imposed
in our past history, is worthy of consideration
in this connection. Such taxes have been four
times imposed by Congress. The first direct
tax was for $2,000,000, and was assessed in
1798, by the rule of apportionment on all the
States. The next, in 1813, was for $3,000,000,
and was assessed in the samo way. The third
was for $6,000,000, in 1815, and was made
an annual tax, but was repealed in 1816. It
was assessed in like manner. The subject
upon which the several laws required it to be
assessed in detail for collection were lands,
permanent improvements, dwelling-houses,
and slaves.
The last of these taxes was imposed in 18G1,
for $20,000,000, and was assessed upon the
States on the same rule, and was required to
be collected from lands, permanent improve-
ments, aud dwelling-houses alone. It thus
appears that sinc3 1798 the practical construc-
tion of the Government has limited direct
taxes to the capitation tax and the tax on lands,
unless the tax on slaves constitutes an excep-
tion. I think it does not. It was imposed
obviously on the legal assumption that slaves
were realty. It was well known to the law-
makers that most of the southern States for
many purposes classed them as realty, and
made them pass as such by descent to heirs.
Oh this general subject, in the case of the
Veazie Bank vs. Fenno, (8 Wallace, 543,) Mr.
Chief Justice Chase, in giving the opinion of
the Court, says:
"The fact, then, that slaves wore valued, under
the act referred to, far from showing, as some have
supposod, that Congress regarded personal property
as a proper object of direct taxation under the Con-
stitution, shows only that Congress regarded slaves
for tho purposes of taxation as realty.
" It may bo rightly affirmed, therefore, that, in tho
practical construction of the Constitution by Con-
gress, direct taxes have been limited to taxes on
land and appurtenances, and taxes on polls, or
capitation taxes.
"And this construction is entitlod to great consid-
eration, especially in the absence of anything ad-
verse to it in the discussions of the Convention which
framed, and of the Conventions whioh ratified, tho
Constitution."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to say that when
I entered upon this investigation I did not
realize with what singular fidelity and em-
phasis and uniformity almost all the authori-
ties sustain the proposition that the only direct
taxes that can exist under the Constitution
are the poll-tax and the land tax. The full-
ness of these authorities, and the entire absence
of judicial or other authority to the contrary,
afford impressive confirmation that the best
judgment of the country accepts this propo-
sition as the settled construction of the Con-
stitution. It is in harmony also with sound
reason and policy. The direct tax is not to
be favored or extended by interpretation, for
it is odious.
If you admit that any personal property may
be the subject of a direct tax, you are at sea.
There is no legal, constitutional, or rational
principle by which you can say that one article
of personal property may and another may
not be the subject of a direct tax which shall
be apportioned according to the census. Your
courts would soon be compelled to indulge in
all manner of fanciful, shadowy, .and meta-
physical distinctions, and the country would
only reap a harvest of confusion. I conclude,
