438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
when those treaties were made, that those In-
dians knew as little about what they had agreed
to do as the wildest animal that roamed the
plains. It may be said, "'you have got inter-
preters." Yes, but nevertrust one in a treaty,
for they will lie your eyes out, and tell the
Indians things that are not written, and write
things that have not been told. The way out
of this labyrinth, I repeat, is to abrogate your
treaties.
Then what next? I would throw myself,
were I the wildest Indian on the plains, into
the arms of a generous nation that had been
so liberal with me ere I would trust myself
one winter with the maneuvers of a skillful
agent or treaty-maker by habit. Where are
they to go, wild men and wild women as they
are, who are hovering upon our borders like
the clouds that forbode storms—where are
they to go but to the generous bosom of the
nation that has fed them so long, without
written or other stipulation?
I repeat, Mr. President, abrogate your trea-
ties, for they are a delusion. I stand here to-
day to deny, from a careful inspection of the
treaties, that an Indian holds a title to a foot
of land in this nation. He holds the right of
use by stipulation, but beyond that it does
not go.
" Take care of the Indians." Yes, I would
take care of the Indian. How ? I would shove
civilization among them and let population in
its natural tread mingle with them on every
hill-top and in every valley. Sir, you may as
well tell me that you can teach religion by pre-
cept alone as to tell me that you can civilize
men in isolation. There is something, Mr.
President, I cannot describe what it is, but
there is a magnetic power and influence that is
carried with civilization that cannot be carried
in any book. It is given from the eye; it is
imparted by the motion ; it is carried and borne
along by an electric current that is irresistible,
and the savages pick it up, and the first thing
that you see where they are crowded around
with a white population, is that they imitate
the dress, the manner, the language, the every-
thing of the whites, taking up some of their
vices as well as their virtues.
My friend from Iowa shakes his head a little.
I repeat, if you would civilize, humanize, and
Christianize the Indians, let your white popula-
tion mingle with them, and let their example be
worthy of the imitation of the savages. Dwell
round these old skeleton treaties and you are
all the time more mystified. A treaty is not
dried on the paper on which it is written until
it is changed. It is amusing and instructive
to talk of the Choctaw and the Chickasaw
treaties. My friend from Iowa knows much
better than I do how many time3 they have
been changed. It would hardly be worth
while for me to particularize them, but they
are changed continually. Why changed?
Because the necessities of the tribe or the
necessities of the Government require it. All
treaties from the day of Harold Harefoot
down to- the present day have been broken.
Treaties between nations stand no longer than
they are agreeable to both or depending upon
the power of the nation that proposes to do
away with them. Treatiesare things thatexist
while all the necessities remain the same.
When General Jackson, for I believe it was
he, made the treaty with the Cherokees and
the Chocktaws, wise and far-seeing as he was,
it never entered into his head for a moment
that the foot of civilization would tread as far
west as the land then given to them. It was
an isolated, locked-up place, where it was
supposed the savage could roam forever and
never again interfere with civilization. But,
sir, how soon has all that been changed! That
treaty was hardly made, in a nation's history
not an hour, before the rapping3 at the bound-
ary of that Indian territory were heard, and-
now what appearance does it present? To-day
there are three railroads right up against it and
the surging waves of population from the west-
ern shore are dashing full head against it.
Now, say the sticklers for treaties, we must stop
there; thus far and no further; here stand
twenty thousand half-civilized indians. I re-
peat, all the circumstances have changed. The
weaker will go before the stronger, make what
laws you please. Their tread is the tread of
masses that are as resistless as the waves of
the ocean. It cannot be done.
Then my advice to the Committee on Indian
Affairs would be—it is too late to do it this
year—to take into serious consideration the
abrogation of these treaties and to treat the
Indians as you would wards everywhere, with
kindness, with care, and with power. Then
you will have some peace in your Indian rela-
tions, but never until then, and I oppose this
proposition offered by my colleague because it
multiplies the machinery.
We are told that the earth is given us for our
support. It is our protection, our mother, the
source from which all our resources of life and
comfort are drawn. That, sir, in its first blush
is a view of Paradise. It is consoling from the
cradle to the grave. It makes us feel our im-
portance. And yet the very policy of the Indian
Committee, the policy of the country, has been
to keep the earth from being cultivated and
tilled. Three hundred thousand square miles
of land in this continent are not to be found so
rich and productive as that region which is
known as the Indian territory, and I assert
from personal observation of a good portion
of it that there is not one acre in twenty thou-
sand tilled ; and such tillage!
I make these suggestions, Mr. President, be-
cause I shall probably have no more to say
about this subject in official life, and I desire
to record here my opinion that there is no
way out of this labyrinth of trouble with these
Indians and increasing appropriations but to
make them iu fact our wards, and see to it
that they neither hunger nor thirst, nor want
covering or clothing; see to it that they have
enough. Their destiny is fixed. The resur-
rection of the savage will be the other side of
Jordan. I would do everything I could to
make them comfortable here ; but this conti-
nent is destined to a higher order of popula-
tion, resistless in its march, beneficial in its
progress, and benign in its results. I do not
expect this to be done now, but the time will
come, and that soon, when the nation will
change its policy, and I suggest to Senators
who remain here that they give it their serious
attention.
Sir, I do not stop to inquire whether the
appropriations have increased or diminished.
I think I know that in principle your policy is
wrong; I know it is unprofitable to the In-
dians and unprofitable to us. I repeat, open
the nation's bosom wide, and let every man
living be a part of our civilization ; let these
weaker brethren go down to the remotest gen-
eration as the nation's wards, and if they tres-
pass we must subdue them. See how they
progress! Three or four years ago we had a
delegation here that would make a man think
he was stopping at Cheyenne. Red Cloud
and all colored clouds were here, with bells
jingling in fantastic order. " What do you
want?" say these learned commissioners.
The chief replies: "I want horses, young
horses, no old horses ; I want saddles ; I want
them trimmed, keeping up with the most ex-
travagant advances of civilized society, nothing
but the best; I want guns, the best ones;"
and I believe in my soul the very guns which
were distributed to the Indians have clothed
hearthstones with mourning. They will shoot
longer than the white man; they will shoot as
long as you pay them more for stopping, until
their demands will get to be as exorbitant as
the most miserly merchant in the world. They
love money ; they love tinsel; they love show ;
and the Government has yielded what their
voracious maws have demanded, and they have
cried "Give," "Give," until the time has come
when we have no more to give.
I hope that this amendment offered by my
colleague will not be adopted, for I can never
consent that the clergymen shall be watched
over by the military. They come clothed in
different garbs, and I do not know but that
the clergy are doing as well as anybody could
do under this system. I think they are rep-
utable, respectable men. Some of them do not
know as much about Indians as about the Gos-
pel, but I do not know but that it is cheaper
for us to educate them for that than it is to
set the Army to watch over them.
Now, Mr. President, I have said all I de-
signed to say on this subject. I think time
and experience will demonstrate the wisdom
of what I have said. It is in these old rickety
treaties where all this mischief lies. A treaty
to pay a tribe for so many years so much
money lasts forever. While the last rem-
nant of them can steal an acre the tribe never
dies. There is a tribe now I believe in the
Indian territory—my friend from Iowa will
correct me if I am wrong—of which there are
less than twenty-eight Indians left.
Mr. HARLAN. I know of none of so small
a number as that, but there are some quite
small.
Mr. NYE. I think they told me there were
twenty-eight left. They are the old Senecas.
Mr. HARLAN. I think there are overone
hundred Senecas.
Mr. NYE. Well, one hundred. There is a
treaty as binding as it was when there were
twenty thousand of them, calling for the same
amount every year. That treaty will last as
long as a Democratic naturalization paper lasts.
[Laughter.] As long as there is an Indian to
be found they will have a tribe. I would look
a little to that kind of treaty and see if it
cannot be put an end to some time or other.
Taking the annuities that these Senecas enjoy,
they could live in the Fifth Avenue Hotel as
well as the nabobs of New York. So with all
these tribes. They are decimated, fading away,
and the quicker they are put into communica-
tion with civilization the better they will be
off, and the nation will save millions every year
by so doing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart.]
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Nevada I
cannot support. The duties devolved by that
amendment upon Army officers are now de-
volved upon the peace commission. The peace
commission is composed of citizens who serve
without pay to the Government, and have given
their time to the examination of the accounts
of the various agencies and Indian superin-
tendencies. They have visited them as their
time would allow and given their earnest con-
sideration and thorough examination. They
have done much good, in my opinion, in giv-
ing their assistance to the Government. It is
not a service that is very much to be courted;
and they having taken up this cause for the
purpose of benefiting the Indians, and visiting
various sections of the country with the view
of ameliorating the condition of the Indians
and seeing that there is justice done them. I
think it would be improper now to place over
them Army officers who shall go and examine
the accounts of these various agencies in place,
as it were, of this commission. This commis-
sion will feel that their services are no longer
required if this service is devolved upon the
Army. This commission offered their services
with the view of replacing, as it were, the ser-
vice of the Army to some extent; their actual
expenses are paid. Such men as Mr. Brunot
and others who have visited these various sec-
tions of the country and given their report to
Congress, I believe have discharged their
functions in a manner satisfactory to the Gov-
ernment and to the people; and I have no
doubt if they are still continued that they will
correct many of the abuses which have here-
tofore existed. I trust that nothing will be
