1873.
THE CON GKESS10NAL GLOBE.
430
M
done to interfere with their duties and make <
them tVv'. that we desire to supersede them in ,
their labors which the; have so well begun and
nobly performed. For this reason, Mr.
t'rv.ndeut, 1 cannot vote tor the amendment
of the Senator from Nevada.
Now, oue word with regard to the policy
pursued toward the Indians. VYe have be
come a great aud powerful nation. There was
a lime when we were weak, there was a time
«hisi we came lo the shores ot' America
and asked lor an asylum for our people. The
Indiana, the native population, were great and
powert'ul. We asked them to concede to us a
(>, ce for the white inhabitants of foreign lands.
iVe asked that our forefather* might hero find
xu asylum where they should live in peace and
happiness and eiyoy the religion that they
proteased, without oppression. The savages
consented that the whites should live in har-
mony with them upon the continent. They
conceded lo us certain rights and privileges
and bodies of land for certain considerations.
When we were weak we made treaties with
these people, and from lime to time, as our
population increased and (lowed West, we have
made such treaties as we, in the wisdom of
the Government, thought best and proper, and
as an equivalent for the lands that they ceded
to the Government—their hunting grounds
and their corn-fields—we proposed in con-
sideration to give to them remuneration in
lae way of the comforts of life, blankets,
powder, and lead to enable them lo prosecute
tbe hunt in the West and that they might
move to other portions of the country and
there enjoy the privilege of hanting where
tney cou.d enjoy it more happily than among
the whites.
For these considerations that we paid to the
Indians they conceded vast bodies of lands to
as. When wrongs have been committed npon
them tney have resented those wrougs. They
have committed depredations upon the whites;
the whites in many instances have committed
depredations upon them ; wars have grown
up. and from time to time we have sent peace
commissions to negotiate with these people.
Uur expenses have increased in the Indian
department as the country and the population
of the country have increased. As the lands
that they have conceded lo us have been set-
tied and as the hunting grounds that they
retained have been encroached upon, so have
tbe expenses of the Government increased.
We have found from time to time that the
whites were encroaching upon the lands ot
tbe Indians. We have pursued the policy
of confining them to smaller portions of
Land; we have given to them special, defined
reservations; we have said to the Indians,
••We will give you certain annuities." By cer-
tain provisions of our treaties we have guar-
antied them blankets, clothing, food, to enable
them to confine themselves to smaller places
of oar domain.
About the time I took my seat in the Sen-
ate we found a war imminent in the western
Territories npon the line of the Pacific rail-
road ; we saw that it was about to interrupt
that line of communication. The President
in his wisdom and Congress, in its wisdom,
cooperating with bun, provided for the ap-
pointment of a commission to visit that sec-
tion of country and make treaties with the
Hioux and other nations which were at war
with this country. In those treaties large pro-
visions were made for the Indians. I do not
deny that to me it seems they were vast. The
president of that commission was our distin-
guished General Sherman. General Augur
was also a member of that commission, I be-
lieve. General Harney was also a member
of that commission, in whom the Indians had
great confidence. Senator Henderson, who
was then the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, was appointed to cooperate
with them and to make these treaties, and to
prevent the exhausting Indian war that was
then pending and indeed partly prosecuted,
and by which war we were obliged to keep up
a very large standing army.
These military men visited this section of
country and became fully convinced that by
making treaties with the Indians and confining
them to smaller reservations there would be
less use for the Army, less expense to the
Government oil account of the Array, and
that by so doing we could reduce our Army,
which has proved the case. We have since
the negotiation of those treaties reduced our
Army very largely, and the result has been, I
have no doubt, a diminution of the expenses
of the Army probably from ten to fifteen mil-
lions, perhaps twenty millious a year that we
should have been obliged to lay out had we
not made the treaties.
The large treaty that is spoken of, amount-
ing in all to over a million dollars, seemed to
me at that time very great, but still it was
submitted to the Senate and it was thought
best to ratify the treaty, thereby saving to the
Government the immense amount that was
then being expended for the purpose of keep-
ing up our standing army.
These are a few of the views which I desired
to present to the Senate to show the reasons for
the continued increaseof expense in the Indian
department, and I apprehend that it will still
increase to some extent until we shall have en-
tirely confined the Indians to reservations and
appropriated a sufficient amount of money to
make proper provisions for them without com-
pelling them to go out on their annual raids in
order to obtain food and game for themselves.
I trust that the amendment offered by the
Senator from Nevada will not be adopted. I
feel that it would interfere with the uuties of
this commission and seriously conflict with it,
and for that reason I hope it will not be
adopted.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to lay the amend-
ment on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois moves that the amendment
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Tbe PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no amendment excepted the question will be
taken upon concurring in the amendments in
gross.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to reserve the
amendment offered by the Senator from Con-
necticut in regard to certain citizens of Wis-
consin.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will
be f*XC6pt6d>
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to have a
separate vote on the amendment relating to
the Shoshones.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will
be excepted. If there be no other reservation
the question will be on concurring in the
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole in gross, except those two which have
been named.
The amendments were concurred in with
the exceptions stated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
excepted amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, inserted after line fifteen
hundred and thirty-nine, on page 63, the fol-
lowing paragraph :
For this amount, to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to remove the Winnebago Indians of Wis-
consin from their present location in that State to
some suitable placc, to be by him selected within
the Indian territory, west of the ninety-sixth de-
gree oi west longitude; and to provido fortheirsub-
sistence until they arehufficiently established there-
in, and are able to provide for themselves, 850,000:
Provid'U, That no Indian shall be removed nnder
the authority hereby given without his consent.
Mr. COLE. I suppose that is open to
amendment before it is finally acted upon.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
I Mr. COLE. I am against it, but I wish to
amend it out of abundance of caution before
it is voted upon. I move to add to the amend-
ment the following additional proviso :
Anil provitlnl further. That any portion of the sum
of $50,1)00 that may be used for such purpose shall
be takou from the funds in the Treasury of tue United
States belonging to the Winnebagoes.
These Indians have in the Treasury funds
amounting to considerably over a million of
dollars; the exact figures are $1,040,03(1 8l>;
and, of course, if there is any necessity for
the use of money in this way it ought, as any
other appropriation of the same character, to
come out of their own funds. I suppose there
will be no objection to that.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. THURMAN. On that I wish the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLE. I will state to the Senator from
Iowa what the amendment I proposed was. It
was that this $50,000, if used, should be paid
out of the million dollars and upward which
these Indians have in the Treasury. That has
been rejected with the view, I suppose, of
rejecting the whole proposition.
Mr. RAMSEY. Oh, no.
Mr. COLE. I do not suppose the Senate
could have any other object thau to keep it
objectionable, so as to induce the Senate to
reject the whole. I cannot conceive any other
motive to exist for rejecting an amendment so
reasonable as the one I proposed, to wit, that
the money should be paid out of the Indiaus'
own funds.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 27. as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Howe,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson,
Ramsey, Scott, Windom, and Wright—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Casserly, Chandler, Cole,
Davis, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Goldthwaitc,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Kelly,
Lewis, Nye, Pratt, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman,
Spencer. Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman,
Tipton. Trumbull, Vickers, and Wilson—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn,Anthony, Bayard,Blair,
Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton, Cooper, Edmunds,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Johnston, Kel-
logg, Logan, Mnchen, Morton, Norwood, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pool, Ransom, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer,
Sprague, Sumner, and West—28.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
reserved amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Insert after line twelve hundred and sixty-five:
For this amount, being the first of five installments
of the sum of #25,000 named in a certain agreement
dated September 26,1872, which agreement is hereby
confirmed, made under the provisions of the act of
June 1,1872, by F. R. Brunot, president of the board
of Indian commissioners, with the Shoshone tribo
of Indians, for the relinquishment by said Indians
of certain lands within the limits of the reservation
ceded to said Indians by the treaty made with them
I July 3, 1868, the same to be expended, under the
; direction of the President, in the purchase of stock -
i cattle, $5,000.
For this amount, being the first of five installments,
to be paid to Wash-a-kie, chief of the Shoshones, as
per said agreement of September 26,1872, $500.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
from Minnesota who has the bill in charge is
Ferfectly clear that this ought to be adopted,
shall not oppose it, though I have some
doubts about it in my own mind, and should
prefer to have time to look it over.
Mr. WINDOM. I am willing that that
should be stricken out for further considera-
tion by the Indian Committee.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. STEWART. I have modified my
amendment so that I think it will be accept-
able to everybody now. I renew it in this shape,
to insert as an additional section the following :
That each Indian agency shall be visited and
