1404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin authorized the Chair to say
that he hoped the request for a conference
would be granted.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ment to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the conferees on the Part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vico President.
house bills kbfjsrrbd
The bill (H. R. No. 3954) to relieve William
Smith, of Fauquier county, Virginia, of his
political disabilities, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
The bill (H. R. No. 3952) to authorize the
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle
the accounts of Charles T. Brown and J. J. S.
Hassler, late agents for the Chippewa Indians
of Minnesota, on the grounds of equity and
justice, was read twicc by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senators
from West Virginia, who discussed this bill
some tiuie since, desire that it be put on its
passage. The Chair will reserve it until they
shall come in, and then submit it for unani-
mous consent.
FISH COM MISSION Hli's REPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of Spencer P. Baird, United
States commissioner of fish and fisheries, for
the year 1872, upon the decrease of food,
fishes on the sea coast of the United States,
and with reference to the measures taken for
stocking the waters of our rivers and lakes
with shad, salmon, and other useful food-
fishes ; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the. House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. MoPiierson. its Clerk, announced
that the Househad passed a jointresolution (H.
R. No. 196) granting medals to Captain .fared
8. Crandall and others; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
insisted on its amendments to the bill (S. No.
086) for the relief of Horace Tyler, agreed to
the conference asked by the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Charles W. Buckley of
Alabama, Mr. Lionel A. Sheldon of Alabama,
and Mr. John T. Harris of Virginia, managers
at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 96) for
the relief of Cowan & Dickinson, of Knox-
ville, Tennessee.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
_ Mr. SHERMAN presented five petitions of
citizens of Ohio, soldiers in the late war, pray-
ing the passage of the soldiers' bounty land
bill; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying for a prohibition of the manu-
facture, importation, and sale of all intoxicat-
ing liquors to be used as a beverage within the
United States Territories and the District of
Columbia; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, praying for the reduction
of the charges on postal money orders ; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
He also presented the memorial of George
S. Rnstiue, publisher of the Galian Sun, of
Crawford, Ohio, remonstrating against the
passage of the bill before Congress regulating
the postage on printed matter; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. LOGAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Illinois, and a petition of citizens
of Kansas, soldiers in the late war, praying
the passage of the bounty land bill; which
were referred to the Committe on Public
Lands.
He also presented twenty-eight memorials
of citizens of Illinois, publishers of local
newspapers, remonstrating against the passage
of the second section of the proposed amend-
ment to the postal laws; which were referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the memorial
of John W. Fitzgerald & Co., publishers of
the Chesaning Times, of Saginaw, Michigan,
remonstrating against the passage of the bill
before Congress regulating the postage on
printed matter; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the memorial of
John Barzyuski, publisher of the Union Clar-
ion, of Franklin county, Missouri, remonstrat-
ing against the passage of the bill before Con-
gress regulating the postage on printed matter;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. BLAIR presented the memorial of Da-
vid J Heaston, publisher of the Watchman,
of Harrison county, Missouri, praying that the
words " and wholly printed and " be omitted
from the pending amendment to the postal
laws ; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. THURMAN presented the memorial
of F. A. Davis, publisher of the Democrat,
of Morgan county, Ohio, and the memorial
of George W. Evans, publisher of the Licking
Monitor, of Licking county, Ohio, praying
that the words "and wholly printed and" be
omitted from the pending amendment to the
postal laws; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Delaware, Ohio, praying for the prohibition
by appropriate legislation of ' the traffic in
intoxicating liquors as a beverage within the
jurisdiction of the national Government;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
J. H. Vail and others, representatives of the
Vail estate, residents of Livingston county,
New York, praying to be indemnified for
spoliations committed by the French prior to
the year 1801; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
He also presented a petition of members of
the bar of Rensselaer county, New York,
praying for an increase of the salaries of the
judges of the United States circuit and dis-
trict courts ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of members of
the bar of Greene county, New York, pray-
ing for an increase of the salary of judges of
the United States circuit and district courts ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of eight hun-
dred citizens of Seneca Falls, New York,
praying for the passage of the soldiers' bounty
land act as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented a
petition of citizens of Maine, praying an ex-
tension of the money-order system ; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented a peti-
tion of citizens of New J ersey, praying for a pro-
hibition of the manufacture, importation, and
sale of all intoxicating liquors to be used as a
beverage within the United States Territories
and the District of Columbia; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a memorial of
the city council of Newport, Rhode Island,
praying for the passage of an act making goods
imported from foreign countries, and remain-
ing in the original cases, subject to taxation
for State and municipal purposes at the same
rate as other merchandise held' by citizens of
that State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of
A. J. Felt, publisher of the Weekly Nashua
Post, of Nashua, Chickasaw county, Iowa,
remonstrating against the passage of the bill
before Congress regulating the postage on
printed matter; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of offi-
cers of national banks of St. Paul, Minnesota,
praying for a modification of the taxes on
national banking institutions or their entire
abrogation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. CAMERON. I present a resolution of
the Legislature of Pennsylvania in regard to
the Ohio river, which I ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" Whereas the Governors of each of the seven
States bordering upon the great central highway,
the Ohio river, have organized what is known as tne
commission for the improvement of the Ohio river
and its tributaries, through the agoncy of the
national Government, which commission has had
several sessions in the West, and is again about to
assemble at Washington city; and whereas this great
national highway appears to be the channel pro-
vided by Providence for the transportation of the
heavier productions of the mines, manufactories,
agriculture, and commerce of Pennsylvania, in her
intercourse with her sister States: Therefore,
ftewfved, That our Senators and Representatives
in the national Congress be requested to aid by every
means in the power of the General Government the
permanent improvement of the navigation of the
Ohio river, and that the Governor be requested to
transmit this resolution to our Senators and Bepre-
sentatives in Congress.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of
citizens of Loysvilie, Perry county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying that a bill be passed for the
relief of Isaac P. Miller, postmaster at that
place, who was robbed ; which was referred lo
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the memorials of John
Young & Co., J. B. Over, and G. L.J. Painter,
publishers of newspapers in the State of Penn-
sylvania, praying that the postal laws be so
amended as to permit the free transmission of
papers in part printed beyond the counties
wherein they are published; which were re
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of Letitia
Waters, daughter and heir of the late Samuel
Israel, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying
to be indemnified for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the year 1801 ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying for a prohibition of
the manufacture, importation, and sale of all
intoxicating liquors to be used as a beverage
within the United States Territories and the
District of Columbia; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. POOL presented papers and evidence
of Minerva Tilley, praying compensation for
services rendered by her late husband, Durell
Tilley, as magistrate in administering amnesty
oaths in the county of Orange, North Carolina,
in 1865; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1580) to authorize the continued em-
ployment of an agent and counsel of the United
States, reported it without amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 3946) to authorize the Secretary of the
Navy to convey to the city of Chelsea, Massa-
chusetts, certain land for the use of a street,
