440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
m
examined as often us once in six months by a person
appointed by the President of the United Mates,
but no person shall be appointed for the examina-
tion for the same .icency more than once a year. It
shall bo the duty of the perron so appointed to visit
and examine into the management and condition of
the agency and the Indian reservations eonneeted
therewith, for which he shall hare heen appointed,
and to investigate and report to the President how
the business of such reservation is conducted, how
the money appropriated by the United States has
been and is to De expended, how the Indians are
treated, and what progress they are making in civil-
isation: and for that purpose such person shall
have power to call tor and examine all books, vouch-
ers and papers eonneeted with the agency; and he
shall also have power to administer oaths and to
examine on oath superintendents, agents, and all
persons connected with the agency, and such other
persons as ho shall deem necessary and proper. The
compensation of persons appointed under this sec-
tion shall be the same as allowed to special agents
of the Treasury Department.
The present Indian commission is composed
of very nice men, very well disposed men, men
whom I have every reason to have the highest
confidence in, so far as 1 know, but they are
old men, they are not very active men; they
have not seen all the reservations, and they
cannot see all the reservations: they cannot
give you this information, they cannot make
this examination. Here are five or seven mil-
lions a year expended. It seems to me that
it is somewhat important that we should watch
where that goes, and I should like to know in
the machiuery of the Indian department who
watches it. In your customs revenue you ap-
point special agents to overhaul your officers.
The highest officers who live in a civilized
community, where to some extentthe commun-
ity know something of their disbursements,
where their conduct is regulated by law, are
subjected to visitation by special agents.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. How many
agents are there to be ?
Mr. STEWART. Enough to do the duty. 1
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is no pro-
vision for anybody to examine their accounts.
Mr. STEWART. Their accounts may need
examination, and if I were to make an appoint- 1
ment for that purpose I would select the ever
vigilant Senator from New Jersey. But I
undertake to say that this is too serious a sub-
ject to trifle with. Here is an appropriation
of millions per annum. I undertake to say
there is no check practically upon your agents.
The charges are that their accounts are fraud-
ulent, those who have lived in the country be-
iieve they are half fraudulent. I believe that
more than half of all the accounts that have
been sent in for the last ten years in the
Indian country have been fraudulent, more
than half the whole amount has been manu
l'actured and fraudulent. I get this from my
general knowledge of the subject and from
reports that constantly come to me. I do not
propose to change your policy. Let it go on,
but let us know how it is done. If it is neces-
sary to have special agents to examine your
officers located in Philadelphia, New York,
and Boston, and" report upon them ; if it is
necessary to have inspectors of banks where
you have some law by which they are con-
trolled, it seems to me that it is equally neces-
sary to have some inspection of the way money
is expended that has been appropriated to be
used on the frontiers where there are no white
men.
It seems to me there should be as much
vigilance over that as there is over money
appropriated in pursuance of law. Here
it is in pursuance of the discretion of the
agents to a great extent. It seems to me
if we cannot have the Army officers, which I '
think would be the best, we should appoint
somebody else. If it is improper that this
function should be enjoined upon the Army, I
if it is going to complicate their business to
mix up military duties with civil duties that
are inconsistent, give us somebody to make !
this examination, and do not let us come into
the 8enate next year and when we inquire
about Indian subjects have before us only the
report of the agent who has got the money in
his pocket. That is the only information on
which the Department aet, it is the only inform-
ation upon which we act. We have not the
facts to contradict it. It is very easy to ask
what willyou do under the circumstances. We
cannot do anything, because we do not know
the facts. The air is full of rumors; and
where there is so much smoke there is com-
monly some fire. I say in the country where
this money is expended the air is and has been
full of scandal and rumors. Your peace com-
mission are doing well, but they cannot exam-
ine these reservations in detail once in six
months, or once in a year. There are not
enough of them ; they cannot devote sufficient
time to it. It is an impossibility. The churches
are doing the best they can, but a great many
men join the churches and become very reli-
gious when it is profitable.
It seems to me if there ever was a subject
that should be dragged to the light as much
as possible, it is the management of Indian
affairs. No honest man need fear it, no
philanthropist need dread to have the facts
known. It will not interfere with your policy
if the facts come out and show that you are
doing well. That will encourage us in going
on in that direction. Let us stop fraud and
let us remove the scandal if possible ; and if
inspecting agents can do anything for any pur-
pose let us try it for once and see if we cannot
make some progress.
In my State each agent tells me that the
former agent was a rascal. I believe that
hardly a case has occurred there where there
has been a change—I have had no control of
it for several years—but each one came and
reported that his predecessor was a rascal, and
I believe the report. One called me ont here
a little while ago and said the man who pre-
ceded him was a bad man.
A Senator. Is he a rascal ?
Mr. STEWART. No; I do not think he is.
I think he has started intending to be honest.
I think he is a good man. He is an enthusi-
ast, bnt a good man and trying to do his duty ;
but he has not been sufficiently tried yet. Per-
haps his successor will make the same report
in regard to him. That has been usual. I
want to know how they are doing while they
are there, while they are spending the money,
while the thing is going on I want to know
whether they are rascals or not then. I do not
care about knowing after they have gone and
the Government cannot get anything out of
them ; when the accounts cannot be examined.
I want to know it in the current year. I want
to know it before the money is all gone.
Suppose this should cost $100,000, it is
nothing when you talk about Indian affairs.
You put in an amendment here to do some-
thing in the way of caring for an Indian tribe,
and then fifty or one hundred thousand dol-
lars is nothing. I think $100,000 worth of
investigation into the way this thing is done
would be worth more than anything else, by
letting the Indian agents know that there is
somebody watching them; because, although
mankind may be honest, men are always more
honest when they are well watched.
Mr. CORBETT. I think the amendment
ought to be amended so as to include euper-
intendencies as well as agencies. The super-
intendent's offices ought to be examined as
much as the agents.
Mr. STEWART. Very well, I accept the
modification.
Mr. HARLAN. How many inspectors does
this provide for ?
Mr. STEWART. It does not limit the
number. It leaves that to the President.
Mr. THURMAN, How many agencies are
there ?
Mr. HARLAN. About seventy. I think
it would be well to limit the number.
Mr. STEWART. Very well. I will let any
gentleman suggest the number. The chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs would
know better the number that would be required.
Mr. SPRAGUE. There are seventy-two
agents.
Mr. STEWART. I suppose you would want
twenty to do this work.
Mr. HARLAN. I am afraid it would break
down at that. I would suggest a number not
exceeding five."
Mr. STEWART. Five men cannot do it.
Mr. HARLAN. They can be sent to such
places where their services may be really
needed.
Mr. STEWART. I will accept ten. I do
not think ten can do the work, but I will try
it with that.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want to ask
the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs whether any such duty as this is
already provided for by law ?
Mr. HARLAN. I think it is not. I think
there is no system of inspection of this service
in existence.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It has been
said that this was already provided for through
the peace commission.
Mr. HARLAN. The peace commissioners
have authority to aid in the purchase of all
supplies for the Indian service, have the right
to be present when the goods are delivered,
have the right to examine the books and
accounts of all the agents and superintendents.
It is all voluntary on their part; the Depart-
ment has no authority over them. There is
no officer that the Department of the Interior
now has authority to send to any agency to
perform the duty of inspector, such service
as is performed nnder the direction of the
Comptroller of the Currency in relation to
banks, or of the.Commissioner of Internal
Revenue in relation to the revenue service.
I There is no such officer and no person ihat
the Secretary of the Interior could so send. If
these peace commissioners choose to go, they
have the right to go. That is all; but the
places where the inspection is probably most
needed are the most difficult of access, and
| probably would be visited less frequently by
ftersons who are not under any restraint of
aw to go.
I think the suggestion of the honorable Sen-
ator from Nevada is a very good one, but I
would sot want to load down the Department
| with too tnwiy such officers. There are many
I of the agencies that are easy of access near
the settlements, where, if there were any irreg-
ularity, it would beatonce known to the inhab-
itants. That would be true, I think, of most
of the reservations in Michigan, Minnesota,
and Nebraska, and probably others that I will
not detail; but there are those which are at
remote points where I think this system of in-
spection would be very valuable. I would
prefer to say five. I think five might visit all.
Mr. STEWART. The President will not
appoint any more than are necessary.
Mr. STEVENSON, (at four o'clock and
twenty-nine minutes p. m.) I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask the Senator to yield
to me for a moment. 1 am confident there are
no other amendments of any importance to the
bill, and if the Senate will remain ten or fifteen
minutes We shall conclude it. If we adjourn
without finishing it, we shall probably spend
the entire day to-morrow on it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I would yield with
pleasure to the Senator from Minnesota, but I
want to examine this amendment myself. I
think there is a great deal in the amendment
of the Senator from Nevada; I am in favor of
it; but I think to make it effective it ought to
be thoroughly guarded. I think ten are too
many. I should like to see the amendment in
print before I vote for it. I therefore move
that the amendment be priuted, and that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I should like to
make a single statement,
i Mr. STEVENSON. I will withdraw the
