1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41L
motion for the accommodation of the Senator
from Connecticut.
shipping commissioners act.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. A bill has been
brought in from the House of Representa-
tives to amend the shipping commissioners
law. It is only four or five lines. I think
there will be no objection to it. I ask the
Senate to take that up and act npon it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill indi-
cated. It will be read for information.
The bill (H. R. No. 3365) to amend section
twelve of an act entitled "An act to authorize
the appointment of shipping commissioners,"
&c , approved June 7, 1872, was read.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The shipping com-
missioners act provides that when vessels
ship hands for foreign ports that service shall
be performed before a commissioner, and
that payment of certain fees shall be made, so
that when vessels are engaged in the coasting
trade and in the foreign trade at the same
time it becomes a heavy burden to them.
For instance, if a coasting vessel passes from
Boston to Portland, and from Portland to
Eastport, and then purposes to go from there
to Halifax, the law requires that the master
shall ship his hands at Eastport and pay them
there, and then, on the return voyage, if the
vessel should touch at Eastport, they must be
discharged and another fee paid. This might
occur half a dozen times in a year.
Mr. HAMLIN. Three times in a week.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Three times a week
the Senator from Maine says. The bill which
passed last session makes an exception of those
vessels that ply on the lakes that are constantly
passing from an American to a British port.
This proposes to make a similar exception of
vessels that pass from American ports to the
British possessions in North America, and also
to the West Indies and Mexico.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not understand the
bill at all. I do not think while a motion to
adjourn is pending a bill of that kind should
be passed. The bill on its face purports, as I
have heard it read, to relieve certain portions
of the community from the burdens contained
in a certain act, without setting out what those
burdens are. There are certainly very few
Senators who know the meaning of that bill.
1 think it ought not to be passed in this way.
It may be perfectly proper, but I insist upon
the motion of the Senator of Kentucky to
adjourn being put to the Senate.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I withdraw my re-
quest for the consideration of the bill.
railroads in iowa.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask leave to present a
petition. On the 5th of December I intro-
duced a bill (S. No. 1200) to extend the time
for constructing a railroad from McGregor to
the west line of O' Brien connty, Iowa. I pre-
sented that bill by request of a person inter-
ested in the road, stating at the time that I
should not favor the bill unless satisfied that
the people interested were in favor of it. I
have now a remonstrance from the people of
that country on the subject that I present, and
ask to have referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, saying now that I trust they
will report the bill back adversely.
The memorial was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Stewart] be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. WTNDOM. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Caldwell, Caa-
serly, Davis, Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Pratt, Saulebury,
Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, Trumbull,
Viekers, and Wright—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Chandler,
Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Fen ton, Ferry of Michigan,
Frelinghuysen. Harlan, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Nye, Patterson, Ramsey, Soott, Spencer.
Sprague. and Windom—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low, Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton. Cooper, Cragin.
Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut. Gilbert. Hamilton
of Texas, Hill, Howe, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly,
Machen, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norwood,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Ransom, Rice. Robertson,
Sawyer, Sohurx, Sherman. Sumner, Tipton, West,
and Wilson—35.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to lay the pending
amendment on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota moves to lay the pend-
ing amendment on the table.
Mr. STEWART. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—veaa 17, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Caldwell,
Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Fenton, Ferry of Michi-
gan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hitchoock, Morrill of Maine, Nye, Ramsey,
Windom, and Wright—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Am es, Buckingham, Casserly, Cor-
bett, Davis, Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Harlan, Lewis,
Logan, Patterson, Pratt, Saalsbury, Scott, Sprague,
Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, and Viek-
ers—20.
ABSENT.—Messs. Aloorn, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low, Cameron, Carpenter, Clayton. Cooper, Cragin,
Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Texas. Hill, Howe, Johnston, Kellogtr. Kelly,
Machen. Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norwood,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Ransom, Rice, Robertson,
Sawyer, Sctaurz. Sherman. Spencer, Sumner, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, West, and Wilson—37.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote
reveals no quorum present. What is the
pleasure of the Senate?
Mr. THURMAN. I want to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to one thing. I do not know
that ever in any previous year an Indian ap-
propriation bill passed the Senate before the
report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
had been laid before the Senate and printed.
We have not that report. None of us have
seen it. Some sheets of it are in the hands of
one or perhaps two Senators; the rest of us
have not seen it at all. We are absolutely
legislating in the dark. This is the matter
that was referred to a while ago in debate, where
a million and a third of dollars are appro-
priated to feed, it was said, twenty thousand
11 Indians, according to the treaty of 1868. That
1; assumes that there are twenty thousand Indians
: permanently settled on that reservation, for
none by that treaty are entitled to be paid but
those; none come within that provision but
those. Now, we have no report whatever to
show that there are twenty thousand Indians
there, and I do not suppose there is a Senator
who has looked into it who believes there is
any such number.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
suggest that this is altogether irregular, there
being no quorum present.
Mr. THURMAN. I was going to make a
motion. As we are voting in the dark, I hope
we way have as much time as we can to get
what light we can, and I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and forty-seven minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjournal.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 9, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'elock m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. F. W. Conrad, of Philadelphia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
messagk from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, aunouueed that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 1322) to
amend an act to amend an act entitled "An
act to incorporate a national military and
naval asylum for the relief of the totally dis-
abled officers and men of the volunteer forces
of the United States," approved March 21,
1866, and for other purposes ; in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
The message further annougced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 2046)
for the relief of Theodore Adams.
amkndmbnt op shipping act.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report from the Commit-
tee on Commerce a bill amendatory of the act
entitled the shipping act.
Mr. RANDALL. I give notice that after
that is disposed of I shall demand the regular
order of business.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask for the reading of the
bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
And provided further. That the provision of this
section applicable to the masters of coastwise ves-
sels shall also apply to masters of the same class of
vessels when such vessels are engaged in the coast-
wise trade of the United States, and in the trade
between the porta of the British North American
provinces, the West India islands, and the repub-
lic of Mexico.
Mr. LYNCH. With the consent of the
House I will make a brief statement. It was
intended when this section was framed by the
Committee on Commerce to embrace in the
exceptions from its operation all those trades
which are analogous to the coastwise trade of
the United States, so as not to interrupt the
commerce between ports of contiguous or
neighboring provinces and countries and the
United States, particularly the trade by steam-
ers which are coming in from such foreign
ports, touching at one American port, and going
to another American port; that is, vessels
alternating between the foreign and coastwise
trade. The law as it stands at present compels
vessels of the class named to discbarge and
reship their crews at every clearance from an
American to a foreign port, and it is working
such hardships that this class of vessels find it
impossible to continue their business and com-
ply with the law.
The Committee on Commerce have unani- *
mously instructed me to report this amend-
ment to the law.
Mr. DAWES. Is this an amendment to an
existing law or to a pending bill?
Mr. LYNCH. An existing law.
Mr. DAWES. Then, it seems to me the
phraseology is wrong.
Mr. LYNCH. If the gentleman will allow
me I will read the section of the law which we
propose to amend.
Mr. DAWES. I do not object to the provis-
ion, but it seems to me that the phraseology is
wrong.
Mr. WOOD. This law lias been formerly
inoperative in many other regards, and I hope
an opportunity will be given to offer addi-
tional amendments to the law.
Mr. DAWES. I supposed it was an amend-
ment to a pending bill, but it sets out with a
proviso with nothing to hang it on.
The SPEAKER. The criticism of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts goes to the form
of the bill only.
Mr. LYNCH. In my haste I omitted the
title to the bill, which I will supply.
The bill (H. R. No. 8365) amendatory of
the twelfth section of the act to authorize
the appointment of shipping commissioners by
the several circuit courts of the United States,
to superintend the shipping and discharge of
seamen engaged in merchant ships belonging
to the United States, and for the further pro-
tection of seamen, approved June 7, 1872;
was read a first and second time.
Mr. WOOD. I shall certainly object to the
