442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
introduction of this bill unless I have an op-
portunity to offer other amendments. The
law which it is proposed to amend is oppres-
sive, unconstitutional, and obnoxious to the
merchants of New York. The whole law
should be repealed. In my judgment the pass-
age of the act last session was a surprise and
a wrong inflicted upon the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it too
late for the gentleman to object, but an amend-
ment would be in order.
Mr. WOOD. Well, I object.
Mr. LYNCH. I make the point of order
that it is too late for the gentleman to object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the
impression that the gentleman is late in his
objection, as the bill has been debated some-
what.
Mr. WOOD. Well, if the Chair says I am
too late, I must submit, of course.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
gentleman is too late.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman can offer an
amendment to this amendatory bill.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon ordering the bill to be engrossed and
read a third time, and the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lynch] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LYNCH. I think if gentlemen will
listen to me for a moment I can explain the
practical operation of the law as it now stands,
so that there will be no objection to making
the proposed amendment. The amendment
will make the bill what the Committee on
Commerce intended it should be when first
enacted. The proviso of section twelve of
the present law reads :
"Provided further, That this section shall not
apply to masters of vessels where the seamen are by
custom or agreement entitled to participate in the
profits or result of a cruise or voyage"—
that applies to whaling and fishing voyages—
"nor to masters of coastwise nor to masters of
lake-going vessels that touch at foreign ports."
It will be observed that there are three
classes of vessels exempted from the pro-
visions of this section : vessels engaged in
whale and other fisheries, those in the coast-
wise trade, and lake vessels which touch at
foreign ports. It is also provided :
" But seamen may, by agreement, serve on board
such vessels a definite time, or on the return of any
vessel to a port in the United States may reship
■and sail in the same vessel on another voyage with-
out the payment of additional fees to the shipping
commissioner by either the seamen or the master."
To illustrate the operation of the law as it
now stands let me instance one of the cases
which have been presented to the committee,
and which has influenced them in proposing
this amendment. A vessel engaged in the trade
between Boston, St. John, aud Halifax touches
at th.■ ports of Portland and Easfport, United
States ports. On leaving Eastport for St.
John and Halifax the vessel, is obliged to sur-
render the license it has taken out for the
coastwise trade aild to take out a foreign regis-
ter, although the distance from that point to
St. John is but sixty miles. She goes to St.
John, and in twenty-four hours is again back
at Eastport, having completed the foreign voy-
age, and resumes a coastwise license. Under
the provisions of the law as it now stands she
must discharge all her crew, which in steam-
ers is some forty in number, more or less,
reship them again, then take out a coast-
wise license again and proceed to Portland,
from Portland to Boston, from Boston to
Portland again, from Portland to Eastport,
and then go through the same operation again,
so that every voyage made back and forth,
say three times each week, the crew must be
discharged and reshipped, detaining the ves-
sel three or four hours, when, perhaps, but
fifteen minutes or half an hour at most would
be all the time she would otherwise require to
remain in port. Such certainly was not the in-
tention of Congress in passing the law. There
was no intention of interrupting commerce
while protecting the seamen. 1 think that
with this explanation there can be no objec-
tion to the passage of this amendatory bill.
Mr. WOOD. I have no doubt the amend-
atory bill which has been introduced by the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Lynch] is of
itself a proper amendment to the present law.
But I want to avail myself of this opportunity
to say that my predictions in reference to the
operation of the law when it was before the
House have been fully verified in the city of
New York. The law is ostensibly for the pro-
tection of seaman, to provide them proper
protection against swindlers and seamen run-
ners. It has been used in the city of New
York for the purpose of enriching one or two
men. The commissioner appointed under this
law for the porfc of New York has connected
with his establishment a large clothing-house, a
large savings institution, and boarding-houses.
He takes physical possession of the sailor and
his earnings, and is himself the instrument by
which all these wrougs and impositions are
practiced upon poor Jack.
The whole law is wrong; it operates in the
wrong direction; it is oppressive not only to the
seamen and ship-owners, but also to the mer-
chants of New York, whom I in part represent
upon this floor. Atthetimethebill was under
consideration in the last session I presented
remonstrances from the ship-owners and mer-
chants of New York against its passage ; but
notwithstanding those remonstrances the bill
was passed.
Mr. LYNCH. I wish to remind the gentle-
man that this provision is one asked for by the
merchants and ship-owners of New York.
Mr. WOOD. I do not oppose this provision.
Mr. LYNCH. Vessels engaged in the trade
between New York and Mexico, touching at
the ports of Havana and New Orleans, are
subjected to precisely the same restrictions as
the vessels trading between Boston and St.
John. A New York gentleman, largely en-
gaged in trade from New York, was before the
committee this morning and urged the passage
of this bill.
Mr. WOOD. I do not oppose its passage.
Mr. LYNCH. Then I ask for a vote.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to say that what
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
has stated in reference to the operation of this
law in the port of New York accords exactly
with our experience in Philadelphia. Instead
of being a benefit to the sailor it is an injury
not only to him but to commerce. I hope the
gentleman from New York will at an early
day take occasion to obtain the repeal of that
entire act. I favor this provision because it
will mitigate somewhat some of the evils attend-
ing the law as it now stands.
Mr. WOOD. I do not object to this amend-
ment ; and if the Chair rules that I cannot offer
additional amendments 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lynch] does not yield for that
purpose.
Mr. POTTER. I do not wish to say any-
thing in reference to this amendment, but I do
wish to take issue with my colleague [Mr.
Wood] in regard of the working of the ship-
ping commissioners' act in the city of New
York. My information is exactly the reverse
of his. The general expression of opinion, so
far as I have heard, from those engaged in the
shipping business is favorable to this law. I
believe it has thus far proved itself to be a wise
and beneficent measure for the protection of
those whom it was designed to protect, while
it does not embarrass the better class of ship-
owners. So far as regards the amendment to
extend the operations of tbis act, I trust it may
be adopted.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Potter] has said what I wished
to say in reply to his colleague [Mr. Wood]
in regard to the operation of. the shipping-
commissioners act. After what has been
said with reference to the workings of that
act, I am unwilling the occasion should pass ,
without my saying that, from information I
have received from the public press and a
thousand other sources, that act is working
very favorably to the interests of the sailors
and is very satisfactory in the main to the
shipping men themselves.
Mr. WOOD. That is not the fact.
Mr. CONGER. I understand that the act
is growing in favor day by day with all men
interested in shipping in this country.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I have some ex-
perience and knowledge of the practical work-
ing of that act, and I wish to say 
Mr. CONGER. I affirm here that gentle-
men cannot bring 
Mr. LYNCH. I hope that the merits of the
original act will not be gone into upon this
amendatory bill.
The SPEAKER. The question is on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed and read the third
time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LYNCH moved  o reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also oioved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
credit mobilikr investigation
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
liesolved. That the select committee of five
appointed under the resolution of this House of Jan-
uary 6, 1873, to inquire into certain matters con-
nected with the association known as the Credit
Mobilier, be instructed further to inquire whether
any persons or corporations have received moneys,
bonds, or other property from the Union Pacific
railroad or its officers, or otherwise, which ought
I in law or equity to be accounted for to said com-
[ pany, or applied to the reimbursement of the United
States for any claim against said company, and
what action should be had in the premises.
public building, evansville, indiana.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask unanimous consent
that Senate amendments to the bill (H. R.
No. 2987) to authorize the erection of a pub-
lic building at Evansville, Indiana, be taken
from the Speaker's table and concurred in.
There being no objection, the following
alnendments of the Senate were read and
concurred in:
After the word "suitable" insert the word
'brick;" so as to read "suitable brick building."
After the word "thereof" insert ''of;" so as to
read "at a cost, including the cost of the site there-
of, of not exceeding," &e.
At the end of line eight insert " and such site
shall be of such extent as to leave the building in-
dependent and unexposed to fire from any and all
adjoining buildings."
Mr. NIBLACK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments were con-
curred in ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Tho SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins at twenty-five minutes after twelve
o'clock: and reports are in order from the
Committee on the Territories. The gentle-
man from Nebraska [Mr. Taffe] is entitled
to the floor.
reports or territorial coukts.
Mr. TAFFE. Before I offer any bill I wish
to ask unanimous consent to bring back the
bill, recommitted yesterday, for the publica-
tion of the reports of the supreme courts of
the Territories.
Mr. HOLM AN. I object.
Mr. TAFFE. I would like the indulgence
of the House while I make a brief statement.
Gentlemen who have recommended judges
from Indiana, Ohio, and Massachusetts say
that these reports are not worth publishing.
Well, they know the character and ability
of the men they recommended.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe this subject is
not before the House. Certainly there is no
