108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
Ho. of Reps.
Union Pacific Railroad—Report.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
subject to; which liabilities are no moro than for
the payment to the company of the sums due or to
become due on the shares held by them ; and when
new subscriptions are made, the shares may bo
issued at par or sold for the benefit of tiio holders
of the shares heretofore issued.
Sec. 4. That the by-laws shall prescribe the man-
ner m which the officers arid agents of the company
shall be chosen, and designate their powers and
dutres, and their terms of service and compensation:
and the principal office of tho company shall be in
Philadelphia, but tho directors, under such rules
and regulations as they may prescribe, may estab-
lish branches and agencies in Europe and elsewhere,
and may deal in exchange, foreign and domestic;
but the said company shall not exerctsc the priv-
ilege of banking, nor issue their own notes or bills to
bo used as bank notes or as currency.
Sec. 5. That throe fifths of the directors of the said
company sha.l be citizens of the United States, and
the majority of the whole shall reside in this State.
Sec. 6. That the said company shall pay to tho
State treasurer, for the use of the State, a bonus of
one half of one per ccnt. on the sum requisite to be
paid m previous to the organization, payable in
lour equal annual installments, the first payment to
be made in one year after the payment un the cap-
ital stock shall be mad«, and also a like bonus on all
subsequent payments on account of the capital stock
°t the said company, or any increase thereoi, pay-
u i in manner; and, in addition to such bonus,
shall pay such tax upon dividends exceeding six
per cent, per annum as is or may be imposed by law.
W.C. A. LAWRENCE,
Speaker of the Mou>se of Ucjjrcatntativcfi.
JXO. CBESWELL, Jr..
Speaker of the Senate.
Approved the 1st day of November, A. D. 1859.
WM. PACKER.
On the 3d day of March, 18G4, Thomas C.
Durant, vice president of the Union Pacific
.Railroad Company, purchased this charter for
the purpose of using the corporation for the
construction of the (Jnion Pacific railroad.
On the 26th day of Match, 1804, by an
act of the Legislature of the State of Pennsyl-
vania the name was changed to "The Credit
Mobilier of America."
By the terms of purchase of the charter, an
agency was to be established in the city of
New York, and when the subscription was
made it was upon the condition that the full
powers of tho board of directors should be
delegated to the New York agency, and that
a railway bureau should be established'at said
agency, of five managers, three to be directors
of the company, (afterward changed to seven
managers,) who should have the management
of railway contracts, subject to the approval
of the president. By these means this Penn-
sylvania corporation, so far as the manage-
ment of its affairs was concerned, substantially
expatriated itself, and clothed with the extra-
ordinary powers acquired from the State of
Pennsylvania, it proceeded to take upon itself
the control of the Union Pacific .Railroad
Company in the manner following:
It purchased the outstanding stock of that
corporation, amounting to about $2,180,000,
on which about $218,000 had been paid to the
railroad company, the Credit Mobilier paying
for this stock the amount already paid. At
the time of this purchase the shares of Union
Pacific stock were $1,000 each. After the
act of 1864 was passed these shares were can-
celed and a reissue was made in shares of
$100 each. The reissue was made to the
stockholders of the Credit Mobilier, and by
this process the stockholders of the two cor-
porations were made identical. By this means
the persons who under the guise of a corpor-
ation that was to take the contract to build
the road held complete control of the corpor-
ation for which the road was to be built.
These things accomplished, tliey took charge
of construction under the Hoxie contract, and
the portion of the road lying between Omaha
and the one hundredth meridian was con-
structed under it.
This contract cost the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany  §12,971,416 21
It cost tho Credit Mobilier  7,80iW83 33
Profit  &>,lii8.233_91
This profit is a profit in stock aud bonds
estimated at par. Their actual value will
appear hereafter.
The next event in this history is as foHows,
and it is stated here to show the animus of
tho,se who were managing this great trust:
The Hoxie contract had been completed,
finishing the road to the one hundredth merid-
ian, a distance of two hundred and forty-sixand
forty-five hundredths miles. An agreement
was then made (November 10,1866,) by Thomas
C. Durant, vice president of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, with a Mr. Boomer for
the construction of one hundred and fifty-three
and thirty-five hundredths miles west from the
one hundredth meridian. By the terms of this
agreement Boomer was to be paid $10,500
per mile for that portion between the one
hundredth meridian and the east bank of the
North Platte, and for that portion lying west
of the North Platte within the limits of the
agreement $20,000 per mile, the bridge over
the North Platte and station-buildings, equip-
ment, &c.,to be an additional charge.
This contract was never ratified by the com-
pany, but under it the work progressed, and
fifty-eight miles of road had been completed
and accepted by the Government. The books
of the company fail to show what this fifty-
eight miles had cost the company, but from
the best evidence that could be procured your
committee believe that the cost had not been
to exceed $27,500 per mile for construction
and equipment, the excess over the contract
price being for station-houses, equipment, &c.
Inasmuch as the charter required that, the sta-
tion houses, equipment,&c., should be built and
furnished before acceptance by the Govern-
ment, and inasmuch as the records of tho
Department show that the fifty-eight miles had
been accepted, your committee feel warranted
in finding that this had been done and that the
cost ot the whole was not to exceed $27,500
per mile. But notwithstanding this, on the
5th day of January, 1867, the board of direct-
ors by a resolution extended the Hoxie con-
tract over this fifty eight miles of then com-
pleted road, thereby proposing to pay to the
Credit Mobilier the sum of $22,500 per mile for
this fifty-eight miles, amounting to the sum of
$1,845,000, without any consideration what-
ever.
The following is the resolution of date Jan-
uary 5, 1867:
"Jteeolved, That tho Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany will, and do hereby, consider the Hoxie con-
tract extended to the point already completed,
namely, three hundred and five miles west from
Omaha, and that the officers- of this company a.re
hereby authorized tosettlowitb tho Credit Mobilier
at 850,000 per mile for the additional fifty-eight
miles."
That it was proposed to give the Credit
Mobilier this profit, if that is the proper word
to be used in such a connection, is verified by
the fact that subsequently the sum of $1,104,-
000 was paid to the Credit Mobilier on account
of this fifty-eight miles, for the construction
of which it never had even the semblance of a
contract. Of this $1,104,000 further mention
will be made hereafter.
Against this proposition Dr. Durant filed the
following protest:
To the Board of Directors of the
Union Pacific liailroad Company :
Gentlemen": I protest against the passage of the
resolution appearing on your minutes as passed
January 5,18t>7, purporting to treat aud consider the
Hoxie contraot as extended to the point already
completed, namely, three hundred and five miles
west of Omaha, and authorizing the officers of the
company to settle with the Credit Mobilier at $50,000
per mile for the additional fifty-eight miles. Said
resolution was moved and adopted whilo I was ab-
sent irom. the meeting of the board on necessary
business of the company. I mako this protest on
the ground that said fifty-eight miles has been con-
structed at much less cost than S50,000 per mile and
has beon accepted by the United States Government
as complete, and that it w:s not constructed under
the Hoxie contract, and that a considerable portion
of the cost thereof had beon paid by the company
before the adoption of said resolution, and ths,t said
resolution does not provide any compensation or
advantage to tho company by requiring stock sub-
scriptions or stipulations for the construction of
additional portions of the company's railroad, or
by any other means or stipulations whatsoever, but
leaves the company to sustain a very great and unre-
quited loss.
Respectfully, yours, TH0MAg a DURANT.
Durant afterward procured an injunction
against this extension of the Hoxie contract
over this fifty-eight miles.
The next step was on the 24th day of June,
1867. At this date there had been completed,
and accepted by the Government ninety-eight
and a quarter miles of road west of the one
hundredth meridian, at a cost to the railroad
company of about $27,500 per mile. Mr. J.
M. S. Williams then proposed to build and
equip two hundred and sixt.y-seven and fifty-two
hundredths miles west from the One hundredth
meridian at $50,000 per mile, and his-offer was
accepted. A t the same time he proposed to the
railroad bureau of the Credit Mobilier to assign
that contract, if -accepted, to that corporation.
Here was another attempt to give the Credit
Mobilier a profit of about $22,500 per mile oh
constructed and accepted road, this time on
ninety-eight and a quarter miles.
Mr. Williams was asked this question with
reference to this proposed contract:
"Question. Then what purpose had you to propose
to build a road that had already been built by tho
company at a cost to them of less than the amount
mentioned in your proposition ?
"Answer. We wero identical m interest. The
Credit Mobil lor and the Union Pacific Railroad
Company were thesamoidontical parties. Wewere
building it for ourselves, by ourselves, and among
ouiselvos. There was not 820,000 outside interost
in it.
"Question. Was this understood at the time ?
"Answer. Yes, sir. It was understood that we®
wero dealing with ourselves to get the control in
tho right hands."
The consummation of this projedt was
defeated by legal proceedings instituted by
Durant. Construction was continued. Dtt-
rant had declared that the Credit Mobilier
should never have another contract.
Then a new device was resorted to, which
will be explained in what folio svs.
On the 16th of August, 1867, the " Oakes
Ames contract" was entered into. At this
timo one hundred and thirty-eight miles of the
road had been completed and accepted west
of the one hundredth meridian, at a cost of
about $27,000 per mile. The portion of the
road embraced in this contract began at the
one hundredth meridian, and extended west-
wardly six hundred and sixty-seven miles, and
by the terms of the contract the railroad com-
pany was to pay as follows :
For first 100 miles, $42,000 per mile  $4,200,000
For next 167 miles, 45,000 per mile   7,515,000
For next 100 miles, 96,000 per mile  9,600,000
For next 100 miles, 80,000 per mile  8,000,000
For nextlOO miles, 00,000 per mile .'  9,000,000
For next 100 miles, 96,000 per mile  0,600,Out)
667 $47,915,000
A t the time this contract was made there was
an understanding that it was for the benefit
of the shareholders of the Credit Mobilier. Mr.
Ames was only the medium through whom
these shareholders should receive the benefits
accruing from it.
By this contract Ames was to be paid nomi-
nally in cash, but the actual character of the
transaction is disclosed by the following clause
in the agreement, namely :
" Eleventh. Payments hereon shall be made {o the
party of the second part, his heirs, executors, ad-
ministrators or assigns, in cash; but if the Govern-
ment bonds received by the company cannot be con-
verted into money at their par value net, and the
first mortgage bonds of the company at ninety cents
on the dollar not. then tho said party of the second
part, his heirs, executors, administrators and assigns
shall be charged hereon the difference between the
amount realized and the above named rates; pro-
vided the first mortgage bonds are not sold for loss
than eighty cents on the dollar, and if there shall
not be realized from the sale of such bonds an amount
sufficient to pay the party of the second part, his
