446
THE C0NGKESS10NAL GLOBE.
January 9,
%/ i
shall be given of the payments required, and
of the time and place of payment, by publish-
ing a notice, once a week, in one newspaper 1
in Helena; and in case any stockholder shall
neglect or refuse to pay, in pursuance of such
notice, the stock held by such person shall be
forfeited absolutely to the use ot'the company,
and also any payment or payments that shall
have been made on account thereof, subject to
the condition that the board of directors may
allow the redemption on such terms as they
may prescribe.
The ninth section provides that this act is
passed, and the rights and privileges are
granted, upon the express condition that
said company shall commence work upon
said road within eighteen months from the
passage of this act, and thereafter shall grade
at the rate of at least ten miles a year, and
comphfte the whole road within ten years, or
forfeit their charter and the rights and priv-
ileges granted. Whenever said railroad shall
pass through any cafion, pass, or defile, any
other railroad shall be permitted to pass
through the same; provided, that such other
road shall not be located in such a manner as
to impair the construction or operation of the
Helena and Northern Utah railroad.
The tenth section provides that when any
railroad company shall have located, or may
hereafter locate, its road through a narrow
defile or canon of the mountains, within the
limits of the present Territories of Montana,
Idaho, and Utah, the right of way over the
public lands through such defile or canon shall
•not be exclusive ; but any other railroad com-
pany or companies shall be entitled to use
such defiles or canons for locating and oper-
ating roads therein: provided, that for all dam-
ages or injury suffered by any company that
may have already located or built its road, or
for the use of the track of such company, if
necessary for another company to use the
same, through such canon or defiles, proper
compensation shall be made; and if the com-
panies interested cannot agree on the amount
of such compensation, or upon the terms for
mutual use of such canon or defile, either of
snch companies may present its petition, set-
ting out all the facts involved in the case, to
the district court in the district where the case
may arise, and such court, after due notice to
the adverse party or parties interested, as in
civil cases, shall proceed to hear and determ-
ine the same; and the judgment to be rendered
in such case shall specify, in addition to the
damages to be paid, the terms and conditions
on which said companies may mutually use
such defile or canon. Either party may have
its writ of error or appeal from said judgment,
as in other cases ; provided that Congress shall
have power at any time to alter, amend, or
repeal this act.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ? |
Mr. KERR. I object. 1
admi8si0n of colorado.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 148) for
the admission of Colorado as a State.
Mr. TAFFE. I propose now to yield to
some gentlemen who wish to oppose the bill.
I will yield first to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. E. H. Roberts.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind
the gentleman that the House has only about
eight minutes remaining to devote to the con-
sideration of this bill this morning, the con-
sideration of the immigration bill having been
assigned for half past one o'clock.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Nebraska [Mr: TaffeJ will indicate how
much time he intends to allow for debate on
this bill.
Mr. TAFFE. I desire to have the bill fairly
debated, it is in the morning hour, and 1 do
not propose to call the previous qnestion until
all p arties are satisfied.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state for
the information of the gentlemen now waiting
the call of their respective committees "that
this bill is in the morning hour and will remain
there until disposed of from day to day unless
some arrangement is made for assigning a par-
ticular day for its consideration.
Mr. TAFFE. I wish to yield to several
gentlemen to offer amendments. But 1 wish
it to be understood that 1 simply yield to have
them read for information, and that I still re-
tain the floor.
The SPEAKER. To whom does the gen-
tleman yield for that purpose?
Mr. TAFFE. I yield first to the gentleman
from Utah, [Mr. Hooper.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. —. That the constitution and State govern-
ment which the people of the Territory of Utah have
formed for themselves under the name of the State
of Deseret be, and the same is hereby, accepted, rati-
fied. and confirmed; and the said State of Deseret
Shall be, and is hereby, declared to be one of the
United States of America, and is hereby admit-
ted into the Union upon an equal footing with the
original States in all respects whatsoever.
Bsc. —. That until the next general census shall
be taken said State of Deseret shall be entitled to
one Representative in the House of Representatives
of the United State*.
Skc. —. That sections numbering sixteen and
thirty-six in every township, and where such sec-
tions have beeh sold or otherwise disposed of by any
act of Congress, other land equivalent thereto, in
legal subdivisions of not lew than one quarter sec-
tion, and as contiguous as may be, shall be, and are
hereby, granted to said State for the support of
common schools.
Sbc. —. That fifty entire sections of the unap-
propriated public lands within said State, to be
selected and located by direction of the Legislature
thereof on or before the 1st day of January, 1875,
shall be, and they are hereby, granted in legal sub-
divisions of not less than one hundred and sixty
acres to .-aid State for the purpose of erecting pub-
lie buildipgs at the capital of said State, for legisla-
tive and judicial purposes, in such manner as the
Legislature shall prescribe.
Sec.—. That fifty other entire sections of land
as aforesaid, to be selected and located as afore-
said, in legalsubdirisiona as aforesaid, shall be, and
they are hereby, granted to said State for the pur-
pose of erecting a suitable building for a peniten-
tiary or State prison in the manner aforesaid.
Sec. —. That seventy-two other sections of land
shall be set apart and ceserved for the use and sup-
port of a State university, to.be selected in manner
as aforesaid, and to be appropriated and applied as
the Legislature of said State may prescribe, for the
purpose named, and for no other purpose.
Sec. —. That five-per cent, of the proceeds of
the sales of all public lands Tying within said State
which shall be sold by the United States subsequent
to the admission of said State into t.he Union, after
deducting all the expenses incident to the same,
shall b& paid to the said State for the purpose of
making and improving public roads, constructing
ditches or canals, or to effect a general system of
irrigation of tbe agricultural land in the State, as
the Legislature shall direct.
Ssc. —. That trom and after the admission of the
said State of Deseret into the Union, in pursuance
of this act, the laws of the United States not locally
inapplicable shall have the same force and effect
within tbe said State as elsewhere within the
United States, and said State shall constitute one
jndicial district, and becalled the district of Deseret.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Nebraska to allow this
amendment, and others which he permits to
be offered, to be considered as pending.
Mr. TAFFE. I yield for that purpose, pro-
vided it is understood that in doing so I retain
the floor. I now yield to the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargent] to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. SARGENT. I offer the following
amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Utah.
The Clerk read as follows :
At the end of section one of the proposed amend-
ment ipsert the following:
Provided, That this act shall not take effect as to
said Territory of Utah, exoeptupon the fundamental
conditions that no law shall ever be enacted by
the Legislature of said State legalizing or author-
izing bigamy, polygamy, or plural marriage. That
for the period of ten years after the ratification of
this constitution, members of the Legislature, and
all officers, executive, judicial, and ministerial,
shall, before they enter upon the duties of their re-
spective offices, and all persons offering to vote shall,
before they are permitted to cast or deposit their
votes or ballots, take the following oath or affirma-
tion :
I, , do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have
not contracted or oommenced to enter upon rela-
tions of bigamy, polygamy, or plural marriage since
the adoption of this constitution; and that, I will
not hereafter contract or coimnenco to enter upon
such relations, (if an oath,) so help me God ; (if an
affirmation,) under the pains anil penalties of per-
jury.
That pcrfect toleration of religious sentiment
shall be secured, and no inhabitant of said Stato
shall ever bo molested in person or property on ac-
count of his or her mode of religious worship.
Sko. —. And he it further enarted, That if a major-
ity of the electors voting upon the question ot the
acceptance or rejection of said fundamental condi-
tions as horeinbelore presented shall vote to accept
the same, the board of canvassers provided for in
section fifteen of article seventeen of said constitu-
tion shall certify the same to the President of the
United States, in accordance with the provisions of
section fifteen of article seventeen of said constitu-
tion, and shall certify also to the President of the
United States a copy of the constitution and ordin-
ances of said State. Whereupon it shall be the
duty of the President of the United States to issue
his proclamation declaring the State admitted into
the Union on an equal footing with the original
States, without any further action whatever on the
part of Congress.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Shanks] desires to offer an amend-
ment, to be considered as pending to this bill.
Mr. 'TAFFE. I yield for that amendment
on the same condition as in tbe case of the
other amendments.
Mr. SHANKS. I offer the following
amendment:
Insert at the end of section four the words :
And that the rights of person and property now
pertaining to the Indians, lawfully in the said Ter-
ritory, which have been recognized under treaties
and laws of the United States heretofore made,
with or for the government of said Indians, so long
as the said rights shall remain unextinguished by
the United States and said Indians.
Mr: TAFFE. I yield to the gentleman
from Minnesota [Mr. Dunnell] to offer an
amendment.
Mr. DUNNELL. I offer the following
amendment:
Add the following proviso to section seven :
Provided, That the lands granted by this section
shall be sold at public auction, and at a price not
less than $2 50 per acre.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the amend
ments which have been offered be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TAFFE. The hour having arrived
i which has been assigned for other business, I
enter a motion to recommit the bill with the
amendments.
INDIANS OP THK CENTRAL SOPERINTENDENCY.
! The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
|i laid before tbe House a letter from the Secre-
i t&ry of the Interior, in relation to an appropri-
' ation to aid and instruct the Indians of the
central superintendency in the arts of civiliza-
j tion; which was referred to the Committee on
' Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
FORT RUSSELL ARTESIAN WELL.
' The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
j| sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the artesian
well on the Fort Russell military reservation,
in Wyoming Territory ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
BRIDOE ACROgS THE RED RIVER.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting the peti-
tion of citizens of the Chickasaw country, In-
dian territory, praying for a charter to con-
struct and operate a toll-bridge across the Red
river on the line between the said Chickasaw
country and Grayson county, Texas; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
BREECH-LOADING MUSKETS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from Jhe
Secretary of War, in relation to the claims
against the Government on account of the
alleged use of certain patented devices in tbe
mechanism of the Springfield breech-loading
