1410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
l two years ago the Army officers received
an annual salary and the Senator says that
seventy-five per cent, of that is more than the
retired naval officers get. But it should be
remembered that the Army retired list is con-
fined to three hundred ; it is limited by law to
three hundred; the law is here before me.
The list of retired Army officers cannot go
beyond three hundred; and I am prepared
now 10 say, with the Army list before me, that
if I had time I could show that.; under the law
as it now stands, gross abuses have occurred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The Senator's five min-
utes have expired under the restrictive rule.
Mr. STOCKTON. The chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs has explained this
matter so fully, and it has been so clearly
stated upon other days, and I am so much out
of the Senate on a special committee, that I
have no disposition to enter into this debate ;
but I am not willing on my own account that
this amendment shall be voted upon, after
what has been said, without expressing my
opinion on the subject.
This amendment allows seventy-five per cent,
of their sea-going pay to officers who have
been forty-five years in service, or who have
been retired for wounds and for gallant con-
duct and have become unfit for active service.
It keeps all that class of men still in the ser-
vice liable to be called upon at any moment
in time of war. It is perfectly well known
that the salaries which we pay to our naval
officers do not enable them to save anything
from their pay; and the question that the
Senate meets on this application, coming unan-
imously from the committee, is simply this:
whether, when you retire them after forty-five
years of service they shall be enabled to live
decently, or be turned out to die. It is always
a question when a horse is worn out, after
many, many years of service, what shall be
done with him when he gets so old that he
cannot trot so fast as he did when he was
young; and it is a question which has been
long debated, and which people have acted
upon differently, whether you should knock
hun in the head or whether you should turn
him out in the commons where he may bite a
little grass before he starves to death to pro-
long Ins life in misery.
That is the proposition that gentlemen now
advocate ; and I regret very much to see that
gentlemen connected with other services whose
officers have been taken care of should rise
hero and find fault with our preventing such
a course of conduct to men who have served
us faithfully and honestly and been retired
with their honors after forty-five years' service.
This provision will last but a very short time
to these officers. A man that has served the
Navy actively and honorably and been retired
after forty-five years' service, and after the age
of sixty-two, will not long receive your pay.
Call it not generosity, call it by no name ex-
cept honest compensation; he will not ask you
for it very long; it is but a very short time
that he will get it. I cannot in duty to myself
let this amendment pass after what has been
said without saying that a more proper amend-
ment to the Navy bill I do not know of ever
having been presented. There must be some
incentive, there must be some looking forward
in every profession to the hope that those we
work for will appreciate our services. I know
it is so in my own profession; every man
knows it. It is not the few dollars merely that
the man looks to. If the dollars were made
less, it might answer the same purpose ; but
is to show that the nation does appreciate
"iieii services and is not ungrateful; and that
-,n mi absolute necessity if we mean to preserve
botu the Army and the Navy in such a con-
uition that they shall be able to cope with
Uio navies and armies of other nations; and
there is 110 country that has a proper regard
i'or its service that does not adopt such a
policy.
Look at your pension law; what does it
mean ? Look at the bills introduced into the
Senate and House of Representatives every
day to increase pensions in cases that are
meritorious and to give them in cases where
the strict rule does not apply '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will suspend; his five minutes have ex-
pired.
Mr. STOCKTON. It strikes me that mine
was a very short five minutes. [Laughter. ]
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Shermax] wonders how this
amendment comes to behere. Mr. President,
I think I can tell you in a moment how it
looked to the Naval Committee. It lobkedto
them that here was a set of old men who at
most pan have a claim but a short time upon
the generosity or magnanimity of their Gov-
ernment. They are men that bear upon their
person the scars of long toil, and that have
faced the enemy upon every ocean, and have
been victorious ; men that have fought till the
waters around them were purpled by their
blood ; and it did not seem to be a heavy draft
upon the generosity of this nation, in my
judgment, to say that they should have
twenty-five per cent, additional pay during
their tottering years while they are yet able
to walk upon their staffs to see the flag they
have so often defended. I should have felt
ashamed if I had not said, " Give them this
little twenty-five per cent."
Many of these men are retired at the age of
sixty-two. All men are not dead at that age.
Farragut was more than sixty-two when he
fought the bloodiest naval engagement ever
fought on the water or the earth, in full pos-
session of his faculties; and to kick him off
with fifty per cent, pay and set him aside may
satisfy the Senator from Ohio, but it does not
satisfy me ; it will not satisfy this nation. As
they see the tottering remnants of their naval
heroes going steadily to the grave they will be
ashamed of the representative who would not
say, give them this to ease them down this
declivity.
Mr. President, I have been here almost nine
years, and I never saw an appropriation for
the Army or Navy brought up but what it wa3
met with this little objection of economy.
Sir, I have placed my votes for the men both
in the Army and Navy 011 such a ground I
think as becomes an American citizen. It is
not enough that you use a man in his vigor to
kick him out when he is in his declining years.
I begin to feel sensitive on this point.
[Laughter.] I do not like this plan of paying
me in kicks, when a year ago you would have
embraced me, hugged me as you would your
gallant naval victors.
But if it is the sense of the Senate, if honor-
able men such as the Senator from Ohio,
think this is necessary to make for themselves
a character for economy by proposing to deal
meanly with either the Army or the Navy of
this nation, be it so. If he thinks it essential
to surround himself permanently with the rock
of economy, let him have the consciousness of
so doing; but none of it for me.
Mr. STEWART. I do not desire to prolong
this debate, and hope the vote will be taken. YVe
have had a vote on this proposition once of
nearly two to one, and 1 should like to see
another vote. It is not a question of raising
the pay of the Navy at all. All this discussion
about prize money and what the Navy is receiv-
ing is not in the question. The question is,
shall we take care of them after they have
served forty-five years and got to be sixty two
years old, and unable to take carc of them-
selves. I have heard no man state that the
amount now received was adequate. Gentle-
men dodge that question altogether and talk
about something else. The amount now paid
is inadequate; it will not support them and
their families; it leaves them in a distressed
condition, and there is no American who wants
the gallant naval officers that have given forty-
five years' service to their country to be left at
the age of sixty-two in a starving condition.
Whenever gentlemen show me that the amount
now received by these officers will support
them and their families comfortably, I will not
vote another cent.
Mr. PRATT. Before the vote is taken on
this proposition I desire to obtain from the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
some information. I wish he would furnish
to the Senate a statement of what the pay of
the naval officers affected by this provision at
present is.
Mr. CRAGIN. Rear admiral is the highest
grade 011 the retired list, the Admiral and Vice
Admiral not being retired. The sea pay of a
rear admiral is $6,000 ; the present retired pay
is fifty per cent, of that, which is $3,000.
There are on the retired list twenty-nine rear
admirals, but only fourteen of them were
retired as such; so that only fourteen now
receive $3,000, and those fourteen, if this
amendment prevails, of course will receive
$4,500. On thatlistof rear admirals are three
who were retired as commodores. Commo-
dores receive $5,000 as the< highest pay, and
fifty per cent, of that is $2,500 which they
receive on the retired list. The addition the
Senator can readily make. Among these rear
admirals are eleven who were retired as cap-
tains. They now receive the half pay of cap-
tain. A captain's pay at sea is $4,500; hence
a captain's pay on the retired list is $2,250;
so that eleven of these rear admirals are now
drawing pay on the retired list as captains, and
this would be an addition of fifty per cent, to
that. There are forty-eight commodores 011 the
retired list; only fifteen of those were retired
as commodores. A commodore receives $5,000
at sea and his retired pay is $2,500, and so on.
Seventeen of the retired commodores were
retired as captains and are now drawing the
half pay of captain. This will increase then-
pay a thousand dollars. Twelve of the com-
modores on the retired list were retired as
commanders and the highest pay of a com-
mander is $3,500. The retired pay of these
commodores is only $1,750 and this will in-
crease it a little.
Mr. PRATT. I beg to ask the Senator one
further question; and that is, when the present
rate of pay was established?
Mr. CRAGIN. The present rate was estab-
lished by law, I think in 1870. Prior to that
the pay proper was smaller than it is now, but,
by an order of the Secretary of the Navy they
received thirty-three and a third per cent.,
which, being added to theirpay, made just the
same as they are now receiving. They have
no extras, no emoluments except that where
officers are on shore duty at navy-yards where
the Government owns buildings some of them
are provided with quarters simply because the
Government owns those buildings.
Mr. PRATT. One further question I desire
to ask the Senator; and that is, what services,
if any, officers 011 the retired list perform ?
Mr. CRAGIN. The officers 011 the retired
list have been performing all the services that
are performed by officers on the active list.
During the war many of the leading officers
of the Navy were on the retired list. Admi-
ral Jo. Smith was on the retired list neaily
or quite during the whole war, and he was
the chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks—
a most valuable officer. He was an excep-
tion. He was more vigorous after the age
of sixty-two than most men are. But the
complaint is that we have too many officers
in the Navy ; that there are enough on the
active list to perform all the duties. These
older officers who have served forty-five years
at least, or are sixty-two years of age, or who
are disabled by wounds or otherwise, are many
of them poor. They have not had the oppor-
tunity that Army officers have had upon the
land to angage in other business and in specu-
lations, having been half of their lifetime on
the sea and away from their native country.
