1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
rifled muskets; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
springfield armory.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, transmitting, incompliance
with the act of April 2, 1794, a statement of :
expenditures at the Springfield Armory ; which ,
was referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed. 1
transient paupers in washington. ,
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con- :
sent, laid before the House a letter from the ,
Secretary of War, in relation to the act pro-
viding for the support of sixty transient pau-
per patients jn Washington city ; which was
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
sale of lands in nebraska.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to an ap-
propriation to defray expenses connected with
the appraisal and sale of certain lands in the
State of Nebraska; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed. j
cheyenne river agency. J
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent. laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to an ap-
propriation required to remove the Cheyenne
River agency from its present location to the
mouth of the Cheyenne river on the Upper
Missouri; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
kansas indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting an esti-
mate of appropriation to provide for the neces-
sary subsistence, &c., of the Kansas Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
hugo wedeles
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the
claim of Hugo Wedeles for depredations com-
mitted on his property in February, 1867, by
the Arapahoe Indians; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
falls of st. mary's river.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the construc-
tion of a canal around the falls of the St.
Mary's river, Michigan ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
indians of northern superintendency.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting the draft
of an act to amend an act entitled "An act for
the relief of certain tribes of Indians in the
northern superintendency," approved June 10,
1872 ; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
lands of kansas indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to an ap-
propriation to defray the expenses connected
with the appraisal and sale of lands belong-
ing to the Kansas Indians in the State of
Kansas ; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
lands in wisconsin.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting an esti-
mate of appropriation to defray the expenses
connected with the appraisal and sale of a
tract of land in the State of Wisconsin ; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed.
bridge across the mississippi river.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution of
the House of December 10, 1872, transmit-
ting a report locating a bridge across the Mis-
sissippi river at LaCrosse, Wisconsin ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
wagon road on northern pacific.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con- j
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to an appropri-
ation required for the construction of a wagon
road for the transportation of supplies from
Red Lake Crossing, on the Northern Pacific
railroad, to the Red Lake agency in Minne-
sota ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
credit mobilier investigation.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That the special committee of this
House appointed on the 2d day of December, 1872,
to investigate certain charges of bribery of members
in connection with the Credit Mobilier Company,
be authorized after this week to sit during the ses-
sions of the House until said investigation shall be
concluded.
louisa f. stone.
Mr. MERRICK asked and obtained unan-
imous cousent to have withdrawn from the files
of the House the memorial and papers in the
case of Louisa F. Stone.
leave of absence.
Mr. Van Trump was granted leave of ab-
sence until the 15th instant.
foreign commerce.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. On behalf of the
Committee on Commerce, I ask that House
bill No. 1743, for the encouragement of the
foreign commerce of the United States, may
be printed for the use of the House.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
george s. fisher.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent)
submitted frond the Committee on Foreign
Affairs a report to accompany House bill No.
2106, to reimburse George S. Fisher for losses
sustained by the burning of the consulate build-
ing of the United States at Kanagawa,. Japan,
November 26, 1866 ; which was ordered to be
printed and recommitted to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
immigration.
The SPEAKER. By an order of yesterday
the House will now proceed tothe consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 1925) to promote im-
migration to the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would ask
the gentleman from Michigan [ Mr. CongEr]
if he would be willing to let this bill go over
until we can finish the legislative appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. CONGER. I would be willing to do
so if I could have it considered on Tuesday or
Wednesday of next week ; bat I understand
that those days have already been assigned.
The SPEAKER. Those days have been
assigned for the consideration of other meas-
ures. The pending question upon this bill is
the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the House recommitted it to the Committee
on Commerce. If no objection be made the
motion to reconsider will be regarded as agreed
to and the motion to recommit withdrawn.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to offer a substi-
tute for this bill.
Mr. WOOD. I raise the point of order on
the first section of this bill, that it contains an
appropriation, and therefore must receive its
first consideration in Committee of the Whole.
The portion of the section to which I refer
is the following:
Until the capitation tax shall become available,
the expenses of said bureau shall be paid from the
Treasury from any money not otherwise appro-
priated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not con-
sider that that makes an appropriation. And
even if it did, the Chair would thus rule ; and
he begs the House to observe the ruling, be-
cause it is one of importance; the House
having by unanimous consent made this an
order for to-day at half past one o'clock, to
the exclusion of all other orders, the rule to
which the gentleman refers is thereby waived.
Mr. WOOD. Do I understand the Chair to
hold that the unanimous consent of the House
to consider a bill at a particular hour over-
rules a point of order of this character ?
The SPEAKER. It would, and for this
reason: by unanimous consent the House
agrees to consider this bill in the House at
this hour. That would waive all rules in rela-
tion to bills containing appropriations.
Mr. WOOD. What does the Speaker pro-
pose to do with the constitutional provision
that no money shall be taken from the Treas-
ury except in pursuance of appropriations
made by law?
The SPEAKER. That is a constitutional
point, not a parliamentary point.
Mr. WOOD. This portion of the section,
if operative, must make an appropriation, and
under our rules it must be first considered in
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. Yes; but the gentleman
is confounding two points, the one a constitu-
tional and the other a parliamentary point.
The parliamentary point is that all bills con-
taining an appropriation must receive their
first consideration in Committee of the Whole.
That rule maybe suspended either by a two-
thirds vote on Monday after the morning hour,
or by unanimous consent. The House gave
its unanimous consent that this bill should be
considered in the House this day at half past
one o'clock. That would waive the parlia-
mentary point. As to the constitutional
point, that is for the House to decide, not the
Chair.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is the lan-
guage of the order of the House that this bill
shall be considered "in the House" at this
hour?
The SPEAKER. That the House would
consider it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I thought it
was simply in general terms that the bill
should be considered at this time, but that it
must, when it came up, be subject to the rules
of the House.
Mr. WOOD. But, Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York will observe that really there is no par-
liamentary point in bis objection. There may
be a very weighty constitutional point in it;
but upon such a point it is not the province of
the Chair to rule. Such questions are for the
judgment of the House.
Mr. WOOD. Does the Chair hold that this
section does not contain an appropriation?
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that
even if it does the House, by unanimous con-
sent, agreed to consider the bill in the House.
Mr. WOOD. Reserving points of order ;
and it is such a point that I now raise.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
unanimous consent waives all points of that
kind. Even if the first section contained an
appropriation of $1,000,000, the Chair would
not feel that he had the right to send the bill
