1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1411
Many of them are left in a comparatively
destitute condition. This amendment, while
it deprives them of active duty, increases
their retired pay in proportion simply to that
of the Army, although it is less in amount.
Mr. PRATT. One further item of inform-
ation I desire to obtain ; and that is, whether
the naval officers upon the retired list are paid
the sea-going rates when they are in active
service ?
Mr. CRAGIN. They are when they are at
sea. When they are on shore duty they re-
ceive shore duty pay, the same as officers on
the active list.
Mr. THURMAN. I am not certain how I
shall vote on this amendment, because I am
not quite well enough informed in regard to
■the facts; but there is one consideration which
it seems to me ought not to be overlooked.
If I vote for this amendment it will not be
upon the ground of sympathy, although I feel
as much sympathy perhaps for these gentle-
men as anybody, but simply on the ground of
justice.
There is this difference between these gen-
tlemen and persons engaged in civil life : a
lawyer can practice law after he is sixty-two
years of age, and perhaps for ten years after
"he is sixty-two years of age, and make more
money than he ever made in any ten years of
his life. A man can be a judge until he is
seventy years of age, and then retire on fall
pay under our law. A man mav practice
medicine if he is sixty-two, and be an excellent
physician, and have a lucrative practice. He
may be a merchant making millions of money,
like Alexander T. Stewart, after he is sixty-
two years of age ; and so with all civil employ-
ments. But these men who have spent forty-
five years in the Navy are absolutely fit for
nothing else; they have no other occupation.
They cannot be merchants, or lawyers, or
doctors, or bankers. They are nothing in the
world but sailors, very accomplished gentle-
men, but so far as earning a livelihood is con-
cerned thev are as helpless as children. That
is the truth about it. So that it is not a ques-
tion of sympathy; it is simply a question of
justice.
They do not stand like other men. They
have devoted their whole lives to yourservicc ;
and having done that, you force them to
retire at the age of sixty-two, whether they
are competent to serve the country or not;
and as the law now stands, you are at once to
cut off one half of their pay, one half of their
means of support, at a time when they perhaps
need it more than they do at any other time,
when their families are largestand when they
most need it. That is a consideration which
it seems to me ought not to be lost sight of.
It weighs greatly with me. You force these
gentlemen, who have served the country so
long, out of the service at the age of sixty-
two, and, as this amendment proposes,
prohibit their being employed, as I under-
stand, upon the active list or in any active
duty ; and when you do that, you at once cut
down half their means of subsistence: and
you do that toward a class of men who have
served you faithfully, and have no occupation
in the world but that in which they have been
engaged for at least forty-five years of their
lives. ., .
There is another consideration. We see
how this thing operated before. We see that
here were men retired who were so competent
to discharge duty that the Secretary of the
Navv or the President put them to the dis-
charge of active duty, and then _ they were
paid as if they were in active service, borne
of them commanded navy-yards ; others were
members of the Light-House Board, and the
like. Now, I understand this amendment
prohibits all that. Is that so ?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. We are bound to sup-
pose that the President of the United States
did not take incompetent men and put them in
these responsible positions. The truth is that
they were competent men for the positions,
and that their case appealed so much to the
sense of justice of the Executive that he
employed them in this active service. That
is the state of the case. Now, sir, we prohibit
that. We prohibit that in the interest of the
younger officers of the Navy, and I think the
public service probably will be benefited by
that prohibition. Perhaps it is better that
this active service should be performed by
younger men ; but if we do that, 1 think it is a
pretty harsh measure to take away half the
means of subsistence of these men at one
stroke
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, it snems
to me that any increase of appropriations upon
the naval bill is uncalled for. I think by an
examination of these appropriations in detail,
it will be ascertained that the Navy is the most
expensive arm of the service. The Navy of
the United States is a more expensive service
than any similar establishment in any country
of the world ; and I think those who are in-
terested in the naval service of the United
States should be careful not to call the atten-
tion of the country and of Congress to its
present situation. For one, sir, I consider it
my duty to protest, in behalf of the interests of
this country, against a dollar of increase upon
any of your appropriation bills, especially upon
the naval bill.
I do not believe that this Government or
any other should appropriate money for a ser-
vice that it has no uses for. I ask my friend
from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] what is the
use of the present Navy of the United States ?
He has endeavored to illustrate that by bring-
ing forward its history and its present situa-
tion ; but that is not satisfactory to me.
But, sir, in reference to this proposed item
of appropriation, let me tell Senators that the
average pay of men who are to-day occupying
similar stations to those the pay of which you
are now attempting to increase, the average
pay obtained by captains in the merchant ser-
vice, carrying passengers and freight, equal if
not superior to three fourths of your ships
under the command of your naval officers, is
no more than from $1,500 to $1,800 per an-
num ; and here you propose to retire men
upon pay equal, if not superior, to that which
men in active employment in the commercial
marine receive to-day.
But, sir, who is it that is to pay the bills of
these increased appropriations? I shall con-
tent myself in the remarks that I make in
opposition to this measure with calling atten-
tion to the condition of a large class of men
from whom come the moneys that are to pay
for this easy, pleasant advance that you pro-
pose to make to this service. I take it from
a reliable paper; I take it from the pen of
one who knows precisely what lie is writing
about; and I quote it because it is my own
judgment as the result of my own observation:
-Mercantile Wreck*.-The Now York correspond-
ent of the Hoston Journal says: One of the saddest
sights in New York is the large number of mercan-
tile wrecks drifting about. Men who ten years ago
were foremost as bankers,diy goods men, importers,
and heads of mercantile houses, . uro shuffling
about, picking up a precarious living by a little
brokerage or small commissions from men who were
porters, shop boys, and small salesmen when these
beneficiaries were the merchant princes ot the city.
One can count on his ten lingers the permanently
successful houses that have stood unshaken tor
twenty-five years. Men who have established a
large trade, built up a house of repute with an
honor known all over the world, not only do not
continue their business, but are not lolloweu by
their sons and relations, and generally the trade
goes into the hands of strangers. The private mad-
houses—and they are very numerous m and near
New York—are full of the w.rccks of mercantile
men. The wards of thesg hospitals are lull of emi-
nent names in law, medicine, and trade. It would
surprise one to read the list of men who, having
lost their property, have lost their mind and passed
out of sight."
It is from the labors of such men that_ the
money to meet the increased appropriations
necessary to sustain your Government service
are called for.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President  
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The Senator from New
Jersey has exhausted his time on this ques-
tion.
Mr. STOCKTON. I beg pardon of the
Senate. I did not know that the rule did not
permit me to reply when a gentleman turned
round and spoke to me in the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The only
endeavor of the Chair is to carry out the rules
as they exist. This rule is that " no Senator
shall speak more than five minutes on the
pending motion," which is, of concurrence. It
has been held that a Senator may divide his
five minutes and speak twice at different
times, not on the whole exceeding five min-
utes. The Senator exhausted his five min-
utes, and the Chair in doing its duty feels
bound to remind him of the fact.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to say one
word in reply to the Senator from Rhode
Island.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the Senator from New Jersey
will proceed.
Mr. STOCKTON. I simply desire to sa^ a
word in reply to the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Sprague.] He turned around
and appealed to me personally in my seat in
the Senate, not addressing his remarks to the
Chair at all, and asked me " What was the
use of the American Navy'/" Speaking by
the consent of the Senate, I must be very
brief, and I must be very polite at the same
time; but I must say that I was very much
surprised that the Senator from lihode Island
asked me such a question. 1 have not risen,
I do not desire the courtesy of the Senate, to
reply to it. I simply desire to say that the
Senator asked me " What was the use of the
American Navy?" That is the position that
the Senator from Rhode Island places himself
in. If the Senator from Rhode Island will run
back, even at this session of Congress, to the
few remarks that I have made, he will find that
I have said that if the American Navy was not
kept on a footing which permitted that Navy
to compete with the navy of any other Power,
there was no use in the American Navy. If
the Senator from Rhode Island will run back
in the history of his own State and the history
of the American Navy from the tune of the
Continental Congress to the present morner,!,
he will learn by history better than I can tell
him the use of the American Navy.
I cannot tell—and when I itm ignorant I
think there is no man more willing to acknow-
ledge it—I cannot from my recollection state
the front on the sea that Rhode Island has,
nor precisely its depth from the seashore; but
I know that Rhode Island and Maryland and
Delaware as well as my own State fronton the
sea, and I know that their protection from for-
eign invasion comes lrom the protection of
their coast; and I might say that when the
Senator from Rhode Island reads his statistics.
But, sir, on that very low ground, the protec-
tion of the American coast from Maine to
Texas, I never mean to place my vote on this
proposition. The question we have before us
does not rest on the seaboard. It goes now
from the Atlantic to the Pacific. It goes
across the continent; and the question, as I
said the other day, and which I mean to make
Senators meet if I have the power to do it
here, is, do you want a navy? If you want a
navy, will you do for that navy what is neces-
sary to be done to place it in such a condition
as to be a credit to the country, a protection
to the country, a protection to our foreign com-
merce, and a protection to every American in
every part of the world ?
Mr. President, I have been myself wheie
not one, not ten, not twenty, not fifty, but live
hundred Americans came to me in one day
and begged me to order (that was their view
of it) the ships of the Navy to the port oi
Civita Vecchia. I had no power to order them.
