448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
to the Committee of the Whole after the
House lmd given unanimous consent for its
consideration in the House at a particular
time.
Mr. POTTER. Not if the right to raise
points of order was specially reserved when
the consent was given?
The SPEAKER. That would be a different
point.
Mr. POTTER. I understand from gentle-
men around me that such a reservation was
made.
The SPEAKER. That is a different point,
and is to be determined by reference to the
Journal. If the right to raise points of order
was reserved, the Chair will rule upon this
point.
Mr. POTTER. I believe that the reserva-
tion was made expressly.
Mr. WOOD. I am confident that the right
to raise points of order was reserved.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
reading of the first section on which this point
is proposed to be raised.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted, he.. That there shall be appointed
by the President of the United States, with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, a commissioner
of immigration, whose annual compensation shall
be $5,000, and whose term of offices shall be four
years, and who, under the supervision of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, shall be charged with the
execution of this and all other acts relating to im-
migration unless otherwise provided, and, with the
approval of the Secretary of the iSreasory, shall,
have power ta make all necessary rules and regu-
lations. The Secretary of the Treasury shall ap-
point or assign to him a chief clerk and such other
clerks, inspectors, agents, and messengers as shall
be necessary for the discharge of the duties involved,
and estimates for the expenses of said bureau shall be
laid before Congress in the usual manner, and, until
the capitation tax shall become available, the ex-
penses of said bureau shall be paid from the Treas-
ury from any money not otherwise appropriated.
Said commissioner shall not have any pecuniary in-
terest, directly or indirectly, in any railway, steam-
ship, or transportation company, nor in the settle-
ment of tracts of lands.
The SPEAKER. This section undoubtedly
contains an appropriation of money ; and if
the gentlemen from New York [Mr. Wood
and Mr. Potter] are correct in stating that
the right to make points of order was reserved,
the bill will have to go to the Committee of
the Whole. This bill, however, was origin-
ally brought before the House more than a
year ago.
Mr. CONGER. There has never been to
my knowledge (and I ought to know something
about it) any reservation of any points of order.
I think the Journal will sustain me in this
statement.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. recollection is that when
the unanimous consent was given all points
of order were reserved, as is usual in such
cases.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman may be mistaken, for this reason : this
bill was last year adversely considered so far
as to be recommitted ; and the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Conger] entered a motion to
reconsider the vote recommitting it. It is by
a reconsideration of that vote that the bill is
now before the House. The gentleman had
the right to call up the motion to reconsider
at any time ; but in order that it might not in-
terfere with other business, he aksed unanimous
consent (which was granted) that yesterday
should be specially assigned for its considera-
tion ; and yesterday the same order was made
with reference to to-day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make
an inquiry: was the order simply that this bill
should be made a special order for a certain
day, or that it should be considered in the
House on a certain day?
The SPEAKER. The order was that "on
Wednesday, January 8, at two o'clock, the
House would proceed to consider to the ex-
clusion of all other orders " this bill. That is
the exact wording of the order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. While the
Clerk is looking for the Journal, I ask the in-
dulgence of the House for a moment. This
ruling of the Speaker is in my judgment one
of the most important in its bearing on the
business of the House that we have had this
session. I do not doubt its correctness, pro-
vided only the language of the order of the
House is what the Speaker supposes it to be.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will interrupt
the gentleman from Ohio at that point. It
was that the bill should be taken up for con-
sideration on a particular day, and at four
o'clock the previous question was to be de-
manded, and that very fact of itself presup-
poses the bill wag to be considered in the
House, and not in the Committe of the Whole,
where the previous question cannot be ordered.
As to the point made by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wood,] if it be a fact that
all points of order were reserved upon the bill
when it was made a special order, the point of
order that the bill makes an appropriation
will of course at onoe send it to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union
under the rule, there to have it first considera-
tion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not doubt
the Speaker's position. I presume it is cor-
rect. I wish, however, the House to under-
stand, when we are every day granting special
orders, if we are thereby waiving all objec-
tion and all points of order by granting such
unanimous consent, it is time we should be
more cautious. The construction is entirely
new to me.
The SPEAKER. There can be no other
construction of it. Gentlemen can reserve
points of order as well as on an appropriation
bill going to a committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
a question in this connection. Suppose a man
gets permission by unanimous consent that at
a certain hour his bill shall have precedence,
does that fact waive for that bill all points of
order ?
The SPEAKER. If a particular bill be set
apart to be considered to the exclusion of all
other business at a particular hour there can
be no other construction given to the order of
the House but that it moat be considered at
that hour to the exclusion of all other business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. But suppose
permission is only given that at a certain hour
the House will consider it?
The SPEAKER. How can it be otherwise ?
The gentleman from Ohio will observe that in
every instance where the House gives its con-
sent to consider a bill at a particular hour it
always specifies the time when the previous
question is to be called, and under that order
the previous question cannot be called before
the time specified.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is not always
so defined.
The SPEAKER. It has almost nniformly
been the case that where the order has been
made by the House the time has been fixed
when the previous question shall be called.
The Chair does not now remember a solitary
exception. The gentleman from Ohio, as
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
is always ia the habit of limiting the time
himself.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. When appro-
priation bills are reported and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, it ia provided that they shall be made
a special order for a certain day, and to be
considered from day to day until disposed o£
I do not doubt the correctness of the Chair's
decision, but my object has been to call the
attention of the House precisely to the position
in which we are left when we grant unanimous
consent to take up bills at a fixed time to the
exclusion of all other business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair wishes the
House to understand distinctly that when the
House by unanimous consent agrees that at
a specified hour on a certain day, to the exclu-
sion of all other orders, it will proceed to con-
sider a certain bill, and also fixing a time at
which the previous question is to be called,
the fact that the bill may contain an appro-
priation does not bring it within the rule com-
Celling on the point of order being made all
ills containing appropriations to have their
first consideration in the Committee of the
Whole, unless the point of order is reserved
at the time when the order of the House was
originally made by unanimous consent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. But I presume
points of order will lie to any matter not ger-
mane to the bill ?
The SPEAKER. When the bill comes up
for consideration, of course points of order
pertinent to the matter will be enforced under
the rules of the House; but nothing can pre-
1 vent the consideration of the bill when by unani-
, mous consent it was ordered for a certain day
to the exclusion of all other business,
i Mr. WOOD. I wish the Speaker to have
reference made to the Journal of the proceed-
ings of the day when this order was made, so
we may know exactly what action was taken
at the time.
Mr. PAWES. Would it be in order to move
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It would not, for the House
has, to the exclusion of all other orders, pro-
vided for the consideration of this bill, and
the action of the Chair itself is limited to this
bill.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to call the attention
of my friend from Ohio to the fact of the con-
dition in "which we are placed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would it be in order
to move to refer this bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It would if the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Congee] who has charge
of the bill would yield the floor for that pur-
pose. When the House has proceeded to con-
sider the bill it will be in order to move to
recommit or to refer it to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, or to
indefinitely postpone it; but under the rule of
the House they must proceed to its consider-
ation at this time to the exclusion of all other
orders.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
Ohaic will indulge me in a single remark. I
do not see how I can ever again under this
construction consent to any more special orders
of this sort providing for their consideration
to the exclusion of all other orders.
Mr. WOOD. I ask that the Journal of the
day on which this order was made be read.
The SPEAKER. The Journal clerk is
now looking up the Journal and the consid-
eration of the bill will now be proceeded with,
and if the Chair finds that points of order were
reserved on this bill at the time it was made a
special order, he will at once, on the point of
order being insisted on, send the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CONGER. I offer a substitute which
differs from the bill, for the most part, merely
in phraseology.
The SPEAKER. Before the substitute is
read, the Chair desires to make an observation
on one other point of importance. Gentle-
men are sometimes under the impression that
if the original bill contained appropriations,
and was therefore open to a parliamentary
point, that may be waived by putting in a sub-
stitute. That would not save a bill from
going to Committee of the Whole, because,
though the substitute is proposed, it does not
follow that the House will adopt it.
Mr. CONGER. If gentlemen will follow
the reading of the substitute, they will find
that it differs very little from the original bill.
The substitute was read. It provides, in
its first section, that there shall be appointed
by the President of the United States, with
the advice and consent of the Senate, a com-
missioner of immigration, whose annual com •
