112
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February .20,
Ho. of Reps.
Union Pacific Railroad—Report.
42d Gong....3d Sess.
until that sum was reimbursed on the, com-
pletion of such section of twenty miles. This,
at the rate fixed for the first hundred miles
under the Oakes Ames contract, would amount
to $840,000 for twenty miles supposing there
were no profit, and at the rate for the last
hundred miles to $1,920,000. But they
divided among themselves on the 12th of De-
cember, 1867, less than two months after they
got the contract, as before shown, a large
amount in first mortgage bonds and a like
amount in stock par value, and from time to
time made the other dividends hereinbefore
set forth. Thus it Appears that they divided,
December 12, 1867, among themselves as
profits at that date a larger sum than they
ever put at risk in the whole transaction.
6. This claim that no unreasonable profit
has been made is not supported by the testi-
mony. The risk, as has been shown, was
wholly that of the Government.
7 and 8. The gentlemen making these excuses,
though invited, have failed to furnish the com-
mittee with any evidence that such a legal
opinion was given them.
9. It is true that the construction of the
Pacific railroad has saved large expenditure
both in postal and military transportation and
the maintenance of troops, and has been of
great public advantage. But it has been built
chiefly with the resources of fie Government.
10. The answer to this is to be found in
figures disclosed in this report.
It is also said that it is unjust to look at
this question in the light of the present—that
we should go back to the condition of things
before the road was built, when the whole
scheme seemed to the prudent capitalists of
the country visionary and perilous. This is
true, and if these gentlemen assumed great
risks from which others shrank and thereby
great benefits inured to the public, they should
have all due credit. But we think they dif-
fered from the capitalists, not in taking a risk,
but in having discovered that the road could
be builtatvast profit without risk, the resources
furnished by the Government being more than
ample for the purpose.
The committee do not, conceive it to be their
duty to express or to form an opinion as to
the degree of moral blame that attaches to the
persons engaged in these transactions, except
so far as that may rightfully affect the exercise
of the discretion of Congress in dealing with
their franchises. Congress cannot accept the
general intentions of persons combined as an
excuse for a deliberate violation of its laws if
it expects them to be obeyed or respected
hereafter. But we do not like to close our
narrative of this case and pronounce judgment
upon these illegal transactions without ob-
serving that there are many persons connected
with the Credit Mobilier who held their stock
openly and without concealment from the
beginning, and who seem to have had no share
in its management and no knowledge of the
wrongful use of its stock or of the funds of
the railroad. Some of these persons are per-
sons of eminent character, holding high public
positions. It is difficult to believe that they
had any consciousness that they were doing
wrong or saw the whole proceeding in the
light in which the committee now state it.
Mr. J. M. S. Williams's statement probably
correctly represents the exact feeling of this
class of persons: "they thought they were
only dealing with their own property; they
did not think they had anything to do with the
Government."
The result of these proceedings was this:
1. While the charter of the Credit Mobilier
required its affairs to be mauaged by a board
of directors and its principal business office to
be in Philadelphia, the actual conduct of its
affairs was wholly by the men acting as aboard
of trustees and in the city of New York, so
that this unlawful arrangement attempted to
disguise and did in effect disguise these per-
sons by means of a fictitious and pretended
and not a real use of the corporate powers of
the Credit Mobilier.
2. While the charter ofthe Union Pacific Rail-
road Company required its corporate powers
to be wielded by a board of fifteen directors,
ten of whom should be bona fide holders of
stock and should be elected by stockholders
representing capital which had been actually
paid in full and in money, this contrivance
virtually placed all the power and control of
said railroad corporation, its property and
franchises, in the hands of the same persons,
and beyond the management provided by law,
thereby disguising and intending to disguise
an unlawful seizure of the powers of the com-
pany, an unlawful us.e of its name in the issue
of stock, bonds, and scrip, and an unlawful
distribution of its property among the parties.
3. While the United States subordinated its
own lien to secure reimbursement of the loan
of its bonds to a mortgage to secure the bonds
ofthe company for a like amount for the pur-
pose of constructing the road, moneys have
been in fact borrowed under the privilege so
conferred and distributed as dividends.
4. The statute requiring the capital stock to
be paid for in money at par it has in fact been
paid at not exceeding thirty cents on the dol-
lar in road building, excepting, perhaps, the
sum of about $400,000.
5. Instead of securing a solvent, powerful,
well-endowed company, able to perform its
important public lunctions without interrup-
tion in times of commercial disaster and in
times of war, and able to maintain its impar
tiality and neutrality in dealing with ail con-
necting lines, it is now weak and poor, kept
from bankruptcy only by the voluntary aid of
a few capitalists who are interested to main-
tain it, and liable to fall into the control of
shrewd and adroit managers, and to become
an appendage to some one of the railroad
lines of the East.
In 1871 it fell under the control of the active
managing men of the Pennsylvania Central
Railroad Company; and its present control,
and the manner in which it was procured, are
sufficiently shown by the following testimony
of Hon. Horace F. Clark, the present presi-
dent. After stating that he had purchased
twenty five or thirty thousand shares of the
stock, and with some friends forty thousand
shares in all, (which he purchased at thirty
cents,) and had made a call or contract for
twenty-four or twenty-five thousand additional
shares, his testimony proceeds as follows:
"Question. What object did you have in view in
making this purchase or stock and in becoming
president of the Union Pacific Railroad Company?
"Answer. I am connected with aline of railroad,
leading from the Missouri river through Chicago.
Cleveland, and Buft.ilo to Albany and Boston. I
was president of the Lake Shore and Michigan
Southern Railway Company, which fills up the
gap from Chicago' to Buffalo. 1 was a. director in
the New York Central and Hudson River Railroad
Company, which tills up the gap between Buffalo and
New York. Mr.Scott had previously been the pres-
ident of the Union .Pacific Railroad Company. lie
represented the Pennsylvania railroad, which is an
opposition lme to the lines with which I am con-
nected. From Chicago they leach the scacoast by
Philadelphia, by the Fort Wayne road. My object
in interesting myself m the Union Pacific Railroad
Company was to share in the traffic arrangements.
Wo might get none of the traffic of the Union Pacifio
Railroad Company by the way of our lines if the con-
trol of that road wasinthe handsof acompetingline.
That was the inducement. My inducement to make
the call was that (never taking any compensation m
the way of salary) I wanted the advantage which
would result from a participation in the traffic of this
railroad. Boston is reacned by rail through our
lines; it is not reached by continuous rail through
any other lines. It seemed to me as if tea and silks,
and various articles of merchandise, could be car-
ried to Boston, which is a. great point o^consumptio n
and a great point of e.vport by rail, it the rail line
to the seaboard was open. My object m making the
oall was that I might share in the prosperity of the
road, which wouldf result from the opening of this
rail line; and X made the call. Whether tho parties
who sold me the call bad the stock or not, was a
point wbioh I did not inquire about. They were
responsible parties, and if t.hcy did not have the
stoek they were bound to buy it in the market. My
object in having anything to do with tho line was in
connection with railroad traffic. I knew nothing
about the Credit Mobilier. I, had heard that there
had been a construction ring in that road, but what
had boen the effect of it X did not know. My object
iu taking tho call was to get the advantage, which
some thought might result from the increase in the
value of thestock, from the chango of admioistra-
" Question. Was it your purpose in making that
purchase of stock, or was there an arrangement
when the stock was purchased that you should be-
come president of that road ?
"Answer. There was.
•' Question. By whom was that arrangemont made?
"Answer. I think the negotiations for that ar-
rangement were made between Mr. Morton and
Mr. Banker.
" Question. Who were the parties behind them ?
"Answer. I do not know them all. I think that
among these parties were some ot the Boston par-
tios. Mr. Morton only became responsible under
the call to a limited amount. The Messrs. Ames
joined in the call, but in what sums I do not remem-
ber. The total amount, was twenty-four or twenty-
five I housand shares, a.t thirty.
" Question. Tho arrangement which was made for
that purchaso of stock resulted m your coming into
the presidency of the road?
"Answer. Yes: beoause then I said to the stock-
holders that I would tako their proxies, and the
stockholders sent their proxies to mu, I had not,
with my friends, stock enough myself to control the
election, or anything like it.
" Question. Do you knowwhether, the year preced-
ing, Mr. Scott became president of the road under
a similer arrangement?
"Answer. X know nothing about it. I have heard
statements about it, but I have no knowledge on the
subject."
The division of the substance of the cor-
poration has so weakened it as to make its
control by capitalists and powerful railroad
corporations in the manner above described
easy. It is now helpless and dependent.
6. The right of the Government to regulate
fares when the road pays ten per cent, on its
cost is rendered nugatory or difficult of exer-
cise by recording a fictitious and not an actual
statement of the cost of the road.
Before proceeding to discuss the question of
remedy, your committee take occasion to say
that, in making this investigation they have
labored under great disadvantages. Thebooks
containing the records of these transactions
are voluminous and complicated. The esti«
mates of engineers made before the letting of
the various contracts cannot be found. The
presence, as a witness, of General Granville
M. Dodge, the chief engineer, under whose
supervision the principal part of the work was
done, could not be procured, although diligent
efforts were made to that end. Telegrams
were sent to him, inviting his attendance as a
witness, and a deputy sergeant-at-arms was
sent for him who has diligently sought him for
weeks, but has been unable to find him. Your
committee have information from which they
feel warranted in stating that they believe that
he has been purposely avoiding the service of
the summons.
Mr. John J. Cisco, who was treasurerof the
Union Pacific Railroad Company, was unable
to attend by reason of illness.
Governor John A. Dix, who was president,
could not be present by reason of his execu-
tive duties as Governor of the State of New
York.
Having had these difficulties to encounter,
your committee do not present the foregoing
figures in relation to the money value of
profits, and in relation to dividends as being
exact.
Many of the incidents to these transactiens
have not been investigated as thoroughly as
was desired for want of time.
This report does not embrace all the mat-
ter committed to the committee, and the
report is only in part. The present report is
