1412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
I told them I would protect them the best way
I could. They told me where the ships were,
in some ports of the Mediterranean. They were
in trouble. The American college in Rome
was threatened. The President of that col-
lege came to me with all those who followed
them, asking me to protect them. I said, " I
will protect you." " Will you send for the
•ships?" I said, "I have no power to do
that;" but I wrote a letter, and three or four
American ships sailed into that harbor from a
mere request of mine. What good did they
do? They did this good: they showed that
the United States of America would protect
their citizens in any part of the world, no mat-
ter where they were, in their honest rights,
cost what it might.
Sir, you cannot improvise a navy in a day,
as you can an army by calling out the militia.
You are obliged to keep up a navy ; and yet
the Senator from Rhode Island turns around
and asks me what is the use of a navy ? Sir,
if there is 110 use of a navy with our seacoast
from Maine to Texas, let the State represented
by the Senator from Rhode Island be carted out
from the seacoast and placed in some other
locality, where the waves of the ocean will
never touch it. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, the Navy of the United States
has never done discredit to this country from
the time it was first formed. It has never done
an act that did not redound to the credit and
honor of the country. When a proposition is
presented here that men who have served
forty-five years in the Navy, who are retired
because of wounds or disabilities so incurred,
shall not be permitted to starve when you retire
them by your laws, the Senator from a State
011 the Atlantic coast rises and says " What is
the use of the American Navy?" I can only
say that that Senator is perfectly honest; he
meets the question straight and square; and I
ask the Senate to meet it, as he met it, directly.
Let every man who votes against this appro-
priation vote 011 the argument of the Senator
from Rhode Island, " What is the use of the
American Navy," and in casting that vote
lie votes as the Senator from Rhode Island
does, honestly, and his opinion is that we do
not want a navy. If that be so, I ask the
President of the Senate, and I ask the Senate
itself, to excuse me from further service on the
Naval Committee. If that be the view of the
Senate, if that be the view of the American
people, I am willing to vote with the Senator
to abolish the Navy; and I have said that sev-
eral times to the Senate and on one occasion
which I particularly recall.
But, sir, if the Senator is not right, if a
nation of forty million people with the largest
seaboard of any nation in the world, does
need a navy, if it is not true that the Navy
is of no use at all, if it is not true that the
Navy should be abolished, then I insist that
it is true that a decent regard to the absolute
necessity of the officers of the Navy can with
propriety be urged upon the Senate and upon
Congress.
I insist that the only gentleman on the
other side of this question who has made a
point that is entitled to be answered and re
spected is the Senator from Rhode Island.
He has made that point deliberately ; he has
made that point decidedly, if I understood
him; and that question is now before the
American Senate. It'it is the desire to abolish
the Navy, let him put his proposition in the
form of a bill that it may be presented to Con-
gress and passed upon; and let the bay of
Samana, thecoast of Cuba, the waters of China,
and of the Mediterranean, and even of Japan
over which the Coramitteeon Iforeign Relations
now sentimentalize, feel that no vessel and no
trader may by accident get there that has the
protection over it of the American flag. Let
that thing be done which never was done
before, that thing which never has existed
since the time that this nation declared that it
was a free and independent people. That is
a fair proposition; it is a manly proposition,
an honest proposition; and if the Senator from
Rhode Island desires it, no man would be
more happy than I to meet him on this floor
or elsewhere in debate on that subject; but do
not let other gentlemen come in and try to cut
down the appropriations, or try to prevent an
appropriation being made which is absolutely
necessary to keep up the Navy. I thank the
Senator from Rhode Island for avowing that
object, which was that the American Navy
was of no use to the country.
Mr. COLE. We have had a very eloquent
and very earnest speech from the Senator
from New Jersey, and we must agree with
him in regard to the magnificence and power
and excellence of the American Navy ; but I
must remind him and other Senators that the
American Navy will amount to nothing unless
we appropriate the twenty-odd million dollars
contained in this bill for its use next year. I
hope we may be allowed to vote upon the
question and pass the bill without reference
to the grandeur of the Navy or any other re-
marks in regard to it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President-—■
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is obliged to remind the Senator from Rhode
Island, as he did the Senator from New Jersey,
that he has occupied his time.
Mr. STOCKTON. I was permitted by the
Senate to occupy time after my five minutes
had expired, and I should regret if the Senate
would not permit the Senator from Rhode
Island to reply to me.
Mr. COLE. I must object to further dis-
cussion.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I will take another occa-
sion.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, cer-
tainly I know that we have no time to discuss
this subject, though much has been said upon
it, and I wish to compliment my distinguished
and eloquent friend from New Jersey. I
admire his zeal, and surely his experience
and ability 011 the subject under discussion,
upon which he is so well informed. But the
strongest, argument adverse to the proposi-
tion has fallen, it seems to me, from the dis-
tinguished Senator, in that the two grand
extremes meet. He says that he wishes it to
be understood unmistakably that the passage
of this amendment is not to be attributed to
generosity. Does my friend who advocates
this measure so earnestly wish to prevent me
voting for it? I take it that he does not if he
would reflect for a moment. In the absence
of generosity, what right has he to urge it on
the Senate? It is not the law, and therefore
if it is accorded in accordance with his zeal, I
think it will be an act of generosity 011 the
part of the Senate. I myself intend to give
that vote; but if I believed that I was voting
otherwise than generously, I should certainly
vote in the negative. I shall vote in the affirm-
ative, therefore, believing that I am acting
generously, at the same time associating and
connecting it directly with the merit of the
proposition. I think merit accords to all par-
ties who have thus acquitted themselves, and
that, after arriving at the age of sixty-two, they
should be protected by a generous and mag-
nanimous and great nation. That is the view
prompting me more directly than anything else
to vote in the affirmative. Therefore I con-
sider that I am casting a generous vote in
doing so; that I am not compelled to do it
by law or any other reason, but I vote for it
with a great deal of pleasure.
Mr. CORBETT. My objection to this amend-
ment, if objection I have, is to the principle
of reversing the law which we have adopted in
times of war, that these gentlemen over the
age of sixty-two should not be in active service.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Senator is mistaken.
This amendment provides that they may be
employed in time of war.
Mr. CORBETT. That is the very point I
desired to make, that this amendment provides
that in time of war, when it is said we want
young blood, when we want energy and activ-
ity, these gentlemen may be employed ; but
in times of peace, when they can perform the
duties of the Departments here as well as the
younger men, they shall be retired. It is said
that after the age of sixty-two, and from that
to seventy-two, when these gentlemen can per-
form the duties of these offices perfectly well,
they are to be retired ; that no officer after the
age of sixty-two shall be employed in active
service. Now, if such men, after the passage
of this law, are to remain on the retired list,
then if younger men are promoted to the places
which they now occupy, and they should die
to-morrow, there must be promotions in the
Navy to fill the vacancies.
My objection to this amendment is that it
does not allow the privilege of absorbing the
Navy to that extent that all over the age of
sixt.y-two, in case of the death of those who
may be promoted to these positions, cannot
thereafter be employed. It does seem to me
that the President ought to be allowed to
assign these gentleman who have performed
such great and signal service to the Govern-
ment to active duty with full pay. It is true
that under the present law, as I am told, they
only receive $3,000, $2,500, and $2,250, re-
spectively ; but to these sums will be added fifty
per cent, respectively under this amendment,
and they will be prohibited from active duty.
Now, the question is whether it is better for
these officers to receive their pay while they
are not assigned, of $3,000, $2,500, $2,250,
and then have the privilege of being assigned
to active duty, where they are to render it at
full pay at double these prices, or whether
they shall be excepted entirely from being
assigned to those positions, receiving fifty per
cent, in addition to the present half pay they
get.
1 stated the other day casually that it seemed
to me it was reversing the order of things to
provide that during war we were to call these
men over the age of sixty two into active ser-
vice, and that during peace they were not to be
allowed to perform active duty, and therefore
we must increase the pay. Do that, and in a
very short time we shall be told that we have
not sufficient officers for the Navy, but that
they must be increased, that others must be
promoted to these positions of $4,500, $5,000,
and $0,000 ; that they are to receive the pay
instead of these officers who are now retired
and who could be called into active service by
the President.
My objection to this amendment is to that
provision that does not allow the absorption
of these officers who have performed such
signal service to the country, and who when
placed upon active service cannot receive full
pay. I believe that that is an equivalent,
although it may be in some case where they
are not assigned they will not receive the
amount they ought to. But we must remem-
ber that we cannot pension men to quite the
extent we would like.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is reminded that his time has expired.
Mr. CORBETT. There are many soldiers
in the country who are now receiving only
eight dollars per month pension.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire
what became of the motion to amend by striking
out forty and inserting forty-five as the years
of service ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not understand that that motion was
made.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Ceagin] made that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will again report the amendment as it
stands.
