1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1413
The Chief Clerk read the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move to insert the word
"five" after "forty;" so as to read "or who
j&a^be retired after forty-five years' service."
Mr. TRU&BULL. I should like to know
sortie reason why a man who is retired for
feause after forty years' of service is not to
havfe this additional pay.
Mr. CRAGIN. The next provision covers
all the cases that we thought it best td provide
for.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator has not
answered my question.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He provides now that
persons who have served forty-five years and
sre Retired, or who are retired at sixty-twO years
of age, are to have an increase of the retired
pay. Now, will the Senator tell trie whether
si man who is retired after forty ypars of ser-
vice, for a reason, ought not to have that pay ?
Mr. CRAGIN. No man is retired by-law
unless he has served forty-five years or arrived
at the age of sixty-two, unless on the exam-
ination of a board it is found that he has been
disabled or wounded, or rendered unfit for
active duty by sickness and exposure. This
nmehdment applies to all those cases, but if
ttti that examination it is found that a man is
so addicted to intemperance that he is disqual-
ified for further service he is retired, and this
amendment is designed not to meet his case,
and I ascertained by looking at the Register
that some of the officers were retired after
serving forty years on grounds similar to the
one 1 have stated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment. proposed by the
Senator from New Hampshire^, to the amend-
inent made as in Committee ot the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not still under-
stand from tfhat the Senator from New
Hampshire says, why in the very case that he
names the term of service should be increased.
According to ljis amendment now as he has it,
if the word "five" is inserted, the only per-
sons who are to have the benefit of this in-
creased pay as retired officers are those who shall
have served forty five years in the Navy orwho
fire sixty-two years of age when retired, xhat
is his amendment as he has it.
Mr. CRAGIN. No; ask the Secretary to
16 Mr!1" TRUMBULL. Then I will ask the
Secretary to read it again.
Mr. CRAGIN. Read the words that iol-
lows "forty-five years' service."
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Or on attaining the age of sixty-two years, ^con-
formity with section one ot the act )f 1>(icem >e ^
TSfil and its amendments, dated Juno p, loo*,
tho<e who were ur mny be retired from incapacity
Jiultin- from long and faithful service, from wounds
lUld at the time of their retirement.
Mr BAYARD. About four years ago Con-
gress did itself the credit of fixing a retired
pay for the judges of the Federal courts. Ih<
omission to provide tor tbe FedlvlTiudt-
service of many members ot the Fedeia.1.ju
ciary had become a reproach and a dis race
10 our nation. The result was. that when a
bill passed Congress allowing judges ofthe
Fpdpral courts after reaching the age
sevt ty and performing their duty for at least
ten years, to retire upon their full pay, there
scarcely was a dissenting voice among.intelli-
gent men throughout the nation. - 3■ ~
telt that the thing had been done at last vine
W ^Twining to see the length
longe'd before ttT^a^beVermitted to retire
for the poor remnant of their days upon such
"shall give them at least the_ modest
pomforts of respectable life. ' .
enky'nThis country, where private pursuits
are so much more remunerative than public
employment,, is that men of inferior grades
alone are left to fill public offices. There is
that danger to be considered, and the Navy
illustrates the danger as much as civil cases.
I never left in myself the hardships of the
Naval or Army service j bat 1 have bad many
warm and cherished friends who have given
to the service of their country the best years
of their lives. When other men were busily
engaged in the pursuit of private profit, these
men we're giving to tbe country their best
efforts, life itself, Constantly their health ; and
now it is proposed when shattered by old ago
or by wounds and by long service and exposure
they shall have a reasonably proper sum upon
which they may support their families with
modest propriety ; not with extravagance, for
to mention that in connection with the amount
of pay they receive in active service would
be absitrd, but the modest.competence that
seventy-five per cent, of their full pay would
allow to these gentlemen seems to me a most
moderate compensation, and one that I am
satisfied will meet the most hearty assent of the
sensible and reflecting portion of the American
people. ,
I shall therefore regret to see a prolonga-
tion of the term which a man shall have
served before he is entitled to be retired upon
this seventy-five per cent, of bis. iull pay-
Forty years is four times as long for the ser-
vice of the Navy as that you require of your
judge upon the bench. I hope, unless tliere be
some strong reason which has not yet-appeared
to my mind for increasing this term from forty
to forty-five years, that the shorter period will
be retained, and that the Senate will adopt
the original amendment, and adojit it, as has
has been said here, not as an act ot generosity,
but as an act of simple justice, as something
thatisdue to the American people, as it is due
to the officers who are to be the recipients ot
this increased pay. There has been no just
reason given to iny mind why there should be a
discrimination against officers of the Navy as to
their proportion of pay when retired, to othcers
of the Army. On the contrary, though I do
not wish to raise the question between these
two esteemed branches of the public service,
vet if there be a reason why one should have
more than the other, it should certainly apply
to the man who has been, from the very nature
of his employment, separated from his home
and his family so much more m the naval
service than in the Army.
I do not care to prolong the debate, i
merely rose to express my opposition to this
prolongation of the term which a man sha
be obliged to serve before ho can be entitled
to this pay and to express my intention to
support the whole amendment.
Mr. CRAGIN. On reflection, J ask leave
to withdraw the amendment to the amend-
me-nt and let it Hta>n(i &>s't is-
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The Sena-
tor from New Hampshire withdraws the
amendment to the amendment, Ibe Chair is
informed, on looking at the Journal, that the
pending question is not upon agreeing to the
amendment as reported, but upon agreeing to
the amendment to the amendment  r°P°^d
nn Saturday by the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr to strike out the last proviso
of the amendment in respect to the rear ad-
m'Sf!SCRAGIN. As I understood the amend-
ments the amendment, it was to strikeout
the whole in relation to increased pay. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed, and has very good reason to
know, that the amendment to the amendment
wm only to strike out the last proviso, wh.ch
W1Mr.°THU Ilk AN. Was not that amendment
adThedPRESlDlNG OFFICER. The Chair
Informed that it was not; but the pending
that when the Senate ad
jonrned. Pending the question on agreeing to
the reserved amendment, the Senator from
Vermont proposed to amend the amendment
by striking out the last clause, which will now
be reported.
Mr. CONKLING. And upon that motion
the Senate was found without a quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment, to the amendment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment to the
amendment is to strike out the following
words:
question was on
And the rear admirals provided for in the act of
June 5.1872, shall bo considered as haviner been
retired as rear admirals.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will explain very briefly
this last provision. In 1862 the highest, grade
in the Navy was that of captain. Congress
passed a law creating the grades of commo-
dore, rear admiral, &c., and m the same law
authorized the President to select nine reai
admirals on the retired list from the nine
highest captains who had performed the most
distinguished services for their country, the
President selected nine for that purpose ; hve
of them are dead, four remain; Admirals,
Shubrick, Smith, Stringham, and Paulding,
At the last session of Congress we passed an
act authorizing these men hereafter to draw
the half pay of rear admirals; and this pro-
vision of this amendment is to put them in the
same category now with the other officeis if
the pay is increased. They are old men, over
eighty years of age, all of them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As I offered this amend-
ment to the amendment, I desire to say a word
upon it. I have no doubt the effect, of these
words is what the Senator from New Hamp-
shire has stated. These gentlemen wefe re-
tired many years ago on tbe highest grade
then known, in fact higher than any grade
then known down to that time, and their pay
was fixed. Last year, or two years ago—I d<>
not, remember exactly when—we increased
that pay up to the half pay of rear admirals.
Now it is proposed to increase it to three
fourths of the pay of the present rear admirals.
The result of that, as a principle, will be to
commit us to this thing, to entitle all the people
who have been retired, or the widows ot those
who have died, to retired pay and to pensions
upon exactly the same principle, because it
you give it to the living you should give.it to
lbe widows of the dead. I had occasion a
year or two ago, in the Committee on Pensions,
when an application of this very character was
made, to bring up the ancient pension-roll of
retired captains, &c., to the present standard,
and found, on inquiry at the Pension Ofhce,
that it would take, I am not able now to fax
the exact sum, but four or five hundred thou-
sand dollars of back pensions to grade these
people up. Of course the committee, under
the circumstances, felt that it was not their
'duty to give this bonus to favorites which they
were not entitled to under the laws which
existed when the pensions were granted,
The effect of this, if we leave these words
to stand in, will be to commit, us to the prin-
ciple that we are bound every time we change
the pay of the Navy, either on the active
or retired list, to bring up all the arrear-
ages, all the old cases, either of pensions or
otherwise, to the existing standard; to put
the people who went out under existing Jaws,
and their widows and other pensioners, on the
footing of the most favored of the present,
day; and the result of that is that you aie
constantly changing your laws ; you are con-
stantlv doing an injustice to those who come
in under existing laws ; and when you turn
around and undertake to go back again you
are met as we have been met with the state-
ment, "you must not reduce anything; we are
entitled to this now by contract.
Mr. BAYARD. May I ask the Senator
from New Hampshire whether these officers
are not, subject to be called into active service
when the exigencies of the time demand it.
