450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
shall be fixed by the Secretary of Treasury at
the time of appointment, and subject to such
revision as the duties of the office may, from
time to time, require. The superintendents may
nominate such subordinates, clerks, and assist-
ants, and at such rates of compensation, as
shall be approved and established by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. Such superintendents,
before entering upon their duties, shall give
such bonds for the faithful discharge of their
duties as may be approved by the Secretary
of the Treasury.
The nineteenth section provides that it shall
be the duty of superintendents of immigration,
under the direction of the commissioner of
immigration, to provide suitable places for the
reception of passengers upon their arrival,
lease the necessary wharves and piers, ana
lease and erect suitable structures thereon;
receive all immigrants, and superintend their
disembarkation, and the landing of their
effects; make and preserve an accurate regis-
try of the name, age, occupation, birth-place,
last legal residence, and the present destination
of each ; protect them against imposition and
fraud, and aid such as desire, in obtaining
employment; provide, at the expense of the
vessel, for the immediate and temporary ne-
cessities of those who arrive destitute ; and
furnish such information and facilities as will
enable immigrants to proceed to their respect-
ive places of destination in the cheapest and
most expeditious manner ; and to enable them
to make contracts and other suitable arrange-
ments with railroad and transportation com-
panies for their conveyance, upon the most
advantageous terms, specifying particularly
that comfortable and commodious cars shall in
all cases be provided, and that immigrant trains
shall be run at the average rate of no less than
sixteen miles p6r hour, and without unneces-
sary detention, and that managers, officers, and
agents shall pay due regard to the safety, health,
and comfort of immigrants, as herein provided.
And superintendents of immigration or other
officers authorized to perform such duties may
issue permits to Suitable persons to convey
passengers from vessels, by barge or other-
wise, to the wharves of the landing depots,
and issue permits to persons who may have
proper ana legitimate business connected with
the landing or forwarding of immigrants, the
conveyance of their luggagfe, and other pur-
poses of necessity and convenience; and no
person shall be permitted to engage in any
business connected with the landing or for-
warding of immigrants, or to solicit immigrants
for any pftrpose whatever except upon the
written permit and license of the superintend-
ent of immigration aforesaid, or of other offi-
cers authorized thereto.
The twentieth section provides that the rail-
way companies who may be desirous of carry-
ing or forwarding immigrant passengers shall
file with the Commissioner of immigration
sufficient bonds Tor the faithful compliance
with the provisions of this act; they shall
furnish proper passenger-cars, provided with
a stove and fire, when needed, and with a sup-
ply Of clean water for drinking and washing,
and with suitable water-closets and propel
ventilation. All competing lines of railways
that have furnished proper bonds shall be
allowed to sell tickets over their lines, but not
to places which would take immigrants by more
expensive, circuitous, and unusual routes.
Steamboats (except ferry-boats) and canal-
boats shall furnish the same accommodations
to immigrant passengers, as to space and food,
as ocean steamers. If any railway or other
transportation company shall be convicted of
the violation of this act, and shall, continue to
offend, the Secretary of the Treasury, upon
application by the commissioner of immigra-
tion, may revoke the license of such transport-
ation company to carry such immigrants, or
to sell tickets within the inclosures provided
for the landing of immigrants.
The twenty-first section provides that in all
ports where no superintendent of immigration
is stationed the duties thereof shall be dis-
charged by the collector of customs, or such
other officer as may be designated by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
The twenty-second section provides that
contracts made in a foreign country for the
transportation of immigrant passengers to in-
terior portions of the United States shall be
illegal unless stamped by the superintendent
of immigration; but said superintendent shall
stamp the same if it appears that said con-
tracts are to the advantage of the immigrant.
If said contracts are to the disadvantage of
immigrants said superintendent shall pros-
ecute the parties who attempt to act under
them, and the penalty for the violation of the
provisions of this section shall be a fine not
exceeding $500 for such offense.
The twenty-third section provides that it
shall be unlawful to land in the United States
any person who has been convicted of an
infamous crime, or who has been in a State
prison for other than political offenses, or who
has been pardoned or released on condition
that he should emigrate to the United States.
Said persons may be taken in custody, if
prima facie evidence exists, until their char-
acter may be ascertained ; and said criminals
shall be returned to their own country at the
expense of the vessel that brought the same,
and under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, and the vessel, master, owner,
or agent shall forfeit, as a special penalty,
$500 for each offense.
The twenty-fourth section provides that the
superintendents of immigration shall every
three months subibit to the commissioner of
immigration a detailed report of foreign immi-
gration and the operation of his office, and
the collector of customs shall render an
account of all the moneys received by him
under the provisions of this act.
The twenty-fifth section provides that the
said commissioner of immigration shall have
power to enter into a contract, with the con-
sent of the Secretary of the Treasury, with
any existing State commission or Stale author-
ity to take charge of the local affairs of im-
migration in said port, under the rules and
regulations prescribed by the said commis-
sioner of immigration, based upon the pro-
visions of this act.
The twenty-sixth section provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury may in his discre-
tion, and under such conditions as he shall
deem just and proper, discontinue any pros-
ecutions or remit or modify any fines or penal-
ties provided for in this act under such rules
and regulations as he may prescribe.
The twenty-seventh and last section pro-
vides that this act shall go into effect sixty
days after its passage; but the commissioner
of immigration and other officers and clerks
may be appointed before that time. And so
much of the act entitled "An act to regulate
the carriage of passengers in steamships and
other vessels," approved March 3, 1855, as is,
an'd all other acts and parts of acts, in so far
as they are inconsistent with the provisions or
this act, are hereby repealed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Conger] is entitled to the
floor, but before he proceeds the Chair would
inform the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] that there does not seem to be a record
on the Journal of points of order having been
reserved. The Chair has a remembrance that
when the bill was introduced the gentleman
froip. New York said something about a point
of or,der, but there seems to be no record of
it, and even if there were, when the bill was
recommitted and brought back on a motion
to reconsider the point of order would not
attach unless it had been then reserved.
Mr. WOOD. I hope that hereafter unani-
mous consent will be very carefully given.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman himself
has the power over that.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to occupy the time
of the House for a little time only in inviting
the attention of the House to the subject of
this bill. The last census showed that there
are now living of immigrants who have come
to this country in all about eight million per-
sons ; and that of the descendants born in
this country of those who were immigrants
there were fully ten million persons, making
in all eighteen or twenty millions of people,
either directly immigrants into the country or
immediate descendants of immigrants; almost
one half of the entire population of the United
States. And they are receiving, of their rela-
tives and friends and neighbors from different
countries of the Old World, accretions to our
population amounting to almost half a million
persons per year. Between four and five
hundred thousand immigrants every year that
rolls on come to this country to make it their
home and to dwell here and become citizens
among us. Among the steerage immigrant
passengers there has been on an average over
four hundred thousand per year for thefcist few
years ; and if we add thousands not reported,
and cabin passengers, we may safely conclude
that there are five hundred thousand people
that come from the Old World to seek a home
among us every year.
Now there is not, probably, any interest in
the United States so vast in its effects upon
our growth, our prosperity, our morals, our
culture, and our education, as this. And yet
there is no subject which has received so little
attention from the authorities of the United
States, from the beginning of our Govern-
ment until now, as this subject of immigra-
tion. There have been scattering laws enacted
from time to time, imperfect, insufficient, almost
useless, to prescribe the accommodations that
are given by ships bringing immigrants to our
country.
Why, Mr. Speaker, tl^ere has been more
time taken up in this House in providing for
the comfort and security of cattle transported
from one of'our States to another in railroad cars
and in boats, to add to their comfort, than has
ever been taken by Congress in all its action,
as far as I can find, to protect and promote the
interests of this annual accretion of five hun-
dred thousand human souls that come to be
citizens of our Republic.
The attention of Congress has been repeat-
edly called to this subject by messages from
the Executive. The present Executive called
the especial attention of this Congress to the
necessity of some legislation in behalf of im-
migrants in his annual message at the com-
mencement- of this Congress. This bill was
prepared by the Secretary of the Treasury in
its main features, after he had sent to Europe
a special agent instructed to examine the mode
of transport and the accommodations and con-
veniences furnished to immigrants on the
voyage. That agent went himself from Bremen
to Liverpool on board a vessel in which immi-
grants passed from one port to the other, in
order to see how immigrants were treated in
the vessels that brought them by hundreds and
thousands in a vessel to this country. If the
full details of the manner in which immigrants
are and may be treated on their passage from
their old homes to their new homes in this
New World—if all the shocking details could
be spread before the House and the country, a
voice would come up to the Representatives
of every district in this land requiring atten-
tion to this subject earnestly and devotedly,
until some remedy might be prescribed for the
evils, the annoyances, and the immorality that
attend the immigration of foreigners to this
country. I do not propose here and now to
dwell upon them.
This bill has been before members for almost
a year. It was introduced last March; the first
print was exhausted, and it was reprinted;
copies have been sent to almost all of the
leading newspapers of the United States, and
I have bundles and bundles of the comments
