me.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
42d Cong....3d
Washington Monument—llejjort.
Ho. of Reps.
submitted, as well with each other as with an
ideal standard of excellence."
It embraces the. idea of a grand circular
colonnaded building, two hundred and fifty feet
in diameter and one hundred feet high, from
which springs an obelisk shaft, seventy feet
square at the base and five hundred feet
high.
This vast rotunda, forming the base,, was
to have been surrounded by thirty columns
of massive proportions, surmounted by an
entablature twenty feet high, and crowned by a
massive balustrade fifteen feet in height. The
obelisk shaft rising from the pantheon dimin-
ished in size to forty feet square at its apex.
An elaborate description of the whole design
is given in report No. 48 of the second session
of this Congress. The committee, however,
find that the pantheon or base surrounding the
obelisk is not necessary to the completion of
the obelisk itself, and need not now be con-
sidered.
The completion of the shaft may be accom-
plished without reference to this elaborate and
expensive pantheon, and it is recommended
that the completion of the obelisk alone should
be undertaken, leaving the matter of con-
structing the pantheon to be determined in the
future if it should ever become necessary.
This rich and massive shaft, though simple
and plain, would be a noble monument, worthy
the sublime character which it is designed to
testify.
Within thisobelisk,and atappropriate places
on the inner surface, past which the circular
stairway leading to the top is constructed, are
niches in which are to be placcd the blocks of
marble, stone, and other material which have
been contributed by the States and Territories
of the Union, by foreign Governments, and by
societies in this country and elsewhere. These
embrace some beautiful tributes to the memory
of Washington, and have been sent to the soci-
ety from almost every civilized country in the
world. Switzerland, Rom.e, Bremen, Turkey,
Greece, China, Japan, and other countries,
have united to do honor to our Washington.
The Masonic societies and order of Odd Pel-
lows, fire companies, children of the public
schools of the country, some of the Indian
nations, have made contributions that should
be placed in their appropriate niches as per-
petual testimonials of the grateful affection in
which the memory of the Father of his Country
is cherished.
Inspired by these evidences of appreciation
for this noble work, lofty as they were pure,
the society determined to commence the erec-
tion of the monument.
On the 4th of July, 1848, the corner-stone
was laid in the presence of the President,
the Vice President, Senators, Representatives,
heads of Departments, the judiciary, and del-
egations from all quarters of the Union, and in
about six years the obelisk had reached the
height of ono hundred and seventy feet, at a
cost of $230,000, being the amount of collec-
tions and interest on investments from the
origin of the society.
The foundations were laid eighty-one feet
square, and eight feet below the surface of
the ground, and the shaft rests upon twenty-
five feet of solid masonry. It commences
at the height of seventeen and a half feet
above the ground ; is fifty-five feet square at
the base, as finally determined upon, and is
cased with marble walls fifteen feet thick, leav-
ing a cavity of twenty-five feet, to be ascended
by stairs within, and by machinery.
In 1854 the funds being exhausted, and all
efforts to obtain further means having proved
abortive, the society presented a memorial to
Congress, representing that they were unable
to devise any plan likely to succeed, and under
the circumstances asked that Congress might
take such action as it deemed proper. The
memorial was referred in the House of Rep-
resentatives to a select committee of thirteen
members, of which committee Hon. Henry
May, of Maryland, was chairman.
On the 22d of February, 1855, Mr. May,
from the select committee, made an eloquent
and able report, in which, after a careful ex-
amination of the whole subject, the proceed-
ings of the society were reviewedand approved,
and an appropriation of $200,000 by Congress
recommended "on behalf of the people of
the United States, to aid the funds of the
society;" this being the sum which the House
of Representatives in 1801 had voted for a
mausoleum to Washington.
The report of Mr. May was brought before
the House under most auspicious circum-
stances, but an unfortunate occurrence at the
time, resulting in a change of the management,
and the temporary control of the society by
rival aspirants, resulted in the defeat of the
measure. All progress toward the completion
of the monument ceased during this contest
for the control of the society.
This change in the management demon-
strated the difficulty of managing the affairs of
the society by a voluntary association, con-
sisting of members in all parts of the Union,
and an application was accordingly made to
Congress for a charter, which was granted on
the 22d of February, 1859, and was approved
by the President on the 26th of the month,
" incorporatingthe Washington National Mon-
ument Society."
Since the year 1854 but four feet have been
added to the obelisk, so that its present height
is one hundred and seventy-four feet.
Some question has been made as to the
security of the foundations, and the committee
caused an examination to be made upon this
point. The chief of engineers was called upon
to detail an officer to make an examination
and report. His report is appended hereto,
and shows that no perceptible change has
taken place since the monument was raised
to its present height. Upon this question the
engineer officer says:
" My examination has failed to show any import-
ant changes in the condition of the shaft or in the
foundation." * * * * * * *
"All questions as to the stability of the shaft
itself have been answered by Lieutenant Ives, in
whose conclusions I concur."
The committee call attention to the report
made at the second session of the Thirty-Third
Congress, report No. 94, in which the com-
mittee making the report say of the monument
that "its foundations are deeply, broadly, and
securely laid, and are sufficient to support the
entire superstructure."
Later, and after Congress had incorporated
the present socicty, another examination was
made by an officer of the topographical engin-
eers, Lieutenant Ives, referred to by Lieu-
tenant Marshall. He made a careful explora-
tion, and on August 10, 1859, reported that
the strength of the material of which the obe-
lisk was to bo composed was thoroughly tested
before the m'onument was commenced, that
the marble was found to be able to bear, with-
out crushing, a pressure more than fifteen
times greater than it would be subjected to in
any part of the structure. He says :
"If raised to the height of sixftundred feet, the
weight of the shaft, together with the foundation,
will be a little more than seventy thousand tons.
The weight of the portion now built is more than
forty thousand tons. For five years, therefore, dur-
ing which the work has been suspended, the foun-
dation has been bearing about four sovonths of the
pressure that it will ultimately bo required to sus-
tain, and in a recent examination I was unable to
detect any appearance of settling or indication of
insecurity. .
"As the question has been raised, whether.the
height of six hundred feet can be attained without
endangering the stability of the obelisk, a compu-
tation is herewith subjoined, from which it would
appear that, without taking into consideration the
adhesion of the mortar, the weight alone of the
structure would offer a resistance nearly eight times
greater than the overturning effort of the heaviest
tempest to which it would probably ever be ex-
posed. The pressure due to the force of the wind is
taken at five hundred and seven pounds per super-
ficial yard. This pressure, aocordmg to Mr. Fresnel,
corresponds to a veloeity that' oxoeedsby one ninth
the velocity of the greatest storms mentioned in
the annual of the bureau of longitude.'"
This examination and report, together with
that made by Lieutenant Marshall, appended
to this report, the committee deem sufficient
to warrant the conclusion that there is no
ground for the fear which has been expressed
as to the security of the foundations.
An opinion has also obtained some credence
that the funds of the society, though consid-
erably increased from year to year, are ab-
sorbed in the payment of sinecures. The
committee have had before them the accounts
of the society from its organization to the
present time, which will be found given in
detail in report No. 48 of the second session
of the present Congress. It will there be
found that the society has no salaried officers
connected with it. Their services have been
gratuitous, and they are much to be com-
mended for their faithfulness and their patri-
otic zeal in this great work. There are less
than fourteen thousand dollars, funds of the
society, in the hands of the treasurer, most of
which are invested in interest-bearing secur-
ities. The only receipts, for years past, have
been from boxes at the Smithsonian and
Patent Office, and small contributions from
visitors to the monument, averaging about
five hundred dollars per annum.
The only employ6s of the society now receiv-
ing pay are a watchman at Monument place,
at one dollar and a half per diem, and a mes-
senger for the office of the society, at four
dollars per month.
The funds of the society, as has been stated,
are about fourteen thousand dollars, a greater
part of which was contributed at a single elec-
tion in California in 1860 by contributions at
the polls.
California, by its Legislature, voted $1,000
annually until the monument is completed,
but the money has not yet been paid to the
society.
The Legislature of New York in 1871 appro-
priated $10,000 as a contribution to the Wash-
ington National Monument Society, con-
ditioned upon enough money being raised to
give a reasonable prospect of completing the
obelisk'or shaft. The States of New Jersey
and Minnesota have, as the committee are
informed, voted, the former $3,000 and the
latter $2,000, to be paid on a similar condi-
tion. Other States have also pending before
the Legislatures similar propositions.
In reference to the estimated cost of com-
pleting the obelisk, the committee have been
unable to obtain accurate data. In the report
of the select committee, made to the House in
1855, it was estimated that the sum of $322,000
would be needed to complete the shaft. The
secretary of the society adds to this amount
fifty per cent, as his estimate for this purpose.
The committee are satisfied that the increased
cost of material and labor since 1855 cannot
safely be estimated at less than one hundred
per cent., so that the cost of completing the
obelisk alone will not be far from $650,000,
to which may be added $50,000 to cover the
expense of making a suitable base, something
after the plan recommended by Lieutenant
Marshall in his report appended hereto. It
would therefore be safe to estimate the cost of
finishing the monument at $700,000, and the
committee are satisfied that if sufficient funds
are raised for the purpose the monument can
be completed by the 4th of July, 1876.
In considering the question as to what
action Congress should take in this matter
three views were presented :
First. Shall the responsibility for the com-
