1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
of th* press of almost every State of the Union
tailing upon Congress to pass a law which
shall in some manner mitigate the evils, the <
sufferings, the inflictions which are placed
upon our brethrvn who are coming to dwell
among u« from day to day and from year to
year. If the members of this House are not
familiar with this subject; if the message of
ihe President at the commencement of this
Congress, and his special message sent in just
before Congress adjourned at its last session,
urging legislation upon this subject, have not
H akened the attention of members of the
House, and induced them to examine the pro-
visions of this bill, which was prepared bv the
Secretary of the Treasury, and which the
Committee on Commerce instructed me to re-
port. aoy remarks which I may be able to
make will fail to do so.
Now, Mr. Sbeaker, I have stated the num-
ber of foreign-born citizens ami their immedi-
ate descendants in this country to day at nearly
ha'.f the population of our country. I have
suted that there are coming to this country
yearly of those who are enumerated as steer-
age paasengen, of those who come as cabin
passengers, and of those who come singly and
without baggage, five hundred thousand per-
sons. I think I do not overestimate the num-
ber. Tbey come here to be citizens. The im-
migration to this country is the most marvel-
ous of any immigration to any country or any
immigration from any country since civiliza-
tion aud history have made a record in the
world. Immigrants come to this country as
individuals: they come by families; they come
by neighborhoods; they come in little col-
onies , they settle on one part and on another
of our domain; they gather in our cities;
they spread themselves upon our farms as
laborers: they fill oar workshops; and I call
the attention of gentlemen to the statistics of
the vast number of skilled laborers that an-
nually come here to add to the skilled produc- ,
tious of oar country in ail the varied branches !
of labor and industry. I have not time to
dwell upon these statistics in the opening re-
marks which I propose to make now, but I
call the attention of gentlemen to the retarna
in the census report as to the nunber of actual
living foreign-born citizens in each State and
each Territory in this Union. The number
took me by surprise. Why, sir. there is not a
gentleman on this floor who does not represent
a district having to-day from seven and eight
to over fifty per cent, of foreign-born popula-
tion resident in it. In some of the districts
more than ooe half of the population are for-
eign-born ; while in no district is there less
than from seven to eight per cent. I call
attention to the following statement showing
the number of the foreign-born population in
each State and Territory.
Now, assuming that of their descendants
there are as many, and that will show to each
gentleman the number of foreign-born popula-
tion that he represents here, and who, remem-
bering the annoyances, the troubles, the diffi-
culties, the injuries, and the ingults they re-
ceived while on their passage from their old
homes in the Old World to their homes in the
New World, are calling upon him for relief.
And yet with all these annoyances, with all ,
these hinderances, subjected to such annoy-
ances and inconveniences as no man would
dare to subject his wife, sister, daughter, or
young children to—still they come to this
country by hundreds, by thousands, and by '
the half million each year. Kuowing before-
hand the troubles through which they must
pass, and the difficulties which they must en-
counter, yet these people com* by the half
million a year through this valley of the 1
shadow of de^th from their old homes to find
homes for themselves and their children in ,!
the New World. Now shall we not make that |
passage easier, more comfortable, more re-
spectable, in order that their conveniente,
their comfort, their morals, and their virtue
may be protected by the laws of the land, as
for as may be, in this fearful passage across
the ocean T
I have heard it said thftt the perils of a sea
voyage with its annoyances and inconveniences,
are so great in the estimation of those who seek
a passage in the cabins of even our best ocean
steamers that they dread to make the voyage.
What, then, must be the passage when made
between the decks of a vessel, where the room is
so small and the accommodations are so limited
that one half of the immigrants, who are stowed
away in the holds of those vessels, are, from
necessity, compelled to occupy their berths
through the whole of the twenty-four hours, in
order that the other half may be able to pass
along the narrow passages between those berths.
There is no ventilation, or very imperfect ven-
tilation ; males and females, families and
strangers, are mixed up together, promiscu-
ously, as they ^o down into the dark passages
to deposit their straw beds in the berths,
which is the only evidence they have of their
right to claim them daring the voyage. Unpro-
tected females are put in these places without
protection against annoyances aud insults and
attempts of bad men upon their virtue, and
who seek them out on the passage.
If I could, ay, Mr. Speaker, if I dared,
detail to this House the experiences which
have been brought to ray knowledge, and the
observations which others have made upon the
imperfect system which prevails even in our
best vessels for the transportation of immi-
grants, I should transcend the bounds permit-
ted to me as regards the subject-matter and
the language which I might use. I make this
allusion in order to call the attention of others
to the subject.
J will not dwell longer upon this branch of
the subject. It seems to me that no man in this
House dare resist the passage of a bill that
will better the condition of a half million of
people that come to this country each year to
be our brothers aud sisters, and to be citizens
in this New World. It seems to me that an
ordinary view of that subject would call upon
every member representing districts into which
these immigrants come for their homes to do
all that can be ilone by proper legislation to
bring this whole subject within the control of
law.
The reading of the bill, and I trust members
have all read it, (for the substitute is merely
for the purpose of making verbal corrections
and to add a single section,) I think should
recommend it to the favorable consideration
of members. The additional section is one
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
remit fines and penalties, or to modify them,
and to close prosecutions, if in his judgment
he thinks it proper to do so. Otherwise the
substitute is the same as the bill on the tables
of members. It would, perhaps, astonish
many here to be told the number of foreign-
born citizens living in each State and in each
district. If they will turn to the census report
of population, where on a chart the amount
of foreign population per square mile is ex-
hibited by the shading, they will see that a
vast proportion of our population is foreign
born.
There are several ports of the United States
to which principally immigrants have come.
The greatest number have come to the port
of New York. The number arriving there is
probably about seven-tenths of the whole. The
next largest number arriving during one year
have arrived at Port Huron, in the State of
Michigan, the number being about 50,000
per annum. The next largest number arrived
at Boston and Charlestown, in Massachusetts.
I will give the arrivals for one year. Dur-
ing the year 1870 there arrived at the port
of New York more than 227,000 immigrants;
at Port Huron, 45,166 ; at the ports of Boston
and Charlestown, 31,804; at the port of Pas-
samaquoddy, 21,671; at the port of Sari Fran-
cisco, 12,784; and at the port of Baltimore,
9,384. This statement embraces the largest
of the ports at which immigrants arrive. All
those who come by the St. Lawrence route,
bound for the western or northwesten States
and Territories, go by rail on the Grand Trunk
and Great Western railroad, and arrive in the
United States at Port Huron, Michigan. It
is on this account that so large a number of
immigrants arrive there. During the quarter
commencing July 1, 1872, over 21,000 immi-
grants arrived at Port Huron ; and during the
last quarter some 0,000, making about 30,000
arriving in one half year at Port Huron.
Mr. Speaker, some lines of transportation
make much better provision for the accommo-
dation of immigrants than others, aird among
these are the vessels seeking the St. Lawrence.
This fact has led immigrants to avoid as far as
possible other lines of transportation, and
consequently the immigration by the St. Law-
rence has very largely increased. There are
proper accommodations perhaps on some ves-
sels, but there is no law which regulates the
subject. And here I desire to call the atten-
tion of members to the fact that no State has
power to make any law or regulation whatever
in regard to vessels carrying emigrants from
foreign ports to this country. This is my
answer in advance to the objection which my
friend from New York [Mr. Wood] will make
to the passage of a law by Congress taking
this subject of immigration under the authority
of the General Government.
A State may, as New York has done, as
perhaps Massachusetts has done, as Michigan
or any other State may do, provide protection
for imm igrants when they arrive upon its shores;
and I wish to say in advance that much credit is
due to the State of New York and to the im-
migrant commission there for the manner in
which they have provided for the vast number
of immigrants who have come to this country.
And I desire to say in this connection that this
has been not only a work of charity on the
part of the people of New York, but that this
charity, unlike many other charities, has been
accompanied by a vast accumulation of dol-
lars and cents beyond the expenditures neces-
sary to take care of the immigrants. Two
dollars and fifty cents per head has been
until a recent date the charge upon every one
of the millions of immigrants who have come
to this country through the port of New York,
and this money has all gone into the coffers
of the emigrant commission of the State of
New York. I venture to say that the fnnd
derived in this way has been large enough,
not only to support the pauper immigrants,
but to erect buildings which have cost mil-
lions of dollars, and to pay a large part of the
pauper expenses of the Empire State.
Mr. COX. I think justice to the commis-
sion to which the gentleman refers requires
he .should state that at their special request this
tax of $2 50 was reduced to $1 50.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman only antici-
pates me a moment. I almost always come
to the right point; but, 1 thank the gentleman
for urging me forward to it.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I hope the gentle-
man will give the facts and figures to support
his assertions when he makes charges against
those gentlemen.
Mr. CONGER. The gentlemen who oppose
tliis bill will have ample opportunity to present,
their views to the House.
Now, sir, 1 have stated that until recently,
on all immigrants coming from foreign lands
to this country the State of New York has
charged $2 50 per head on every immigrant
coming to the United States through that port.
Recently, within the past year, that has been
reduced to $1 50 per head, as it is now. I
venture to tay, seven tenths, if not eight
tenths of all the immigrants arriving in the
city of New York leave that city and leave
that State within from twenty-four to forty-
eight hours after they landed there, and pass off
to other States which are their final destina-
tion : and yet the vessels bringing them to that
port," by the laws of New York, have been
compelled to pay heretofore $2 50 for every
