1416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
shall not concur in this amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole, for, as I have
stated, it is a direct effort to take from the
Treasury money which under existing laws,
ten years ago, was paid into the Treasury as
prize money, and which now makes the naval
pension fund—to take money out of that fund
and pay it to officers who were constructively
engaged in taking prizes, when by law at the
time the prizes were taken they were not en-
titled to prize money at all, but their fellow-
officers and fellow-sailors were entitled to it,
and it was distributed to them. It is to go
back, in fact, and readjust all prize moneys—
that is the principle of it—upon (he principles
of existing law, and to pay it out of the Treas-
ury. I hope the Senate will not take any such
fatal step as that.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is to go back and dis-
tribute the prize money precisely in the way
in which it was decided that prize money ought
to be distributed, and I am surprised that my
friend from Vermont should speak of the
chief of a division in a fight as a man who is
constructively present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There was no fight.
Mr. ANTHONY. You might as well say
that the General-in-Chief of the Army is con-
structively present when a battle is fought.
Mr. ALCORN. I appear in my place in
Ihe Senate for the purpose of announcing the
fact that 1 am paired with the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Vickbrs,] who, if he were here,
would vote "nay," and L should vote "yea,"
on this amendment. We are sitting upon a
committee that has leave to sit during the
sessions of the Senate. The Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Fremnchuykex] is also absent,
as is the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Tiiurman.]
They wish it understood that they are also
paired. It, is understood that these pairs are
to continue on amendments that may beoffered.
The question being taken by yeas and tiays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 21; as follows :
YHAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Cameron,
('handler, Clayton. Cooklin^, Oragin, Ferry of Con-
iieotu'ut. Ferry of Michigan. Klanaffan, liauilin,
Hill, Lewis, Nye, Ramsey, llico, Sawyer, and Stock-
ton—It).
NAirS—Ames, Cole, Corbott, Dayis, Ed-
mund,s, Fenton, Hamilton of Maryland, ilitoheoek,
Kelly, Machoii, Morrill of Vermont, Pratt, Robert-
son, S.tulsbury. Schurz, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague,
Stewart. Trunilmll, and Wilson--21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Urownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Oasserly, Cooper,
FrehnghuyKcn, Gilbert, Uoldthwaito, Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan, Howe, Johnston, Lojnin, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson, Pome-
io>, Pool, Hansom. Scott, Stevenson, Sumner,
Thnrman, Tipton, Viekers, West, Window. and
Wright—33.
So the amendment v/as non-concurred in.
Mr. NYE. I desire to offer an amendment
to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The Chair will suggest
that there are two more reserved amendments,
and the Secretary will report the first of those
reserved amendments.
The Chief Clerk read the next reserved
amendment, which was on page 1-1, line three
hundred and thirty-three, alter the word " dol-
lars" to insert:
Provided, That nothing; in existing laws shall bo
construed to prevent the appointment of retired
officers of the Navy over sixty-two 3 ears to active
duty in any bureau of the Navy Department.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next reserved amendment was on page
7, after line one hundred and thirty seven, to
insert the following:
For the purchase of the right to manufacture and
use the best self-propelling torpedo-boats, or the
best self-propelling submerged torpedo, capable of
being guided and operated from a vessel, boat, or
the shore, SloO/KJO, or so much thereof as may be
necessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on concurring in the amendment; and
declared that, the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for a division.
Mr. ANTHONY. That was a eompromiss.
We all agreed upon that.
Mr. CRAGIN. And it was recommended
by the Committee on Appropriations
Mr. ANTHONY. We took the amend-
ment of the Senator from California, [Mr.
Casserly,] and all agreed to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Debate is
not in order during ,1 division of the Senate.
The question being again put, there were
on a division—ayes nineteen.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the other side
will give it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is sug-
gested that the opposition to this amendment
be given up, and it be declared to be carried
in the affirmative. Is there objection ?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object. I should
like to have the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to say that in
the opinion of the Navy Department and in
the opinion of the Naval Committee this is
one of the most important provisions in the
bill, and I certainly understood, after it had
been amended on the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from California, that it was agreed to by
the whole Senate. I-think Senators who are
voting in the negative have forgotton the
amendment that was made to meet their ob-
jections.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I heard
the amendment read, and while it may have
been assented to by the honorable Senator
from California that that, so far as he was con-
cerned , should be final, I by no means con-
sented to it. I know all about the amendment,
and I am just as much opposed to this propo-
sition now as I was before the amendment to
it offered by the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This is a proposition in
the direction of economy. These torpedo-
boats will supersede a great deal of the ex-
pensive apparatus that the Navy Department
would otherwise be forced into the use of if
these experiments were not continued ; and
they are experiments; they are developed
facts.- They are in the direction of the highest
developed military science; they are prac-
tical. We have twenty or thirty officers at all
times being instructed in the use and the
manipulation of that which we are now about
to purchase. We propose to purchase to-day
that, which has developed to an extent beyond
anything heretofore known in the world except
the United States. It is believed that this
torpedo system will supersede the necessity
for the erection of expensive structures as fort-
ifications, and also for expensive and mam
moth ships in the Navy. I think that a pros-
ecution of this system will serve to blow up
not only an enemy, should he appear, but
much that has become fossil and useless in the
American Navy. I trust therefore that the
Senate will concur in this amendment ruade
in committee.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I am not
objecting to the attainment of the end sought
by the honorable Seuator from Rhode Island.
I object to the character and the terms of the
proposition before us. I do not like the man-
ner in which it is submitted to the Senate. I
think there is something behind it. I do not
know anything about it, but I would prefer it
in another shape if it is to be passed at all.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 do not know any-
thing about the necessity for these torpedoes,
but I do know that there is a necessity to
restrict the expenditures of this Government.
When the bill to increase the Navy by the
construction of eight vessels was before the
Senate we were told that the construction of
those vessels was deemed necessary for the
defense of the country and the defense of our
commerce ; and yet in the course of the dis-
cussion on this proposition the other day we
were told that virtually our ships are useless,
and that torpedoes are to become the defense
of the American coast. If we go 011 at this
rate, multiplying the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment for naval purposes and other pur-
poses, where are we to stop ? It may be true
that these torpedoes are necessary and proper
as instruments of defense; but unless we stop
expenditures somewhere the expenses of this
Government will reach a point which the
people of this country cannot well sustain.
I do not know but that torpedoes may be a
proper means of defense, but let us commence
on a more humble scale than an appropriation
of $150,000 for experiment. The appropria-
tions for the naval service this year I suppose
will reach over $20,000,000, more than they
have been in any year since the war, per-
haps. I think this expenditure is in amount
unnecessary. I should be willing to vote for
a more restricted amount, but I cannot con-
sent to vote $150,000 for the purchase of the
right to use a torpedo-boat. That is what it
amounts to ; and as has been intimated by
my friend from Maryland, I do not know but,
that some man is to be benefited far more
than the Navy of the country. Therefore I
shall vote against it.
Mr. NYE. There are regular avenues opened
up from which are obtained infox-mation as a
general thing. Matters that pertain to naval
affairs are submitted to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and I do not know what the
Senator from Maryland and the Senator from
Delaware mean when tbev say they see some-
thing behind this that is portentous. That
committee, barring myself, are men of full
ordinary intelligence, and will compare with
either of the Senators who made that sugges-
tion. Waiving my own presence on that com-
mittee, I stand here to say for the rest that
they have investigated this subject most thor-
oughly. I do not know by what kind of mental
process men arrive at such conclusions as wo
have just heard announced. I have never seen
on the Naval Committee any eat under the
meal. That is not the way that committee do
business. They procure their information
from the head of the Navy Department and
from old and experienced officers ; they draw
it from legitimate sources ; and I, for one, do
not like to be told that we have got something
behind the curtain that is frightful.
Now, sir, it is perfectly obvious that torpe-
does have become the great elementof defense.
When we made the appropriation to build
ships, alluded to by the honorable Senator
from Delaware, it meant just what it said,
ships to patrol the ocean, ships to protect our
commerce everywhere. It did not mean har-
bor defense. Those ships are not to be built
for that purpose at all, but the little torpedoes
that this amendment looks to using will be
more potent for that service than any of those
ships. I hope, therefore, that this amend-
ment will be adopted. It is recommended
both by the Committee on Naval Affairs and
the Committee on Appropriations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 9 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Cam-
eron, Oasserly, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling,
Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Ferry ot' Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbert,
Goldthwaite, Hamlin, Hill, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Pool. Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer, Spen-
cer, Sprague, West, Wilson, and Windom—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Cooper,Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Machen, Pratt, Robert-
son, Saulsbury, and Tipton—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Davis, Fieling-
huysen, Harlan, Hitchcock, Howe, Johnston, Logan,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norwood, Osborn, Pat-
terson, Poineroy, Ransom, Schurz, Scott, Sherman,
Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thurm.tn,
Trumbull, Viekers, and Wright—31.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate and still open to amend-
ment.
Mr, NYE. I offered an amendment on
Saturday evening which was rejected $ but I
