1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1417
have changed it in form, and I presume there
will now be no objection to it. I move, after
i e/. „e *}un(lred and thirty-three, to insert
the following :
Provided, That the chief of the Bureau of Steam
Jingmeermg may be appointed from the list of en-
gineer officers having the relative rank of cantain
or commander in the Navy.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion IS on agreeing to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Is that amendment in
order under the rule?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen
ator from Rhode Island raises the question
that the amendment is not in order under the
new rule.
Mr. NYE. I think it is. It simply defines
the manner of selecting this officer. If the
•Senator from Rhode Island will give rae his
attention for a moment I will tell him what
the amendment means. There is nothing
under the meal. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let the Presiding Officer
decide the question.
Mr. NYE. I want to go slowly. Will the
Senator from Rhode Island withdraw his
objection for a moment?
Mr. SPRAGUE. No.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair,
of course, is not extremely familiar with the
rules ; but in the opinion of the Chair the
amendment is not in order. The language of
the rule is :
"No amendment to any such bill making legis-
lative provisions, other than such as directly relate
to the appropriations contained in the bill, shall be
received."
In the connection in which the amendment
is offered, the Chair is unable to find any
appropriation for the salary of the chief of the
Bureau of Steam Engineering, and unless
some provision for his salary is in the bill, the
Chair is of opinion that the amendment is not
in order. If there is any such thing in the
bill, the Chair will be obliged to any Senator
to point it out to him.
Mr. NYE. I am sorry to be obliged to
appeal from the decision of the Chair, but I
must do it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada appeals from the decision
of the Chair ; and the question is, "Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the Senate?"
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, the law provides
for the selection of the chief of the Bureau of
Steam Engineering from a certain number of
engineers, the first ten on the list. In all of
the other bureaus they have fifteen to choose
from. Now, I desire to show the Senate in
one minute, and I think I shall show the
Chair in that time, that there exists a neces-
sity for this legislation. There are but five
engineers out of the first ten who would be at
all eligible ; five of them are old men and in-
capable of performing the service. Then the
selection must be made from five ; but if you
run down to the next five in the list you have
some of the best engineers of the Department;
but as the law stands now thev cannot be
reached. There exists an imperative neces-
sity for this amendment. It does not make
any appropriation, but simply allows the Sec-
retary of the Navy five more engineers from
which to choose than he has under the law as
it now stands. In the other bureau they have
fifteen to choose from; in this one, ten. I
hope, therefore, that my amendment will be
adopted by the Senate, and that the decision
of the Chair will be overruled.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I move to lay
thf- appeal upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALCORN. In line three hundred and
twenty-six, on page 14, after the word "dol-
lars," I move to insert the following:
That officers of the Navy on shore (ffity where no
Government quarters are provided for them shall
receive their sea pay.
The object of the amendment, Mr. Presi-
dent -arid I will detain the Senate with but a
single word—is to equalize the pay of officers
and give those officers who are upon shore
duty a means of subsistence. As the case now
is, there are not quarters sufficient for all the
officers. Some officers have their quarters for
the reason that the Government has them ;
others have no quarters for the reason that
the Government is without quarters, and they
have to provide for house rent out of their
salary, which costs them a very considerable
portion of their salary, and leaves them a bare
pittance to support their families.
The object of this amendment is to give
them their pay so as to enable them to pro-
vide themselves with quarters when on shore
duty. There are about a hundred officers of
this character, perhaps, that would be under
this amendment entitled to an increase of pay,
and the increase would range from $200 to
$000; perhaps an average of about $100.
This allowance is made to the officers of the
Army in kind. There is no such allowance
made to officers of the Navy. I would state
just here with regard to officers of the Navy
that above all the men in the public service
they are the men who are the least fit to euter
the battle of life and provide for themselves
when they are turned loose upon shore. Then-
lives are spent upon the sea ; they are unac-
customed to the avocations and duties and
industries and employments of every-day life.
An officer of the Army is not so raised, lie is
not so abstracted, he is not so withdrawn from
contact with men as is the officer of the Navy.
He learns something of life, of its duties ; he
learns how to provide and shift for himself;
while an officer of the Navy comes home after
his long service a man of the sea. This will
approximate something to that sort of equity
which exists in recalling the Army of the
United States, and give the Navy officer upon
shore the means of subsistence, as I said be-
fore. Without this, when upon shore duty,
the officer who has a family is simply unable
to provide for that family.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Two thirds or three
fourths of the appropriation for the pay of the
Navy is devoted to the officers, and it is very
much out of proportion. If the Senator had
suggested that the pay of ordinary seamen
should be raised, that would be another ques-
tion. I raise the point of order upon this
amendment, and ask the Chair to give his
decision whether it is in order to this bill
under the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In respect
to the new rule does the Senator mean?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir; in respect to the
new rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of opinion that the amendment is in order,
as it only regulates the disposition of the pay
of these officers that is provided for in the first
section of the bill. The Chair thinks, there-
fore, the amendment does relate to the dispo-
sition of the money which the bill appropriates.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to lay the amend-
ment on the table. It increases expenses.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Rhode Island moves that the amendment
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will it be in order for
me now to move the amendment which I offered
in committee, that the chief clerks of the
bureaus of the Navy Department shall have
the same compensation as the chief clerks of
the bureaus of the War Department?
The PRESIDING 'OFFICER. _ The fact
that the Senator moved it in committee would
be no objection, certainly, in the opinion of
the Chair.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is it the opinion of the
Chair that the amendment would be in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
cannot decide until he sees precisely what the
amendment is.
Mr. ANTHONY. The amendment is that
the chief clerks of the bureaus of the N avy
Department shall have the same compensation
as the chief clerks of the bureaus of the War
Department-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator from Rhode Island be kind enough to
point out what appropriation contained in the
bill that amendment would directly relate to ?
Mr. ANIH0NY. The Secretary is looking
tor it. [LaughterJ
Mr. SPRAGUE. I believe that was de-
feated m Committee of the Whole
The PRESIDING OFFICER.' It will be
again m order to offer it m the Senate unless
it is prohibited on some other ground.
Mr. ANIHONY. I ask if it is in order.
If not, I do not wish to offer it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will not^ undertake to decide the question of
order without seeing the precise point and
finding in the bill the appropriation to which
it would relate. If it, does relate to an appro-
priation contained in the bill, then it is in
order ; if it does not relate to such an aj>pro-
jtriation, it is not.
Mr. COLE. The appropriation for such
officers is in the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill, which lias already
passed the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 am afraid it ought to
have been offered on the legislative and exec-
utive appropriation bill. 1 will not press it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to move to strike
out so much of the bill as relates, under the
Bureau of Yards and Docks, to the offices of
clerk of pay-rolls and mustering clerk wherever
that language occurs, and that the appropria-
tions be modified accordingly.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I suggest to the Senator
that that has already been stricken out.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 think the Senator from
Rhode Island must be. in error about that. I
have made some inquiry, and i find that the
clerk of pay-rolls and mustering clerk were
stricken out at League Island, but the debate
shows that these officers were as much sine-
cures at all the other places, under the Bureau
of Yards and Docks, as at League island.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It was understood so, at
any rate
Mr. CASSERLY. If it was understood so,
we will make it certain by having it done now
in express terms.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed by the Secretary that in the League
Island clause these words have been stricken
out, but at the other yards they have not
been.
Mr. CASSERLY.. Then I make the motion
that the "clerk of pay-rolls and mustering
clerk," wherever those words occur underthe
head of " Bureau of Yards and Docks," be
stricken out. and that the appropriations for
the respective items be modified accordingly.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust we shall make
this amendment. If this officer is not needed
at League Island, he is needed at no place.
I think he is a very important officer, and I
think he will save a great deal more to the
Government than his salary ; but it had better
be uniform. Let us strike them out every-
where, and perhaps we can save a few hun-
dred dollars and benefit the country very
much. I am for striking out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California, [Mr. Casserly. J
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third
time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 3; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Blair,
Cameron, Casseriy, Chandler, Cla> ton, Cole, Conk-
