1418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
ling Cooper, Corbett,, Cragin, Edmunds, Fenton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Giibert. Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill,
Hitchcock, Kelly, Lewis, Machen, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Sehura, Spencer, West, Wilson, and
Windom—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Hamilton of Maryland,
and Sprague—3.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Frelinghuysen,
Goidthwaite, Harlan, Howe. Johnston, Logan, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morton, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Pool, Ransom, Soott, Sherman, Steven-
son, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton,
Trumbull, V iokers, and Wright—31.
So the bill was
house bills referred.
The following bills this day received from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as in-
dicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 3971) to amend an act
entitled "An act to authorize the sale of cer-
tain public property," approved June 10,
1872—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 3973) for the relief of the
College of William and Mary in Virginia—to
the Committee on Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 3139) to provide for the
just and equitable distribution of the award
made to the United States by the commis-
sioners at Geneva under the treaty of Wash-
ington—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (H. 11. No. 3970) to amend an act
entitled "An act authorizing the Secretary of
War lo release twenty-live acres of the lands
of the United States at Plattsburg, New
York, to the New York and Canada Railroad
Company, and for other purposes," passed
June 8, 1872—to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 3953) relative to private
contracts or agreements made with Indians—
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
bridge across gknkskh k1vkk.
The bill (H. R. No. 3972) to authorize the
construction of a railroad and draw-bridge
across the Genesee river in Monroe county,
New York, was read twice by its title.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that that bill, as
it is short, be read in full.
The bill was read. It, proposes to authorize;
the Lake Ontario Shore Railroad Company of
the State of New York to construct a draw-
bridge across the Genesee river in Monroe
county, in that State, m accordance with the
provisions of an act passed by the Legislature
of the State of New York March 17, 1871, en-
titled "An act to facilitate the construction
of the Lake Ontario Shore railroad, and to
amend the several acts in relation thereto."
The bridge when completed is to be deemed
and taken to be a legal structure, and shall,
with the railroad of which it is to be a part,
be a post road for the transmission of the
mails of the United States with the rights and
privileges of other post roads.
The structure thus authorized is to be built
and located under and subject to such regu-
lations for the seen 11 ty of the navigation of the
river as the Secretary of War shall prescribe,
and is to be at all times so kept and managed
as to offer reasonable and proper means for
the passage of vessels through and 'under the
same, and the structure shall be changed at
the cost and expense of the owners thereof
from time to time as Congress may direct, so
as to preserve the tree and convenient naviga-
tion of the river; and the authority to erect
and continue the bridge is to be subject to
revocation or modification by law whenever
the public good shall in the judgment of Con-
gress so require without any expense or charge
to the United States.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is this a navigable stream,
I should like to inquire?
Mr. CAMERON. Oh, yes; and Ihopethe
bill will pass at once.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senate to con-
sider the bill at this time if there be no objec-
tion to it; but if any Senator has any objec-
tion at all I shall not ask it. _ I understand
that there is no objection to it; that it is
entirely safe and well guarded. I did not hear
the Senator from Pennsylvania, who made a
remark just now.
Mr. CAMERON. I said that the Genesee
is to some extent a navigable stream, but that
the bridge cannot affect any navigation at the
point proposed.
Mr. CONKLING. There is no navigation
to be affected by this bridge.
Mr. CAMERON. I know the stream very
well.
Mr. RAMSEY. Do not steamboats pass up
and down the river ?
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir.
Mr. CASSERLY. The question is, which
I wish the Senator from New York to answer,
is this a navigable stream? Is the Genesee
river at the point where it is proposed to erect
this bridge a navigable stream?
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir
Mr. CASSERLY. If it is a navigable
stream, then I think the bill ought to be com-
mitted to the Committee on Commerce with
instructions to insert the usual clauscs in re-
gard to the use of it and the protection of
navigation.
Mr. CONKLING. I will ask that this bill
remain on the table in place of being referred,
to the end that every Senator who chooses to
do so may inquire about it before I move to
take it up again, and I will then have some
papers so as to satisfy the Senator from Cali-
fornia and everybody else exactly what the
facts &r6
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator from New
York will allow me, I will say that the Gen-
esee is a navigable stream as the Susquehanna
river is navigable, and yet not navigable. It
is navigable for rafts and flat bottom boats.
A bridge at the point in view does not inter-
fere with any navigation or commerce of any
kind in this neighborhood.
Mr. CONKLING. And yet this bill is one
of a class which I do not think ought to pass
the Senate, when any Senator has any doubt
about it, without an opportunity to know w-hat
the facts are. Although I have a very clear
judgment about it myself, I should like to
have it in such form that the Senate may be
advised in regard to it. Therefore if it lie on
the table, at some moment when T have the
(tapers in my hand I will ask to take it up, and
1 think that theo, in a very short time, the facts
can be brought to every member of the Senate
so that he will be satisfied, and 1 would rather
have it pass in that way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York moves that the bill be
placed on the Calendar, it having been read
twice, or laid on the table. Which does the
Senator prefer?
Mr. CONKLING. I prefer to have it lie
on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the bill he on the table for the present.
c. t brown and .t .1. 8. iiassler.
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before
the Senate the bill (H. R. No. 3952) to author-
ize the accounting officers of the Treasury to
settle the accounts of Charles T. Brown and
J. J. S. Hassler, late agents for the Chippewa
Indians of Minnesota, on grounds of equity
and justice.
Mr. BOREMAN. Under the circumstances
I prefer that that bill should go upon the Cal-
endar. It has been considered by the com-
mittee, in substance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be placed on the Calendar if there be no
objection. It is so ordered.
•t. s. crandall and others.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 196) grant-
ing medals to JaredS. Crandall and others was
read twice by its title.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask that the resolution
be read at length.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution,
which provides that the President of the United
States be authorized and requested to cause to
be made and presented to each of the follow-
ing persons such suitable and appropriate
medals as in his judgment shall express the
high estimation iti which Congress holds the
respective merits and services of Captain Jared i
S. Crandall, Albert Crandall, Daniel F. Lar-
kin, Frank Larkin, Byron Green, John Harris,
Courtland Gavitt, Eugene Nash, Edwin Nash,
and William Nash, of the town of Westerly,
Rhode Island, who so gallantly volunteered to
man the life-boat and a fishing boat, and saved
the lives of thirty-two persons from the wreck
of the steamer Metis, on the waters of Long
Island sound, on the 31st August, 1822.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It may be remembered
that a vote of thanks was passed by the Senate,
in concurrence with the Ilouse to the officers
of the Mocassin. The Mocassin saved people
by its boats. Boats were also manned by these
gallant men. I ask for action on the resolu-
tion now.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from Rhode Island
that there is obviously an error in the House
joint resolution, as it refers to the year 1822
instead of 1872.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to amend by striking
out "1822" andinserting "1872."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended ; and the amendment was
concurred in. The amendment was ordered to
be engrossed and the joint resolution to be
read a third time. The joint resolution was
read the third time, and passed.
reports of committees.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2899)
for the relief of Charles F. Carr, of Boston,
submitted an adverse report, which was
ordered to be printed ; and the bill was in-
definitely postponed.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1331) to amend an act entitled "An
act for the relief of certain tribes of Indians
in the northern superintendency," approved
June 10, 1872, reported it with an amend-
ment.
military academy appropriations.
Mr. WEST. I move now that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
3737, making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is but an hour left
till the usual hour of adjournment, and I hope
in the mean time we shall proceed to the con-
sideration of the Calendar and let the appro-
priation bills be passed over until morning.
Some little attention should be paid to the
Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Louisiana.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will not
agree to it.
Mr. WEST. I will state that the consider-
ation of this bill will scarcely occupy the Sen-
ate more than fifteen minutes, perhaps thirty
minutes.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I withdraw what I
have said.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Louisiana
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senat",
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 3737) making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending June 30, 1871.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an-
