1420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
<or any amendments thereto, shall have the
tight to transfer by warranty, against his or
her own acts, any portion of his or her pre-
emption or homestead for eharch or School
purposes, or for the right of way of railroads
across such preemption or homestead, and
the transfer for such public purposes shall in
no way vitiate the right to complete and per-
fect the title to their preemption or home-
stead.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I desire to offer an
amendment in line eight, to add the word
"'cemetery" after '' church so as to read,
" any portion of his or her said preemption
or homestead for church, cemetery, or school
purposes," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
PASSING OF TOKENS.
The next bill on the Calendar 'Was the bill
(S. No. 1205) to punish and prevent the un-
lawful making, passing, or selling, or bftving
in possession with intent to issue or sell, of any
false coin or token in the resemblance of any
coin of the United States } which was read.
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed
to amend the bill on page '2, in line thirteen,
by striking out the words " false coin," and in
line twenty-two by striking out the words
" false coin," and also by inserting at the end
of the bill the following:
And the act approved August 6,1816, entitled "'An
act to provide for the better organisation of the
Treasury, and for the collection, safe-keeping, and
■disbursement of the public rnvpiiue." bo, and the
same is hereby, revived and S-eo'naeted.
Mr. CONKLING. I have a great deal of
doubt whether this bill ought to pass, and [
am pretty siwc it ought not to pass without
some'discission. L_think, therefore, it, had
•setter lie over. I will say, however, lest My
■objection might, be misconstrued, thai there is
abundant law now punishing every man who
utters as true, or passes as true, or manufac-
tures any coin in similitude or likeness of the
current coin of the United States, or, as my
friend at my side [Mr. IIamlinJ reminds me,
has in his possession any such coin with intent
to pass it as true, The proposition now is to
*tmke a crime of selling com not in the simili-
tude and likeness of com of the United States
or of any genuine coin, but selling any metal
device, an advertisement, a trade mark, what-
ever it may be, not being sold as coin or
money at all, but being sold as really what it
a badge of base metal. If that is a wise
thing to do in the particular case, the States
hs.ve abundant power to do all that. I do not
relieve it is necessary for us to do it, although
we have concurrent jurisdiction. And with-
out going now into what, precisely the amend-
ment. is which came from the Committee on
the Judiciary, or meaning to say that I have
described it minutely at all, this is the general
drift of the legislation proposed, and there-
fore I object to it until it can come up at some
time when we may disenss it and have a thor-
ough understanding of what it means.
f'he PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
objected to and will be passed over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to apDeal to the
{senator to withdraw his objections. He has
made observations which would tend to preju-
dice the Senate against this bill on its merits
and then wound up by objecting to it. I
•should like his permission to state to him and
the Senate that I think he has a little mis-
apprehended the precise scope of the bill as it
was reported.
Mr. SPRAGrUli. I ask if the Senator from
Vermont is m order?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; I suppose I am
not m order, but I ask consent of the Senate
to make a statement.
Mr, CONKLING. I should be perfectly
willing to withdraw my objection under other
cirfeunlstances ; indeed, I am almost perfectly
Willing to do it now, although the Senator
from Vermont says that I go on to disparage
the merits of the bill and wind ujf by objecting.
Sir, I did no such thing. I comtiiencfed by
objecting and then I ailpplenlented my objec-
tion with a remark to the end that I might not,
do myself or anybody else injustice as the
reason of my objection. I. am perfectly will-
ing to withdraw niy objection if the Senator
wants to be heard on the bill. I am not will-
ing, hOwp.Ver, to withdraw it so as to have final
action on the bill until I can be heard myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from New York withdraw his objec-
tion ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly, if the Senator
from Vermont wishes to be heard.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not mean to occupy
the time of the Senate; but I wish merely to
Say that I think the Senator from New York
misapprehends in A slight degree the scope of
this bill. It is not,, as I understand it, as he
seems to think, a bill which punishes the sell-
ing of a device which purports, to Be & device
only; but, it prohibits thte selling as false, or
as what it rna,y be, a device which is in simil-
itude, more or less perfect, a coin of the Uni-
ted States or other precious coin. The Sena-
tor from New York must perfectly well know
that in California the market is Hooded with
what are called " spiel marks," which at first
sight and in yolir hand at first sight appear to
be double eagles. They are milled in the
same way; they have the stars upon them ;
they haye the head of liberty, &c. It is to
meet this, with an amendment which we also
considered important, that the bill is proposed j
but of course I cannot insist on its being
proceeded with if my friend objects,.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object to the further
Consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, the bill is
objected to, and is not debatable. It has been
passed ovpt-.
Mi1. COLE. I want to say that the evil
which this bill provides against is one which
ought to be remedied 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
cannot entertain debate ai'ter objection has
been ntade to the consideration of the bill. It
passes from before the Senate.
WILLIAM BAYNE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. li. No. 8166) for the relief of William
Bayne, trustee, &c. The bill provides for
paying to William Bayne. trustee for the chil-
dren of George Bayne, deceased, $2,550, which
sum, when accepted, shall be in full satisfac-
tion for the rent and damage to the storehouse
of claimant as trustee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shouldlike to hear the
report in that case.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object to it. Let us go
on with the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
CUAHLBS CLINTON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 551) for the relief of Charles Clinton,
reported adversely from the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. WEST. I desire to have that bill passed
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
CHILDREN OF ABRAHAM FISHER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 772) for the relief of the children of
Abraham Fisher ; which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. The title to all the
real estate lying and situate in the District of
Columbia, of which the late Abram or Abra-
ham Fisher died seized and possessed, and
which escheated to the United States for the
reason that Abraham had been a slave, and
that his wife and children were at the time of
his death slaves, will by the bill be vested in
Henry 0. Towles, the administrator with wiH
annexed on the estate of Abraham Fisher) hid
heirs and assigns, in trust for Thomas, Albert
Ludwell, Anna, Eliza, Susan, Lucy, and
Amanda Fisher, the children of Abraham
Fisher, named as stieh in his last will ah.c! tee
tamient, admitted to probate and record in tho
orphan's coutt of the District of Columbia on
the 27th of February, 1855.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
COPYRIGHTS.
The next bill on the Calendar wsis the bill
(S. No. 1369) to amend an act entitled "Ail
act to revise; consolidate, and amend thfe stat-
utes relating to patents and copyrights;"
aJjprOved May 8, 1870; which was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The Jbill was reported from the Committee
on the Library with amendments!
The first amendment of the committee was
in line eleven, after the word " registered,"
to insert the words '' Patent O ffice."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was ,in line eleVetl;
after the word " trade-niark," to strike out
the Words " of design for a manufacture."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of the bill the following:
At the end of section ninety-seven of the same
act add the words, "or the words copyrighted ,
18-, by A. B."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended reads:
ftc it enacted, &<n, Thatsection eighty-six tii ari ail.
entitled "An act to revise, consolidate, and a'pbrd
the statutes relating to patents and tiopyrigtitiV
approved July 8,11870, be, and the same is hereby,
amended by adding thereto the following: " 111 the
construction of this act the words ' cut,' ' print,' and
'engraving'shall be restricted to pictorial illustra-
tions; and no label designed to be used upon vwy
article of manufacture shall be entered tor copyright,
but may be registered in the Patent Office as n rnui''-
mark. The word ' book' shall be held to include any
pamphlet or periodical publication in which !•<;!••
right,is or may be> claimed;" jftt the end of ■-"« ;i- >
ninety seven of the sarueact add the words, "or ttie
words copyrighted f 18—, by A. B."
Mr. SHERMAN. The only effect of th'1
bill is to relieve the Library from a great mass
of little stuff of no account to anybody in the
world.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
bill by adding:
And the act approved August 6,1846, entitled "An
act to provide for the better organization of the
Treasury* and for the collection, safe-keeping, and
disbursement of the public revenue'," be, and the
same is hereby, revived and reenaeted.
I will merely say that in the schedule of the
patent code of repealed acts is this act. Be-
cause there was one line in it about certain
moneys of the Patent Office being paid into
the Treasury, the whole act was by accident
repealed, which is one of the most important
acts in respect to the safe-keeping of moneys
intrusted to public officers that there is, and
therefore it ought to be revived. v
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment seems
to me to be much more important than the
bill. If the Senator has examined the subject,
very well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We examined it in com-
mittee. It is a part of the false coin bill we
reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is but a small
matter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The amendment relates
to an act covered by the law which this bill
amends.
Mr. CONKLING. The amendment is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The hill was reported to the Senate
amended; and the amendments'were con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be on-
grossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
