120
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
Ho. of Reps.
Foreign Policy—Mr. Sargent.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
magnitude of our disasters, the bill for free
registry and free materials whhh I have so
often urged upon your attention and respect.
Ah! if gentlemen, who are so scripturally
learned would carefully read the story which
the Chronicles record!
Solomon "determined to buiJd a house for
the name of the Lord and an house for his
kingdom." It ia recorded that he gathered
the "strangers" together to do the mason
work. He prepared iron in abindance, and
the nails for the doors of the gates, and brass
without weight, also cedar trees in abundance.
The house that was to be buildsd was to be
"exceeding magniiicai," of fame and of glory
throughout all countries. Timber and stone
and specie, a hundred thousand talents in gold
and a thousand thousand talents -of silver;—
workmeu, all manner of cunning men, without
number, were employed. There was no'liui-
itation to national employ6, or Hebraic mate-
rials.
Will those who would revive shipping take
heed I The men who bore burdens and hewed
in the mountain; where came they from ?
From Jerusalem? No. Solomon sent to
Hiram, king of Tyre, for the cunning men,
who wo Ued in iron, ingold, in silver, in purple,
and crimson, and blue, and for the engravers.
Ho sent abroad for the cedar trees, fir trees
and algum trees, out of Lebanon; and with the
reciprocity of an enlightened ruler, he gave
to Tyre in return wheat and barley, wine and
oil 1 How the glory of Lebanon was hewn
down ; how the oil and the wine flowed, and
the cut wood came in floats by sea to Joppa for
Jerusalem. Then there was not only a build-
ing for the name of the Lord, but a revival of
shipping 1 Let us learn the lesson aright
which is taught by this scriptural history, then
out of many "brotherly dissimilitudes will arise
our temple of commercial freedom. Then, as
a consequence, willing^ devotees from every
land will lay their offerings on its altar.
When that day arrives, the island of Manhat-
tan, the gateway of our continent, will no longer
be dependent on foreign ships and enterprise.
Distinguished by her arts, charities, architect-
ure, avenues, harbor, wharfage, opulence, and
enterprise, she will draw unto herself, and
consequently to all our land, that commercial
glory which was her right by position, patriot-
ism, and skill, and of which she has been
deprived by cruel, harsh, unphilosophical,
and unjust exactions. _ _
Mr. Speaker, I have seen long service in this
Hall. Indeed, my voice was the first ever
raised within these four walls. I spoke then
for the freedom of oar Territories from out-
side and Federal dictation. This was as early
as 1857. With an intermission of four years,
and after representing, as I hope faithfully,
the interests of another locality, where agri-
culture predominated, I was called here again
to share in the responsibility of representing
the large, proud, and powerful commercial me-
tropolis. I was so preferred, because I was
accounted earnest and trustworthy iu connec-
tion with questions of commercial liberty. The
grandeur and mightiness of that metropolis is
founded upon commerce. She has little man-
ufacture and less natural mineral or agricul-
tural wealth in or near Us environs. Without
commerce, shebecomesawaste. If commerce
languish, the magnificent rivor at whose mouth
she reposes and the great improvements con-
nected with, her by rail and canal become ot
little value. Your great crops, your elevators
and railroads ; indeed all the varied industry
incident to the growth, housing, and carnage
of your crops, are of less worth if New York
fail in her commerce. When the German and
French war broke out, the West lost twenty
millions on her wheat and corn because the
German steamers could not be placed under
our flag, and freight room there was little or
none. The interests of all classes and occu-
pations are imbound with the success of New
York. I would be recreant to my convictions
and to my duty, ungrateful to the intelligent
constituency which has so signally honored
me, if I did not always do as I now do, ask
for that commerce substantial revival by prac-
tical and fair legislation—not by bounties to
a class, not by burdens on others, but by a
relief from harsh and unreasonable limitations
on economical, industrial, and commercial
liberty. Therefore, I shall urge a vote on the
following bill which 1 offered here on the 10th
instant:
A bill to revive shipping and commcroo.
21c it enacted />// the Senate aiuilloime of llepresent-
ativLs of the United States uf America in Congremt
assembled, That all laws of Congress forbidding
tho purchase and enrollment under tho American
flag of foreign-built ships, in. so far as relates to
vessels employed solely in foreign trade, bo heroby
repealed.
Sec. 2. That all stores be allowed to bo taken out,
of bond duty free when such stores aro to bo used
on foreign voyages.
Sue. 3. That all materials to bo nsod in tho con-
struction or ropairs of vessels employed in foreign
trado be admittod duty free.
Foreign Policy.
SPEECH OF IION. A. A. SARGENT,
01? CALIFORNIA,
In the House of Uetobskntatives,
February i 1, 187a.
The IIouso having met for dobato as in Cominittoe
of tho Whole on tho statu of tho Union
Mr. SARGENT said:
Mr. Speaker: lwill detain the House for a
very few moments, to say that while I agree
with much of what my eloquent friend from
Massachusetts [_Mr. Banks J lias said in his
remarks to-night, I dissent from the views he
seems to entertain of the foreign policy of
this Administration. The gentleman knows
full well, as do we all, and as does the country,
that this Administration has dealt fairly and
firmly with every question touching our for-
eign relations, and that many difficult and
dangerous questions were bequeathed to it by
previous Administrations.
During the rebellion we were at a disadvan
tage, and when we were struggling under
adverse circumstances, England allowed her
cruisers to prey upon our commerce and to
insult our national dignity. Several attempts
had been made by past Administrations to
secure reparation for those injuries to our citi-
zens and insult to our llag. Those attempts
had aggravated rather than tended to settle the
difficulties, and the question was in a, most un-
toward state when Grant determined that the
dignity of our flag should be vindicated and
substantial reparation be made. That was the
attitude the Administration took in the matter.
It forced an arbitration, the alternative being
the determination on the part of the Govern-
ment to secure our rights even though it might
involve war. This determination of Grant
brought about an arbitration, the result of
which was that there is now ready to be paid
into our coffers over $15,000,000 in reparation
to this country. But the arbitration brought
what was worth more than that, an apology
from England as an acknowledgment that
she had done wrong. It was acknowledged
that England had taken advantage of our
necessities and had sought to iujure us.
On the vexed San Juan question the Haro
channel was recognised as our boundary, and
our rights thus fully vindicated. 1 lies© grave
foreign difficulties were settled with the same
firmness and wisdom thut the domestic diffi-
culties of our country have been settled by
this Administration. Our rights were vindi-
cated as against England, while at the same
time the Administration was holding the Ku
Klux by the throat and compelling obedience
to the law in turbulent regions of our own
country. I do not exult over any humiliation
of England. I rejoice that war was so wisely
averted between two nations of common blood
and lineage and laws and literature and civil-
ization. But it is not humiliating to admit
and repair a wrong.
I do not agree with the gentleman.that the
course of the Administration toward Cuba is
open to hostile criticism. I have never been
one of those who think it is the duty of our
Government to intervene iu behalf of those
in Cuba who were carrying on what was only
a guerrilla war. The fact of the many slain is
only evidence that the guerrilla war was carried
on with much intensity and cruelty. It was
spasmodic and irregular. It was not the duty
of the United States to take the part of these
insurgents against the Government of Spain
and carry on the war for them, for that would
have been the result of a recognition of their
independence or aid to achieve it. Their
warfare did not amount to enough to signify
civil war under the law of nations; and we
had no legal pretense for interference.
The gentleman says that the Spaniards were
cruel. They have been cruel iu all time. But
there have been cruelties in other parts of the
world when the former Administrations praised
by the gentleman did not interfere^ The Eng-
lish blew Sepoys from guns in India. Did the
gentleman complain that our Government did
not interfere? The Communists have been
shot down by scores under the shadow of the
walls of Paris, the result of political vengeance
on the part of the so-called republic of France.
Does tho gentleman ask interference? I^say
that the duty does not devolve upon the United
States to bo a crusader to redress wrongs all
over the world. We have our own dignity and
rights to maintain, and wo maintain them fully.
When a person of very doubtful rights as an
American citizen was cast into prison for an
alleged political offense by Spanish authority,
the United States interfered and caused him
to be delivered up.
Now, I have no idea that my friend speaks
m any unkind feeling. He is very enthusiastic
on this Cuban question, and it obscures other
matters within his field of vision. I rose
merely to express my dissent from his views
in our foreign policy, which policy I think has
been very successful.
Mr. BANKS. Let me give my friend from
California one or two ideas in relation to the
Alabama treaty. We had for many years dif-
ficulties with Great Britain on the northeast-
ern coast. Our fishermen came in conflict
with those of Great Britain, and brought us to
the verge of war. The British Government
asked us to settle the controversy. We re-
fused to do so unless Great Britain would
couple with that question our claim for dam-
ages from the Alabama and other cruisers, to
which she assented, and we then made a treaty
with Great Britain. We have had an arbitra-
tion. We have obtained a judgment for the
money, as the gentleman says, and having got
the money—most of which will go to specula-
tors, and not to those who lost by the opera-
tion of these cruisers—having got the money,
we repudiate tho most important subject of the
treaty upon which the negotiations were com-
menced. The House refused only yesterday,
by an almost unanimous vote of the supporters
of the Administration, to consider a proposi-,
lion to carry into effect that portion of the
treaty which was the origin of this arbitiation,
and upon which depends the future peace be-
tween the two countries. And the gentleman
from California j,Mr. Saroext] was among
those who resisted the proposition to carry
into effect this treaty.
Mr. SARGENT. My friend is mistaken ; I
voted with him.
