1422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
MARE ISLAND SUBMARINE TUNNEL.
Mr. SARGENT introduced a bill (EL. R.
No. 3964) granting the right of way for the
construction of a submarine tunnel under
Mare island straits, in the State of California ;
which was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
THOMAS M. K. LEE.
Mr. SARGENT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3965) granting a pension to Thomas
M. K. Lee; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
IRRIGATION IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. HOUGHTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3966) to provide for a board of commis-
sioners to report a system of irrigation for the
San Joaquin and Sacramento valleys, in the
State of California; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. CONGER asked that the bill be read at
length, and it was read accordingly.
ACItOliA LAND DISTRICT.
Mr. HOUGHTON also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 3967) to extend the time to pay
for public lands in the Aurora land district
of California and Nevada; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
REPORT ON MINING STATISTICS,
Mr. KENDALL submitted a concurrent
resolution relative to printing the report of the
commissioner on mining statistics; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Printing.
WAGON ROAD IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. TAFFE presented a memorial and joint
resolution of the Legislature of the State of
Nebraska, in regard to a wagon road from
N <>rth Platte to the White River Indian agency ;
which was referred lo the Committee on the
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
OTOU AND MISSOURI INDIAN RESERVATION.
Mr. TAFFE also presented a memorial of
the Legislature of the State of Nebraska, in
regard to the purchase by the United States
of the Otoe and Missouri Indian reservation ;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
LANDS IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. TAFFE also presented a memorial and
joint resolution of the Legislature of the State
of Nebraska, in relation to certain lands in
said State ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
ULHCTI0N OF TERRITORIAL OFFICERS.
Mr. ARMSTRONG introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 3968) to enable the people of the Terri-
tories to elect their Governor and all other
territorial officers in the manner provided for
election of Delegates to Congress; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
LAND DISTRICTS IN DAKOTA.
Mr. ARMSTRONG also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 3969) to establish certain land
districts in the Territory of Dakota; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
1 he SPEAKER. The States and Territories
having been called for the introduction of
bills on leave and joint resolutions, they will
now be called for resolutions. The call rests
with the State of New York.
NEW YORK AND CANADA RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. ROGERS, of New York, introduced,
in pursuance of previous notice, a bill (H. R.
No. 3970) to amend an act entitled "An act
authorizing the Secretary of War to release
twenty-five acres of the lands of the United
States at Plattsburg, New York, to the New
York and Canada Railroad Company, and for
other purposes," passed June 8, 1872; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and em-
powers the Secretary of War to release to the
New York and Canada Railroad Company, its
successors and assigns, a right of way along
the banks of the Lake Champlain, upon and
across the land owned and possessed by the
United States in the town of Plattsburgh,
Clinton county, New York, subject to such
restriction as the Secretary of War may think
necessary to protect the interests of the United
States. Before the execution of such release
the railroad company is to pay into the Treas-
ury of the United States the value of such
right of way per acre as fixed by the board of
appraisers heretofore appointed under the act
amended, as stated in their report approved
by the Secretary of War. And the Secretary
of War is further authorized and empowered,
in his discretion, to locate the twenty-five
acres referred to in the act amended, in the
northeasterly portion of the lands of the
United States, and to release the same to
the railroad company, its successors and
assigns, subject to the conditions and pro-
visions in the act contained, upon the pay-
ment of the full value of the twenty-five acres,
to be ascertained as provided in the act; pro-
vided the company shall elect to take the
twenty-five acres and pay such value so fixed,
within such reasonable time as may be fixed
by the Secretary of War, and after due notice
from the Secretary to the company.
The question being upou ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. ROGERS, of New York, called the
previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire whether
this bill is recommended by the Secretary of
War?
The SPEAKER. There can be no debate
upon a measure in the morning hour of Mon-
day.
The question being taken on ordering the
previous question, there were—ayes 53, noes
31; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Rogers, of
New York, and Mr. Holman were appointed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand this to be the
same bill as one passed last session. If so, I
have no objection to it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The tellers will take their places.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask that 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must enforce
the imperative rule of the House that no debate
shall be allowed during the morning hour of
Monday.
Mr. WHEELER. I do not wish to debate
the bill, but only to ask that a communication
from the Secretary of War on this subject be
read.
The SPEAKER. That would be debate
in the strongest sense of the word.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it in order to inquire
whether this bill has been considered by a
committee?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to make
any inquiry in the nature of debate.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 105, noes 17.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered ; and under
the operation thereof the bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. ROGERS, of New York, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FREE BANKING SPECIE PAYMENTS.
Mr. MERRIAM introduced a bill author-
izing free banking and providing for specie
redemption; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. MERRIAM. I call the previous ques-
tion on ordering this bill to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has previous notice been
given of the introduction of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It has.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides for the repeal of all laws and parts of
laws limiting the amount of national bank cir-
culation.
The second section provides that new bank-
ing associations may be formed under the
national currency act in any of the States or
Territories of the United States upon a deposit
of United States bonds with the Comptroller
of the Currency, as required by existing laws.
The third section proposes to enact that as-
sociations may likewise be formed for the pur-
pose of carrying on, under the acts mentioned
in the preceding section, the business of bank-
ing, except receiving and issuing notes, upon
depositing with the Treasurer of the United
States registered bonds for each association so
formed to the par value of not less than $10,000.
The fourth section provides that so much of
section thirty-one of the national currency act,
approved June 3, 1864, as requires any asso-
ciation to keep on hand a lawful money re-
serve for its notes in circulation shall be, and
and the same is hereby, repealed, and here-
after the lawful money reserve of any asso-
ciation shall be computed on the aggregate
daily amount of its deposits and upon that
amount only.
The fifth section provides that from and
after the 1st of January, 1871, the Treasurer
of the United States shall from time to time
collect the interest falling due on all bonds
held by him to secure redemption of circulat-
ing notes issued to any national banking asso-
ciation, and shall hold the gold received as
the interest in trust for the bank to which the
bonds on which it was received belong, and
shall issue certificates of deposit therefor to
the bank, and SHch certificate shall not be
transferable but may be counted by the bank
as a part of its lawful money reserve.
The sixth section provides that the Treasurer
of the United States shall, from and after the
1st of December, 1879, pay over in gold to the
respective national banking associations, on
presentation and surrender of any of the cer-
tificates authorized by the preceding section,
the amount mentioned in such certificate.
The seventh section provides that from and
after the 1st day of January, 1880, all national
banking associations shall beholden to redeem
all their circulating notes in gold.
Mr. CO BURN. I wish to ask 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman demands
the previous question, and the Chair cannot
permit debate.
Mr. COBURN. I am not asking to debate
the matter.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to make a parlia-
mentary suggestion, that the gentleman from
New York modify his motion so as to bring
the bill before the House for consideration.
Mr. BURCHARD. I hope he will modify
it by striking out all but the first three sections.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The question is on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a point of order on
this bill, and ask whether the notice upon the
Journal correetly describes this bill? I ask
that the Journal be read for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The title of this bill is, to
authorize free banking and to provide for the
resumption of specie payment. Was that the
title of the bill the gentleman from New York
gave notice of?
Mr. MERRIAM. The title of the bill of
which I gave notice was free banking.
