1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
toleration of the Government of the United
Slates, in the absence of Federal legislation
providiug lor the subject matter. This is a
question which by the genius and spirit of our
C oustiiution, as well as by iu express pro-
vision, is intrusted to the care of Congress.
Now. there exists in our legislation the sin-
gular anomaly to which the gentiemau from
Michigan has referred, that in this, the very
largest affair concerning commerce and the
mUTuatioual (towers of the Goveruineut, Con-
gress has never adopted any measure at all in
sotne directions, while in other directions the
measures adopted have been so inadequate
that the condition of affairs on this question
has come to be a great national .shame. 1 cau
use no milder ward, because it is the mildest
that the subject admits of. Any gentleman
who has heard the matter talked of in foreign
countries will bear witness that it is recognized
all over the world as a national shame that
the I nited States, the recipient to a greater
extent than all other Governments of these
contributions of immigration, has failed to take
any care of these contributions to its national
wealth; for they are the greatest source of
national wealth, in any extrinsic relation, that
we hare.
I submit, then, to my fellow-members, that
it is time we begiu this business, and begiu it
in dead earnest, with large, enlightened, states-
manlike notions. I say, therefore, it is best
that we should take charge not only of New
York but every other port of this Union with
reference to this subject, and should adopt
the very wisest provisions that we can de-
vice.
Another reason why it seems to me wise
that the Government of the United States
should take care of this questiou is, that any
system which can be provided by any one State
must necessarily be a very imperfect system.
Take the case of Port Huron, at which alone
there arrive every year about sixty thousand
immigrants, yet not a dollar of expenditure is
made on their behalf unless they happen to be
delayed in the city of New York, where they
may reap incidentally whatever benefit comes
from the fund to which they have contributed
at the rate of $1 ;">0 per head. This is another
and to my mind a conclusive reason why we
should make a general law, so that every im-
migrant may receive the benefit of whatever
he may be compelled to contribute. These
contributions of head money collected at the
l>ort of New York amounted during a single
year to $600,000, and such a fund onght to be
administered in such a way as will best pro-
tect the rights of those from whom the money
is derived.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD obtained the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make an
inquiry. I understand a motion has been
made to recommit the bill. I wish to koow
whether it is in order to move to amend that
motion so as to send the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman is not in
order. He has not the floor now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
the gentleman from New York [Mr.Woon]
yields to allow me to make this inquiry.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Potter.)
The Chair does not understand that there is
any motion before the House, The gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Cosoek] gave notice of a
motion to recommit the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is not that motion
pending ? If so, I desire to move to amend it.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger]
a question before he takes his seat. The ques-
tion I desire the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sheljlabajrger] to answer, if he can, is how
we can by an act of Congress regulate the
treatment of immigrants on board English,
Prussian, French, or other foreign ships? Why
do we not provide treaties with those nations to
secure the good treatment of immigrants on
board vessels of those nations ?
Mr. S1IELLABARGER. I will answer the
question if I am permitted to hold the floor. I
am glad the gentleman from Kentucky has
asked it. I intended to speak about it, but of
course could not cover much ground in the few
minutes allowed me. I will answer it as far as
I can. 1 do not assert we can exercise juris-
diction over foreign bottoms except to this ex-
tent, that we may provide we shall withdraw
from them all privilege of landing their pas-
sengers in our ports unless they make arrange-
ments in harmony with the provisions of
whatever act we may pass. In that way, as
the gentleman will perceive, we may regulate
the subject matter of this bill.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Can you inter-
fere with treaties which have been regularly
made between foreign nations and the United
States in that way ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. This act of Con-
gress is ouly initiatory in the right direction.
What the gentleman from Kentucky aims at I
agree with him ought to be consummated and
made perfect by treaty. But we can in this
way make it to the interest of these great lines
to comply with the demands of humanity in this
regard. The bill therefore is only a step in
the right direction.
Mr. WOOD rose.
The SPEAKER tw-o tempore, (Mr. Potter
in the chair.) The Chair will state in response
to the question of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnsworth] that a motion to recom-
mit the bill to the Committee on Commerce
is not ameudable except as to the committee
to which it is to be committed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is precisely
as I understand the matter, and I therefore
move that instead of being recommitted to
the Committee on Commerce the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is amend-
able in that regard.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make that motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. But the gen-
tleman has not the door to make that motion
, now.
i Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] yielded to me for that
purpose.
Mr. WOOD. I intended to make the same
motion, with a view to holding the floor to
make some remarks if it were not agreed to.
' Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman desire to vote on his motion now ?
Mr. WOOD. I desire to test the sense of
the House on that proposition, and I shall
therefore demand the previous question. I
make the motion that the bill be sent to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, with a view to making some remarks
on the bill in case that motion should not
prevail.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Had not the
gentleman better submit his remarks first and
then make his motion afterward ?
Mr. WOOD. Very well, then; I will make
my remarks first and submit my motion after-
ward.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman submit his motion now?
Mr. WOOD. I enter my motion to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion
will be considered as pending.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I presume
every member of this House, as well as the
gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Conger,]
fully apprehends the importance of this really
great question. It is not necessary for him to
tell the House the large element of foreign-
born population in this country to-day. We
have all had access to the census statistics.
We all know the fact has been properly stated
by the gentleman. We all know the fact that
there is a large proportion of the foreign-born
element in our population, and we also know
the importance of that element and the great
additions made by it to the material wealth of
this country. It is an indispensable element
of our population, which we all do all in our
power to protect and encourage.
I agree with the gentleman from Michigan,
that there has been much wrong perpetrated
on the immigrants arriving in our midst. 1
have no doubt of the fact that masters of ves-
sels and owners of vessels have, in pursuit of
gain, inflicted great injury on immigrants arriv-
ing in this country, and so far as it lies within
the power of Congress to provide a remedy to
prevent the recurrence of such injuries, I am
in favor of going as far as the gentleman or any
other member of this House.
Now, there arrived at the port of New York,
in the year 1872, 293,600 immigrants. Out of
that whole number there were but 420 reported
to have died on the voyage of immigration, and
231 of those died on board of steamers and the
balance on sailing vessels. Therefore the facts,
the statistics, which are matters of record, show
that the proportion of deaths to the whole
number arriving at the port of New York is
very much less than has been stated by the
gentiemau from Michigan.
But, sir, admitting all he has Mated to be
correct, assuming that this is a national ques-
tion, assuming that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States has the power to pass a law of that
character, assuming that they can deprive the
States of the jurisdiction of this question,
which they have maintained from the founda-
tion of the Government down to the present
period, I apprehend that this bill when it comes
to be examined in detail, and to be looked at
with a practical eye, with reference to afford-
ing a remedy and proper protection to the im-
migrants, will be found to fall very far short
of what is required, and of what we ought
to do.
In the first place, the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Sheixabarger, ] in answer to my friend
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] makes a declara-
tion with reference to the effect of this bill
which I think he cannot have carefully studied.
The fourth section provides that.it shall be
the duty of the American consul in every for-
eign port to visit every vessel destined for a
port m the United States, containing immi-
grants, and to examine that vessel. Now, we
all know that ninety-nine hundredths of the
immigrants arriving within the last ten years
in the United States have come in foreign
bottoms. Within the last ten years there
have not been one in a hundred of the immi-
grants arriving in the ports of the United States
under the American flag.
Now, sir, what is the practical effect of this
provision? Take, if you please, the port of
Liverpool. It is made the duty of the Ameri-
can consul to visit an English steamer lying in
the port of Liverpool—for what purpose ? To
examine that vessel, to see whether she has
complied with the provisions required by this
law in regard to the accommodation of the
number of immigrants she intends to bring
here, to examine her food, to examine her
warming apparatus, to examine the place
allotted the emigrants, whether the number of
feet provided for in this bill was also provided
for aboard of that ship. And then, when he
has done that, he is required to issue a certifi-
cate and to transmit that certificate to the
commissioner of emigration created tinder this
act. Now, sir, what control, unless by treaty
made between England and the United States—
what control have we over an English vessel
lying in an English port? How far can we
apply any law of Congress in English waters
to an English bottom sailing under the English
flag?
