1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
123
42d Cong....3d Sbss.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. McOrary.
Ho. of Reps.
and better and nobler than that. The people
are aroused upon a subject of the deepest and
most vital interest to them. They believe
there is corruption in high places ; they be-
lieve that the evil is widespread and threat-
ening; they have heard of corruption in
legislative bodies,- of bribery in elections, of
the impeachment of judges for high crimes
and misdemeanors, and they feel now that
if an arrogant corporation has sent its agents
into this Hall to attempt to influence by
corrupt means the action of Congress, it is
high time the House should so act as to vindi-
cate itself, protect its honor, and so far as
possible punish the guilty. Sir, the people
are aroused, and not without cause, and while
our plain duty is to decide these cases upon the
evidence before us, allowing all presumptions
in favor of the innocence of the accused, and
giving no heed to mere clamor, if clamor there
be, we are also bound to remember that we
are considering questions affecting the purity
of the fountain of legislation in this great Re-
public, and that in such an inquiry the inter-
ests of individuals are as nothing when com-
pared to -the_ interests of the whole people as
represented in this body. If corruption here
can be tolerated or excused, the liberties of
the people cannot lpng survive, for there can
be no respect for the laws without respect for
the law-makers.
Mr. Speaker, the question for us in this case
is as to the intent with which certain persons
have performed certain acts. What those
persons have done we all know; the particular
acts are not disputed, and we are simply to
determine the question as to whether or not
these acts were done with a corrupt intent.
I wish to address the House briefly, first,
with reference to the intent with which Mr.
Ames acted; secondly, with reference to the
intent and purpose of those persons with
whom he contracted or sought to contract;
and lastly, with regard to the acts and motives
of Mr. Brooks.
I said that tho acts of these men are not
matters of controversy. The evidence shows
and it is not disputed, that Mr. Ames about
December or January, in the winter of 1867-68,
undertook to dispose of a considerable quan-
tity of the stock of Credit Mobilier to members
of Congress. I think he had conversations or
negotiations with about a dozen members of
the two Houses. He sold or contracted to
sell stock to these gentlemen at par, when it
was worth more than par, when it was worth
at least twice its par value. This must- have
been-for a purpose.
In the nature of things, no man will dispose
of valuable property for half that which it is
worth unless there is some motive which im-
pels him to the act. Mr. Ames has under-
taken to explain this fact. One of the reasons
which he has given in the course of his testi-
mony, and on which he seemed chiefly to rely
in the course of the investigation, was that he
had promised this stock to these gentlemen at
some time prior to the date at which he deliv-
ered it to them, and the inference which he
sought to have us draw from this fact was that
he had made a contract to deliver a certain
number of shares of stock to these gentlemen,
when it was not worth par or not worth more
than par, and that he was therefore bound,
although it had in the mean time risen to a price
much above par value, to carry out that contract
and deliver the stock. But, Mr. Speaker, when
we come to look into the evidence we find that
there is absolutely no foundation for the as-
sertion on the part of Mr. Ames that he
promised this stock to a single member of
Congress prior to the time when it had become
very valuable.
Let me call the attention of the House to
the report before it to show that the first ne-
gotiation which he had with any member of
Congress was after the stock had gone beyond
two hundred, with the exception, I may say,
of Mr. Scofield, of Pennsylvania, with whom
he had some conversation at an earlier day.
When Mr. Ames himself was questioned on
this very point he says that he thinks these
negotiations did not commence before the
summer or fall of 1867. As I shall show the
House these negotiations really* commenced
after the meeting of Congress on the first
Monday in December, 1867.
Mr. Dawes in his testimony says :
"At the commencement of the session in Decem-
ber, 1867, I had due me at the Sergeant-at-Arms'
office $1,000 of my salary that I had then no occa-
sion to use. I asked a colleague of mine, Mr. Wash-
burn, with whom I was rooming at tho time, what
I could best do with it, and he advised me to pur-
chase with it a bond of the Iowa Cedar Rapids
railroad, of Mr. Oakes Ames, saying, that he had
been purchasing of him a large amount of those
bonds for ninety cents on the dollar for his bank,
and he thought it an excellent investment. I ac-
cordingly went to Mr. Ames, and asked him to sell
me such a bond as he had been selling Mr. Wash-
burn. He replied that ho had not got any of these
bonds then, for he had sold them all, but that he
had something else as good, and he thought bettor.
He would let me have for my $1,000 ton shares of
Credit Mobilier stock. I said to him, I did not
know anything about that stock, and asked him
to tell me about it. He replied, 'It is a Penn-
sylvania corporation, which has the contract to
build tho Pacific railroad; it is a good thing,'"
Mr. Patterson, of the Senate testifies as
follows:
"Near the close of 1867, when no man could have
anticipated any further legislation upon this sub-
ject, and since when, if we exoept the transfer of
the office of the company to Boston, there has boen
none, unless giving a construction to a previous act,
on a question raised unexpectedly by tho Secretary
of tho Treasury, may be so considered, Mr. Ames
name over to the Sonato, and proposed to sell rao
thirty shares of stock in the Credit Mobilier. He
represented at the time that ho did this as a friend,
looking to my interest.—Page 185.
Mr. Bingham testifies:
" In December, 1867, Mr. Ames advised me to
invost in stock in the Credit Mobilier, assuring me
it would return me my money with profitable divi-
dends.''—Testimony, page 191.
Mr. Scofield testifies:
" For many years I have been in the habit of in-
vesting in bonds or stocks whatever surplus, how-
ever small, I might have from year to year. In
December, 18G6,1 bought of Mr. Ames some bonds
on the Cedar Eapids and Missouri railroad. In
December, 1867, I spoke to him about getting moro.
He suggested that 1 should take this Credit Mobilier
stock."—Page 204.
Mr. Kelley, though not able to fix the ex-
act date of his first interview with Ames about
the purchase of this stock, remembers that it
was during the session of Congress in cold
weather. It was undoubtedly during the
winter session of 1867 and 1868. So that the
stock was really negotiated in the months of
December, 1867, and January, 1868. I am
satisfied that in every case the negotiations
were commenced after December 1,1867, and
after Congress had assembled.
Now, what was the stock worth at that time ?
And if it was worth more than double its par
value are we not bound to inquire what mo-
tives induced Mr. Ames to sell his stock, or to
offer to sell it, to members of Congress at
par? There is no conflict of testimony upon
this point; it is settled clearly and conclu-
sively. Mr. H. C. Crane, who was the clerk
and confidential agent of Mr. Durant, and who
was an officer in the corporation known as the
Credit Mobilier of America, testifies that Mr.
Brooks got his first hundred shares of stock
on the 24th of December, 1867. Then he is
questioned concerning the value of the stock
at that time, Although he declines to put a
price upon it, he says it was very valuable and
adds, " I should think it was worth consider-
able about that time."
Dr. Durant, speaking of some of the stock
sold December 20, 1867, to JohnB. Alley, says,
"I think it was worth 200 at that time or
more," and this same witness explains the
sudden and extraordinary rise in the value of
this stock a short time prior to that period.
I call the attention of the House to his tes-
timony upon that subject, because it bears
not only upon this point but upon some others
in this discussion. He says:
"But the value of the stock inoreased very sud-
denly. Xhe moment the Oakes Ames contract
was executed there were 84,000,000 of profits on
hand. Xhe stook of the Credit Mobilier suddenly
became very valuable, and everybody who had any
sort of a claim for it came forward and wanted
it."—Page 166.
Now, the Oakes Ames contract, the execu-
tion of which caused this sudden rise in the
value of the stock of the Credit Mobilier, was
executed on the 16th day of August, 1867 ;
and the machinery for carrying out that con-
tract was perfected in October, 1867. Dr.
Durant tells us that when that contract was
executed there was at once $4,000,000 on hand
of profits to be divided among the stockhold-
ers. And hence it was very natural that the
value of that stock should have suddenly and
rapidly increased.
There is no doubt upon these points: first,
that Mr. Ames did not negotiate with these
gentlemen before the stock had risen in value,
because his negotiations were made in Decem-
ber, 1867, and January, 1868; secondly, that
the stock was worth certainly two hundred per
cent, and in all probability three or four hun-
dred per cent, at the time he went to these
gentlemen and offered to sell it to them it
par.
I am requested by Mr. Ames to say that
according to his memorandum book Senator
Patterson contracted for his stock in August,
1867. I have read the testimony of Senator
Patterson to the effect that it was in Decem-
ber, 1867. And inasmuch as Congress was in
session in December and was not in session in
August, I think the testimony of Senator Pat-
teuton is probably correct. However. 1 am
very willing that whatever there is in that
statement should be considered for whatever
it is worth. I am not only willing but very
anxious that the House should be informed
of every fact and circumstanee in any degree
favorable to Mr. Ames.
Now let us inquire as to the motives of Mr.
Ames. If there is any way by which any gen-
tleman can demonstrate that Mr. Ames had no
corrupt purpose, that he did not seek to place
this stock in the hands of-members of Congress
with a view to influence their official conduct,
no one would rejoice more than I would to see
that fact demonstrated. But the facts that are
established by this testimony lead me irresist-
ibly to the conclusion that his motive was to
influence the official conduct of members of
both Houses of Congress, with reference not
so much to the interests of the Pacific Railroad
Company as to the interests of the Credit Mo-
bilier Company, which was another interest
altogether. We must judge of men's motives
by their acts and their declarations, viewed in
the light of surrounding circumstances. I have
spoken of Mr. Ames's acts, and of some of the
surrounding circumstances. Let us now ex-
amine some of his declarations.
The letters of Mr. Ames have already been
referred to. But I beg leave to call attention
once more to some passages in those letters,
because upon them Mr. Ames is convicted out
of bis own mouth. Let us look at these letters
and consider whether they can be construed
as meaning anything else than that the pur-
pose of Mr. Ames was to control and influence
members of Congress in their official conduct.
In the letter of January 25, 1868, to Mr.
McComb, Mr. Ames writes :
"You say I must not put too much in one locality.
I have assigned, as far as I have gone, to four from
Massachusetts, one from New Hampshire, one from
Delaware, one from Tennessee, one Ohio, two Penn-
sylvania, one Indiana, one Maine, and I have three
to place, which I shall put where they will do most
good to us."
