1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
Mr. POTTER. I understand from the com- ,
mi.xyiiin itself they never bad over $1,000 upon
depoc-it in the bank a: any lime. Of that amount
there was in the bank at the titue of its failure
the sum of S UM, of which since that time
I hey have recovered jkV, as I stated, and that
is a.l there is of that pretended abuse. And
if t-.me were afforded, equally significant an-
swers could be made to other charges lately
mad« thro igh the public press here.
L!ut without ret'erriug to them nivself, for I
have not time in which to do it, 1 shall now
the Clerk to read from a remonstrance
from the Chamber of Commerce ot the city of
New York, addressed to this House in opposi-
tion to this b.li, the views of that chamber in
reference to tins very commission, as the very
best answer that can be mude to what has been
said by the gentleman. The statement, be it
remembered, of practical merchants on the
spot familiar with the facta, a very large por-
tion of them Republicans, in respect of the
manner in which this long-established charity
has been administered by this commission.
The Clerk read as follows:
"In short. this commission is a blessing to the
immigrant and .in honor to the State and city of
New York, and is acknowledged as such by all
Karope.
' rtU; it has reached this enviable position is
eminently dae to the faithful discharge of their
tnu: on the p.art of the commissioners, andundoubt-
e4iy also to tbe fortunate circumstance that political
. r i  r'.y c , mm derations did not affect the ortriniia-
ti m ■■>!" the board or influence its action. It consisted
of unsalaried, non-partisan commissioners, who
were o<>t liable to arbitrary removal, and who.
alter adopting a plan of action, suggested by no
other c- r.?ideration than to accomplish the greatest
good wita the means at hand, could steadily pursue
the coarse experience taught them to be beet; could
train a corps ot' faithful employes, and thus combine
economy with the greatest efficiency.
"To illustrate thestible and permanent features
of the urbanization, so indispensable to success.it is
only necess-iry to mention that the honorable and
venerable tiulian C. Verplanck was its president for
more than twen'v-two years, from 1S43 till the time
of his death in laTO; that several of the commission-
en served for terms of from ten to fourteen years;
and that the general agent had been with the board
from the beginning, i. a quarter of a century. No
other commission appointed by the Legislature
within the last twenly-tive years has dope more
good and deserved more general approbation than
oar immigration commission. True, complaints
have from time to time been made against it, and last
year they became sufficiently serious to attract
the attention of the Legislature: but we are not
aware that the investigating committee has brought
to I tight any serious offenses, and we know that pre-
viously the complaints generally proved frivolous,
if not entirely groundless." ■>•***
" With these facts before us. it may well provoke a
stronger feeling than mere regret to see the persistent
eff.rts in C <ngres.- to destroy an instill)' on -o univer-
sal y u"t fui and beneficent, and to give us in lieu of
it. what ? .Salaried commissioners of immigration,
immigrant inspectors, superintendents of immigra-
tion. ispn •_«, chief clerks and other clcrks.mcssengers,
Ac., all more or less dependents of a single in-
dividual nnder the supervision of a distant Govern-
ment officer, whose personal attention is rendered
imp-.s^ioleby the claims of his other most important
dntie=: alt. it is not uncharitable to suppose, owing
their appointment to other reasons than peculiar
fitness for the office; all without practical experi-
ence in tbe business, and ignorant of the wants of
immigrants."
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I desire to ask a
question of the gentleman from New York. I
know he is a good lawyer, and I wish to ask
hira whether the Supreme Court of the United
States ban not expressly decided that this head
money whioh tbe city of New \ ork levies upon
immigrants is unconstitutional and unlawlul;
and wh<-'her subsequently the State did not
change the form of the law imposing the tax,
but levying it still, and since that time the
question has never been decided in the courts ?
Mr. POTTER. It is not believed that the
" head money,'' as the gentleman calls it,
which is levied in our State ignnconstitutional.
On the contrary, it is believed to be constitu-
tional on the authority of the decisions of the
Supreme Court in the passenger cases, so
called
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Will the gentleman
allow rr.c to hav: part of the decision in those
ca^f'S rf-ad ?
Mr. POTTER. The opinions in those cases I
are immensely long, and I cannot therefore
out of mv brief time allow them to be read.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I wish only to read,
and would like the gentleman to explain, three
lines from the decision of Judge McLean:
"The act of New York which imposes a tax on
passengers from a foreign port in the manner pro-
vided is a regulation of foreign commerce, which
is exclusively vested iu Congress; and the act is
therefore void."
Mr. POTTER. My answer to the gentle-
man must be that this ''head money " is not
at present imposed '• in the manner provided"
in the act then under consideration.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I know that the
State of New York has changed the form of
the act a little, but I believe the substnuce of
the provision is the same.
Mr. POTTER. We have escaped the con-
stitutional difficulty by chauging the form of
the act. It was very likely changed for the
purpose of escaping the constitutional diffi-
culty. The change was made some years ago,
and nobody, so far as I am aware, has ques-
tioned the constitutionality of the present act
upon this subject.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I agree that the
change was made for the purpose of escaping
the constitutional difficulty.
Mr. POTTER. Then we agree upon that
point, and there is no constitutional difficulty
to be considered.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this great charity, "this
blessing to the immigrant and honor to the
State," aa these merchants of the Chamber of
Commerce call it, than which, they say, uo com-
mission that ever existed in the State has done
more good, and deserved more general ap-
probation, is administered by the commis-
sioners without any fee, reward, or salary.
The gentlemau from Missouri said its benefi-
cence was only realized by a small portion of
the immigrants. B t out of the whole num-
ber of passengers from whom " head money"
was collected from 1840 to 1872, amounting
to 5,033,000 in number, not less than 1,465,579
received relief during that time out of the
money thus collected.
Mr. CONGER. How much relief?
Mr. POTTER. Enough to exhaust the fund.
Mr. CONGER. No, sir. Have not the com-
missioners out of this fund erected buildings
worth to-day more than $2,000,000?
Mr. POTTER. I presume they have erected
buildings out of that fund, though not at any
such cost as the gentleman suggests j but those
very buildings are now used to shelter the
lunatics and paupers among these very immi-
grants.
Mr. CONGER. Have not the commission-
ers ppent $2,000,000 in erecting buildings?
Mr. POTTER.* My answer is that I under-
stand they have not.
Mr. CONGER. I understand that they
hare.
Mr. POTTER. Now, what does the gentle-
man from Michigan propose to substitute for
this " head money ? " Any less charge on the
ship-owner or immigrant? Not at all, but a
similar tax of $1 50 per head to be paid to a
United States official. What is he to do with
it? Indeed, what better for the immigrant can
he do with it? Haa the Government of the
United States any power, no matter how good
the commissioner may be, to establish poor-
houses, lunatic asylums, and other institutions
of that description now carried on in the State
of New York in aid of immigrants ? For it
should be recollected that the jurisdiction of
the State of New York in providing for these
immigrants reaches all the way from New
York city to Lake Erie and Canada. Gentle-
men say that nine tenths of these immigrants do
not remain in New York twenty-four hours;
but, sir, so far is this from being so, that of the
immigrants coming from GreatBritain seventy-
five per cent, remain permanently this side the
Alleglianies, while of those coming from Ger-
many twenty-five per cent, do the same. It is,
indeed, usually longer than twenty-four hours
i before any considerable portion of them pass
from the limits of the State, and those who go
on at once are not those needing aid ; and if
they return at any tinae within five years within
the State, as many of them do, they can if
needing it receive assistance from this same
fund.
For this wise charity which has operated
thus successfully, whicn is administered thus
creditably, it is now proposed hastily and with
nothing but this brief and imperfect debate to
substitute a commissioner appointed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, with power to ex-
amine foreign ships in foreign ports, superin-
tend the shipment there of foreign citizens,
receive them in Federal territory on arriving,
contract with the railroads for their transport-
ation, and exercise police supervision over
them and their means of transport to their
destination. To effect this it will be necessary
to build up under the sanction of the General
Government a great bureau with many officers
and great expenses at the discretion of the
Secretary of the Treasury, not merely at New
York, but at every considerable port in the
country, and with what result? \ear by year
the expenses will swell. Year by year abusps
will increase. Corrupt contracts will presently
be made with railways. I know a provision is
inserted in this bill that this officer shall not
be interested in any railroads; but how can
any law prevent it? The very provisiou indi-
cates the danger to be apprehended.
What, indeed, will probably happen, must,
I think, happen from the very nature of things,
■ • if this plan goes into operation. First, that
ji the immigrants will be landed on Federal ter-
|l ritory, and we have in the buy of New Yoik
' but one island large enough to receive them;
' that is Governor's Island. What will then be
easier for the superintendent of immigration,
'■ with the great power at his command under
. this bill, than to then contract with, let us nay
for illustration, the Pennsylvania Central Rail-
road Company for the transportation of these
immigrants? With such a contract they could
be put on a ferry-boat and transported from
Governor's Island to Jersey City without ever
; touching the State of New York. Then tliey
i can all be earried by that great railroad where
ever they may wish to go, or, if they have no
plans, as the railway officials may suggest to
them. None of the other routes couid then
compete for this traffic, while the poor, the
maimed, the halt, and the lunatic would, I
fear, be turned adrift into New York, New
Jersey, Pennsylvania, or elsewhere, to be
cared for by the local authorities. That, I
apprehend, will be the practical working of
this bill, which leaves the immigrant subject
to a like charge from the Federal Government
to that which he is now subjected, and opens
the way for the charge being repeated by the
State with no possible advantage to the im-
migrant, but the contrary.
Pray, Mr. Speaker, who is there in the en-
tire couutry who desires the change proposed
by this bill? Is it the mayor of the city of New
York just elected by Republican votes? He
was one of the original founders of this very
commission of immigration. Is it recom- -
mended by the Republican Governor and the
Republican Legislature of New York? Cer-
tainly not. I doubt not when they can be heard
it will be to resist the charge. Is it the Pwe-
publican merchants of the city of New York?
Their declaration is here by their Chamber of
Commerce against this bill. Is it any of the
representatives of foreign Governments? So
far as their views are known they have, I
believe, regarded the change as not for the
interest of tne immigrants. Who, then, seek for
it? Beyond the gentleman from Port Huron,
[Mr. Conger,] who I believe always desires to
have a commission appointed by the United
States for almost everything, and those gen-
tlemen here who are always ready to add lo
