126
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25,
Ho. of Eeps.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. McCvary.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
conclusion that these men were, from ignor-
ance or some other cause, absolutely pure
as to their motives.
Mr. McCRARY. The considerations to
which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Moore] has adverted would apply perhaps with
more force to some gentlemen who are not
members of the House at this time than any
with whom we have to deal. Some things
which have occurred since the original trans-
action might and should be considered in de-
termining and settling the question of motive
in the original transaction. But I think any
gentleman who has examined the ease will
agree with the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Merrick] and the committee that nothing
which has transpired since the original trans-
action in the cases of any of these gentlemen
is sufficient to overcome the positive and direct
testimony which there was before us as to the
nature of that original transaction. If it be
true that some gentlemen who had agreed to
purchase this stock were alarmed for their rep-
utation when they saw Mr. Ames's letters in
print, and when, as they declare and as I be-
lieve, they had their first intimation as to his
original guilty purpose, I doubt whether the
fact of that alarm should be set down aa proof
of their original guilty purpose.
It is not true that all of these gentlemen have
received large dividends. Nor is it true that
large dividends alone would have proven the
existence of anything fraudulent or wrong. It
is true that they were alarmed at the prospect
of a lawsuit and that some of them, upon
hearing of that, very soon after they had con-
tracted to take the stock, went to Mr. Ames
and sought to have the contract canceled. But
I see no evidence of corruption in that fact.
Almost any gentleman would hesitate to be
a stockholder in a corporation if a lawsuit
was threatened affecting its property and its
rights, affecting even its rightto its charter, as
did the threatened litigation in this case.
But, Mr. Speaker, my time is almost out,
and I pass to the case of Mr. Brooks. He was
appointed a Government director October 3,
1867. He entered upon the active duties of
his office certainly as early as January 2,1808;
and during all the time from March 4, 1867, he
was a member of Congress. Prior to March,
1867, but subsequently I have no doubt to his
election to the Fortieth Congress, he claims
thathe had some conversation with Mr. Durant
by reason of which Mr. Durant was under some
moral obligation, but under no legal obliga-
tion, to let him have ten, or fifteen, or perhaps
twenty shares of this stock. There was no
contract between them. Neither of them pre-
tends that there was a contract between them.
There w.as simply a conversation, somewhat
loose in its terms ; so loose and indefinite that
it seems they never were able to agree as to
what it was, but were obliged to compromise
as they did afterward as to what Mr. Brooks
should receive in satisfaction of his claim. It
was under this pretended contract that Mr.
Brooks received his first hundred shares of
stock.
I am unable to believe that Mr. Durant
would have recognized that as a binding obli-
gation, if Mr. Brooks had not been in an
official position. But I will waive that point
as the committee have waived it. The point
to which 1 now "call attention is that the
hundred shares of stock and the other securi-
ties that were turned over to Mr. Brooks
uiong with those shares were given to him in
full as a complete settlement.and cancellation
of all claims which he had upon Dr. Durant
by reason of that contract or conversation,
whatever it may have been.
The testimony on this question is conclu-
sive. Mr. Brooks claimed of Dr. Durant
fifteen or twenty shares of the stock. Dr.
Durant was unable to furnish them to him,
and did not deem that he was under any
promise to let him have so much. Finally,
they settled the whole controversy by a com-
promise ; and Mr. Brooks received from Dr.
Durant one hundred shares of stock in the
Credit Mobilier, $5,000 in first mortgage
bonds of the Union Pacific Railroad Company,
and two hundred shares of stock in the same
company. These things were received in full
settlement and as a complete cancellation of
all claims of Mr. Brooks upon Dr. Durant by
reason of that contract.
The stock was issued to Mr. Neilson, but it
was paid for by Mr. Brooks. It was negotia-
ted for by Mr. Brooks. It was claimed by
Mr. Brooks. It was in settlement of a con-
tract, or pretended contract, made between
Dr. Durant and Mr. Brooks ; and turning it
over to Mr. Neilson did not change the essence
of the transaction at all. The entry in the
cash-book of Dr. Durant, which was in evidence
before us upon this transaction, is as follows :
" Cash-book :
"December 24,1867.—Stock account Credit Mobi-
lier of America for transferring to J. Bbooks's son-in-
law one hundred shares stock at par, with the five
bonds Union Pucifio Railroad Company, and two
hundred Union Pacific stock aa earnings on the
stock, $7,000 cash; draft, duo22d of January, $3,000=
$10,000."'
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man's time lias expired.
Mr. POLAND. Does the gentleman from
Iowa desire an extension of his time.
Mr. McCEAEY. I should like to have the
indulgence of the House for a short time in
which to conclude my remarks.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman's
time will be extended.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. McCRARY. This settlement between
Dr. Durant and Mr. Brooks resulted in this
way. Mr. Brooks paid to Dr. Durant $10,000
for which he received one hundred shares in
the Credit Mobilier which was worth at least
$20,000. He received $5,000 first mortgage
bonds of the Union Pacific Railroad Company
which the testimony shows was worth eighty-
five cents, making $4,250. He received two
hundred shares of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company stock worth about thirty-five ■ cents,
amountingto $7,000, making $31,250 which he
received for his $10,000, ora profit of $21,250.
Dr. Durant swears he considered that as a
full and final settlement of the obligation he
was under to Mr. Brooks.
It seems about this time Dr. Durant went to
Europe ; and after he had left Mr. Brooks pre-
ferred the claim against the Credit Mobilier
for fifty additional shares. The claim was
based upou the allegation that being the
owner of one hundred shares originally he or
Mr. Neilson was entitled to fifty per cent, which
had been authorized in the spring of 1867.
But, Mr. Speaker, the testimony shows be-
yond any question whatever that this claim
was utterly unfounded. Durant swears as fol-
lows, on page 106:
" Question. Had you taken all the additional stock
to which you were entitlod on thcstockyouhad ?
"Answer. I think so; on all the stock that stood
in my name.
" Question. When you transferred the one hun-
dred shares to Mr. Neilson, did he acquire any right
to purchase fifty additional shares ?
"Answer. No, the time had passed.
" Question. And you had received the increase,
also ?
"Answer. If it stood in my name, I had.
" Question. But it did stand in your name, did it
not?
"Answer. It did.
" Question. So that no right passed over to him to
have that additional stock?
"Answer. Oh, no."
That is the testimony of Dr. Durant. He
himself had drawn fifty per cent, upon this
very identical one hundred shares which he
had turned over to Mr. Brooks, and Mr.
Brooks had acquired no right to the fifty
additional, first, because the time had long
since passed; and secondly, that one hundred
shares having once borne its fruit of fifty per
cent, could not give any claim to any addi-
tional fifty per cent. On page 165 Dr. Durant
testifies as follows:
"Question. Did you ever have anything to do with
Neilson?
"Answer. The only time i ever had anything to
do with Neilson was after X had returned from
Europe, when he came and asked about the divi-
dends on tho fifty shares. I asked him what fifty
shares; that ho had no business with any fifty
shares; that I had settled up everything ne was
entitled to."
Mr. McComb swears to the same fact.
But, Mr. Speaker, if Mr. Brooks was enti-
tled to fifty additional shares, why did they draw
up a formal writing and carry it to Boston and
perhaps elsewhere to get signatures of a ma-
jority of the stockholders of the Credit Mobil-
ier of America before the officer could issue
these additional shares? Why, except for the
reason that all the gentlemen connected with
the transaction knew very well that Mr. Brooks
had no right to that additional fifty shares and
he could.only have it by obtaining a contract,
not with Dr. Durant but with the stockholders
of the Credit Mobilier, by which they agreed
this additional fifty should be given to him ? It
is, I am sorry to say, too evident that this
claim for fifty additional shares was utterly
unfounded.
Now, as-the result of these two transactions,
it will be found that for the sum of $15,000 Mr.
Brooks received securities worth at least
$40,250, making on the transactions $31,250
as profit.
A more exact statement is as follows:
Mr. Brooks received:
100 shares stock Credit Mobilier of America
worth $20,000
$5,000 in first mortgage bonds worth  4,250
200 shares Union Pacific railroad stock worth 7,000
50 additional shares stock Credit Mobilier of
Amorioa worth    15,000
_ Total .",  46,250
Forwhioh he paid  15,000
Profit $31^250
Now will anybody say that if any other per-
son had gone to the officers of the Credit
Mobilier and insisted, under these circum-
stances, upon the issuing of these additional
fifty shares of stock, that the claim would have
been entertained for a single moment? Can
anybody doubt that this claim was conceded,
and these additional fifty shares of stock were
issued to Mr. Brooks because he occupied
these official positions which enabled him to
demand from them this favor? Can anybody
question but that he knew perfectly well that
he was placing himself under obligation to
this corporation for these favors which he
would feel bound or which they would expect
him to return ? The fact that this corrupt
transaction was designed under the flimsy
cover of a pretended claim does not relieve it.
Some such disguise may be expected in every
case of bribery or corruption. We must go
through the disguise to the real transaction.
With regard to the fact that this stock was
placed in the name of Mr. Neilson, I think I
shall not take up any time of the House in
adverting to that. It is patent to every one
who has examined this testimony carefully
that the transaction was with Mr. Brooks.
Dr. Durant so testified ; Mr. Crane so testi-
fied ; all the witnesses so testified. And the
fact that the stock was placed in the name of
Mr. Neilson, so far from relieving the trans-
action, only makes it worse for Mr. Brooks,
because it shows that he must have felt that
the transaction was not such as he could
properly go into in his own name, and in his
own person.
I will content myself with quoting without
comment some of the testimony upon this
point.
