462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
the powers and duties of the United States, I
am at a loss to know who favor this bill.
For myself. Mr. Speaker, I believe far from
promoting immigration this bill will, for vari-
ous reasons which I have not time to state,
preveut immigration: so far from amelior-
ating the condition of the immigrant it will
tend in every way to the contrary; that it will
open the door to great expenditures and
abuses under the name of the tederal Govern-
ment wrth no possible advantage to the immi-
grant : to dangerous interference with the car-
riers, and generally to the substitution, with-
out the slightest compensating advantage, of a
bad system for a good one ; official manage-
ment and abuse for a wise and commendable
charity.
New York State, be it remembered, is all
Republican. The personnel of this commis-
sion can be entirely changed, if the party in
power wish, into Republican. To that I shall
object nothing. What objection I make to
this bill I make in the interest, not of party,
but of the immigrant and of good government
alone.
Mr. WOOD. I will yield now to my col-
league [Mr. W. R. Roberts.]
TheSPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Mayxakd
in the cbair.) Tt now wants but ten minutes
to four o'clock, and the House has unan-
imously agreed to call the previous question
at four o'clock. The gentleman's hour would
not expire until eighteen minutes after four
o'clock. If no one shall demand the previous
question at four o'clock, his titne would run
on until eighteen minutes past four o'clock.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope by unan-
imous consent that will be agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It was a part
of the agreement by unanimous consent that
at four o'clock the previous question should
be
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. There was no such
understanding on my part.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not say
that, but that is the construction put upon the
order of the House.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. The House may
second the previous question or not as it
pleases.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The under-
standing of the present occupant of the chair
is that, under the agreement, the previ6us
question is to be called at four o'clock. If
the call should not be sustained, of coarse the
gentleman will be on the floor.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. The understanding
was that the previous question should becallea
at four o'clock, or as soon thereafter as pos-
sible. -
Mr. WOOD. I will, then, yield to my col-
league for five minutes, with the understand-
ing, if I am to have eighteen minutes addi-
tional, T shallyield to him for a longer time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will occupy the floor for eight minutes,
unless by unanimous consent the House
agrees not to call the previous question at four
o'clock. It will require unanimous consent
to vary the order by which the previous ques-
tion is to be called.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope there will
be unanimous consent.
Mr. CONGER, I hope the previous ques-
tion will be called at the time specified.
Mr. WOOD. Then I can only yield to my
colleagde for five minutes. I shall need a
minute or two in which to make my motion.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. It is almost impos-
sible for rae, Mr. Speaker, to do justice to this
bill in the short space of five minutes which
has been allotted to me, and I shall proceed
in the hope the House will extend my time a
few minutes, if I shall so desire.
I deem this a measure of immense import-
ance, not only to the people of this country,
but, especially to the people of the city of New
York. It is one in which they have a deeper,
broader, and more enduring interest than any
other portion of the United States. Of the
vast numberof immigrants which have coine to
our shores from Europe, five millions, or nearly
five sixths of them, since 1847, have landed at
the port of New York. The city of New
York, composed as it is to a very great extent
of toreign-born citizens and their children,
takes a deep interest in this question, because
these people are brought directly in contact
with their countrymen of various nationalities
who land there, and upon them to a great ex-
tent devolves the duty of looking to their
interests, their health, and their prosperity
when they land upon our shores.
Now, sir, this bill, in my opinion, instead
of being designated a bill to increase and en-
courage immigration, should be designated a
bill to discourage immigration. This would
be the effect of it, no matter in what spirit it
may have been conceived ; and I do not suppose
that the gentlemen who have brought it before
the House were animated by any hostile or
unfriendly spirit.' Indeed, if I had entertained
any such opinion, my qiiiid would have been
thoroughly disabused of it, after hearing the
eloquent remarks of the gentleman who, on
behalf of the Committee on Commerce, re-
ported the bill to the House.
But, sir, I say that there are provisions in
this bill which can be so construed as to
prevent immigration to our shores, and not
only that, but which would drive the great
mass of those who Seek our shores to land on
neighboring territory. Why, sir, if we carry
out the provisions of this bill, instead of the
rate of passage for poor immigrants being
ten or fifteen or twenty dollars, as the case
may be, it will be increased to a hundred
dollars or more, because it requires a space
for the accommodation of immigrants which
it 'will be perfectly impossible to allot to
them on any vessel, unless the charge is so
vastly increased that it will be impossible for
any poor man to pay it. That is one of the
features of this bill. There are others which
are equally obnoxious. For instance, in the
seventeenth section it is provided that all im-
migrants with whom the first officer of the
vessel does not mess shall be considered as
steerage immigrants, and that all immigrants
with whom the first officer shall mess shall be
considered as cabin passengers, so that all that
is needed to evade the tax of ten dollars
for the death of every steerage passenger, as
provided for in section fourteen, is for the
first officer to mess with them. But this is
insignificant compared with the great evil
which the bill is calculated to work against the
interests of the poor and helpless emigrants
who are left to the charity of a great city, with-
out any special interest or institution to pro-
tect and aid them ; for I cannot believe that
the United States is going to build hospitals
and homes throughout the country for the
special benefit of the sick and the penni-
less. It is not the purpose of this bill to
follow the example of the great State of New
York in providing shelter and employment
for the needy and the distressed emigrant,
and provide him with a return passage to his
native land at any time within five years after
his landing here. AH of this is now done
by my State without costing the people of the
United States a single dollar, while this bill,
if it becomes a law, will qost the country hun-
dreds of thousand of dollars annually. It will
create a horde of hungry officials, who will
have no sympathy for the poor emigrant, and
will only be concerned in depleting'the public
Treasury, and I should like to ask the men of
the North and South and West if they are
willing to be taxed for maintaining an extra
corps of Federal officials in our seaboard cities,
and especially in the city of New York, where
they are pretty abundant already?
Who asks for this bill? Not the merchants
of New York. Their Chamber of Commerce
has appealed to this House strongly in oppo-
sition. Not the emigrants or their country-
men, as they have, through the officers of their
chief benevolent societies, petitioned this body
to defeat this bill. Have the citizens of New
York State or city, the latter of whom are sup-
posed to know something about the treatment
, of emigrants, have they asked for this bill,
or have they requested the General Govern-
ment to take charge of a matter of such deep
and vital interest to them? By no means?
Why, then, should we interfere with a system
that is acknowledged by all who have studied
the workings of the emigrant commission of
the State of New York to be so wise, sO just,
and so humane in its treatment of the emigrant
who flies from oppression and unrequited toil
to our shores, where labor is amply rewarded
and freedom is the heritage of all.
For every measure honestly calculated to
protect the lives, the rights, the morals of the
emigrant on the passage to our country, I shall
give my hearty support and approval, but to
this bill I offer my unqualified opposition.
Our Empire State and our imperial city can
manage their own affairs. We do not require
the aid of the Federal Government. We are
only too thankful when they keep their hands
from meddling in our politics, our business,
and our foreign and domestic commerce. We
can boast of greater charities, greater wealth,
more enterprise, and more generous sympa-
thies with the unfortunate and the oppressed
! than any city of equal population in the
world. And we believe, and not without good
grounds, as our history proves, that we are
fully competent to protect and provide for the
stranger who lands upon our shores, either
i with the intention of remaining or in transitu
'• to other States or Territories.
I [Here the hammer fell.]
I Mr. WOOD. I now resume the floor, and
demand the previous question on my motion,
i The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
position of the question. The gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Conger] enters a motion to
recommit the bill, and the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] moves to amend that
motion so as to send the bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
instead of to the Committee on Commerce,
and on that demands the previous question.
Mr. CONGER. If I have the floor now I
withdraw the motion to recommit, and move
the previous question on the bill and substitute.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. If that motion is in
order I trust it will be voted down. The bill
is of so much importance that it ought to go
to the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Conger] can withdraw his motion
to recommit, which would also withdraw the
amendment. But the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] being still on the floor
could move to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. CONGER. Then I do not withdraw
my motion. I thought I had the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could not
get the floor till four o'clock, and before that
hour had arrived the gentleman from New
York had moved the previous question. The
question is on seconding the demand for the
previous question on the motion to recommit
the bill. •-
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it not on the
motion to refer to the Committee of the
Whole ?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
should be seconded, the question would first
be on referring to the Committee of the Whole,
that being the amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
46, noes 49 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Conger and Mr.
Wood.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I ask the Chair to state
