128
APPEKDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25,
Ho. 01? Reps.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Farnsworth.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
this report against the two members of this
body whom the committee propose to expel.
As to Mr. Oakes Ames, the charge -in brief
is that being largely interested in the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, and apprehensive
that there might be legislation by Congress
hostile to such interest, Mr. Ames sold to divers
prominent and leading members of Congress
stock of the Credit Mobelier of America at
prices very much below its real value, with the
intent and for the purpose of interesting said
members, should such hostile legislation be
attempted. That I am correct in this sum-
mary of the charge, I refer the House to the
statement itself of the committee, as set forth
on page 4 of the printed report. That state-
ment is in these words:
"The members of Congress with whom he dealt
were generally those who had been friendly and
favorable to a Paoific railroad, and Mr, Ames did
not fear or expect to find them favorable to move-
ments hostile to it; but he desired to stimulate
their activity and watchlulness in opposition to any
unfavorable action by giving them a personal in
terest in the success of the enterprise, especially so
far as it affected the interest of the Credit Mobilier
Company."
It was under the apprehension that there
might be in the future, in some indefinable
shape which could not be anticipated, some
legislation proposed or done, as is sometimes
done here, which should be hostile to the
rights of the Pacific railroad. And Mr. Ames
desired to so interest members of Congress
as to stimulate their activity and attract their
attention to the subject. That is the statement
of this committee.
Again, this intention or design of Mr.
Ames to influence the members who purchased
this Credit Mobilier stock was never in any
instance communicated to them. Upon that
subject the committee say, on page 8 of their
report:
" In his negotiations with those members of Con-
gress, Mr. Auks made no suggestion that he desired
to secure their favorable influence in Congress in
favor of the j ail roa d company, 3.11 d whenever the
question was raised as to whether the ownership of
this stock would in any way intorfere with or embar-
rass them in their action as members of Congress, he
assured them it would not.
" The committee, therefore, do not find, as to the
members of the present House above named, that
they wore aware of the object of Mr, Ames, or that
they h:id any other purpose m taking this stock than
to make a profitable investment,."
And the committee also say on the same
page that "they have not been able to find
that any of these members of Congress have
been affected in their official action in conse-
quence of their interest in Credit Mobilier
stock."
Again, and 1 must be brief in making this
statement of the points made by the commit-
tee, the committee say, in speaking of the
character of this stock :
" The Credit Mobilier Company was a State cor-
poration, not subject to congressional legislation,
and the fact that its profits were expected to be de-
rived from building the Union Pacific road did not,
apparently, create such an interest in that company
as to disqualify the holder of Credit Mobilier stock
from participating in any legislation affecting the
railroad company."
Nor is it charged that Mr. Ames urged any
one to take the stock. On the contrary, it is
proved that several of the members of Con-
gress who did thus purchase stock of him
themselves made the first advance, either by
Consulting him in reference to an advantage-
ous investment, or in some other manner which
led to the purchase of the stock.
Then what in brief is the statement of the
committee against Oakes Ames? It is, first,
that he bribed his friends; second, that they
did not know they were bribed; 1 bird, that
they were not affected by the bribe; and
fourth, that neither Ames nor the persons
bribed knew what those persons were to do
or to abstain from doing in consideration for
the bribes.
And yet this committee concludes this report
by charging that Mr. Ames is guilty of bribery
because he made these sales of stock. Now I
cannot so understand the law of the land. In
the first place, one man cannot commit bribery
any more than one person can commit a con-
spiracy, or any more than one person can
commit matrimony. [Laughter.] It requires
two parties.
And again, there cannot be bribery unless
the person bribed is to do or to abstain from
doing something. The idea that I may bribe
a fellow-member by making him a present or
doing him a favor without in any way notify-
ing him what 1 expect him to do or not to do
for that present, or without having even in my
own brain any idea of what he is to do or not
to do, but that I am only apprehensive that
some time in the distant future something may
occur that may prejudice my interest when I
may need the assistence of my friend, as they
say Mr. Ames did favors to his friends for
some future possibility—all that is absurd.
Is that bribery ? In the first place, a man
does not bribe his friends, those who are
already committed to his side of the case and
in iavor of his interest. Bribes are given to men
to convert them, to change them. They are
offered to those who are disinclined in order
to prevail upon them to. do what the briber
desires them to do.
The committee say in this report that all
these parties who invested in this stock were
already the friends of this railroad company,
the friends of the enterprise in which Mr.
Ames was engaged. This is the statement so
far as Mr. Ames is concerned.
Now as to Mr. Buookh, of New York. In
the first place it is well for the House to re-
member and to consider the fact which appears
in the testimony, and which appears also upon
the records of this House, that from April,
186G-, until March, 1867, Mr. Brooks was not
a member of Congress. Now it, so happens
that it was during this very time when Mr.
Brooks was in no way connected, with this
body, and under no greater obligations of
duty with reference to this matter than was
Dr. Durant or Mr. Dillon or any of the rest of
the gentlemen engaged in this enterprise—it
was during this very time that Mr. Brooks first,
made the negotiation for stock in the Credit,
Mobiler. Gentlemen who were members of
Congress at that time remember very well the
contested-election case of Mr. Brooks and
Mr. Dodge, when the House held that Mr.
Dodge was rightfully entitled to (lie seat for
which Mr, Brooks held the certiticate. Mr.
Brooks therefore was ruled out and Mr.
Dodge ruled in.
It appears, as T said before, from the testi-
mony of Mr. Durant, that " in the early part of
1867, or late in 1860, Mr. Brooks, who had
always taken adeep interest in the road, under-
took to assist in getting the stock of the Credit
Mobilier taken," It was not then so valuable
as afterward ; but Mr. Brooks even then,
after making energetic efforts to get his friends
to take several hundred thousand dollars of
this stock, proposed himself to take from
fifteen to twenty-five thousand dollars of it.
This was before he was a member of Congiess.
best there may he doubt with regard to this
point, let me refer to the testimony of Mr.
Durant on page 164:
" QucxthnK State what, the tiansaction was be -
tweenyou aiuWlr. Euooks.
"A■ fvr. In tho early part of 18fi7, or lato 111 1806,
theCredit Jlobilior executive committee made prop-
ositions to 1 he Union Pacific railroad, A-t that time
the Union Pacific railroad was owing some money."
> * ^ •l! "Tho stock was increased fitty
per ccnt., and the amouiii, paid on the increaso was
returned less fifteen per cent., taking tile bonds at
85, which the Credit Mobilier paid for it. That was
the first sale of bonds, J. think, the Union Pacitic
Railroad Company made. About that time many
parties in interest were desirous of placing a por-
tion of the stock; and it was about that tune I had
my first conversation with Mr. Brooks relative to
the affairs of the Credit Mobilier. Mr, Brooks
thought he would be able to place four or five hun-
dred thousand dollar" of these securities, and X
offered him if he would do so, or could do so. a com-
mission of five per cent. 1 went with him, I know,
to one party, C. K. Garrison. Mr. Brooks told me
at various times that, he was trying to place it, and
said that he would like to take fifteen to twenty
thousand dollars of it himself."
Afterward Mr. Durant says in another
part of his testimony that the amount was from
fifteen to twenty-five' thousand dollars.
Again, with reference to the appointment
of Mr. Brooks as a Government director of
this road: Much stress is laid in the argu-
ment of the chairman of the committee upon
the fact that Mr. Brooks was a Government
director, whose duty it was to see that the
rights and interests of the Government in the
road were duly protected. While I do not be-
lieve, Mr. Speaker, that the House of Repre-
sentatives has any right to try Mr. Brooks as
a Government director of the railroad, that
this matter if it can have any effect at all can
only have effect as a makeweight, that it is aside
from the issue to be tried, that we have no busi-
ness to try it, yet, by way of reply to the gen-
tleman from Vermont, and to set this matter
right, 1 call the attention of the House to the
fact stated by the Assistant Secretary of the
Interior, Mr. Cowan, in a note which I find
on page '243 of the testimony :
" Washington, January 20,1873.
"Rib: Hon. James Brooks, of New York, was
commissioned a Government director of the Union
Pacific railroad for tho torm of ono year from the 3d
day ot' October, 1867 : and tho oath of ofiice filed by
Inm in this .Department was taken March 23,1868."
Mr. Brooks was never a Government direct-
or until March, 1868, after he had taken the
oath ol' office. Though the commission may
have been issued to him before, that was noth-
ing but a nomination, an appointment, to take
effect when he should qualify. Although he
may have taken his seat on the board before
that, as it seems from the testimony he did in
January, 1868, he was not a Government direct-
or until he took the oath of office, which was
iy March, 1868.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it was before this that
Mr. Brooks in pusuance of the understanding
before had witli Mr. Durant, that he should
himself have the right to take a portion of this
stock, concluded the purchase of one hundred
shares of that stock. But anticipating that
he would be a Government director, as the
position had been offered him, Mi-. Brooks,
with a delicacy which was commendable, and
yet which he was not obliged to exhibit by any
law of the land, turned it over to Charles H.
Neilson, of the city of New York.
Much has been said about the fact that Mr.
Neilson is the son-in-law of Mr. Brooks.
Credit Mobilier stock was valuable. It was in
the market. Now, if the stock was not of
itself uniquitous, had not Mr. Brooks the right
to give his son-in-law the benefit of it? If the
purchase of Credit Mobilier stock was not
wicked, did it make it criminal by letting his
son-in-law have the benefit of it? Pray tell
me, some of you astute gentlemen who are
hunting for reasons why men here shall be
stabbed? The most natural thing in the world
is that a man shall look after his own kindred ;
and, by the way, we have been told that a good
many times in the last twelve months as to
other people higher in office than Mr, Brooks.
[Laughter.] But tell me, some gentlemen,
if you can, if the stock itself was not contra-
band, if it was not wicked to hold it by any
othor men, how was it wicked for Mr. Brooks
to give his son-in-law the benefit of the pur-
chase?
The conclusion of the report, Mr. Speaker,
is silent as to the one hundred shares of stock.
But Mr. Brooks is accused of having pro-
cured to be issued to Mr. Neilson fifty addi-
tional shares of stock for his own use and
benefit. What I have said in regard to the
