464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
be beneficial withiij the sphere of the national
authority to prohibit the manufacture, impor-
tation, and sale of intoxicating liquors as a
beverage. I do not know to what committee
this memorial should be referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Such memorials
have been referred to the Committee on the
Revision of the Laws, and this memorial will
also be referred to that committee.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of Thomas
E. Williams, praying to be indemnified for
spoliations committed by the French prior to
the year 1801; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. SAWYER presented a petition of citi-
zens of South Carolina, praying for the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Bennettsville,
Marlborough county, South Carolina, to Laurel
Hillr Richmond county, North Carolina; which
was referred to the Committeee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of A. Bur-
well, of Virginia, praying remuneration for
losses sustained by him during the late rebel-
lion through the occupation of his property by
United States troops; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
the officers of the several organizations of the
Sons of Temperance and Good Templars of
Rochester, New York, asking for a commission
of inquiry concerning the results of the traffiic
in intoxicating liquor, and of restrictive and
prohibitory legislation for the suppression of
intemperance; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Revision of the Laws of the
United States.
Mr. STEVENSON presented a petition of
merchants and bankers of Louisville, Ken-
tucky, praying for an amendment of the bank-
rupt act of 1867 by adding a provision to sec-
tion thirty-five of that act; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of True
Putney, of Washington, District of Columbia,
praying the passage of an act defining the
authority of the Board ,of Public Works in
relation to taxation ; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. LOGAN presented a petition of citizens
of Canton, Ohio, soldiers in the late war. pray-
ing for the passage of the soldiers' homestead
bill; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of eighty
soldiers of Aurora, Illinois, asking the pass-
age of the House bill granting one hundred
and sixty acres of land to each of the soldiers
of the late war; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of soldiers of
Mercer county, Illinois, praying the passage
of the House bill granting bounty land to
soldiers; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, praying the passage of the
soldiers' homestead bill passed by the House
of Representatives December 12, 1872; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SPENCER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and pa para in the ease
of Marcus Ottenborg, late consul and minister to
Mexico, be taken from the files of the Senate, and.
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MACHEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Eleanor M. Anderson, praying for relief on
account of services in recruiting rendered by
her husband during the late war, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that the petitioner have leave to withdraw her
petition and papers; which was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER. I am instructed by the
Committee on the District of Columbia, to
whom was recommitted the bill (H. R. No.
2247) giving the approval and sanction of
Congress to the termini and route of the Ana-
costia and Potomac River railroad, and to reg-
ulate its construction and operation, to report
it back without amendment and with a recom-
mendation that it pass; and if there be no
objection I ask for its immediate considera-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read for information.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. WEST. I object to the consideration
of that bill to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2450) granting a pension to Lucretia B.
Galloway, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2542) grant-
ing a pension to Johanna Lusky, submitted
an adverse report thereon ; which was ordered
to be printed, and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2543) grant-
ing a pension to Jerusha A. Goodrich, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon ; which was
ordered to be printed, and the bill was post-
poned indefinitely.
PRINTING OP A BILL.
Mr. VICKERS. I am instructed by the
Committee on the District of Columbia to ask
that the bill (S. No. 1181) approving the build-
ing of the Washington and East Alexandria
railroad, which was referred to them in man-
uscript, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ARKANSAS SENATORIAL INVESTIGATION.
Mr. WRIGHT. At the last session of Con-
gress the Senate passed a resolution placing at
the disposal of the select committee appointed
to inquire into certain charges against Hon.
Powell Ci.atton a certain sum of money. On
the 1st of July a portion of that money was
covered into the Treasury. I offer the follow-
ing resolution for the purpose of uncovering a
portion of it, and ask lor its present consider-
ation :
Resolved, That the sum of 81,000, or so maoh
thereof as may be necessary, is hereby appropriated
out ofthe'eontingent fund of the Senate, for the use
of the select committee to inquire into certain
allegations against Hon. Powell Clayton.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This resolution,
under the twenty sixth rule, must be treated as
a bill.
The resolution was read three times, and
JOSEPH WESTCOTT.
Mr. HAMLIN. At the last session of Con-
gress a bill was passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives for the relief of Joseph Westcott.
It was referred to the Committee on Claims of
this body, and by that committee reported ad-
versely, and that report was concurred in by
indefinitely postponing the bill. It is a matter
which relates to a constituent of mine. My
attention had not then been called to it. I
have conferred with the gentleman who made
the report, and I now ask permission of the
Senate to enter a motion to reconsider for the
purpose of recommitting the bill. There is
some additional evidence in this city now to
be had which, I think, will remove any objec-
tion the committee could have to the bill. I
therefore ask unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to enter that motion, and I ask that it be
considered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the vote postponing indefinitely the
bill (H. R. No. 2039) for the relief of Joseph
Westcott, of Portland, Maine, will be regarded
as reconsidered, and the bill recommitted to
the Committee on Claims. The Chair hears
no objection to that course being taken.
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask leave to enter a
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
(H. R. No. 1891) to amend an act entitled
" An act to establish the Department of Jus-
tice, and for other purposes, '' was passed by
the Senate yesterday, because I want to look
at the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from New York that that
was a House bill which was passed by the
Senate yesterday and sent back to the House
of Representatives. It .probably has not gone
to the President yet, ana an order will be sent
to have it returned if it has not gone.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that that order be
made.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
j THOMAS C. MAGRUDER.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the case of
Thomas C. Magruder was acted on by the
; Committee on Claims a week or so ago and
| reported adversely. The committee direct me
now to ask that the case be recommitted to
the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, that order will be made. It is so
ordered.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
| Mr. FENTON (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a Kill (S. No. 1334) for the relief of
William D. Ludlow; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Patents,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. AMES ask§d, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
T335) to repeal so much of the laws relating
to the organization of the Army of the U nited
States as establishes distinctions to the preju-
dice of one class of American citizens ; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. AMES. In introducing this bill I wish
to make one remark in the way of explana-
tion.
The object of the bill is to open all branches
of the Army to all citizeifS alike, without re-
gard to race or color. At the present time there
are forty regimental organizations, and of that
number a colored man can serve as a soldier
in but four, while the other thirty-six are open
to all men of all other races. This absurdity
exists in the law at the present time. A co1-
ored bov can go to West Point and graduating
as an officer can be assigned to any regiment
of the Army, but a colored man serving as 'an
enlisted soldier is compelled to serve in one of
these four regiments. Colored men serve in
the Navy, but there is no law which requires
them to serve in a certain ship or a certain
number of ships; and there should be no law
requiring a colored man to serve in one or
two particular regiments of our Army.
The law which organized these colored regi-
ments was passed in 1866, shortly after the
colored man was secured in his freedom by a
constitutional amendment. It was passed two
years before the ratification of the fourteenth
amendment, which made him a citizen, and of
course passed before the adoption of the
fifteenth amendment. Now that he is a citizen,
and entitled to all the rights and privileges
which any citizen has, he ought to be permit-
ted to serve in one regiment or another, as he
sees fit, as a white man or an Indian ora man
of any other race is permitted to do. This bill
is introduced for the purpose of giving him in
the Army the same privileges relatively that
he is supposed to have in civil life. Its pas-
sage will simply make our laws harmonious
with the Constitution of the country. I move
its reference to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and I hope that we may have a speedy
and favorable report upon it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
