1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1429
second time, ordered to be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
CREDIT MOBILIKK INVESTIGATION.
Mr. LAMISON, by unanimous consent)
submitted a resolution to print one hundred
thousand copies of the evidence taken before
the committee of investigation of which Mr.
Poland is chairman ; which was referred, un-
der the iaw, to the Committee, on Printing.
GOVERNMENT WORKMEN AND MECHANICS.
Mr. LOWE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3984) to further pro-
vide for payment of laborers, workmen, and
mechanics employed by the Government their
compensation for labor of eight hours a day ;
which was read a first and second time, or-
dered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
CHOCTAW CLAIMS.
Mr. BURDETT, by unanimous consent,
presented a memorial of the Choctaw natiop,
in answer to a letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury transmitting a letter of the Solicitor
of the Treasury in relation to ^he Choctaw
claims ; which was ordered to -be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
SHOSHONE AND BANNOCK INDIANS.
Mr. AVERILL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3985) confirming
articles of agreement with the Shoshone and
Bannock tribes of Indians, and directing the
Secretary of the Interior to carry the same into
effect; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
BOUNTY LAWS, ETC.
Mr. ST. JOHN,'by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 198)
authorizing the printing of five thousand copies
of a collation of laws in relation to bounties,
together with proclamations by the President,
general orders and circulars of the War De-
partment, which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Printing.
ASSESSMENTS IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. CHIPMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following bills ; which were read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia :
A bill (H. R. No. 8986) relating to assess-
ments in the District of Columbia ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3987) to provide for ex-
tending the time of payment of special assess-
ments, and for other purposes.
COLUMBIAN HARMONY CEMETERY.
Mr. CKIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3988) to incorporate the proprietors of
the Columbian Harmony Cemetery; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON CITY LIGHT ARTILLERY.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H,
R. No. 3989) in relation to the Washington
City Light Artillery ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
F0UNDERY METHODIST CHURCH.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 8990) for the relief of the Foundery
Methodist Episcopal church of Washington
city; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee for the District of
Ceiumbia, and ordered to be printed.
DISTRICT SHIPPING COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3991) to amend an act entitled "An
act to authorize the appointment of shipping
commissioners for the District of Columbia;"
^hich was read a first and second time, re
ferred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed. -
INTERNAL TAXES.
Mr. CHIPMAN also iatroduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3992) to amend an act entitled "An
act to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," approved July 14, 1870; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
tl^e Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
GROUNDS OF INSANE HOSPITAL.
Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3993) to grant permission to open a
public highway through a portion of the
grounds around the United States hospital for
the insane; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
BAPTIST CHURCH OP WASHINGTON.
Mr. CHIPMAN also' introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 3994) to refund to the First Baptist
church of Washington and Georgetown the
amount of legacy tax paid by them in 1871;
.which was read a first and second time, refer-
red to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
A. H. VON LUETTWITZ.
. Mr. CHIPMAN also introduced a bill (H. R,
No-. 3995) for the relief of A. H. Yon Luett-
witz, late first lieutenant third United States
cavalry; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
SPECIE PAYMENTS, ETC.
Mr. LYNCH introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3996) to provide for specie payments and to
regulate the currency; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
ofWays and Means, and ordered to be printed.
REPORT ON PRISON REFORM.
Mr. KERR introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 199) to authorize the publication of
twenty thousand copies of the report of the
United States commissioner to the interna-
tional prison congress of 1872; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Printing,
OFFICIAL SALARIES.
Mr. NEGLEY presented an amendment
proposed to be offered by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 3852) to adjust the salaries of the
executive, judicial, and legislative departments
of the Government; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
UNITED STATES JUDGES IN NEW YORK.
Mr. WAKEMAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3997) to increase the salaries of district
judges in northern and southern New York ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
BRIDGES OVER THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. WELLS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following resolution of the Board
of Trade of St. Louis; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed in the Globe:
Union Merchants' Exchange,
Skckktary's Office,
St. Louis, February 7,1873.
At a meeting of this association held this day the
following resolutions wore adopted :
In consideration of the vast commerce depending
upon the Mississippi river for cheap transportation
to the ocean, and believing, as we do, that any ob-
struction placed in the river like that of bridge piers
will endanger navigation and add greatly to the
cost of transportation: Therefore,
Be it resolved,Thatwe declare itour decided opin-
ion that no bridge should hereafter be built across
the Mississippi river below St. Louis with spans of
less than five hundred feet, or at an elevation of less
than seventy-live feet above high-water mark of
1844. Respectfully submitted.
GEORGE II MORGAN, Sec-retaty,
LIEUTENANT JOSEPH WHEATON.
Mr. PENDLETON introduced a bill (9.
R. No. 3998) for the relief of the administra-
tor of the estate of Lieutenant Joseph Wheaton,
deceased ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, and ordered to be printed.
CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
suspend the rules so as to make in order in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union to the miscellaneous appropriation
bill the following amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
to aid in the support of the Children's Hospital
of Washington. District of Columbia, $5,000.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
SIGNAL SERVICE.
Mr. DAWES. I also ask unanimous con-
sent to suspend the rules for the purpose of
allowing to be offered in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to the mis-
cellaneous appropriation bill the following
amendment:
The Clerk read as follows:
That the chief signal officer may cause to be sold
anysurplus maps or publications of the Signal Office,
the money received therefor to be applied to the
expenses of the signal service; and all circulars and
publications of the signal service shall be free of
Mr. RANDALL. I hope that will not be
done.
Mr. DAWES. The chief signal officer wants
these little weather maps he sends out to go
free of postage. I will explain the whole mat-
ter if you will let it be in Order.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. BURCHARD. The last part of that
amendment is objectionable, and I hope it will
be stricken out.
Mr. RANDALL. That establishes the
franking privilege again, and I must object
to it.
Mr. DAWES. Let me explain.
Mr. RANDALL. That gives to one of th«
officers of the Government the privilege of
franking.
Mr. DAWES. I will state what he wants:
these little weather reports are now sent free
from every weather station to every post office
within one hundred miles. He would like to
have them go free hereafter, as they do now.
Mr. RANDALL. We have abolished the
franking privilege, and it is not right to give
it to one officer and not to all.
Mr. DAWES. I will withdraw the latter
part of the amendment.
There was no objection; and the amendment
as modified was ordered to be in order in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to the miscellaneous appropriation bill.
CONGRESSMEN HOLDING OTHER OFFICES
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I ask
unanimous consent to submit the following
resolution for adoption.
The Clerk read as follows :
Mesolved, That it shall be in order on the sundry
civil appropriation bill to move an amendment pro-
viding that no member of Congress shall be elected
or appointed to, or accept of, or take or exercise the
duties of any office whatever, either heretofore or
hereafter created, or provided for by any act or acta
of Congress while he is such member, whether said
office be salaried or not.
Mr. NEGLEY. I object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I give notice that I
shall move to suspend the rules when I get the
floor.
PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
be allowed to submit amendments to the mis-
cellaneous appropriation bill in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union pro-
hibiting the printing of books for free distribu-
tion.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
