1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-BESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
42d Cons....3d Sess.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Farnsworth.
Ho. of Reps.
one hundred shares and to the character of
the property itself applies with equal force to
the fifty additional shares. There is this dif-
ference, however, in the status of Mr. Brooks
at the time the fifty shares of stock were issued:
he was a Government director, and he was at
that time a member of Congress. Bat what
of it? Mr. Brooks claimed that by reason
of the increase of stock in this company, Mr.
Neilson, like every other man who had in-
vested in stock, was entitled to fifty per cent,
increase. All the other stockholders had
received it. He said so to Mr. Neilson, he
said so to Mr. Dillon, the president at that
time of the company. And here let me refer
to the testimony of Mr. Dillon on that sub-
ject, to be found on page 229 of the testimony.
I will read it:
" Question. Do you understand now that by Mr.
Neilson becoming the holder of one hundred shares
he was in point of fact entitled to fifty shares addi-
tional ?
"Answer. I did understand it so, and X understand
it so now, that he was entitled to iifty shares.
"Question. Didyoualso understand thatup.on these
same shares Mr. Durant had, he had had tire priv-
ilege of taking the additional fifty per cent?
' Answer. I did not understand it so at the time I
had this conversation with Mr. Brooks. About the
fifty shares, I think he said there had been some
little talk between him and Durant, ho asking Du-
rant for it or something of that sort; that there was
some misunderstanding. I had made up my mind,
when he came for the fifty shares, that it was asmall
matter not fully understood, and that when Durant
returned from Europe the thing would be fixed up
satisfactorily all around. That is the way I felt at
the time."
Mr. Dillon stated further that he loaned
Mr. Neilson $5,000 to pay for this fifty shares
of stock. The gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] says Mr. Brooks paid for the one
hundred shares, and he characterizes as a pre-
tense the testimony of Mr. Brooks and Mr.
Neilson that the money which was-paid for
the one hundred shares was a loan. He says
no note or contract appeared in the evidence
between them.
Mark you, Mr. Speaker, it is not the one
hundred shares the resolution for expelling
Mr. Brooks refers to. It is only the fifty
shares. As to the fifty shares, Mr. Dillon
says he loaned Mr. Neilson $5,000 to pay for
them himself. There is no evidence Mr.
Brooks asked Mr. Dillon to loan him $5,000.
The only fact as appears from the testimony
is that Mr. Brooks did claim that the one
hundred shares carried with them the right to
fifty additional shares of stock, that he did so
suggest to Mr. Neilson that he was entitled to
them, and that he did suggest the same thing
to Mr. Dillon, president of the company.
This right Mr. Dillon recognized, and at once,
after consulting with other stockholders and
directors, the company issued them to Mr.
Neilson, who borrowed of Dillon the money
to pay for them.
Mr. Speaker, has it come to this that the
House of Bepresentatives is to act upon a
conjecture, a suspicion that there must be
some collusion between a gentleman of the
standing of Mr. James Brooks and the man
to whom these shares of stock were issued, for
the purpose of expelling Mr. Brooks ? Why,
sir, such an argument asthat before any trav-
erse jury in the country would be scouted.
Is it becoming that such an argument should
be adduced in a deliberative body like this,
which is acting with reference not to penalties,
not to the punishment of the individual, but
with reference to cleansing the body itself
and cutting off noxious members? No, sir.
Why, sir, if a man wanted to cover up a
suspicious transaction, if this were but a pre-
tense on the part of Mr. Brooks, he never
would have selected his son-in-law for the
purpose. That was the flimsiest kind of a
veil. No man with sense—I was going to say
with the sense necessary to be a member ot
Congress, but that is not putting it very high
42d Gong. 3d Sess.—No. 9.
[laughter]—no man with sense enough to be
a country justice of the peace—that is better—
would ever resort to so flimsy a dodge, if he
intended it simply as a dodge, and to" cover up
the transaction, as to select his son-in-law in
the same town with himself to make such a
transaction with. To my mind it is upon the
face of it not a badge of fraud, but rather a
badge of fair dealing, and it should so be
regarded.
But after all, Mr. Speaker, wherein does
this offense consist? The committee do not
say that holding the Credit Mobilier stock was
not legal. They do not say that there was
anything in the holding of that stock which
would disqualify a man from voting as a mem-
ber of Congress on matters affecting the Union
Pacific railroad. They, therefore, do not
propose to expel Mr. Oakes Ames because he
held this stoek and realized profits from it.
Not at all. But, sir, if it is not a crime for
a member of Congress to hold a large quantity
of this stock and reap the profits from it, X
ask, is it a crime that another member of
Congress bought some of it? The committee
do not make it a crime or allege that it was a
crime on the part of Oakes Ames that he
held this stock, that he realized his profits,
immense profits, too. They propose to expel
him from the Congress, but not for that.
What for? Because he sold some of it. And
then in the very next resolution they turn
round and propose to expel Mr. Brooks, not
for selling this stock, but because he did not
sell it, as they allege; because he bought
some of it. And then they are driven to argue
here from circumstances and relationships to
prove that he had not bought it at all, that
it was some other man after all who owned
the stoek, and not Mr. Brooks at all.
At the same time the committee exculpates
every other member of Congress who did buy
stock. Well, sir, it thus appears- from this
report that the holding of this stock was not
of itself illegal. There was no iniquity in the
thing itself. It did not taint the man who
touched it. There was no corrupting influ-
ence in holding it. Where was the corrup-
tion? In one case it was in the buying; in
another case it was in the selling; but in no
case in the holding it.
Now this is the dilemma in which this com-
mittee has placed itself. These are the con-
tradictions of this report. I agree with the
conclusions of the report as to the gentlemen,
members of Congress, who purchased small
amounts of that stock of Mr. Oakes Ames.
I agree that those men in so purchasing have
done nothing worthy of expulsion. Do not
understand me, Mr. Speaker, as arguing that I
believe it was a correct thing to hold this
stock, to buy it, or to sell it. I do not think
it was the correct thing to contrive that sort
of machinery by which this company became
builders of that road at s.uch enormous profits.
That may have been iniquitous; but if so,
go back and punish the men who made the
contrivance. Take up the men who contrived
the iniquity, if it was an iniquity; expel them,
if there are such here, and for that, instead
of passing over the thing itself, and expelling
one man because he sold it, and another
because he bought it.
I said, Mr. Speaker, that I do not wish to be
understood as approving of what is here charged
and has been proven. 1 think the purchasing
of or speculating in this stock by members of
Congress was very imprudent; but I do not
propose myself to cast a stone at them. I
know that there is clamor; and I verily believe
that if these two resolutions are adopted, and
these two men are singled out to be made the
scape-goats and pack-horses for all the sins of
Congress, that it will be in obedience to the
clamor, and to a vitiated and iniquitous demand
on the part of the public press tor a victim.
It is to resist that clamor, to resist that
demand, that I have taken the floor.
Now, who are these gentlemen ? Who is Mr.
Oakes Ames ? His own defense has just been
read from the Clerk's desk. He is an old
man, a self-made man of. character, of repu-
tation beyond impeachment wherever he has
been known; a man of large enterprise, of
great wealth, but whose fortune has been
carved out by himself; a man who shouldered
a responsibility which no other man in the
country could be found to shoulder; a man
who embarked in a great enterprise, which
other men and capitalists shrank from, his
entire private fortune. And who does not
remember a short time ago the statement that
went the rounds of the publi.c press that Mr.
Oakes Ames was a bankrupt.
He has been a member of Congress for
many years, and right here allow me to ask
you, Mr. Speaker, and my fellow members,
what new thing has Mr. Oakes Ames done
that you did not know before? What has
transpired during this Congress with reference
to the doings of Mr. Oakes Ames that was not
sufficiently patent years ago? The only new
thing is that he sold stock, but everybody in
Congress and out of it who knew anything
about the Union Pacific railroad knew of the
existence of the Credit Mobilier. They knew
that Mr. Oakes Ames held that stock, and it
was said he was making large profits. Tell
me what uew thing, what new iniquity, what
crime should make all this excitement?
Is the Credit Mobilier stock any more
wicked and iniquitous now than it was four
years ago? We all knew he held it then, and
it was allowed to pass over; and now when he
is within seven days of bidding good-bye to
this Hall, when he is within one week of taking
his final departure from Congress it is pro-
posed, in the very last days of his political
and congressional life, to exj>el him 1 * For
what? For selling Credit Mobilier stock which
he held years ago, and which we all knew at
that time that he owned. For one, I will not
follow his retreating footsteps from this Capi-
tol to plant a dagger in his back for such a
cause. .
Who is Mr. James Brooks ? A man not in
the prime of life, past his meridian, on the
declivity, and fast descending on the other side;
a man who has been for nearly twenty years a
member of Congress from first to last and dur-
ing almost all that time has been a member of
the leading committee of this House, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, the money eom-
raitte of the House, the committee which de-
vises the ways and means for carrying on this
Government, which levies and collects the
taxes, which frames the tariffs; a committee
at whose .doors almost every day during the
sessions of Congress there are hundreds of
men knocking, many of whom would gladly
corrupt the membersof the committee if they
could or dared; a committee having the
framing of bills upon which hangs the interests
of the great monopolists, the wealthy men of)
this country, the manufacturers and importers.
A wink, a nod, a little information from a
member of that committee might make or
mar fortunes in a day.
Mr. Speaker, I have been a member of Con-
gress for fourteen years altogether, and during
nearly all that time Mr. Brooks has also been
a member. I never heard an intimation, an
insinuation against his character before. This
man is to be singled out—this worthy man, as
his past career shows as a member of this
body, now in the decline of life, when he has
been twenty years a member of the House,
and has always been reputed an honest man;
he is singled out with Mr. Oakes Ames to
Bear the sins of the many.
It has been well said that slander loves a
shining mark, and it is deplorable chat in this
