1430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE].
February .1'
TELEGRAPH BETWEEN AMERICA AND ASIA.
Mr. PACKARD. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of bringing before the
House for consideration a bill (H. R. No.
23$8j.tp encourage and promote telegraphic
eom/miriicatiori between America and Asia.
The b.ijl, which was read, in the first sec-
tion provides that the American and Bast
India Telegraph Company shall have the right
to construct, land, and maintain a line or
lines of telegrapi. or submarine cable ou the
Pacific coast of the United States, to connect
the American and Asiatic coasts by telegraphic
lines, wires, or .submarine cables; provided
that the company shall begin to lay said cable
within two years from the passage of this act.
The second section provides that in order
to encourage and aid in the construction of
the line or lines of telegraph the Secretary of
the Navy shall detail, for the surveys and
soundings on and along that portion of the
Pacific coast in America and Asia where it is
proposed to establish the telegraph lines, one
or more steam, vessels, to be at the disposal
of the company, to assist in surveys and sound-
ings, laying down and submerging of cable,
transporting materials connected therewith,
and generally to afford any assistance calcu-
lated to promote the success of the enterprise.
The third section provides that the Govern-
ment of the United States shall at all times
have priority in the use of the lines of the
company for all diplomatic and Government
business; and in order to secure the same
from injury by evil-disposed persons, to the
iuterruptiqn of public business, the Secretaries
of the Navy and of War are authorized to
direct the commanders of military and naval
districts or stations traversed or occupied by
the stations or lines of telegraph or cable
belonging to the company, and other officers
acting under the authority of the United States,
to use any force at their command to protect
the same. The lines of telegraph shall be
open at all times to the public, and to any
other company, upon the payment of the reg-
ular charges, for the transmission of dis-
patches, excepting when in use by the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
The fourth section provides that the better
to promote and facilitate international inter-
course and the public interest Congress may
at any time repeal the act for nqglect on the
part of the company to fulfill and comply with
the conditions expressed.
The fifth section provides that the act shall
take effect immediately.
Mr. PACKART>. Before the vote is taken,
I wili move the following amendment from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs:
Amend in lines five and six of section two by
striking out the words " to be at the disposal of said
company" and insert in lieu thereof " at the dis-
cretion and under the orders of the Secretary of the
Navy."
Mr. AMBLER. When the bill is brought
up for consideration, what does the gentleman
propose to do ?
Mr. PACKARD. I shall call the previous
question.
Mr. AMBLER. Then I hope the House
will not sustain the gentleman's motion.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman might just as
well move at once a suspension of the rules
and pass the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the bill will not pass.
Mr. PACKARD. I modify the motion so
as to move that the rules be suspended and the
bill passed.
The question being put, there were—ayes 97,
noes 37.
Mr. WILLARD and Mr. HOLMAN called
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BEATTY. I ask that the bill be again
read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. BIGGS. Would it be in order to offer
an amendment to the bill?
The SPEAKER. It would not. A motion
to susDend the rules is not amendable. ,
The* question was taken on suspending the
rules and passing the bill; and there were—
yeas 135, nays 51, not voting 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Averill, Banks,
Barry, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck, Bingham,;
Austin Blair, Boles. Braxton, Bright, Buckley,
Buffinton, Bunnell, Benjamin F. Butler, -Roderick R.
Butler, Caldwell, Clarke, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger,
Conner, Cotton, Crossland, Darrall, Dawes, Dodds,
Donnan, Dox, DuBose, Duell, Duke, Dunnell,
Earnes, Eldredge. Elliott, Ely, Esty. Farnsworth,
Farwell, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D.Foster, Frye,
Garrett, Giddings, Haldeman, Hambleton, Hancock,
Harmer, Harper. George E. Harris, John T. Harris,
Havens, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton,
Herndon, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley,
Kellogg, Kendall, Kerr, Ketcham, Lamison, Lam-
port. Lansing. Leach, Lowe, Marshall, McClelland,
McCormick, McJunkin, McKinney, Merrick, Ben-
jamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morgan, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Silas • L. Niblack, William E. Niblack,
Packard, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton,
Perry, Piatt, Porter, Price, Prindle, Rainey, Read,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, John Rogers, Sion
H. Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Ses-
sions, Shanks,' Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shober,
Shoemaker, Slater, Stocum, H. Boardman Smith,
John A. Smith, Snyder, Stevens, Stevenson, Stough -
ton, Taffe. Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner,
Tuthill, Twiehell, Tyner, Vaughan, Voorhees,
Waddell, Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace, Warren,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, John T,
Wilson, and Winchester—135.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker. Ambler. Archer, Barber,
Barnum, Beatty, Bell, Bigby, Biggs, Bird, Boar-
man, Burchard, Cobb, Comingo, Davis, Finkeln-
burg, Charles Foster, Goodrich, Hale, Handley,
Hanks, Joseph R.Hawley, Hays, Hibbard, Holman,
Maclntyre, Manson, Maynard, McGrcw, McKee,
Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Morey, Morphis, Hosea
W. Parker, Peck, Perce, Randall, Ritchie, Ellis
H. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Worthington C.
Smith, Speer, Storm, St. John, Terry, Upson,
Witthorne, Willard, and Young—51.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James G. Blair,
Brooks, Burdett, Campbell, Carroll, Cox, Crebs,
Creely, Critcher, Crocker, Dickey, Forker, Garfield,
Geta, Golladay, Griffith, Halsey, John B. Hawley,
Hay, Hereford, Killinger, King, Kinsella, Lewis,
Lynch, McCrary. McHenry, MeNeely, Orr, Packer,
Peters, Poland, Potter, Robinson, Scofield, Seeley,
Sheldon,Sloss,Snapp Sprague, Starkweather,Stow-
ell, Sutherland, Swann, Sypher, Dwight Townsend,
Van Trump, Walden, Wells, Williams of New
York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Wood—54.
So (two thirds having voted infavor thereof)
the rules were suspended, and the bill was
REFUND OP COTTON TAX.
Mr. MAYNARD. The Committee of Ways
and Means have had three or four bills before
them on the subject of refundingthe cotton tax,
on all of which they have reported adversely ;
and on one of them there is a minority report.
I submit the following proposition :
Revolved, That Wednesday and Thursday even-
ings, February 19 and 20, after half past seven
o'clock, are hereby assigned for the consideration
of the bills to refund certain taxes collected by the
Government of the United States on raw cotton,
reported back from the Committee of Ways and
Means, Wednesday evening being assigned for de-
bate only, no other business to be transacted.
Mr. RANDALL. Would that bring the
bills before the House for action ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that it would.
Mr. HALE. I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the rules be
suspended and the resolution which I have
offered adopted.
Mr. KERR. I ask that the resolution be
again read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. HALE. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MAYN"ARD. I suggest to the gentle-
man that a division be first taken by tellers.
Mr. HALE. I think we will require to
have a record by yeas and nays, and it is bet-
ter to hfive it at once.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the resolution is not
adopted on a division by tellers, I shall not
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HALE. Then I withdraw the call for
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will appoint
tellers.
Mr. AMBLER. I insist on the call for the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires for one
moment the attention of the House. Begin-
ning with Thursday morning, and ending with
the end of the session, motions to suspend the
rules will be very frequent. Many gentlemen
come to the Chair and intimate their desire to
make a motion to suspend the rules, saying
that they will not demand the yea.s and nays.
The House will observe that nothing can pass
without the yeas and nays being called if one
fifth desire them. But if a gentleman desires
to test the sense of the House without insisting
on the yeas and nays, if the vote on a division
is against him, he withdraws his measure, and
nothing is put on record in regard to it. He
has the right to do that, and it facilitatesbusi-
ness.
Mr. HALE. I desired to have a record
of this vote by yeas and nays, but I withdraw
the call for them on the consideration sug-
gested by the Chair, in order to save time, after
the statement of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard] that if he did not get a two-
thirds voto on a division by tellers he would
not demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will observe
that the gentlemen from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] states that if two thirds do not
vote by tellers for his proposition he will" not
call fcir the yeas and nays. If two thirds do
vote for it, of course the minority will have
the right to Qall for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PERCE. I desire to state that if two
thirds do not vote by tellers to give to the con-
sideration of this subject two evenings of the
week I shall call for the yeas and nays, be-
cause I consider it a subject
The SPEAKER. No argument is needed;
the gentleman calls for the yeas and nays, as
he has a right to do.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COBURN. Wednesday, the 19th, after
the hour of two o'clock has been set apart for
the consideration of reports from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to the exclusion of
all other business. Will not that committee
be entitled to the whole day and the evening
session should the House take a recess till
evening?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs would be entitled to the evening
session. The House having by unanimous
consent given that day after two o'clock, to
the exclusion of all other orders, to the con-
sideration of reports from the Committee on
Millitary Affairs, it cannot set aside that order
by a two thirds vote, and a suspension of the
rules only by unanimous consent.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I will vary my
motion so as to take Thursday and Friday
evenings of this week.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 94, nays 83, not voting 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Averill, Banks, Barnum, Barry, Erasmus W.Beck,
James B. Beck, Bigby, Biggs, Boarman, Braxton,
Bright, Buckley, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell.
Cobb, Comingo, Conner, Critcher, Crossland, Dar-
rall, Davis, Dodds, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Dunnell,
Elliott, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Giddiags, Golla-
day, Griffith, Hambleton. Hancock, ' Handley.
Hanks, Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris,
Hays, Hereford, Herndon, Hoar, Kendall, Kerr,
King, Lamison, Leaeh, Maclntyre, Maynard,
McCormick, McHenry, McKee, McKinney, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Morphis, Silas L. Niblack,
William E. Niblack, Perce, Perry, Piatt, Porter,
Price, Rainey, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M.Rice,
Ritchie. Robinson, Sion H. Rogers. Sheldon, Shober,
Slater, Sloss, Snyder, Speer, Stevens, Terry, Thomas,
Turner, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Wallace.
Wells, Whiteley, Whitthorne, Winchester, and
Youn?—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Barber, Beatty, Bell,
Bingham. Bird, Austin Biair, James (i. Blair, Buf-
finton, Bunnell, Burchard. Benjamin F. Butler,
Clarke, Conger. Cotton, Crebs, Dawes, Donnan,
Eames, Eldredge, Esty, Farnsworth, Farwell, Fin-
kelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye,
Goodrich, Haldeman, Halo, Harmer, Havens, John
B. Hawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hav, Gerry W.
Hazelton, Hibbard, Holman, Hooper, Kelley, Lowe,
Lynch, Marshall. McClelland, McJunkin. Merriam!
Mitchell, Leonard Myers, Orr, Packard, Palmer,
Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Peters,
Prindle, Randall, Ellis H. Roberts, William R
Roberts, Roosevelt, Sargent, Sawyer, Sessions,
bhanks, Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shoemaker, Slo-
