1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1431
cum, H. Boardman Sjnith, John A. Smith, Worth-
mgton C. Smith, Sprague, Stevenson, St. John,
Washington lownsend, Tyner, Upso$, Wakemfon,
Waldron,Warren, Wheeler, Willard, and Williams
of Indiana—88.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Boles, Brooks,
Burdett. Campbell, Carroll, Coburn, Coghlan, Cox,
Creely, Crocker, Dickey, Duell, Ely, Forker, Oar-
field, Getz. Halsey, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hough-
ton, Kellogg, Ketcham, Killinger, Kinsella, Lam-
port, Lansing, Lewis, Mansoh, McCrary, McGrew,
McNeely, Monro©, Moore, Morey, Morgan, Negley,
Packer, Pendleton, Poland, Potter, John Rogers,
Rusk, Seofield, Seeley, Snapp, Starkweather, Storm,
Stoughton, Stowell, Sutherland, Swann, Sypher,
Taffe, Dwight Townsend, .Tuthill, Twichell, Van
Trump, Walden, Williams of New York, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Wood—63. .
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
construction of a bridge.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3999) to provide
for a report of a board of engineers of the
United States Army upon' the feasibility and
propriety of bridging the straits between Lakes
Huron and Erie; .which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
amendment to army bill.
Mr. PLATT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 4000) to amend an
act making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending June 30, 1870,
approved March 3, 1869; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
j. snowden and son.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
4001) referring the claim of J. Snowden & Son
to the Court of Claims; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same :
An act (EL R. No. 2763) authorizing and
directing the Secretary of the Treasury to
cause plans and estimates to be made and a
suitable site provided for a public building, at
Memphis, Tennessee 5
An act (H. R. No. 3258) making appropri-
ations for consular and diplomatic service of
the Government for the year ending June 30,
1874, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 3315) for the relief of
Henry Goldhammer; and
An act (H. R. No. 3352) making appropri-
ations for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other
works of defense for the year ending June
30, 1874.
agricultural colleges.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the rules be so
suspended that the bill (S. No. 693) to provide
for the further endowment and support of col-
leges for the benefit of agriculture and the
mechanic arts, and the liberal and practical
education of the industrial classes in the sev-
eral pursuits and professions in life, as estab-
lished under an act of Congress approved July
2, 1862, be taken from the Speaker's table and
brought before the House for consideration at
this time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the bill be open to
amendment and debate, if brought before the
House?
Mr. PERCE. It will be open to debate;
the matter will be in the control of the House.
Mr. HALE. How much time will the gen-
tleman himself take?
Mr. PERCE. I will not take more than
five minutes.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope much time will
not be taken, as I do not want to antagonize
this bill.
Mr. PERCE. I have no doubt it will
in ten minutes.
Mr. SARGENT. I have no doubt it will
pass, if there are enough to suspend the rules
and bring it before the House now.
The question was taken on the motion to
suspend the rules $ and there were—ayes 86,
nays 55 ; not two thirds in the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. PERCE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. PERCEand
Mr. Holman were appointed.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I call for the
yeas and nays, for it will come to that at last.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and there
were—yeas 138, nays 56, not voting 46 ; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Averill,
Banks, Barnum, Barry, Erasmus W. Beck, James
B. Beck, Bigby, Biggs, Austin Blair, James G. Blair,
Boarman, Braxton, Bright, Buckley.Bumnton, Bun-
nell, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, Caldwell, Cobb, Coburn, Comingo, Conger,
Conner, Cotton, Critcher, Darrall, Davis, Dawes,
Dox, DuBose, Duel!,Duke, Dunnell, Eames, Elliott,
Ely, Esty, Farwell, Finkelnburg, Wilder D. Foster,
Frye, Garrett, Giddings, Golladay. Hambleton, Han-
cook, Handley, Hanks, Harmer, Harper, Georgo E.
Harris, John T. Harris, John B. Hawley, Joseph
R. Hawley, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W.
Hazelton,Hereford, Herndon, IIoar,Hooper,Hough-
ton, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham, King, Lamison,
Lansing, Leach, Lowe, Lynch, Manson, Macln-
tyre, Maynard, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew, Mc-
Henry, McJunkin, McKee, McKinney, Benjamin
E. Meyers. Mitchell. Moore, Morey, Negley, Silas L.
Niblack, Packard, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac
C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Piatt, Porter,
Price, Rainey, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, Sion H.
Rogers, Rusk, Sawyer, Seofield, Shellabarger, Sho-
ber, Slater, Slocum, H. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, Stoughton,
Stowell, St. John, Sypher, Terry, Thomas, Turner,
Tuthill, Twichell,Upson, Vaughan.Voorhees, Wad-
dell, Wakeman, Waldron, Wells. Whiteley, Whit-
thorne, Willard, John T. Wilson, and Young—138.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Barber, Beatty,
Bell. Bingham, Bird, Burchard, Carroll, Clarke,
Crebs.Crosislaiid, Doddb, Doiinan, Eldredge, Charles
Poster, Henry D. Foster, Goodrich, Griffith, Halde-
man, Hale, Havens, Hay, Hibbard, Holman, Kerr,
Marshall, McClelland, Merriam, Merrick, Monroe,
Morgan, Morphia, Leonard Myers, William E.
Niblack, Perry, Prindle, Edward Y. Rice, Robin-
son, John Rogers, Roosevelt, Sargent, Shanks, Sher-
wood, Shoemaker, Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Steven-
son, Storm, Taffe, Tyner, Wallace,^ Warren, Wil-
liams of Indiana, and Winchester—06.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Boles, Brooks,
Campbell, Coghlan, Cox^ Creely, Crocker, Dickey,
Farnsworth, Forker, Garfield, Getz, Halsey, Hill,
Kendall, Killinger, Kinsella, Lamport, Lewis, Mc-
Neely, Orr, Packcr, Peters, Poland, Potter, Randall,
Read, John M. Rice, William R. Roberts, Seeley,
Sessions, Sheldon, Sloss, Snapp, Starkweather,
Sutherland, Swann, Dwight Townsend, Washington
Townscnd, Van Trump, Walden, Wheeler, Wil-
liams of Now York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
Wood—i6.
So the motion to suspend the rules and pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill was
agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. TWICHELL said : My colleague, Mr.
Crocker, who is detained at his room by sick-
ness, would, if here, vote uay/'
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The SPEAKER. The bill (S. No. 693) is
now before the House for consideration.
Mr. PERCE. I offer as a substitute for the
bill what I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
That for the more complete endowment and sup-
port of colleges established under tho provisions of
an act of Congress approved July 2, 1862, entitled
"An act donating public lands to the several States
and Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts," there
is hereby appropriated to each State in which such
colleges have been, or within five years from the pas-
sago of this act may be, put into actual operation,
and to the District of Columbia, apart of the pro-
ceeds of the sales of public lands, to be distributed
in such amounts and in such payments as are herein-
after provided for, and on such conditions as to the
application and management of the sum hereby
appropriated as are prescribed in the act herein-
before mentioned.
Skc.2. That whenever the Secretary of the Interior
shall have the certificate of the G vernor of any
State, or other satisfactory evidence that such col-
lege or colleges has or have been duly established in
such State, as provided for in the act of Congress
heretofore mentioned, it shall be the duty of the
said Secretary of the Interior to certify the fact to ,
the Secretary of the Treasury, and also to the trus-
tees or other board of managers having the lawful
financial control of said college or colleges; a'nd
thereupon it shall be the duty of the saidiSecrofary
of the Treasury, upon the application of said trus-
teesj or said board of managers, to issue, to them a
certificate setting forth that said trusteed or man-
agers are entitled to one equal share of the amount
provided for in this act; or if more than one college
has been heretofore established in any State, then
to the trustees or managers of each of said colie&fes,
that they are entitled to such part of said share as
would be in proportion to the amount heretofore by
them received under the provisions of the act of
Congress mentioned in the first section of this act.
Sec. 3. That on the 1st day of July, 1873, and in
each year thereafter, it shall be the duty of theSee-
retary of the Treasury to ascertain the amount of
sales of the public lands for the preceding fiscal
year, and after deducting the expenses incurred by
such sales, to invest one fourth of the same in out-
standing united States registered bonds having the
longest time to run, bearing five per cent, interest
per annum, payable semi-annually; or, at his dis-
cretion he mayissuesuch bonds, retaining the money
therefor in the Treasury, to such college or colleges,
giving to each State ana to said District from time
to time the equal share to which it may justly be en-
titled, excluding fractionsof less than $1,000; and all
such bonds shall be kept in the custody of the Treas-
urer of the United States, who shall semi-annually
pay to the trustees or board of managers, as herein-
before described, the interest thereupon due. It
shall further be the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay over each year to the trustees or
boards of managers hereinbefore described an addi-
tional quarter of the proceeds of the sales of public
lands for the preceding fiscal year, apportioning to
each State and to the said district an equal share:
Provided, That in no case shall the total appropria-
tion under this act to such college or colleges or
institution, in any one State, or in said District,
exceed in any single year the sum of $50,000: It is
further provided, That for every $500 of annual
income received by the college or colleges of each
State under this act one scholarship shall be estab-
lished in which tuition shall be free ; and whenever
the annual income accruing under this act shall
amount to the sum of $50,000 their tuition shall be
free to all students entering the same; And it it
further provided, That the share allotted to the said
District of Columbia shall be appropriated to tho
Smithsonian Institution, to be expended under the
direction of tho Board of Regents of said institution
for the support of the national museum, and in dis-
tributing specimens and publications to the colleges
named in this act and other institutions.
Sec. 4. That when ady bonds, as aforesaid, shall
mature and be paid, it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to reinvest the same amount
for the benefit of any college or colleges entitled to
the same by the purchase of other and similaroufc-
standing United Statos bonds, or, at his discretion, to
issue new bonds as hereinbefore described: Provided,
Thatif it shall at anytime be made to appear to the
Secretary of the Interior, by unequivocal evidence,
that any State or the said.District has not in good faith
substantially complied with the provisions of the-act
named in the first section of this act as to the uses,
objects, and purposes therein contemplated,he shall
at once duly notify the Treasurer of the United
States, who shall thereafter withhold the .payment
of any interest which may have accrued or accrue to
any college or colleges in such State or said District
until such time as the said Secretary of the Interior
shall be satisfied as to tho compliance with the pro-
visions of said act, and shall bo notify tho Treasurer
aforesaid: Provided further. That the fund created
under this act, and the act heretofore mentioned,
shall be appropriated to such college or colleges as
has or have been already established in any State;
and where no such college has yet been established
said funds shall be appropriated to the endowment
and support of one college only in any State.
Mr. PERCE. The amendment just read is
the same I offered last Monday, excepting
that I have inserted the following:
Jt is further provided, That for every $500 of
annual income received by the college or colleges
of each State under this act one scholarship shall be
established in whioh tuition shall be free; _ and
whenever tho annual income accruingunder this act
shall amount to the sum of #50,000, thoir tuition
shall be free to all students entering the same.
On consultation with all the friends of agri-
cultural colleges, I find that this proviso meets
their entire approval. It is offered at the
suggestion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, on last Monday I opposed this bill
on this principle, that we had 110 right to take
the general funds of the country and appro-
priate them to colleges which might shut out
anybody who should not pay fees; but after
consultation with the friends of this bill they
agreed my position was right, and now pro-
vide for every $5wof income there shall be a
free scholarship, and when the whole amount
of income provided by this bill shall be real-
ized, then the tuition of the colleges shall be
