1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
467
Navy can be found in. onr history more credit-
able to the comrade and skill of the Navy than
th:\t which is detailed in the report which has
;'u<t been read. and I think the bill stands
upon a principle that is perfectly tenable. It
is wi-hri the equity of the prixe laws, and it i9
within the equity of the bounty laws upon our
statute-book, but not strictly within their let-
ter. And in addition io the cases referred to
by the Senator from New Jersey and the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, unless I am very
much mistaken, money was allowed on pre-
cise,y the same principle in the case of the
destruction of the Malay pirates.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a questionT
Mr. THUKMAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I ask him, if it is proper
for us to pay this money in the nature of prize
money, why should it not be taken out of the
Treasury of the United States as it was in
oth *r esses, and not taken out of this Japan-
ese fund ?
Mr. THURMAN. I think it is proper
enough to take it out of the Japanese fund.
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator from Ohio will
jiermit me, having made the original report in
ibis case. L will call his attentiou to the fact
that it was out of these hostilities that the oc-
casion grew for making the treaty between
Fr:mc , the Netherlands, Great Britain, the
Un ted States, and Japan, and that that treaty
provided for indemnification for the Hostilities
inflicted upon our vessels, and the share of the
fund derived from that treaty paid to the
United States constitutes this Japanese indem-
nity fund ; so that it is really paying the crews
of these vessels out of the very fund which
resulted from their action on this occasion.
The reason why the bill was reported in this
furm was that the House of Representatives
i-a^sed a bill to pay the crew of the Kearsarge
out of the Japanese indemnity fund, and it was
deemed highly proper, as the crew of the Kear-
sarge were to be paid out of the Japanese in-
demnity fund, that the crew of the vessel whose
action had given rise to that fund should also
be paid out of it. If the Senator from Indi-
ana will take time to read the report he will
find in it a discussion as to whether it is
necessary to make a distinction between pay-
ing out of the fund and out of the Treasury.
Substantially there is no difference.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not object to paying
the^e gentlemen for what appear to be very
meritorious services, but if they are to be paid
prize money they should be paid out of the
Treasury of the United States, not out of a
special fund. This money was appropriated
to pay damages for spoliations to various per-
sons. and a number of claims are now before
the Committee on Foreign Relations in regard
to this very fund. It ought to be kept sacred
until we know all the just claims that are to be
made against it. and then it should be distrib-
uted pro rata among them according to their
claims.
Mr. CRAGIN. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ato'r whether it is not the purpose of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations—I think they
have already reported such a bill—to refund
this money, or a portion of it, to the Japauese
Government? At any rate, I know there are
efforts in that direction.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator is right in
saying that efforts have been made to have it
refunded to the Japanese Government, and
probably that could be dona with great justice
and great propriety, but that question has not
yet been determined. That, however, is one
of the reasons why I think this fund ought not
to be disturbed. 1 ask to havethe bill referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, that
they may have time to consult with the State
Department in regard to it, and have time for
reflection. This bill has been brought in, as
bills are very apt to be brought in here, to ap-
propriate money which seems to belong to
nobody. It is like an overflowing treasury;
a Government always makes more appropria-
tions when its treasury is full than when it is
nearly empty. So here is a fund that every-
body thinks he has a right to, because nobody
knows exactly to whom it belongs. There are
various claims tojt. This claim was made to
the Naval Committee, and looking no further.
1 suppose, than that the sailors had done a great
feat, they agrt>ed to give them a sum of money
which would cost the Government nothing, as
they believed. I think if they had investigated
the subject a little more fully than my col-
eague seems to have done, they would not
have recommended that the appropriation be
made out of thh particular fund.
I trust we shall have time to investigate it,
at all events, and let us separate the tjuestion
from the mere heroic action of these sailors ;
let us look at it coolly, as u question of busi-
ness, and one in which other people have
rights as well as those who have had this bill
presented to the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. I wish to call my colleague's
attention to the fact that substantially, as 3tated
in this report, this is paying the money out of
the Treasury for the reason that this Japanese
indemnity fund is invested in onr own debt,
and it is, as stated in the report, as if a man
would treat his own promissory note, paid and
in his own possession, as assets for the pay-
ment of his debts. It is that.
I do not know what reason my colleague ha9
for wishing to have the bill referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, for it is
simply a question of whether we will treat the
crew of the Wyoming as we have treated sim-
ilar crews, the crew of the Kearsarge, and
others in our history. If there was any dis-
tinction between paying the money out of the
Japanese indemnity fund and paying it out of
the Treasury in reality, then I might recog-
nize the propriety of d< ferring action 5 but I
hope there will be action now.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state what the rule is for under which the
Senate is proceeding, the consideration of
unobjected bills. The Chair thinks these
objectior- are somewhat informal, but they
appear to be objections to the passage of the
bill. The Senator from N8W Hampshire is
recognized.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] that the
Committee on Foreign Relat'ons have had the
matter of the disposition of this fund under
consideration for some time, and have been in
correspondence with the Secretary of State in
respect to it. Now the question is, shall the
fund be disposed of, or a large portion of
it, before they have come to any conclusion in
relation to it?
Mr. SCOTT. Permit me to ask—for I take
some interest in that question—is the applica-
tion made to restore it to Japan?
Mr. PATTERSON. That proposition is
before the committee, and still other proposi-
tions. One is in relation to establishing schools.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania desire this bill to remain
on the Calendar?
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to have it referred.
That is my motion, and I wish to have that
decided.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania asks for a vote on his motion to
refer this bill to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 23, noes 20.
Mr. STOCKTON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to say  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that after the morning hour has expired
this bill will remain on the Calendar. The
Senator from New Jersey has occupied his five
minutes on this question under the rule.
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to say a word
on the question of reference. The reference
of the bill now to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, with all respect to Senators who
have not even heard the reports read, I look
upou as being very improper behavior to the
crew of this vessel. They ask at least a vote,
and they are here with three reports of com-
mittees in their favor, made by three of your
Senators, all unanimous reports in their favor,
and they have come session after session to
Congress. You took out the Kearsarge, which
was in the same bill originally, because it was
necessary to apply the Ta Kiang to this case—
you took it right out from the bill and put it
through, and now you refuse to give them a
vote on their case. You have already taken
a part of the Japanese indemnity fund, and
given it to the crew of the Kearsarge. [" No 1"
*' No 1"] That was the original bill, butit may
have been changed. That was the proposi-
tion.
Mr. CONKLING. That bill never passed.
Mr. STOCKTON. That bill was before
Congress. Now, if gentlemen do not want to
take this money out of the Japanese indem-
nity fund, let them amend the bill and take it
out of the Treasury ; but certainly give them
a vote. They are entitled to a vote from the
Senate.
I say the motion to refer to the Committee
on Foreign Relations is a mere dilatory mo-
tion ; and thus session after session this thing
is being postponed. Let, me tell the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] that the
representatives of those men who were killed
in th&t action, who are to be benefited by this
bill and who are hanging around your doors,
are entitled to be heard from you and to have
an answer "yes" or "no," "we will give
you this money," or " we will not." Do not
keep them here any longer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired and the Indian appropria-
tion bill is before the Senate, the pending
question being on the motion of the Senator
from Minnesota [Mr. Windom] to lay on the
table the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] upon which the
yeas and nays were ordered, but no quorum
voted and the Senate adjourned. The Sena-
tor from Conneeticut [Mr. Buckingham] also
gave notice that at one o'clock to-day he
would seek the floor for the purpose of speak-
ing on a bill in regard to the resumption of
specie payments; but the pending question
now is on laying upon the table the amend-
ment to the Indian appropriation bill offered
by the Senator from N evada.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust the Senate will
allow us to complete the bill of the Senator
from New Jersey before we go to other busi-
ness. I will agree at once to vote for the
bill if the Senator from New Jersey will
amend it so' as to take the money out of the
Treasury. I do not want dead people or the
descendants of dead people hanging around
here. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania, the Chair understands,
withdraws his motion to refer, and the Sen-
ator from New Jersey moves to amend
by striking out " the Japanese indemnity
fund" and inserting "out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. CAMERON. I withdraw my motion
for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will submit that motion
to a vote. It will be subject, however, to a
demand for the regular order, the Indian
appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment now
proposed presents a question which I will
certainly debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio ask that the bill remain on
the Calendar?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
