urn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 18, 1873.
Player by the Chaplain, Rev.' J„ P. New
man; 0. D.
-The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
resid an8 approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
, Wc. R0BE RTSON presented a petition of
citizens of Orangeburg county, South Carolina,
■pra^ng, the establishment of a mail route;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices ,and Post Roads.
,.$fr.' MORRILL, of Vermont, presented the
petition of the State Temperance Society of
VerpiQct, signed by its president and secre-
tary, pray itig for a prohibition of the manufac-
ture, importation, and sale of all intoxicating
liquors to be used as a beverage- within the
llmted States Territories and the District of
.Colombia; which Wfis ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut, presented a
petition of F. H. Sage and others, officers of
the. Templars of Honor a,nd Temperance of
Connecticut, praying for a prohibition of the
manufacture, importation, and sale of all in;
toxicating liquors to be used as a beverage
withjn the United States Territories and the
District of Columbia; which was ordered to
lie, on the table.
, Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of
piarine underwriters of the city of Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against ex-
clusion from their just participation, in the
damages awarded by the Geneva tribunal;
which was referred to the Committee on the
J ud iciary.
Mr. COLE presented a petition of W. Clarke
and others, officers of the order of Good
ieraplars of the Stat^ of California, praying
for a prohibition of the manufacture, importa-
tion, and sale of all intoxicating liquors to be
usesl as a beverage within the United States
Territories and the District of Columbia;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented four
petitions, numerously signed by citizens of the
State of Maine, praying for a prohibition of
the manufacture, importation, and sale of all
intoxicating liquors to be used as a beverage
yithin the United States Territories and the
District of Columbia; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Matilda K,
Xage, of Lowell, Middlesex couuty, Massa-
chusetts, and Ariel Wall and Lydia Wall, of
Hallowell, of the county of Kennebec, Maine,
praying compensation for damages to certain
wharves belonging to them by the United
States Government, by a diversion of the
channel of the Kcnnebec river at Shepherd's
wharf ^ which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr HAMILION. of Maryland, presented
a petition of the order of Good Templars of
the State of Maryland, signed by their chief
officers, j)rajing for a prohibition of the manu-
facture,^ importation, and sale of all intoxi-
Cl^?t ].iquors use^ as a beverage within
J^ted States Territories and the District
of Columbia; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented the petition of Joseph
Smith, of the District of Columbia, praying
compensation for the construction of a model
school-house m the District of Columbia;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Da-
kota, asking Congress for an appropriation for
the removal of tbe obstructions to the naviga-
tion of the Red River of the North; which was
reterred to the Committee on Commerce
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Dakota Territory, asking
Congress for an appropriation to construct a
military wagon-road in the valley of the Red
River of th,e North ; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of J. H. &
S.. Siraontou, publishers of the Sauk Center
Hprajd, in the county of Stearns, Minnesota,
remonstrating against the passage of the bill
before. Congress .regulating the postage on
printed-matter; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr, HOWE, presented twenty-one petitions
of citizens of Wisconsin, praying for a pro-
hibition of the manufacture, importation, and
sale of all intoxicating liquors to be uSed as a
beverage within the United States Territories
and the District of Columbia ; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented a petition of the
Independent Order of Good Templars of the
State of Nebraska, praying for a prohibition of
the manufacture, importation, and sale of all
intoxicating liquors to be used as a beverage
within the United States Territories and the
District of Columbia; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
citizens of Dallas county, Alabama, praying
that the political disabilities of General W. J.
Hardie be removed ; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
the New York State Temperance Society,
signed by its officers, asking for a commission
of inquiry concerning the traffic in intoxicat-
ing liquors, and restrictive and prohibitory
legislation for the suppression of intemper-
ance; which was referred to the Committee
on the Revision of the Laws of the United
States.
He also presented the memorial of William
P. Russell, president of the Saugerties National
Bank, John Kiersted, president of the First
National Bank of Saugerties, and upward.of
twenty-five other business men of Sauger-
ties, Ulster county, New York, remonstrating
against the repeal of the bankrupt act; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1519) amendatory of and supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to reduce duties on im-
ports and to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes," approved June 6. 1872,
reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred tbe correspondence between the
legation of the United States at Paris and the
French Government relative to duties imposed
by France on agricultural implements man-
ufactured in the United States, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am directed
by the Committee on Finance, to whom were
referred various petitions of banks, bankers,
and merchants, praying for the removal of all
taxes whatever on national banking institu-
tions, to ask to be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject and to submit
a report thereon; which I desire to have
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order to
print will be made.
Mr. CAMERON. I am directed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2388) to
encourage and promote telegraphic commun-
ication between A.merica and Asia, to report
it back with a slight amendment. The bill
requires no money, no subsidy, but simply
gives authority to construct a telegraph line
under proper restrictions; and I therefore
ask the Senate to consider the bill now.
su^ect^0^ That is a very important
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made, and the bill will be placed on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, from the
Committee on Patents and tbe Patent Office,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
1336) for the relief of William E. Ward, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred a resolution of the
Legislature of North Carolina for an amend-
ment of the pension laws, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Salona Shaw, of
Bristol county, Massachusetts, praying for the
passage of House bill No. 2571, to amend
an act granting pensions to the survivors of
the war of 1812 who served sixty days, and to
their widows, approved February 14, 1871,
asked to be discharged from its farther con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on
Education and Labor, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1459) for the promotion of
education in the southern States, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. HITCHCOCK, from the Committee on
Territories, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 1555) granting the right of way to the
Salt Lake and Echo Railroad Company, re-
ported it without amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1616) to provide circuit courts for the
State of Alabama; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1617) to amend an act relating to the Alex-
andria canal, approved July 27,1868; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Districtof Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
COWAN AND DICKINSON.
Mr. WINDOM. I offer the following res-
olution and ask for its present consideration:
Revolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) Xhattbejoint Committee on En-
rolled Bills be directed to correct the enrolled bill
of the Senate No. 96, fdr the relief of Cowan &
Dickinson, of Knoxville, Tennessee, by striking out
the word "seizure" near the end of the bill, and
inserting instead the word "siege."
R is merely to correct a mistake in the
printed bill; the word " seizure" is printed '
where it ought to have been "siege"' as ia
the original bill..
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was the bill for?
Mr. WINDOM. For the relief of Cowan
& Dickinson, of Knoxville, Tennessee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was the nature of
the relief?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was a relief
bill on which the two Houses differed as to
amount, and finally compromised by a com-
mittee of conference. The Senator from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Cooper] reported it from the con-
ference committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I remember.
The resolution was agreed to.
AMENDATORY BANKRUPT ACT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ■ The morning
business having concluded, the next business
m order is the consideration of bills on the
Calendar, under the Anthony rule, until one
o'clock.
Mr. POOL. Yesterday morning we weie
about to take the vote on House bill No :!70i'
The Senator from Iowa interposed an objec-
tion, which he has since withdrawn, and 1 ask-
that the bill be put on its passage now
The VICE PRESIDENT, P<nd'ng On-
Calendar, the Senator from North Carolina
_ unanimous consent to proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 3702.
