470
THE CONG11ESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
The bill requires the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted Suies to redeem legal-teuder notes in bouds
beating interest at the low rate Qt' three and
sixty live hundredths per cent, per annum.
An objection id at ouce raised that the banks
will exehauge the Uuited Slates uotes which
they hold as a reserve for bouds, the interest
on which will increase the expenses of the
Government. 1 have a reasonable degree of
confidence that such increase will be more
than compensated by the enhanced value of
Government bouds, and by the lower rate of
interest at which future loans may be uiade.
But whether it will prove so or uot, the posi-
tion is uot in haruiouy with the claims of jus-
tice.
Duriu£ the recent rebellion the Government
made a forced loan. As a measure necessary
to save the life of the nation the act was justi
liable; but lifter the war has ceased, and we
have had eight years of peace, it is time that
thai loan was equitably adjusted. It has ever
been regarded as an act of oppression to force
a loau from the people in time of peace. This
Government is to-day guilty of this wrong.
This bill proposes a check to this injustice and
oppression. If the Government does not
meet its obligations at maturity, it is reason-
ab ie and right that it should pay its creditors
lor forbearance. The Government in this and
in every respect should be governed by as high
a standard of equity and justice as the citizen.
The Government wiil also be required to
pay such bonds on demand in legal-tender
notes. It may be said and urged as an ob-
jection that no one will demand n >tes of the
Treasurer for bonds, because the holder could
obtain more notes in the open market than of
that officer. That is true to-day, and while no
demand is made no injury will be sustained.
The bill at first will cause a demand for bonds
in exchange for legal-tender notes, but when
the time shall come that an increase of cur-
rency will be demanded for business purposes
the tide will change, and notes will be in de-
mand for bonds. Bonds will be exchanged
for notes, and notes for bonds. This inter-
changeability, taken in connection with free
banking and central redemption, makes pro-
vision for an elastic currency—a necessity long
felt but never secured.
The business of the country is never station-
ary, but is always contracting or expanding.
When it contracts, bonds will be in demand ;
when it expands, currency will be in demand.
Whenever it shall contract, a man may have a
surplus of capital in his business for which he
will seek a temporary investment. The bill
offers him United States bonds bearing inter-
est, and gives him the privilege of taking back
his capital whenever he shall require it. The
certainty of receiving it whenever demanded
will make it for his interest to take and hold
the bonds until his necessities for currency are
greater than his necessities for interest. On
the other hand, the business of the American
people will vibrate toward the other extreme.
Agricultural products must be moved, labor
on unsold manufactures mast be paid for,
stocks of merchandise mnst be carried over- a
dull season, and cornering speculations mnst
be prevented without depending upon adven-
titious aid from the Treasury Department,
which, if rendered, will in the end prove to
be unnatural, impolitic, and inadequate. This
will require more currency. If the demand
shall be so pressing that notes will be of more
value than bonds, then men can obtain them
according to their ability.
Money is the power that moves the com-
merce of the nation. No Senatecan determ-
ine the amount that will be required until it
can determine the nature and the amount of
business to be transacted. This bill does not
propose to limit either the power or the busi-
ness, but to adjust the amount of the -one to
the necessities of the other upon automatic
principles so as to make use of all that shall
be necessary and no more. It will act like
the regulator of the throttle-valve attached to
a steam-engine. When the load which the
engine is to move is heavy, the valve opens
and the steam presses upon the piston with
sufficient force to carry it 5 when the load is
lessened, the valve closes and the power is not
wasted. So when business increases it will
open the channels through which currency will
flow so long as itshallbe required, and as busi-
ness contracts it will return to the vaults of
your banks. The exchange of bonds for notes
or of notes for bonds will cause no excite-
ment and produce no panic or alarm, but will
meet the ever-changing conditions and de-
mands of business, whether they affect inter-
nal trade or foreign exchanges. There will
be no conflicting interests, but the Government
and the banks and the people will work in
harmony to promote general prosperity.
Under the operations of this bill United
States bonds will be in demand as a basis for
bank-note circulation, for bank reserves, for
bank note redemption, and for both tempo-
rary and permanent investments. This de-
mand will of necessity increase their value,
and coin will fall by its own weight. The
commercial value of bonds and of coin will lie
in lines contiguous to each other, or so near
and so nearly parallel, from season to season
and from year to year, that the bill-holder will
be able to convert his notes into bonds and
his bonds into coin with the least possible loss.
Bonds and notes and coin will soon crystalize
into a shape that will determine how low the
interest can be reduced on bonds that will
command par in coin, and prove that notes
which cau be converted into interest-bearing
bonds will at times be worth more than coin.
Again, this increased demand for bonds will
be for the home market and save a large an-
nual drainage of coin, which would otherwise
go to pay interest abroad.
The bill, if its provisions shall be carried
out, will also establish our system of banking
bo firmly upon national obligatiousas to render
the payment of the principal unnecessary, and
relieve the present generation of those heavy
burdens of taxation wkkih it has borne for
years past.
Mr. President, I am not an advocate for
an inflated, irredeemable currency. It would
overwhelm every industrial interest, and bury
them in ruin. There should be no expansion
without provision for positive redemption. I
plead for an elastic currency, and as there is
no reasonable prospect of obtaining such a
currency convertible into coin within the
senatorial life of any number of this body, I
have introduced this bill, which in my judg-
ment contains provisions that will bring the
currency nearer to a specie basis than any
measures which have yet been proposed.
They are practicable measures, which, if incor-
porated into a public act, will increase the
value of national securities, reduce the rate of
interest thereon, and give us an elastic cur-
rency redeemable in that which will approx-
imate the value of coin more closely and
maintain that value more uniformly than any
other securities. Try them. They will pro-
duce no disturbance and cause no alarm in
financial and business circles, but their in-
fluence will be as imperceptible and yet as
real as the morning light which ushers in the
perfect day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sher-
man, in the chair.) The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Connecticut to
refer the bill to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
messagjb kkom tub uou8j5.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced !
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1281) for the relief of
George Graves;
A bill (II. R. No. 1626) for the relief of
Kreel & Miller ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3866) for the relief of
Henry B. Mears;
A bill (II. R. No. 3867) for the relief of
Emma E. Gardner, the widow of Lieutenant
W. F. Gardner;
A bill (H. R. No. 8868) for the relief of E.
H. Jarrett:
A bill (II. R. No, 3369) for the relief of
George S. Gustin, late a private of company
D, seventy-fourth regiment Illinois infantry
volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 3870) for the relief of the
widow and heirs of David Shelton, sr.,
deceased; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3372) authorizing and
directing the Secretary of War to give to
George A. Armes, late captain tenth United
States cavalry, an honorable discharge, to date
the 7th day of June, 1870.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 841) for the relief
of James A. Waymire, late a second lieu-
tenant of company M, first cavalry United
States Army.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills ; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 630) iu relation to new
trials in the Court of Claims ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1028) to amend an act
entitled "An act relating to members of Con-
gress, heads of Departments, and other officers
of the Government," approved June 11, 1864;
A bill (H. R. No. 2774) to prevent certain
officers of the United States and Territories
from practicing as attorneys or solicitors in
courts of the United States in certain cases ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2987) to authorize the
erection of a public building at Evansville,
Indiana; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3305) to amend section
twelve of au act entitled " An act to author-
ise the appointment of shipping commission-
ers," &c., approved June 7, 1872.
indian appropriation bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration- of
the bill («. R,. No. 2^89) making appropri-
ations for the current a,nd contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1874, and for
other purposes, the pending question being
on the motion of Mr. Wixdom to lay on the
table the amendment offered by Mr. Stewart,
which was to insert as an additional section
the following:
Sec. —. That each Indian superintendency and
Indian agency shall be visited and examined as
often as onee in six months, by ten persona appointed
by the President of the United States; but no per-
son shall be appointed for the examination of the
same agency more than onee a year. It shall be the
duty of the persons so appointed to visit and exam-
ine into the management and condition of the super-
intendency and agency, and the Indian reservations
connected therewith, for which they shall have
been appointed, and to investigate and report to
the President how the business of such reservation
is conducted, how the money appropriated by the
United States has been and is to be expended, how
the Indians are treated, and what progress they are
making in civilization. And lor that purpose such
persons shall have power to call for and examine
all books, vouchers, and papers connected with the
agency; and they shall also have power to adminis-
ter oaths, and to examine on oatn superintendents,
agents, and all persons connected with the agency,
and such other persons as they may deem necessary
and proper. The compensation of persons appointed
under this section shall be the same as allowed by
law to special agents of the Treasury Department.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sher-
man.) Upon the motion to lay the amend-
ment on the table the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, uays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. itoreman, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
linsf, I'enton.I'erry ol Michigan. Flanagan, i'reling-
huysen, Hamilton of Maryland, Ilitcn'coek, Howe,
