1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrhOBM.
1485
Mr. WRIGHT. Not committing myself at
all to this bill in any way, I was reminded,
after having made the objection, by the Sena-
tor from Virginia [Mr. Lewis] that he had
called my attention to the bill itself and he
had learned from me that I would not make
an objection. Inasmuch as he so understood
me, I shall not make any further objection.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
3702) to declare the true intent and meaning
of the act approved June 8, 1872, amendatory
of the general bankrupt, law, was cpnsidered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill declares that it was the true intent
and meaning of an act approved June 8,1872,
to amend an act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United .States,
approved March 2, 1867, that the exemptions
allowed the bankrupt by the amendatory act
should be the amount allowed by the constitu-
tion and laws of each State, respectively, as
existing in the year 1871; and that such ex-
emptions be valid against debts contracted
before the adoption and passage of such State
constitution and laws, as well as those con-
tracted after the same, and against liens by
judgment or decree of any State court, any
decision of any such court rendered since the
adoption and passage of such constitution and
laws to the contrary notwithstanding.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not mean to object
to this bill. My friend from North Carolina,
[Mr. Pool,] and my other friend from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Lewis,] are very much interested
in it, and the appeals which they have made to
me would prevent my objecting to its consid-
eration now. 1 am unwilling, however, that
it shall pass without a remark being made to
call the attention of the Senate to one consid-
eration.
Numerous bills have been introduced and
numerous petitions presented, with a view to
securing modifications of the bankrupt law,
relief in one way and another. The purpose
of this bill is to establish an unequal exemp-
tion of homesteads. I do not Say that, mean-
ing to go into the constitutional question
whether a system of bankruptcy be uniform
or not which in the State of Virginia allows
the bankrupt to retain several times as much
property as he is permitted to retain iti another
State. I waive that question, and remark that
the purpose of the bill is to enable each State
to fix for itself, at any figure it pleases, that
exemption to which a bankrupt shall be
entitled, his creditors to the contrary notwith-
standing. Other bills have been seeking
relief in other directions, and a number of
them have been reported back by the Judiciary
Committee of this body with a recommenda-
tion that they be postponed, for the reason
largely that that committee has reported a
bill to repeal the bankrupt law altogether.
The House of Representatives has passed such
a bill, and the two bills lie upon our table.
Three our four days ago we passed a bill to
exempt certain corporations in Boston, Mas-
sachusetts, and thereabouts, from the opera-
tion of the bankrupt law. Here is another
bill to exonerate from alleged hardship an-
other class of people, a good many of whom
live in the State of Virginia. Now, I venture
to remark that at some convenient time not
far distant the Senate should determine
whether the bankrupt law is to continue or to
cease. If it is to continue, then, although I
am perfectly willing to consider this bill, and
willing my friends should get it passed if they
can, there are some other matters connected
with the bankrupt law, represented by some
of these other bills, that I want considered
also, and it seems to me bad economy of time
to go on amending the bankrupt law in one
respect and another if, in truth, the law is to
be repealed.
This bill, as the Senator from Connecticut
[Mr. Ferry] said yesterday, not only has the
effect to apply to existing actions, but if the
bankrupt law shall hereafter be repealed, its
whole force and scape is to apply to .existing
actions. You repeat the bankrupt law, the
repeal to take effect on the 1st of July- Ifean-
while, this act which "you are pressing this
morning operates in all pending cases, and
wherever any State has been generous or ex-
travagant in fixing a very large amount as the
property a man may hold as a. homestead, there
this bill exonerates him, while in the other
States no such exemption takes place.. As I
say, I do not mean to object to it; I do not
rise to argue against it; but I think pretty
soon we had better vote upon the question
whether the bankrupt law is to be repealed
or not, in place of nibbling away piecemeal
around the subject. "
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I have
but a word to say on the passage of this bill.
I am not disposed to interpose any objection
to the personal desires of the honorable Sena-
tors from North Carolina and Virginia, but I
so heartily concur with what has been so well
said by the Senator from New York that I
cannot avoid expressing my opinion in respect
to it.
This bill provides,' as was very properly
said by him, for unequal exemptions in the
United States. I had hoped that we would
consider the recommendation of the Commit-
tee o-n the Judiciary for the repeal of that law
at this session of Congress. I have no equiv-
ocal position in respect to that law. 1 am
opposed to it, and will vote for its repeal. I
think we are better without it than with it,
and if that is the sentiment of this body I
think this is not a very proper time to indulge
in amendments of a law so important in all its
relations and affecting so many people every-
where. This bill in itself operates at once to
place the claims of creditors against debtors
in the State of Virginia in this predicament,
that the exemption applies to all of them
whether contracted before or after such ex-
emption were made by law.
This bill also obliterates all liens by judg-
ments- and decrees of courts so far as they
affect property to the extent of the State ex-
exemption ; so that any individual having his
money invested under judgment, and it may
be his whole surplus property, say $1,500 or
$2,000—-and I understand the latter is the
exemption now made by law in Virginia—loses
it at once by force of this bill. This $1,500 so
invested may be as important to him as it is to
the debtor. And this, too, without any notice
to him at the time of the investment that any
such law could or would be passed so to affect
his rights.
However, I am not disposed to enter into
that subject. I am not especially disposed to
oppose this bill. If the Senate thinks jiropnr
to pass it, so be it; but I think it tends to show
the character of this bankrupt law generally,
and as it generally affects the people. This is
one demonstration to the country that that law
ought to be repealed from beginning to end.
The law benefits nobody in fact whom it was
intended to benefit. The debtor cannot get
any release unless he pays fifty cents on the
dollar, and how does that benefit our debtor
friends in the South ? Who can pay fifty cents
on the dollar in the South ? The only result is
that estates go into bankrupt courts, and trus-
tees or assignees are made rich, or at all
events 
Mr. BAYARD. Not much richer.
Mr. HAMILTON of Maryland. Not much
richer; that is true. They get something, how-
ever. They get what the debtor has. They
keep what they get, and get what they can, as
a general rule and as far as my experience
and information goes. So far as the interior
of the country is concerned, the law amounts
to nothing, either as a matter of relief or as a
speedy and fair distribution of assets. It is
made in its administration a common nuisance
to. the interior sections of the country. In the
cities it may. in some respects operate favor-
ably to the interests of some, as, for example,
it makes people a little more, prompt in meet-
ing their payments in bank or with merchants.
Involuntary bankruptcy-goes, to that, and not
much more. It leads people who borrow from
banks and bankers, or are indebted upon mer-
cantile paper, to be more vigilant in meeting
their paper, for the reason that they may be
declared bankrupt if they do not,.;
I offer these objections to this bill in justice
to my own views, being opposed as I am to
the whole system, and opposed to legislating
as this proposes to do in this manner touch-
ing private rights attaching to property in the
most solemn'form. .
. Mr. THURMAN. As I concurred in rec-
ommending this bill to the Senate, I wish to
say two or three words upon it simply, to
explain what it is.
In 1870 Congress passed a law providing
that the exemption of the State laws in regard
to the property of a debtor should apply to the
execution of the bankrupt law ; that is to say,
that the bankrupt courts should allow the
exemption which existed by the State law on
a given day in 1870 instead of the day which
was named in the original afct. It was (he
real intention of Congress in passing that law'
that the exemptions should be as they existed
by State law on the day named in 1870 instead
of the day named in the act which had been
passed years before, the general bankrupt law.
This bill which is now before the Senate is
simply to give effect to that act of 1870, which
has been defeated by the judgment of some of
the State courts while in other States full
effect is given to the act. It has been defeated
in this way in some of the States which had
passed exemption laws prior to 1870: their
courts have held that those exemption laws
were entirely prospective as to debts and could
have no effect whatsoever in the case of ante-
cedent debts; and the effect of that decision in
those States, with that interpretation of their
exemption laws, w.as to defeat the object Con-
gress had in view in passing the act of 1870.
This bill, therefore, does nothing butcarryout
the purpose of the act of 1870.
And now, as to the repeal of the bankrupt
law, I agree with the Senator from Maryland
that it ought, in my judgment, to be repealed.
I think with him ; but its repeal would not do
away with the necessity of this bill which is
now before the Senate, because the repealing
bill saves,-and must if it do justice save, ail
pending proceedings in bankruptcy; and sav-
ing all pending proceedings in bankruptcy,
the bill that is now before the Senate is just as
necessary as if. the bankrupt law were to con-
tinue on our statutes.
Mr. WRIGHT. I propose to bring the Sen-
ate to a direct vote on the question, and I
therefore move to amend the bill by adding to
it as an additional section the following 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be regarded as pending
on its third reading, as there was no formal
vote, and it will then be in an amendable con-
dition. The bill now being on its third read-
ing in the Senate, the Senator from Iowa
moves to amend it.
Mr. WRIGHT. By adding what is known
as Senate bill No. 1401, to repeal an act entitled
'"An act to establish a uniform system of
baukruptey throughout the United States."
Mr. LEWIS. 1 hope the Senator will not
prepare to add that amendment to the bill
and embarrass it in that way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to take up
the time of the Senate. I hope my friend will
withdraw that amendment. He knows that
that involves a large question which is fairly
debatable, and I believe we all understand that
