136
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Ho. of Reps.
Credit' Mobilier—Mr. Bingham.
42d Cong....3d Sees.
Making a grand total of revenue contributed
by States bordering on these two valleys
of $709,729,001 44 in round numbers, over
forty-three per cent, of the entire internal rev-
enue of the country up to and including the
year 1872.
Now, in view of these facts, is there anything
unreasonable in the request that the tolls on
their commerce should be reduced one half?
internal watek lines the remedy fob evils op
bailkoad monopoly.
The great question of the future, yes I may
say the problem now upon us, is, as to how
we shall provide cheap transportation for the
surplus products of the West to the seaboard.
We have had one or more bills brought to the
attention of the House during this session look-
ing toward Government interference in railway
management. The main trunk lines of rail-
way are glutted with freights far beyond their
capacity, and consequently get such large rates
that the farmers in the West cannot get living
prices for their grain and are burning their
corn.
Another new line of railway has just been
opened from the seaboard to the Ohio. I refer
to the Chesapeake and Ohio railroad, which may
afford some relief, but the farmer of south-
ern Illinois, Missouri, western Kentucky, or
southern Iowa can get no relief from this while
these heavy tolls are charged on this canal, for
the western terminus of that road is on the
Ohio, five hundred miles away; and, in order
to reach it, gvery bushel of grain must pass
through this canal and have its value at the
point of shipment lessened just in proportion
as it contributes to this tax. The interest
evinced in the discussion in the House the
other day on the proposed water lines to the
seaboard is proof to my miud that their build-
ing is a foregone conclusion.
They will afford a remedy for the great evils
from which we now suffer from the extortions of
railway combination and monopoly, and when
the James River and Kanawha canal is com-
pleted, and the day is not far distant when
that will be accomplished, how necessary and
essential to the prosperity of the internal com-
merce of the country will it be that the Louis-
ville and Portland canal should be practically
free. The internal water lines are the only
safety the people have, their only chance by
their competition to get reasonable rates from
the railroads. And while we have encouraged
the building of railroads, and by so doing
doubtless largely increased the resources of
the country, let us not neglect our rivers, the
natural avenues of trade by which, it seems to
me, we can only keep any successful check
upon the charges of railroads.
importance of this wokk in time of war.
But while we can scarcely overestimate the
importance of this work in the encouragement
and development of commerce and the arts of
peace, surely the necessity of safe and rapid
transit for steamers around these falls in time
of war is entitled to serious and thoughtful
reflection.
It was suggested by a gentleman during the
discussion upon the appropriation bill for
West Point the other day, when the question
of dropping the study of Spanish from the
course at the Military Academy was up, that
he expected to see the day when the officers
of our Army would be issuing orders in that
language having their headquarters at Morro
Castle, at Cubi,, or the halls of the Moutezu-
mas, in Mexico, and I believe that the gentle-
man's expectation or prophecy will be real-
ized. Our relations with Spain and Mexico
cannot be said to be entirely satisfactory, and
in the event that we should have trouble with
Spain in regard to Cuba, or with Mexico in
regard to the disturbances on the Rio Grande,
how important to the Government would it be
that this canal should be enlarged and made
practically free. I have conversed with num-
bers of intelligent officers in the quartermas-
ter's department who made the estimate based
upon their experience during the war that the
Government lost in money by delays, by dam-
age to and loss of steamers at the canal,
owing to its want of capacity, more than the
amount already expended by appropriations
and the amount of the debt, $1,171,000, which
it is proposed the Goverenment shall assume
by the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana.
practical reconstruction.
I have already taken more time of the
House than I intended, but not one moment
less than the importance of the question under
discussion demanded. The great drawback to
this improvement in the past has been that it
was located within the borders of a slave State.
Slavery is now abolished, the war is over, and
considerations of patriotism and interest alike
demand that we should address ourselves to
the task of repairing the losses iucurred and
building up the places made desolate by the
ravages of war. To that end we should
encourage every work which tends to make
communication between the two great sections
of the country, lately estranged, rapid, free,
and safe. Improve this canal, then, and make
it free to the commerce of the valleys of the
Ohio and Mississippi; commerce is the great
civilizer, it is the great agency of peace and
prosperity.
Stand with me in the great depot of the
Louisville and Nashville railroad at Louisville,
Kentucky, and observe the long lines of
freight trains, with a car ticketed and billed
from Boston, Massachusetts, bound for At-
lanta, Georgia; another from Cincinnati,
bound for Jackson, Mississippi; another from
Louisville, bound for Murfreesborough, Ten-
nessee; and still another from NewYork,bound
for New Orleans, Louisiana; or stand at the
lock-gate at Portland, Kentucky, and see one
of those mighty river steamers emerging from
the canal, loaded down to the guards with
iron, nails, and shovel-plows from Pittsburg,
pork and furniture from Cincinnati, bound
for Memphis and Helena and the Red river
country in Texas, while another is waiting to
take her place, freighted with sugar and rice,
cotton and tobacco, from Vicksburg and New
'Orleans, bound for the up river, and then you
will see agencies of reconstruction far more
potent than troops and squadrons of armed
men. They are agencies of,peace and recon-
ciliation as well, for one appeals to fear and
engenders hate, while the other appeals to
material interest, to the pocket-nerve of the
people, and brings in its train law and order.
Make this canal, then, free, encourage the
commerce of these great valleys by relieving
it of exactions and tolls, and the result will
be prosperity to the people and peace and
good will within our borders.
Credit Mobilier.
SPFECH OF HOIS. J. A. BINGHAM,
of ohio,
In" the House of Representatives,
February 26, 1873.
The House having under consideration the report
of the select committee appointed to investigate the
alleged Credit Mobilier bribery-
Mr. BINGHAM said :
Mr. Speaker : I desire to say in the outset
that inasmuch as it is quite impossible to
argue the very important questions that are
before the House, under repeated interrup-
tion, I shall esteem it a favor if gentlemen
will not interrupt me.
I shall ask no pardon nor will I tender apol-
ogy for entering upon this discussion. It is
easy for any man, sir, in this House or out of
this House to undertake to silence the voice
of the Representative of a free people by mak-
ing false and malicious accusations against
him. The volunteer defamer who undertakes
that task with me mistakes altogether, sir, the
the temper of the man with whom he deals.
The honorable gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Niblack] in concluding his remarks
very properly referred to the interference of the
public journals in this question. Mr. Speaker,
I am not here to antagonize the gentleman in
the conclusion at which he has arrived as to
the animus of these journals. I know right
well that some of them (I do not speak of the
general press of my country) have dishonored
their high station before the American people.
The press has been not inaptly called in other
days the palladium of the liberties of the
people. The press of to-day by clamor, by
calumny and abuse, attempts to dictate to the
representatives of the people how they shall
discharge the duties enjoined upon them by the
obligation of their oaths. There was a time,
sir, (1789,) when Prance was torn by feud and
faction, and the king thought himself so strong,
backed by the cries of the multitude against
the assembly of the people, that he sent his
order to the bar of the assembly to notify ii to
disperse. The president of the Assembly,
equal to the occasion and a worthy represent-
ative of a great people, said to the grand mas-
ter, "Go tell the king that the assembled
nation cannot receive an order." I say to
these gentlemen of the press who have under-
taken to control the entire action of this House
from the beginning to the end of this contest
under the pretense, I suppose, that they are
the warders of the public liberties and that
they are the keepers of the consciences of
the Representatives of the people, the United
States in Congress assembled cannot receive
an order.
Why, sir, these men clamored for accusa-
tion, clamored for investigation, and clamor
for conviction and expulsion against law and
fact. Their cry was in such a case as this,
the House must investigate and the House of
its own motion appointed a committee, and
a most worthy committee, composed of gen-
tlemen who would have honored the Republic
in its best days. The special committee pro-
ceeded according to the usage of the House,
aud according to what I esteem the require-
ment of the Constitution to discharge the deli-
cate trust confided to them under the obliga-
tion of their oaths with closed doors. They
had proceeded but a few days until these gen-
tlemen who had undertaken to determine for
the House all things from the beginning, de-
nounced the committee, naming them one by
one, beginning with the honorable and distin-
guished gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Po-
land] who presided over its deliberations as
chairman, and closing with the name of the
gentleman of exalted intellect and spotless
character from Maryland, [Mr. Merrick,]
intimating that they were all corrupt, and
demanding that the doors be opened; They
undertook to govern the deliberations of a
deliberative committee by the cry of the mob.
I ask no favors of such men. They dishonor
human nature, and insult the public con-
science. I do not live by the breath of their
mouths. The Representatives of the people,
thank God, are as free under the shield of the
Constitution as the representatives of the press,
and know just as well how to discharge their
duties.
Mr. Speaker, protests were made by the
honorable chairman of the committee and by
the honorable gentleman, my friend from
Indiana, [Mr. Niblack:,] against interfering
