14156
THE -CON GEES SIGNAL GLOBE.
February 18,
this bill ought either to pass or be defeated
irrespective of .the question of the repeal. If
the bankrupt act is repealed, this bill ought to
passjust the same, if it has merit in and of
itaelf 5 and it ought not to pass if the bankrupt
law is not repealed and it lacks, the merit
which has been imputed' to it. So I hope the
Senator will not embarrass this little question,
which is of so much consequence, as our friends
iti the southern States particularly think, to
enable them to get over the effects of the war
and the universal bankruptcy down there, by
opening this question of the repeal at this
time.
Mr. POOL. I was about to appeal to the
Senator from Iowa as the Senator from Ver-
mont has done to withdraw this amendment.
This bill has no earthly connection' with the
repeal of the bankrupt law. If the -law is re-
pealed to take effect on the 1st of July, this is
as necessary to my constituents and the people
of other States as if it were to stand indefin-
itelyj There is no connection between the
two ; and be is only embarrassing a measure
the effect of which is to untie a legal compli-
cation and relieve my constituents and many
others in the southern States of very heavy
burdens. I hope he will withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I rose a
few moments ago to say to the Seuator from
Iowa and to the Senate that I thought his
amendment was one of too much gravity to be
introduced in the morning hour at the end of
a bill which is merely partial in its operation,
because it affects only one feature of the bank
rapt law. Whether the bankrupt law ought
to be repealed in toto, or whether it ought to
be amended, are questions that may during
this session arise in the Senate. When they
do, they will receive, as they deserve, a very
thorough consideration.
I appeal to the Senator from Iowa not to
press his amendment at this time upon this
bill. I think the bill before the Senate is one
'hat ought to pass whatever becomes of the
bankrupt law. I quite agree with what the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] said a
while ago on that point.
Mr. WEIGHT. Mr. President, I offered
this amendment at this time for the reason
that on several occasions I have attempted to
get up the bill repealing' the bankrupt law,
and as often I have been defeated. I could
see no opportunity at this session of the Sen-
ate to get the measure before us unless I
embraced the present occasion. Now, I do
not see that the passage of this amendment
will at all interfere with the bill before the
Senate. It is conceded by the friends of the
present measure that it is just as necessary it
should be passed with my amendment as with-
out it.
Now I have discharged my duty in offering
this amendment. The friends of the measure,
those who are with me in the advocacy of this
amendment, however, think that this time is
?PP°rtnne> and prefer that the matter
should go over. My own judgment is that it
ought to be pressed. I, however, defer to their
wishes, and withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. Do I understand that the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa is with-
drawn ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
troin Iowa states that, deferring to the wishes
oi senators, h6 withdraws it.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I have a
great deal of sympathy with the debtor class
of this country realizing, as I do, the great
revolutions of fortune by which so many men
have suffered, particularly in the South, on
account of the war in which the country has
been unhappily engaged. At the same time I
question very much whether, as a matter of
principle, the bill now before the Senate is
entirely to be justified.
The State of Virginia passed, I believe, a
Jaw since the war exempting $2,000 of the
property of the debtor from execution process.
Two thousand dollars would form a fair average
capital, for most men concerned in commercial
business thrdughout the rural sections of that
Commonwealth, arid apply to a very large
and meritorious class of men in the towns of
Virginia and the South. The State law was
passed upoii by Ihe judicial of Virginia, and
declared to be in conflict with that provision
of the Constitution of the United States which
fotfbids S. State <6 pass a law in violation of the
obligation of a contract. There is no such
restriction u|>oii the power of Congress ; and
it is sought, by means of a congressional act,
to do that Which would be ifi violation of the
policy Which placed the restriction upon the
States. This bill expressly declares that—
Such exemptions— ,
That is to say exemptions allowed by the con-
stitution and laws of each State as existing in
187.1, shall—
be valid against debts contracted before the adop-
tion and passage of such State constitution and
laws, as well as those contracted after the same, and
against liens by judgment Or deoree of any State
court, any decision of any suoh court rendered since
the adoption and passage of such constitution and
laws to the contrary notwithstanding.
Any one can readily understand the moral
reasons for the restriction .upqn the States of
law forbidding the violation of the obliga-
tion of a contract. However much I may
desire to see ease and favor granted to debtors
at the present time and under the emergencies
of the losses entailed by the entire disruption
of their system of labor and their social econ-
mies throughout the southern States, 1 cannot
but look with disfavor upon this method of
running to Congress to obtain areversal of the
deliberate and, in my opinion, just decision of
their State courts.
The bankrupt law already provides for an
exemption of $600, double the amount allowed
by the law of my State to delinquent debtors.
Now it is proposed, not for the future, not since
the passage of the former act in 1870, but to
go back in all time and to exclude from lia-
bility to execution process, whether that exe-
cution process is founded upon a decree or a
judgment duly and properly obtained before
the passage of this bill, no matter for what,
the law is to be ruthlessly brushed aside and
the exemption of $2,000 is to be extended
as a shield over the entire property of the
debtor. I confess that with all my sym-
pathy for this class of struggling debtors I feel
that this bill is in violation of a principle
although it is not in violation of a constitu-
tional limitation.
As I said, the limitation upon the power of
the States forbids such a law, and the courts
of the southern States, especially the courts of
Virginia, have decided it to be a power ultra
vires in the Legislature of that State to make
such a law j and therefore I regret that they
have. resorted to Congress to overcome the
decisions of their own States. Believing that
the obligation of a contract is essential to be
preserved, and a,s men must be held to make
their contracts in view of the law as it exists,
for the public law enters of its own force into
every contract, and as these contracts were
made in the face of existing law, I shall be
sorry to see this present measure adopted by
the Senate.
The bill was ordered to a third reading and
read the third time.
passage of the bill a division was
called for, and the bill was passed—ayes thirty-
two, noes not counted.
OBSCENE LITEltATUBE.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask unanimous
consent to take up 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that under the order of the Senate, the
Calendar, under the Anthony rule, is to be
considered daring the remainder of the morn-
ing hour until one o'clock.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask unanimous
consent to take up Senate bill No. 1572, a
bill which has been reported from the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
been recommended unanimously. ' I believe
there will be no objection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut asks unanimous consent to
suspend the Calendar tinder the Anthony rule
and take up Senate bill No. 1572, 'for the sup-
pression of trade in and circulation of obscene
literature and articles of immoral use.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is a bill which in-
volves a great many important questions. I
do not know whether it can be left to officers
of the custom-house to determine with safety
what kind of literature or what sort of matter
is to be admitted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill must
remain on the Calendar unless by unanimous
consent, for it is the order of the Senate that
bills must be taken in their order under the
Anthony rule unless waived.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to withdraw the
remarks I made, because I understand that
this bill relates to the mails altogether, and
not to the custom-house.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
1572) for the suppression of trade in and cir-
culation of obscene literature and articles of
immoral use was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads with an amend-
ment, to strike out all of the bill after the
enacting clause and insert the following :
]fhat whoever, within the District of Columbia,
or either of the Territories, or other place within
the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States, shall
sell, or offer to sell, or shajl give away, or offer to
give away, or shall have in his or her possession
with intent to sell or give away, any obscene or in-
decent book, pamphlet, paper, advertisement,draw-
ing, lithograph, engraving, wood-cut, dmjuorrco-
type, photograph, stereoscopic picture, model, cast,
instrument, or other article of indecent or immor.il
nature, or any article or medicine for the preven-
tion of conception, or for causing abortion, except
on a prescription of a physician in good standing,
given in good faith, or shall advertise the same for
sale, or shall write or print, or cause to be written
or printed, any card, circular, book, pamphlet, ad-
vertisement, or notice of any kind, stating when,
where, how, or of whom, or by what means, nny oi
the said obscene or indecent articles, or those here-
inbefore mentioned, can be purchased or obtained
or shall manufacture, draw, or expose to have sold
or exposed, or shall print any such article, shall, on
conviction thereof, be imprisoned at hard labor for
not less than six months nor more than five years
for each offense, or fined not less than 1100 nor more
than $2,000, with costs of court.
Sec. 2. That section one hundred and forty-eight
of the act to revise, consolidate, and amend the
statutes relating to the Post Office Department,
approved June 8,1872, be amended to read as fol-
lows:
Sec. 148. That no obseene, lewd, or lascivious
book, pamphlet, picture, paper, print, or other pub-
lication of an indecent character, or any article or
thing designed or intended for the prevention of
conception or procuring of abortion, nor any article
or thing intended or adapted for any indecent or
immoral use or nature, nor any written or printed
card, circular, book, pamphlet, advertisement, or
notice of any kind giving information, directly or
indirectly where, or how, or of whom, or by what
means, either of the things beforementioned may be
obtained or made, nor any letter upon the envelope
ot which, or postal card upon which indecent or
scurrilous epithets may be written or printed, shall
be carried in the mail; and any person who shall
Knowingly deposit, or cause to be deposited for
mailing or delivery, any of the hereinbefore men-
tioned articles or things, or any notice or paper
containing any advertisement relating to the afore-
said articles or things, and any person who, in pur-
suance of any plan or soheme for disposing of ;inv
oi the hereinbefore mentioned articles or thing"
shall take or cause to be taken from the mail anv
such letter or package, shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and, on conviction thereof, sh.ill for
fuery„2?S!se' h-e fined not less than $100 nor more
'nan 15,000, or imprisoned at hard labor notless than
one year nor more than ten years, or both, in the
discretion of the judge."
Sec. 3. That all persons are prohibited from im-
porting into the United States, from any foreign
country, any of the hereinbefore-mentioned articles
or things, except the drugs herein mentioned when
imported m bulk, and not put up for any of th<>
purposes before mentioned, under a penalty of $1 (l!K;
tor each importation,,to be imposed upon duo con-
viction of such offense; and all such prohibited
articles in the course of importation shall be seized
destroyed ^ °S oustoms an<l • condemned and
Sec, 4. That whoever, being an officer, agent, ot
