1873.
th$ ; Qpmmmwwm$.
employ6 of the Government of the United, States,
shall knowingly aid or abeit any person engaged in
any .violation of this iici, sfcp,ll tbe gujlty-ftf
a mis(ipmean<?r, and, on aonyictipn tperopff^pptj,
for evefy offense, be punished as provided itit Section
two of this act;
Skc. 5. That anyJu^Ke of apy di«tr|.cfr,or circuit
court of.the United States before w,hQm complaint
of any violation of this,a<!t shall'bemaa.e^sup&orted
by oath or affirmation founded oa*'fci!tottfea£e or
search'ior, seize, an*! take pcssessibn of "any Stteh
obscene or indeoenthooksi-pAPer^* ^rticles. or.thmgq,
and to make due and'injinedi^te-retufn thereof, tp
the end that the same may o'e cb^demn^a and'de-
stroyed by proceedings,^which;shaH befcondacted in
the same manner as other proceedings IjD cft§e of
municipal seizure.
Mr.'BUCKINGHAM. Ipro,pose the fol-
lowing .slight amendment,on page 5——
Mr. THURMAN,. Tjhjs is .averyimpprtant
bill, and I am. very much in favor of the pur-
pose' aimed at by the bill, the Suppression of
the abominations which are referred' to in
But the bill requires very careful consideration
&nd comparison with the LaWjS already in force,
and I think some comparison with tbe State
laws. I, for One, should like" to have an oppor-
tunity to examine the 'bill before voting upon
it. i.uever have sepp it before. I spas not
aware that there was.^ph ti.bill here.' { woiuid
be glad if it might.,lie over, for & iday .or tw.o,
when I Will help to tiike-ifciup., lt •
Mr. BUCKINGHAM- I cordi^ljyponsent
to that suggestion. Letritlie ovqr informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT.' ;T,he biftl will be
passed'over. The Secretary w,ill read the first
bill o.n the .Calendar at the jpoiut w;hej^ its
consideration-i§- resumed -thi« nwmiitg, «u der
the Anthony rule.
SITES OP PORTS IN TEXAS.
The bill (H. "R. No.. 1136) to provide for
the purchase, by the *SeCretary of War, of
lands for the United State's in the State of
Texas, for the sites of forts and military posts,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill proposes :to authorize ithe Secretary
of War to purchase, at.a fair jpripa, -to be ascer-
tained by a board of .three officers ,to be
appointed by Him, ,iwhoae report stall be sub-
ject to the ajjproval or .rejection of the Presi-
dent and; copfirmation by .Congress, such lands
in the State of Texas as may be-ri^cegsary (for
tbe use of the United States fprifg'rjsand mili-
tary posts. The report of tfee >boa^d is to be
made through the commanders of the depart;
ment and military division, apd sul$.ect tp thefir
approval or disapproval; but the ep^tract for
any one of the tracts of land is not to be (jofli-
pleted, nor any of the pujrcjiasp ipon^y p^id,
until the Attorney General o*f the] United
States shall have given his w.ritten opinion in
favor of the validity of the title of the land ;
and the Legislature of T-ex&s is, at its next ses-
sion, to pass an act ceding exclusive jurisdic-
tion over the site-or sites to the United States,
anil forever exempting the property, from tax-
ation. :
Nothing in the bill is to be construed to
authorize the Secretary of War to bind the
Government of the United States to comply
with any contract, for. any of tive lands, or to
be held by the arbitration or adjudication of
any of. the courts of the State of Texas as to
the price thereof and the terms of purchase,
until the board shall have re.comTnended it and
the President shall have approved of the pur-
chase, and Congress shall have confirmed it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Iwish to move ah amend-
ment to that bill., .You-will perceive, Mr.
President, that it is entirely indefinite .in its
duration. It will authorize the .Secretary of
War, twenty years hence, to have an unlimited
authority to buy land in -Texas. I cannot
suppose that the Committee on Military Affairs
intended to have it an unlimited bill. I
to amend it by adding a proviso -which shall
declare that dl authority to be exercised under
this act shall cease at the expiration of two
years after the passage hereof.
Mr. WEST- Texas is an extensive country,
vv«v  u* W V
limitation, I venture to.suggest to him to.mWke
it,§vey.eai$.. ." ', .-
. Mr. .EDMUNDS. jW is tpp.loiig,; ,<y$
it thr,e,e' years, and :I ,witf .consent.
Mr. FflSf. Very well. .
The VICE PRESlpE'^T. If#ere ba ,qp
objection, tha£ amendment will be regarded as
agreed to. '
'fhe bill was reported, to thp, .Senate as
amended, a.o,d -the anjer^droent w^s cojicurfed
it). It was ordered ithat th.e ^,ujeri(lment be
engrofisecj'^jxd.jtjjie ^>,ill re.adatbird time. The
bill w£s,re$d the third time,,an,dpassed.
WU.LIAM J8AYNB.- : , '
Mr. WRIGHT. I begto say that yesterday,
during niy a'bsenee in committee, When' House
bill No. 8166 was reached——
Mr. WEST. I canu6t bear distinctly what
the Senator from Iowa is stating, but I think
it my duty, as the morning hour has expired,
to e'ali for the regular Order. , '
The VICE PRESIDENT. Th'js Chair was
about to do that; but tbe Senatoir from Iowa
rose to make a .request, and the Chair waited
to hear it. ' '
Mr. WEST. Wfe cannot hear him on this
side. - -
WRIffHT. 'I was about to state that
yesterday,: duri ng my necessary absence upon
a cotamitfee, House bill No. 3166 was called
up and passed over on the Calendar. I do not
know What the objection was to the passage of
th£ bill. I do-not. know but that ,i't was because
1 was absent, having reported the bill. As 1
am compelled to leave the'Chamber again to
go to the committee-room, I should be very
glad if that bill could be taken up and acted
upon at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Military Academy
appropriation bill is before the Senate; but
the Senator from Iowa asks unanimous con-
sent, in consequence of necessary absence
from the Senate during its session, to take
up a bill which was passed over in his absence,
which was reported by him from the Com-
mittee on Claims. It will'be read, subject to
objection.
The Chief Clerk read the- bill (H.! R.
Wai. 3166) for the relief of William Bayne,
$yn gtcc &C *
Mr. 'WRIGHT. As I am compelled to
return to the committee-room, I hope the bill
•will be disposed of now unless there be some
abjection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hearthe
report read.
Mr. SHERMAN. The report was read
yesterday, I think, and some Senator ob-
jected.
'Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not recollect its
being read.
Mr. SHERMAN. ' I am not sure, but I
think some Senator objected after the reading
of the report.
Mr. WRIGHT. That was the reason I called
it up. I did not know but that the objection
was made because I was absent and should be
here to "explain it, having .reported the bill. I
will State that the bill is for the rent of a ware-
house under a contract made for the purpose
by the proper authorities and the rent agreed
upon, and there is no allowance for damages
whatever. It is simply for the rent of th6
building.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If that is the statement
of the case, if this gentleman rented a ware-
house to the authorities, where is the difficulty
in getting his pay?
Mr. WRIGHT. The warehouse was in
Alexandria, and it was during the war, and
the Secretary of War decided that under the
act of Congress, inasmuch as it was in an
insurrectionary State, he had no power to allow
it; but it was within our lines all the time.
Under the construction given to the law by the
Secretary of War, however, inasmuch as it WaF
in ap. insurrectionary ,State, he bfd not .th.t
power to allow the rent. "... ' ,
. ,Mr. EDMUNDS. That, raises a difficult,
question..' t t&injt the bill tod better.wait u«,til
December. . >
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.' ' - 1
MIMTARTT ACADEMY' APPROPRIATIONS.
The Senate, as ip Committee of the Wliole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
3787).>maki g appropria ions for the support
of the Military Academy for the fiscal year
lending, June 3ft, 1874.
fhe VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
,wiil rea,d the bill, and the amendments of the
Committee on Appropriations will be acted
upon as they .occur in the text, if there be no
objection. '
The Chief Qlerk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Aflprpp,nations w.as i,n line twelve, after the
word "service" to strike out the words "in
the Army a.nd in liiie .fourteen, after the
Wftrd Qn,elto strike out the words "of
engineers;" in line fifteen, to strikeout
ipprdiS "and .the instructor .of Ordnance and
science of guipneryand in line sixteen, after
.the words " lieutenant colonel" to strike out
the words "of engineers •' a-n<} insert "and
the "instructors of ordnpnce and science of
gunnery arid of practical engineering shall
have the pay and allowances of major;" so
that the proviso will read:
That the professors of the United States Military
Aaadamy whose service at the Academy exceeds ten
years shall Uavo tUe pay >nd,allowances .of colonel;
an$ all olher prpfessors shall have the pay and al-
lowances of -lieutenant colonel; and the instructors
of ordnance and science of gunnery and of practical
engineering, shall have the i>ay -and allowances of
major. And hereafter there shall be allowed and
paid to the sjiid professors ten per cent, of their
current yearly pay for each and every term of five
years' service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to ask the
Senator who has this bill in charge what is
the difference between the amendment and the
House provision ?
Mr. WEST. To which particular amend-
ment does the Slepator refer?
Mr. CASSERIJY. The one just read as to
the instructor of ^rdnance.
Mr. WEST,. The instructor of ordnanceat
West Point is, not a professor. He -is an offi-
cer detailed from'the Army. The House bill
provided that the instructor of ordnance and
the science of gunnery should be put on the
same footing as professors of military science
who are withdrawn from the Army and become
as it were civil officers, pursue the avocations
of civil life. This officer of the Army, who is
the instructor of ordnance aijd the science of
gunnery, is detailed there and'sent .to West
Point by the Secretary of War, perhaps by the
President, I think it is by the Secretary of
War; and'it is not intended that'during his
temporary service there he should have any
other additional compensation except such as
would be commensurate with the increased
expenditure involved at that post. The
amendment, as it is reported by the committee,
in place of giving this .gentleman $3,000 a
year gives him $'2,500, or an increase of $600
per annum, in consideration of the.faet that I
state, the increased expense of living at the
post.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand, then, thy
object of fhe Senate amendment is simply te
make tbe compensation of the instructor oo
ordnance, when he happens to be a mililarf
officer, as 1 believe he is at present, equal to
what' the pay would be if he were not com-
pelled to incur any additional expense, be
being at the particular post for that purpose?
Mr. WEST. Yes, sir
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will proceed with the reading of the bill.
The next amendment was on page 2, line
