474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10.
mo: ey to-day that you do not know anything
about.
Mr. COXlvLING. IIow are these inspect-
ors to ascertain it ?
Mr. S i 1-iU'AR ['. They are to go out to the
reservations.
Mr. CO XK LING. _ When?
Mr. S i'EWAli I". They are to go there and
examiue witnesses twice a year ; aud they cuu
tiiul ou: a great many things.
Mr. CONKLING. Before they are done ?
Mr. STEWART. They can tind them out
so as to prevent their repetitiou m the future.
Tluy cannot tind out things before they are
done, but they can find out what kiud of men
we there aiid what they are doing. The In-
dian agent at eastern Nevada was turned out
the other day on account of the discovery of
M.metaing wrong. Everybody is pleased with
that, lie had been there a long time, and it
was three years before anybody knew of it.
Before reports get to the Department the thing
is done and the money expended ; and if an
nsjent does not happeu to be found out acci-
dentally aud you do not get a report from
some traveler or somebody to raise suspicion,
and the ageut is a pretty clever fellow and
manages the thing himself and conducts
it in that way, he can make any report he
pleases here. Wiil you expend this amount
of money tn this way and appoint your agents
without having auyhudy to whom they are
accountable ?
There is nothing more easy than the manu-
facture of accounts; but if an energetic man,
a man of character, goes ou: on an Indian
reservation, he cau ascertain from the neigh-
bors aud the people who live in the vicinity thi
about how many ludians there are there, and
generally how the business is conducted;
whether there is any great scandal connected
with it, and if so, something can be done to
Ci rrect the evil.
It is idle to say that you are bound to appro-
p ;atu the money and take your chances with
agents, let them steal if they will, and you
mast make your appropriations on their report,
aud there is no remedy lor it; or tha' you must
pass a separate bill on the subject, which we
know would riot have auy chauce of passing.
Practically, this appropriation will be gone
belore we could possibly get any such bill
through. Now is the time to do it. These
reforms have all been attempted on the Indian
appropriation bill, and it is the proper place
lor them. By this bill the mouey is to be
expended, and by thin bill there should be a
provision for knowing how it is expended.
The chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs tell us that he thinks there ought to be
an inspection. He was inquired of yesterday
whether there was such an inspection now.
He said no, but that there ought to be an inspec-
tion. He has had a great deal of experience
on this subject; and when it is known that the
great mass of this money is expended by Indian
agents, and there is no inspection over the
parties, and when it is known that there are
such extraordinary facilities for obtaining
vouchers aud making reports, it seems to me
ordinary prudence on the part of the Govern-
ment requires that some inspection should be
ordered. Perhaps this may not be the best
thing, but we are organizing no commission to
supersede either the Iuterior Department or
the board of peace commissioners. The
Interior Department want to ascertain the ;
facts. !
Mr. WINDOM. In order that I may get at !
the Senator's views, will he inform me what j
the duties of this board of Indian commis-
sioners will be after the appointment of the ;
commission of inspectors he proposes?
Mr. STEWART. The same as they are
now.
Mr. WINDOM. Their duties now are to
inspect, and each one of them has perfect and
complete authority to exaipiae all contract*,
aud they are required by law to supervise all
expenditures for ludians.
Mr. STEWART. They will do just about
as much good as they have been doing.
Mr. WINDOM. If we appoint somebody
else, will they do this work ?
Mr. STEWART. They do not do it now.
Mr. WINDOM. Is that certain?
Mr. STEWART. We are nut appointing
men to inspect the Department here.
Mr. WINDOM. 1 have too much faith in
these gentlemen to suppose that they have not
done their work. I flunk they have. I believe
they have been all over the country.
Mr. STEWART. I know there are plenty
of reservations where they have not been and
do not pretend to have been.
Mr. Til U KM AX. If the Senator from
Nevada will allow me. 1 will suggest the differ-
ence between the two. These gentlemen called
the board of Indian commissioners act
volun-
tarily, without pay. There is nothing in the
statute that is mandatoiy upon them. It is
simply permissive, granting authority. They
may make examinations, but the law does not
compel them to do so, aud the consequence is
that it depends entirely upon their own volition
whether they go and make the examinations
or not. If they have made the examinations
contemplated by tiie Senator from Nevada let
them be produced, they have been in office
long enough, and let us see whether they have
made such examinations, and what thty are.
The difference between that board and the
inspectors provided for by the amendment of
the Seuator from Nevada is that in the one
case they are simply authorized to do the
thing", aud may do it or not, iu their own will
and discretion, and in the amendment of the
Senator from Nevada it is made the impera-
tive duty of the inspectors to do it.
Mr. WINDOM. I am not quite eer'ain, if
the Senator from Nevada will allow uie, to
what extent they do perform their duties, but
I knuw that they supetvise and superintend
the purchase of all goods for the Indians,
which has beeo one of the most prolific sources
of corruption in the Indiau department, and
I know I have heard of them in various parts
of the country. I have assumed that they did
their duty.
Mr. CORBETT. If the Senator from, Ne-
vada wiil allow me, I will state how much
travel they have done.
Mr. STEWART. I prefer to go on, but I
will hear that.
Mr. CORBETT. The commission have
averaged about eight thousand miles each per
year since they were appointed. It is true
they have not visited every agency and every
superintendency. As I am in sympathy with
the Senator from Nevada, I did not wish him
to misstate the facts, and I know he would not
do so intentionally or have it inferred that
these commissioners had not visited any of
these agencies. I am informed by their sec-
retary this morning that they have averaged
over eight thousand miles each.
Mr. STEWART. A good deal of that
travel was on railroads in the eastern portion
of the country necessarily, as all these gentle-
men reside in the East, and eight thousand
miles would not be a good deal of travel when
you estimate the distance coming to Washing-
ton and back and out on the border frontier
on railroad. They do not pretend that they
have been able to do this work. On the con-
trary, they say that in order that this service
may be performed, there must be inspectors
appointed. That is one of their recommeoda- !
tions. That is one of the things they have
learned, one of the things that Congress ought
to know it is necessary to have.
Mr. WINDOM. Let me ask the Senator
if another of the recommendations is not that
we repeal the law appointing a number of
superintendents ?
Mr. STEWART. I have nothing to do with
| that now. All that I desire now is to have
! some means of usceitainLug where this money
goes. Do not leL us attend t,a too many things
at a time. I do not think the salaries of your
officers amount to a very large percentage of
the waste in this branch of the service. I
think the great waste consists iu fraud. It
may be very well for these peace commission-
ers to supervise the coutracts made here. That
has been their principal business. They have
not been out ou the frontier looking after the
little contracts made there. Their supervision
has been mostly coutined to the purchase of
goods that have been sent out; but your ap-
propriations are not confined to the purchase
of goods. Large sums are expended on the
ground for a great vatiety of objects. Then
the goods must be distributed. When the
goods get there, they may not be used for the
purpose for which they were purchased. There
ought to be somebody there to see what is
done with them.
These peace commissioners do not propose
to do that. They have uot done it, and will
not do it. If this money is now appropriated,
without some provision for inspection, we shall
know just about as much next year what has
been done with it as we know what was done
with the money appropriated last year, and
nobody in the Senate knows what was done
with last year's appropriations. The only
information we have is what the men who got
the money tell us. If they are dishonest,
inefficient, or extravagant, we have no means
of ascertaining the fact from them; they will
not tell it. It may leak out years afterward,
after all the frauds have been committed.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I am inclined
to think that some sort of an inspection would
be advisable aud would tend to economy and
honesty in the administration of the Indian
service. At all events, the Senator from Min-
nesota is in fault iu supposing that these in-
spectors, if appointed, would oust the commis-
sioners, unless they are willing to be ousted,
for, as we have just heard, they have learned
during the last two years that there qught to
be just such a course of inspection adopted.
This is their recommendation. After having
traveled eight or \ine thousand miles each
per year, if they.' .ve traveled so much, they
nave ascertained ihat this kind of inspection is
necessary in order to an efficient enforcement
of the laws on this Bubject. That they have
performed valuable service no one will call in
question. They have supervised the purchase
of goods and supplies, at least that portion of
them which has been, purchased in New York,
Philadelphia, Chicago, and St. Louis ; but the
purchases which have been made in the field
they probably have not inspected, nor has it
been within the range of possibility that they
could be present when those goods were de-
livered and know whether they were honestly
distributed; and they, by their own practice,
in consequence of the efforts which they them-
selves have put forth, have ascertained that
they cannot do the kind of service recom-
mended by this amendment.
I have read with great care and deep inter-
est the report of the commissioners, which is
now, I believe, on the Secretary's desk, and
from which a passage has been read. You
will find, if you will read their report, that
they do not say they have performed any part
of the service contemplated by this amend-
ment.
This proposition is in harmony with the pro-
visions which we find in the other Departments
of tha Government. Why do you have super-
visors of internal revenue? You have your
assessors and collectors of internal revenue,
and a Commissioner to whom they report, and
a Secretary of the Treasury to supervise the
whole ; and yet you have supposed that, for
the purposes of safety and economy, it was
necessary to have another class of officers,
who could drop down on these subordinates
