1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139"
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Bingham.
Ho. of Reps.
never acted otherwise—never; they have never
undertaken by formal resolution to expel any
member of that body by reason of any crime
charged against him as having been commit-
ted before his election, but in the report made
the other day in the Caldwell case there is a
clear implication that, unless they could in-
quire into an offense alleged against that Sen-
ator under the power to judge of his election,
they could not inquire into it at all, because
the offense was not claimed to have been com-
mitted after, but in the matter of his election.
Hence, in that case the Senate do not report
expulsion, but only that the election is void
under the power to judge of the election of its
members. A very different question from this.
In 1858 the House made its decision in the
case of Orsamus B. Matteson. In that case,
after full consideration of the subject, the very
ground taken that the offense with which he
was charged, and of which he stood con-
fessed of record as guilty, having been com-
mitted before that Congress of which he was
then a member, the House held that they had
no jurisdiction over the case, and ordered by
a vote that the whole subject be laid upon the
table, and that Representative, who stood con-
fessedly guilty of bribery, maintained his seat
in the House.
Now, with all respect to the honorable
committee, I beg leave to say that I have
taken pains to examine every authority which
they have referred to in their report; I mean
the American authorities. I found no author-
ity whatever referred to by them to sustain
them, not one ; but, on the contrary, I do find
that the authorities to which they refer antag-
onize their report and their conclusions on the
question of power.
They refer to the authority of Chancellor
Kent, a name second to none among the
jurists of our country, a man who was very
felicitious in the use of words when he treated
on the powers conferred by the Constitution
of his country.
No man can read the text of Chancellor
Kent without seeing at once that the power of
each House under the Constitution over its
members is an expressed power and not an
implied power, as pretended here by some in
the haste and neat and excitement of debate.
In first Kent, (page 253,) it is said:
"There is no power expressly given to either
House of Congress to punish for contempt, exoept
when oommitted by their own members."
This implied power to protect itself and to
purify itself, in the case of Anderson vs.
Dunn, referred to in the Supreme Court of the
United States, and which is fully reported, has
nothing whatever to do with the matter in
hand. My learned and accomplished friend,
[Mr. Potter] noticing what I have just said
upon the authority of his own distinguished
neighbor, Chancellor Kent, and in support
of it, has sent me 6 Wheaton, containing
the ease of Anderson vs. Dunn, and asks my
attention to this passage in that decision:
'' But American legislative bodies have never
possessed or pretended to that omnipotence which
constitutes the legal feature in thelegislative assem-
blys of Great Britain, and which it may have occa-
sionally exercised under caprice or merited resent-
ment.
I am not speaking here of the violation
of privileges ot the House and of the Senate
by persons holding no commission in either.
I am not speaking of the implied powers in
either House over persons not members of the
body or officers of the United States. _ That
is another branch of the subject. It is the
implied power of each body to protect itself
against persons not members who violated its
privileges. That question was settled by the
court in the case of Anderson vs. Dunn, from
which I have just read. I am speaking of the
express limitation of the Constitution of my
country which determines the question now
before us as to the power to expel a member.
Mr. Speaker, I beg leave to say of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] in
passing, that in all the years of my service
with him here—and they have been many—in
all the years of my own service in this House,
I believe equal in number to those of any
member on this floor, I never heard a breath
of suspicion against his good name until this
accusation was raised—never.
Sir, whatever his rights may be under the Con-
stitution of my country, and whatever the rights
may be of that other distinguished Represent-
ative from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ames,] of
whom it may be said after he has gone hence,
whatever may be the determination of this
day he has not lived in vain ; he has contrib-
uted something to the honor, the greatness,
and glory of his country—whatever may be
said either in the way of praise or of censure,
one thing is true, that the American people
will demand at your hands that whatever rights
belong to each of these men as Representa-
tives of the people under their Constitution
and the statute laws shall be accorded to them.
Gentlemen in this connection have referred
to Story. I do not propose to read at any great
length from him. I am not unmindful of the
fact that this lamented man, so full of learn-
ing, often crowded iuto his pages so much of
the text of others with whose writings he was
familiar that a doubt often arises as to his true
and certain meaning. But I do not hesitate
to say that every thoughtful man in America
who reads the text of Story will come to the
conclusion that upon the question under con-
sideration this House has no power whatever
over any member of this body except the
power expressly given by the text of the Con-
stitution and by the laws of the United States
passed under the Constitution. Story says,
quoting from the Constitution.
"Bach House may determine the rules of its
proceedings, punish its members for disorderly
behavior"—
Punish "its" members, not the members of
another House, but punish its members ; not
a member of the Fortieth Congress; not a
member of the Thirty-Ninth Congress ; not a
member of the Thirty-Eighth Congress—
" punish its members for disordcry behavior, and
with the concurrence of two thirds expel a mem-
ber." * * * * "No person can doubt
the propriety of the provision authorizing each
House to determine the rules of its own proceedings.
If the power didnot exist, it would b e uttorly imprac-
ticable to transaot the business of the nation, either
at all, or at least with decency, deliberation, and
order. The humblest assembly of men is under-
stood to possess this power; and it would be ab-
surd to deprive the councils of the nation of a like
authority, But the power to make rules would be
nugatory unless it was coupled with a power to pun-
ish for disorderly behavior or disobedience to those
rules."
Now, how could a man who was not a mem-
ber of youf body at all be guilty of misbehavior
as a member of it, or of disobedience to your
rules before he came to be a member of it?
It is useless to waste words upon such a prop-
osition. Story goes on:
"And as a member might be so lost to all sense
of dignity and duty as to disgrace the House by the
grossness of his conduct, or interrupt its delibera-
tion by perpetual violence or clamor, the power to
expel for very aggravated conduct was also indis-
pensable, not as a common, but as an ultimate
redress for the grievance."
From whom? From a member of this body.
For what? For misconduct, for crime if you
please, too grievous to be put up with or borne
while he was a member of that body. Gen-
tlemen have referred to Rawle. Rawle refers
to the same provision of the Constitution, and
says:
" It has not been precisely settled what must be the
disorderly behavior to incur punishment, nor what
kind of punishment is to be inflicted: but it cannot
be doubted that misbehavior out of the walls of the
House or within them, when it is not in session.
would not fall within the meaning of the Constitu-
tion."
There is an authority cited by the committee.
I think it goes too far, but it does not sustain
the committee. I stand upon the ground that
a member-of this body during his membership
may be expelled for any crime he may have
committed against the laws of his country or
against the rules and authority and dignity of
this House after his election to this, not to
another House. And that is as far as under
the obligations of my oath I dare go. And
I venture the opinion that when the question
comes to be understood by the American
people that will be as far as any House of
Representatives dare go.
Mr. Speaker, I have now given to the House
not only the separate decision of the Senate
and the separate decision of the House on this
question, that neither House has power over
its own members to expel them for any offense
whatsoever committed before their election.
I have given you the interpretation of the
great writers upon the Constitution.
I will now give you another authority which
seems to have been overlooked by your hon-
orable committee, and that is that the legisla-
tive power of this Government has thrice de-
clared that the power embraced under the
Constitution to judge of the election, qualifi-
cation, and return by each House of its own
members, and the power also to expel a mem-
ber as disqualified by reason of infamous crimes
does not authorize either House to add to the
qualifications prescribed and thereby expel
members as disqualified by crimes not com-
mitted in office. That interpretation of your
Constitution has been given three times by the
legislative power of this nation. It has also
been so interpreted by the millions of freemen
who made your Constitution, and who gave
each of you as well as me a representative
character upon this floor. Such an over-
whelming weight of ruling against an assump-
tion of power I undertake to say never before
found its place in the English language.
Rebellion shook this continent. The rule
prescribed by the Constitution at that time was
simply that a person elected to the House, hav-
ing the qualifications prescribed by the Con-
stitution, duly returned to the House should
be admitted to his seat, and should of course
retain his seat after he was admitted.
What did the legislative power of the nation
say? In order to guard against the possibility
of danger, in order to protect the rights of the
people, (and I admit it was going to the very
verge of constitutional power,) by solemn law,
which is a legislative construction, the legisla-
tive power declared that this House had no
right to challenge the admission of any man,
being a citizen of the United States, being
twenty-five years of age, being a resident of
the State in which he was duly elected, and
his election being duly certified to this House;
the legislative department solemnly declared
that, as the law then stood, neither House had
the right to challenge the admission of any
such man to his seat upon the ground that he
had levied war against the United States and
had given aid and comfort to its enemies, nor
to expel him for such crime after admission.
The Congress of the United States in order to
meet that question prescribed the test-oath;
they passed an aet requiring that no person,
though having the requisite constitutional
qualifications for election, though duly elected
and duly returned, should be admitted until
he had taken an oath that he had not volun-
tarily given aid to the rebellion. They allowed
him to declare upon his oath that he had not
acted voluntarily in giving such aid and com-
fort when the Government of his country could
not give to him and his that protection which
allegiance has the right to demand.
