18T3.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
til
42d Gong....3d Sess.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Speer.
Ho. of Reps.
Credit Mobilier.
SPEECH OF HON. R. M. SPEER,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 27, 1873.
The House having under consideration the resolu-
tion to censureHon. William D. Kelley, of Penn-
sylvania, for connection with the operations of the
Credit Mobilier of America—
Mr. HOAR. Before the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Speer] proceeds, I wish
to ask him a question. The resolution which
he has submitted to the House asserts certain
facts as having been shown. It then makes
certain allegations tjiat those facts existed in
the course of a dishonest transaction. I ask
the gentleman whether he claims that those
charges were ever made against Mr. Kelley ;
that they have ever been referred to any com-
mittee ; that Mr. Kelley has ever had notice
of them or been allowed an opportunity to be
heard by counsel ?
Mr. DICKEY. Do not be alarmed. We
shall all be heard before we get through.
Mr. HOAR. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to answer that question as an
honest member of this House.
Mr. SPEER. I propose to answer it in the
course of my speech.
Mr. DICKEY. We all propose to be heard
a little. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPEER. Mr. Speaker, I trust I am
not insensible to the gravity of this hour and
its duties; and I may hope that those who
know me believe that no feeling of party or
faction has prompted the action that I have
taken here this day. I declare.before the House
and the country that I have taken it with deep
regret. For the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] affected by the resolution which
I have felt itmydutyto offer, Ihave personally
no unkind feelings. I have known him by
name for years as a prominent member of this
House and as an influential member of his
party; and I would rather let my right arm
fall from my shoulder than be the instrument
here or anywhere of doing him intentional
injustice. But, Mr. Speaker, I have a duty to
perform higher than personal friendships,
higher than my regard tor personal feelings;
and I rise here this hour to perform it, regret-
ting that it involves the dishonor of a Repre-
sentative of my State—regretting that the proud
State in whose bosom I have been reared, and
upon whose soil I expect to be buried, bows
her head in shame and grief over the evidence
now before the House and the country, with
its exposure of the conduct of her Represent-
ative. .
My colleague says he has been charged with
a crime and is here on trial unheard. Mr.
Speaker, this investigation was ordered on
your motion and he has been heard^ from
his own lips and with great patience, fairness,
and even tenderness, by the committee. He
bad the process of the United States^ to sum-
mon any and every witness he desired, and
through an investigation covering six weeks,
with the power of the Governmental his back,
he has borne an almost death-like silence.
But who is bia accuser, if he is here this
hoar upon trial ? If he is to be convicted, will
it not be on the testimony of a member of this
House of his own party, strengthened and forti-
fied as it is by his own evasions and prevarica-
tions? No, sir; I would condemn no man
unheard ; but when opportunity has been given
for six long weeks, and after as fair and impar-
tial a committee as was ever appointed by this
House have sat with open doors until nothing
else was to be offered, until the last hours of
the session, it is unjust to them, it is unjust to
truth, to say he has not been heard. If he
had witnesses, who are they? Where are
they? The world has never heard of them
and it never will.
My colleague complains about my reference
to him in a brief speech I made this morning.
I did not know whether he was in the Hall or
not, but I do know if he was not here it was
his duty to be here. But the complaint is
strange, for when I now offer him the floor he
declines to speak. I did make reference to
him, as I also made reference to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] and to
my colleague from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Sco-
field;] and in that reference I did what I
thought a simple act of justice, due to my
convictions upon the evidence, to the cause of
truth and due to these two gentlemen. I said
that I believed upon the case as presented
they were innocent, and I would vote for no
resolution of expulsion or censure of either of
them. I certainly had no political or personal
motive in making such a declaration. They
are both active members of the Republican
party, one of them prominent as a leader of
that party in my own State; and if I had
been governed by party considerations it
would have been my party interest to strike
him down, or at least to keep silence where
I could not justly condemn.
But I trust, Mr. Speaker, I shall be true to
myown sense of justiceand of right, regardless
of whether such course may help or hurt ray
party. I am not the slave of party. 1 am the
Representative of my people. And, sir, I would
feel myself unworthy of a seat upon this floor
if I should seek here or elsewhere to take ad-
vantage of the just indignation of the people
at the Credit Mobilier frauds to do a wrong
to any gentleman whose name has been con-
nected therewith.
I have asked the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kelley] to speak. I have asked
hiir, to have his friends speak. I have made
' the public offer here that he might have, as
far as I could give it, as many hours for public
discussion as Tie desired, reserving only one
hour for myself to close debate. That offer
was declined, and I thought in a way unworthy
of the spirit in which I made it. I have yielded
'a part of my hour to the gentleman's friends
who desired to speak, and I now propose
briefly and fairly to review the evidence as it
lies printed before the House. The commit-
tee have found a special verdict, and it is now
for this high court of the people to enter judg-
ment upon that verdict.
What are the facts? On the first day of
this session the Speaker of this House rose
to what he called a " question of the highest
privilege," and after stating that " during the
recent presidential campaign there was a wide-
spread accusation of bribery of members of
this House to perform certain legislative acts
for the benefit of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company by presents of stock in a corpora-
tion known as the Credit Mobilier," and after
stating further that the charge embraced him-
self and several other members, among them
my colleague, [Mr. Kelly,] he offered a res-
olution for the appointment of a committee of
investigation. The resolution was adopted,
the committee appointed, and its report is now
before us.
Now, as my colleague's name was mentioned
by the Speaker in connection with this charge
on December 2 last, he had notice then that
the investigation might involve him, and hence
he had ample time for preparation.
What does the report find to be the facts in
reference to my colleague ? I take the follow-
ing from page 7:
'"Mr. 'William D. Kelley, of Pennsylvania.
"The committee find from the evidence, thatin the
early part of the second session of the Fortieth Con-
gress, and probably in December, 1867, Mr. Ansa
agreed with Mr. Kelley to sell him ten shares of
Credit Mobilier stock at parani interest from July 1,
1867. Mr. Kklle y was not then prepared to pay for
the stock, and Mr. Ames agreed to carry the stock
for him until he could pay for it. On the 3d day of
January, 1868, there was a dividend of eighty pot
cent, on Credit Mobilier stock in Union Pacifts
bonds. Mr. Ames received the bonds, as the stock
stood in his name, and sold them for ninety-seven
per cent, of their fa.ee. In June, 1868, there was a
cash dividend of sixty per cent., which Mr. AMES
also received. The proceeds of the bonds sold, and
the cash dividends received by Mr. Ames, amounted
to $1,376. The par value of the stock and interest
thereon from the previous July amounted to 81,047;
so that, after paying for the stook, there was a
balance of dividends due Mr. Kku.ey of $329. On
the 23d day of June, 1868, Mr. Amks gave Mr. Kel-
ley a check for that sum on the Sereeant-at-Arms
ofthellouso of Representatives, ana Mr. KellbY
received the money thereon.
" Tho committee find that Mr. Kelley then under-
stood that the money he thus received was a balance
of dividends due him after paying for the stock.
" All tho subsequent,dividends upon thestockwere
either in Union Pacific stock or bonds, and they
wcro all recoived by Mr. Ames. In September, 1868,
Mr. Kelley recoived from Mr. Amks $750 in money,
which was understood between them to be an ad-
vanoe to bo paid out of dividends. There has never
been any adjustment of the matter between them,
and there is now an entire variance in the testimony
of the two men as to what the transaction between
them was; but the committee aro unanimous in
finding; tho faots above stated. Tho evidence re-
ported to the House gives some subsemient conver-
sations and negotiations between Mr. Kelley and
Mr. Ames on this subject. The committee do not
deem it material to refer to it in their report."
There, Mr. Speaker, the committee find that
Mr. Kelley received in June, 1868, $820; in
September, 18G8, $750; making $1,079 in
cash. For what? Had he ever invested a
dollar ? He had never paid a dollar ; but out
of only two dividends he had become the
owner of ten shares of Credit Mobilier stock
worth two or three thousand dollars, and had
received a check of $820, which he put in
his pocket and went to the Sergeant-at-Arma
afterward, and upon it drew the money, and,
impatient for further dividends, and although
they had amounted to more than one hundred
per cent, from January to June, he received
from Mr. Amks in September following the
further sum in cash of $760 dollars, which the
committee finds " was understood between
them to be an advance on dividends."
Thus, without the payment of a single penny,
Mr. Kelley had received from Mr. Ames, out
of Credit Mobilier dividends, in about six
months, $1,078 in cash, and had become the
owner of stock worth from two to three thou-
sand dollars. When it is remembered that
these enormous dividends were paid—part out
of the money and proceeds of lands given by
the Government to the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company, and that Mr. Kelley had been
a member of Congress when the acts were
passed granting to this company these sub-
sidies, this House and the country will need
no aid from me to enable them to form a cor-
rect judgment of his conduct.
Now, while I agree with the committee in
their finding of the facts, I do not agree with
them in all the inferences they seem to draw
from those facts. After finding that Mr. Kel-
ley had never paid a dollar, but had been the
receiver of $1,079 from Mr. Ames in the shape
of dividends and advances, they say, page 8:
" The committee, therefore, do not find, as to the
members of the present House abovo named, that
they were aware of the object of Mr. Ames, or that
thoy had any other purpose in taking this stock
than to mako a profitable investment. It is appar-
ent that those who advanced their money to pay for
•their stock present more the appearanco of ordinary
investors than those who did not: but the committee
do not feel at liberty to find any corrupt purpose or
knowledge founded upon tho fact of non-payment
alone."
Sir, tell me what kind of an investment that
is in which you place no money. Is it buying
a house, when you pay nothing for it? "Or i3
it buying bank stock when, instead of paying
money for it, money comes to you? And yet
the committee attempt to draw the inference,
