1442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
and it had better go over. There are a great
number of this sort of claims for the construc-
tion of vesSels, and they will have to be con-
sidered carefully.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be passed over.
two per cent. fund.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 836) declaring the true construction
of a statute, reported adversely from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Let that bill be
passed over.
Mr. THURMAN. _ That is a Senate bill,
similar to the one which I moved to take up a
short time since, and I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill,
or if necessary, I move to postpone the Cal-
endar for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves to postpone the Calendar
for the purpose of considering the bill the
title of which has just been read. _ This is not
the Honse bill; it is the Senate bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It i -just as good for this
purpose.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well; I want to
take up this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was not agreed to.
anson at wood.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 840) for the relief of Anson Atwood;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to renew and extend the
letters-patent of Anson Atwood for improve-
ment in cast-iron car-wheels, which letters-
patent were renewed on the 27th of April,
1861, for the term of seven years from the
15th of May, 1872, to the 15th of May, 1879;
and the Commissioner of Patents is directed
to make a certificate of such renewal and
extension on the letters-patent for that term,
which certificate, with this act, is to be entered
on record in the Patent Office.
The Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office reported the bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in line four to strike
out the word "renewed" and to insert the
word "extended."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines seven,
eight, and nine to strike out the words "15th
day of May, 1872, to the 15th day of May,
1879," and to insert the words "passage of
this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not understand what
this patent referred to. I should like to know.
The Chief Clerk. An improvement in cast-
iron car-wheels.
The next amendment of the committee was
to add at the end of the bill the following
proviso:
Provided, That any person who has commenced
the manufacture or use of said improvement since
the expiration of said extended patent shall not be
affected by the passage of this act.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I move to
amend the amendment by adding the follow-
ing.
And no person shall be liable for an infringement
ol said patents between the expiration of the same
ana the passage of this act.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
.amended; and the amendments were concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
change of reference. ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask to have the order
referring the bill (H. R. No. 3725) for the re-
lief of the heirs and legal representatives of
Leonidas Haskell, deceased, to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, rescinded, and that the
bill be referred to the Committee on Claims. I
do not know how it happened to be sent to the
Committee on the Judiciary. It is purely an
ordinary claim for some stores furnished to the
Army. It ought to go to the Committee on
Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That change of
reference will be made.
jambs m'alfee.
The bill (H. R. No. 2552) granting a pen-
sion to James McAlfee, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Interior to place on
the pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
James McAlfee, late a private in company E
fifth regiment Michigan volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
george w. swartz
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2518) granting apension to George
W. Swartz; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The Secretary of the
Interior is directed by the bill to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
George W. Swartz, late a private in company
I one hundred and fifty-sixth Ohio national
guards, at the rate of eight dollars per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
political disabilities.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1539) to remove the political disabil-
ities of James D. Halybnrton, of Virginia, and
Thomas G. Williams, of San Antonio, in the
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should like
that bill to be informally passed over. The
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] will
be in the Chamber in a moment. I think he
wishes to say something upon it.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I hope the
Senator will not object to the bill.
Mr. FRELINGH UYSEN. I do not object.
I ask that it be informally passed over until
the Senator from Vermont returns. I think he
wishes to say something about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
could enter a motion to reconsider.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. We can come
back to it again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey desires this bill to be passed
over until the Senator from Vermont returns,
and if there be no objection it will be so
ordered.
bridge at st. louis.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1302) authorizing the construction of
a bridge across the Mississippi river at St.
Louis, in the State of Missouri.
Mr. SCHURZ. My colleague desired to
discuss that bill, and I think it had better go
over informally, as he is not here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
political disabilities.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3612) to relieve from disabilities
W. R. Boggs, of Missouri.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Let that be
passed over informally for the same reason as
in the other case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
psssed over informally.
deborah witham.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2527) granting a pension to De-
borah Witham-, which was considered'as in
Committee of the Whole. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of tbe pension laws, the name of Deborah
Witham, mother of Alvah C. Witham, late
a private in company K thirty-second regi-
ment Maine volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
courts in nebraska.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1497) fixing the time of holding the
fall term of the United States district court
for the district of Nebraska, and fixing the
salary of the judge thereof; which was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. The
bill provides that the fall term of the United
States district court for the districtof Nebraska
shall hereafter be held at Omaha upon the first
Wednesday after the second Tuesday in the
month of October of each year, and that the
judge of the district court shall hereafter be
paid a salary of $4,500 per annum.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out the
words " and the judge of said' district court
shall hereafter be paid a salary of $4,500 per
annum."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Its title was amended by striking out the
words "and fixing the salary of the judge
thereof."
political disabilities.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I now move
to take up Senate bill No. 1539, which was
passed over informally a few moments ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There were two
disability bills passed over informally on
account of the absence of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] at the suggestion
of the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Fke-
linghuysen.] If there be no objection, they
will now be considered.
The bill (S. No. 1539) to remove the polit-
ical disabilities of James D. Halyburton, of
Virginia, and Thomas G. Williams, of San
Antonio, in the State of TWas, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
bill by inserting' the word " political " before
the word " disabilities ; " so as to exclude any
conclusion about rights of private property.
That makes the bill conform to what the Con-
stitution intended it should be.
Mr. BOREMAN. I think that is so now.
It is here on the Calendar, " A bill to remove
the political disabilities," &c.
Mr. EDMUNDS. As the Secretary read
the bill, that word was not in it.
The Chief Clerk. The bill reads "that all
disabilities."
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The title of the
bill contains the words '' political disabilities.''
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want the body of the
bill to have that word " political" in it.
Mr. BOREMAN. That is right. I have
no objection to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed, two-thirds voting in
favor thereof.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The other dis-
ability bill which was passed over will now be
taken up, if there be no objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
3,612) to relieve from disabilities W. R. Bog™,
of Missouri.,
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, road
the third time, and passed ; two thirds voting
in favor thereof.
