1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1448
jubith dunham.
The next bill on tbe Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2522) granting a pension to Judith
Dunham ; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of
the pension laws, the name of Judith Dun-
ham, widow of George L. Dunham, late a
private in the seventh regiment of Massachu-
setts volunteers, and afterward transferred to
the United States gunboat Cincinnati, at tbe
rate of eight dollars per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
john davis.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2431) granting a pension to John
Davis, corporal of the night-watch on board
the United States ship Octorara; which was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of the Interior is directed by
the bill to place on the pension-roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of John Davis, a corporal of
the night-watch on board the United States
ship Octorara, and pay him at the rate'of fifteen
dollars per month, to commence from the 12th
of October, 1865.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment to strike out the
words 1112th day of October, 1865/' and to
insert "from the passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be*
engrossed, and the bill read the third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
john greenwalt.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2521) granting a pension to John
Greenwalt; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of
the pension laws, the name of John Green-
wait, late a private in company F twelfth regi-
ment of Illinois volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
henry rikmann.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2523) granting a pension to Henry
Riemann ; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Interior to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the Dame of
Henry Riemann, late a private in the twelfth
regiment of Maine volunteers, to take effect
from the 4th of March, 1869.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment to strike out the
words "4th day of March, 1869," and to in-
sert u passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed, and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
thomas lunney.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2520) granting a pension to Thomas
Lunney; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The Secretary of the
Interior is directed by the bill to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, tbe name of
Thomas Lunney, late a private in company G
one hundred and twenty-eighth Indiana volun-
teers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
estimates and appropriations.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 178) in relation to estimates of
appropriation and appropriation accounts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported by the Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Sawyer] from the Committee on Appro-
priations with amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sorry that the Sen-
ator from South Carolina is not here.
Mr. COLE. He wiil be here in a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That bill, if it is the one
considered by the committee last year, is a
very valuable bill indeed and we gave it a
great deal of consideration, and I do not think
there will be the least objection to it. It is of
great importance to have it passed, if it is like
the one we reported before.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from South Caro
lina will be here in a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported in full, subject to objection.
Mr. COLE. This bill has been considerably
amended. It is a very important bill ; and,
without asking that it be read through, as it
will have to be read pretty much entirely
through again with the amendments reported
by the Committee on Appropriations, I move
the amended copy of the bill as a substitute
for the House bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. From the com-
mittee?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir ; and I ask that that
only be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Appropriations propose a substitute for the
bill, and if there be no objection the substitute
will he reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the bill, and in lieu of the matter stricken
out to insert:
That all estimates for appropriations for any
branch of the Government shall be submitted to
Congress through the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sec. 2. That the said Secretary shall cause to be
prepared blank forms for estimates, so arranged as
to exhibit in a uniform, simple, and comprehensive
manner the general object for which the appropria-
tion is asked, tbe specific objects of expenditure in
detail, the total amount required under each gen-
eral head, the date of act or resolution authorizing,
or of the treaty stipulating for, the expenditure,
with references to the volume, page, and section
or article of the statutes where the same may be
found, and the amount appropriated for the preced-
ing year: Provided, That where an item of expend-
iture is only authorized by reason of an appropria-
tion having been previously made therefor, in lieu
of the date thereof the word "appropriated" shall
be inserted.
Sec. 3. That the said Secretary shall furnish, by
the 1st of September in each year, copies of such
blank forms for estimates to the various Depart-
ments, offices, or bureaus authorized or required to
make estimates for appropriations, accompanying
the same with such instructions as to the manner in
which they should be made as he may deem proper;
and the said blanks shall be filled up in accordance
with such instructions, and returned to him by the
1st day of October following, and may be accom-
panied by such statements, exhibits, or other in-
formation, in addition to that required by this act,
as may be deemed useful to the proper understand-
ing of the same.
Sec. 4. That on the return of said estimates the
Secretary shall have them classified, arranged, and
published in quarto form; and there shall be printed
and bound, in addition to the usual number for
the use of Congress, not more than five hundred
copies for the use of the Executive Departments,
to be distributed by said Secretary- And the copies
for the use of Congress shall be delivered to the
Clerk of the House of Representatives in time for
distribution at the commencement of each session.
Sec. 5. That whenever an estimate shall be sub-
mitted for any specific expenditure for a light-
house, custom-house, post office, fort, river, harbor,
or other public work or improvement, every such
estimate shall be accompanied by a. detailed esti-
mate of the whole cost of the work \ and all subse-
quent estimates for any such work shall show the
originally estimated cost, the whole amount pre-
viously appropriated, and the amount expended.
And where a subsequent estimate shall ask tor an
appropriation beyond the originally estimated cost,
the reason for the excess and theanticipated amount
thereof shall be fully stated.
Sue. 6. That whenever the estimates for salaries,
contingent, or current and ordinary expenses,
exceed the amounts appropriated for the preceding
fiscal year, either in the details or the aggregate,
they shall be accompanied by coneise notes pointing
out and explaining the differences.
Sec. 7. That estimates for contingent, incidental,
or miscellaneous expenses shall in no case include
salaries or compensation of any kind whatever;
but where the number of permanent employes spe-
cifically authorized by law shall prove inadequate,
such additional number as may be required shall be
estimated for in the general estimate for salaries in
the Department or office requiring the additional
number, and all such estimates shall be indicated by
inserting the word " submitted" in lieu of the date
of the authorizing act hereinbefore required to be
given.
Sec. 8. That all estimates for increase of salaries
shall be indicated in the manner prescribed in the
preceding section for additional employes, whether
the increase is over the amount authorized by law
or the amount fixed in the last appropriation act;
and every such estimate shall be accompanied by a
brief statement of the reasons of said increase.
Sec. 9. That the Secretary shall include in said
estimates a statement of all permanent appropria-
tions, both specific and indefinite, made by acts
passed at any former session of Congress and remain-
ing in force, with a proper reference to the volume
of the statutes containing the same; and if it is be-
lieved any expenditures will be made under the
same during the year for which the estimates are
intended, there snail be given the same details, in-
formation, and references as are required in the case
of other estimates.
Sec. 10. That the said Secretary shall add to the
estimates a classified statement, showing the ex-
penditures by appropriations for the four preceding
fiscal years. He snail also add a classified statement,
showing the unexpended balance of each appro-
priation at the commencement of the fiscal year in
which the estimates are made, the amounts appro-
priated for that year, the repayments in excess of
expenditures during the first quarter, the gross
amounts available for expenditure, the amounts
expended during the first quarter, the estimated
amounts required for the remaining three quarters,
and the amounts which may be carried into thQ gen-
eral Treasury.
Sec. 11. That the Secretary shall designate the
title by which all appropriations shall be known;
and such title, so designated, shall be tbe title un-
der which estimates and expenditures shall there-
after be made. All specific appropriations for any
building, fort, light-house, or other public work or
improvement, whether for the original construc-
tion or for alterations, improvements, repairs, or
grounds, shall be estimated forand expended under
a general head applicable to the whole work; and
there shall be but one appropriation account kept
for each general object or particular building, fort,
light-house, or other public work or improvement;
and for the information of those concerned, the
Secretary may cause to be compiled and printed
the appropriations made by law, in such form as he
may deem best.
Sec. 12. That in case any appropriation shall be
made by Congress without having been submitted in
the estimates of the said Secretary, no money.shall
be drawn from the Treasury thereon until a cert ified
copy of the act making the appropriation shall have
been sent to him, and he shall have indorsed thereon
the title by which the said appropriation shall be
known; and all titles of appropriations shall convey
a clear and concise idea of the general object for
which the appropriations are made, and any further
estimates for the same general object shall be sub-
mitted and the appropriations expended under the
title thus establiseed.
Sec. 13. That whenever Congress shall pass any
relief act or resolution, payment under which is
directed to be made out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, payment shall be made
out of general indefinite appropriations upon the
books relating to the accounts of the Department
properly chargeable with the expenditure for "pay-
ments under relief actsand a detailed statement
of the payments under these accounts for the pre-
ceding fiscal year, with references to the acts and
resolutions, by date, volume, page, and chapter or
number, shall be published in the estimates.
Sec. 14. That all acts of Congress directing the
head of any Department or any commission or
board to examine and settle, or pay, any account
or claim against the United States, shall be con~
strued to require the same to be done through the
proper accounting officers, the same in all respects
as if the said accounting officers were mentioned in
the act, and payment shall be made in such man-
ner as to charge the amount against the Depart-
ment, and out of the revenues properly chargeable
with the expenditure.
Sec. 15. That all judgments of the Court of
Claims shall be paid from the regular appropria-
tion for the payment of judgments, of said court,
through the proper accounting officers, in such man-
ner as to charge the amount against the Depart-
ment properly chargeable with the expenditure.
Sec. 16. That where statements, exhibits, explan-
ations, or other information accompanying esti-
mates are more elaborate than would be convenient
for insertion in their proper place in the body of the
work, they may be revised, condensed, printed in
the appendix with proper references thereto, or
transmitted to Congress m manuscript, as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may deem best. And where,
in the opinion of the Secretary, an estimate is not
sufficiently explicit, or does not comply with law or
the regulations thereunder, he may return the same
for such corrections or alterations as may be neces-
sary.
