1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
42p Cong 3d
French Spoliation Claims—Mr. Kerr.
Ho. of Reps.
Why deny the ownership of the stock ? Why
deny the receipt of these dividends, unless
there was guilty knowledge ? What motive on
earth could my colleague have to deny the
Ownership of honestly acquired property? If
you own bank stock, and your money has been
paid for it, why deny it, and deny it under
oath?
Mr. Speaker, you know very well that if my
coat was stolen and it was found in your pos-
session—or I will reverse the illustration, and
say that if your coat was stolen and it was
found in my possession, and when arrested with
it on my back and asked where I got it I
should prevaricate, and say I found it here or
got it there, or refuse to account for my pos-
session of it, you know what is the presump-
tion of the law and of common sense. It is
that I got it unlawfully, or that I got it from
some person who had got it unlawfully. In
other words, that I was ashamed or afraid to
say how, or where, or from whom I had got it.
Why, then, when the managers of the Union
Pacific railroad, which had been richly en-
dowed by the action of Congress, were rob-
bing the Government through the Credit
Mobilier corporation, and when that plunder
and spoil were being divided among the Rep-
resentatives of the people whose duty it was
to protect their interests, why should any one
of them when charged with sharing the spoil
seem to attempt for a moment to withhold the
whole truth? Would not his interest", and his
honor, his name, and the name and the honor
of his family and friends alike, induce him to
state the truth, if the truth would help him?_
But what further have we here ? This evi-
dence presents another fact, which is that not
only did Mr. Kelley prevaricate before this
committee, not only did he attempt to conceal
the truth, but he virtually attempted to get
Mr. Ames to conceal it under oath. He feared
that his own concealment would not be suffi-
cient, and if Mr. Ames is to be believed, Mr.
Kelley attempted to get him to swear to what
was not true.
Do I state it too strongly? Blot out my
words, then, and take the words of Oakes
Ames. I quote his sworn testimony, page
36°:
"Answer. Mr. Kelley spoke to me about this
matter and said he called it a loan; he said he had
stated it was a loan, and then wanted to pay me
the amount. Itold him that! did not so consider
if that I* had let him have $750 on account of the
dividends that I held. He wanted to call it a loan
and wanted to repay me."
Almost five years after he had received the
money, when this investigating committee was
hard after him 1
"He said he would give me a check on his bank and
wanted to know when he should date it. 4-te'd aim
I did not know that it would make any diflerence,
and he gave me a check for $1,000. That was_ beioro
any testimony had been given, but after the invest-
igation was ordered. I tore the check in two ana
handed it back to him and called it a payment,
Mr. Kelley had got from Mr. Ames $1,079,
which, with interest, would have amounted to
over $1,300. Hence, if it was a loan, why
not pay all, if any ?
What a scene that must have been—the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] and his honorable friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Ames] concocting in the dark
hour of the night a story to cover up a trans-
action of which they were both ashamed!
I say, then, I can come to no other con-
clusion upon'this testimony than that the finA-
ings of fact by the committee are justified,
amply, overwhelmingly justified, by the evi-
dence. For belief is not a matter of choice ;
we must believe upon evidence, and some-
times the most unpleasant convictions are
forced upon the conscience. So here I take
no pleasure in stating my conviction formed
upon this testimony; but there are the facts
spread before this House and the country, and
there is not water enough in the Potomac to
wash away this record which Mr. Kelley and
Mr. Ames have made for themselves.
No charges of persecution can be brought
against the honorable committee or against
this House. These men, if condemned, are
self-condemned; they are their own accusers;
and upon the record which they have made
for themselves in this case they are now being
tried by this House in the presence of the
country, and by that record the case will be
determined.
Mr. Speaker, we have been told that the mob
are crying, "Crucify him! " " Crucify him! "
No, sir, it is not the mob, and that is not the
cry. It is the people who make the cry, and
the cry is, " Punish the men who have been
robbing the Government, and punish the men
who have been sharing the spoil." To that
cry this House of the people should respond,
"Amen!"
The American people demand no victim;
they are just and brave and generous; but
having been plundered for long years by these
corporations of immense power and wealth,
they are trying now, Samson-like, to burst the
bands that have bound them. They are at-
tempting to reassert their mastery over their
servants and to teach their Representatives
that they have other duties to perform than to
aid by their influence and legislation here
schemes of personal profit.
Mr. Speaker, 1 am satisfied upon this evi-
dence of the truth of the finding of the
committee ; and being thus satisfied I should
be false to myself, to the people who have
sent me here, and to my duty at, this hour, if I
faltered for one moment. I believe Mr. Kelley
is guilty as the committee find him, of receiv-
ing these enormous dividends of the Credit
Mobilier without consideration ; and I further
believe he had every reason to know they
were corruptly declared and were paid to him
with the expectation of securing his friendly
interest as a member of Congress in any meas-
ures that related to that fraudulentcorporation,
Thus believing, I recognize the jurisdiction
of the House over the offender and I regard
the offense as deserving its unqualified cen-
sure. The American Congress should be the
political sanctuary of the people; and those
who compose it, in fidelity to their high trust,
should oppose and denounce all schemes of
plunder. Popular liberty is here on trial, and
the great question of the hour is, shall the
people rule this land or shall they surrender
it to the greed and corruption of mammoth
corporations?
But it is said that these gentlemen impli-
cated in the Credit Mobilier swindle have
heretofore borne good characters. I admit
that in a case of doubt good character is a
fact to be considered by the triers. But tell
me what is character worth against clearly-
proved guilt? If a man confesses himself
that he has committed a crime, does the fact
that he has previously borne_ a good name
prove that he did not commit it ? When the
check is produced bytheSergeant-at-Armsfor
$329, and Mr. Ames swears he gave that
identical check to Mr. Kklley for Credit
Mobilier dividends and that he drew the
money thereon, does my colleague's saying,
" for many years I have been an honored
Representative of the people of Pennsylvania
on this floor," show that he did not take the
money?
In some cases good character may be
allowed to create a doubt; but in this case,
if the check drawn to " W. D. K." or bearer
and paid by the Sergeant-at-Arms on the 24th
of .Tune, 1868, was not for Credit Mobelier
dividends, as Ames swears it was, should not
Mr. Kelley state what it was for, or at least
give some explanation of it? With his failure
to do either, what is the use of talking about
doubt? And how ungrateful it is for the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, now in the hour of
his old friend's trial, to seek escape for him-
self in the ruin and dishonor of Oakes Ames 1
a man who, whatever else may be said of him
in connection with this investigation, has shown
the most singular persistence in trying to shield
all the members of Congress involved with
him ; this man who was so good and so kind
as to loan Mr. Kelley (as he alleges) $1,000
without note or security nearly five years ago,
and who has never even inquired about either
principal or interest during all that time!
How ungrateful now to turn and seek the vin-
dication of his own character by destroying
that of his friend !
It has been said "that he who deserts a
friend deserves a foe," and if Mr. Ames was
worthy to be the'companion and the financial
adviser of Mr. Kelley for years, it surely is
not becoming in my colleague now, when the
storm of public wrath is gathering, to seek
shelter for himself by ingratitude to his old
friend I
This investigation has engaged the earnest
attention of the country; not from any thirst
for vengeance, but because it has involved the
honor of the nation, as well as the honor of
those who have heretofore stood high in its
love. The record of this day will pass into
history, but it will prove fruitless of practical
good if it do not become to all_ those in place
and power a lesson and a warning.
french Spoliation Claims.
SPEECH OF HON. M. C. KERR,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatives,
March 3, 1873,
On the adjustment arid satisfaction of claims of
American citizens for spoliations oommitted by
the Frenoh prior to the 31st of July, 1801.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, on this subject
no man may reasonably hope at this day to say
much that is novel or original. Present duty
only demands from each of us a conscientious
examination of the record and of the princi-
ples of law involved in it, and a candid state-
ment of our conclusions. I have to the best
of my ability, and at the cost of much time and
labor, performed the first two, and I come now
to discharge the last of these duties. ^ I am
wholly unconscious of any bias or prejudice,
and I have cherished no ambition in the prem-
ises, save only that I might be able to reach
conclusions judicially correct, fair, and just, I
will state them with such particularity as the
nature of the subject seems to me to demand.
nature of tilk claims, amounts, kvidbnc®.
These claims in many of their elements are
very remarkable. They are ancient but not
venerable. They Have maintained a flicker-
ing vitality through threequarters of a century.
History and analysis will show that they rest
in chief part on legal cobwebs and bold as-
sumptions. They are alleged to arise out of
11 illegal captures, detentions, seizures, con-
demnations, and confiscations," by citizens
or authorities of Prance against citizens of
the United States, prior to July 31, 1801, the
date of the final ratification of the treaty of
September 80, 1800, between these nations.
They lead memory back to the bloody ana
brilliant conflicts which involved Europe in
general war during the closing years of the
last century. They arose chiefly within the
first decade of our constitutional history. We
never agreed to pay them. Our alleged obli-
gation to pay them rests upon a circuitous
process of reasouing and assumption. Our
alleged liability to pay them establishes our
right to scrutinize them without reserve or
restraint.
