1444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Sec. 17. That whenever, in the settlement of the
account of any disbursing officer, clerk, or agent, it
is found that he has drawn money from one appro
priation and disbursed it on account of expenses
properly chargeable to another, the accounting
officers shall credit and charge the amount in the
account of said officer, clerk, or agent under the
correct appropriations, and transfer the same to a
general account with the proper Department, to be
known as the "transfer account," which latter ac-
count shall be closed monthly by warrant and
counter warrant, so far as the same can be done
under existing and available appropriations. Said
transfer, when practicable, shall include all vouchers
presented, whether they are allowed or suspended,
and shall be made in such manner as to debit the
officer, clerk, or agent under the appropriations out
of which the vouchers, when perfected, may be
allowed. A statement of the unclosed balances in
said transfer accqunts, at the close of each fiscal
year, shall be printed in the estimates.
Sec. 18. That nothing in the preceding section
shall be constructed to authorize any transfer-of
appropriations, or the advance of money from one
general object of appropriation for disbursement on
account of oxpenses properly chargeable to another;
and all such transfers and advances are hereby pro-
hibited; Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy
may make advances to paymasters on foreign sta-
tions, or on a cruise, from the appropriation for
" pay of the Navy," to be used for general disburse-
ments on accountof expenses; butin every such case
the paymaster shall make monthly returns of his dis-
bursements, out of the money thus advanced, to the
Fourth Auditor, in such form as said Auditor shall
prescribe, showing the proper appropriations to
which the same should he charged : and upon such
returns the Auditor shall make the transfer herein-
before required.
Sec. 19. That it shall be the duty of the Treasurer
of the United States, whenever he shall forward or
deliver any draft or warrant in favor of any dis-
bursing officer, clerk, or agent who is to be charged
and held accountable for the money authorized to be
drawn thereby, to send with said draft or warrant,
or to the officer, clerk, or agent who is to be charged
and held accountable for the money, a printed or
written letter setting forth the appropriations from
which the money is advanced and the amount from
each. Said letter shall also contain the last preced-
ing and this section of this act; and any person vio-
lating any of the provisions of these two sections
shall be liable to a penalty of not more than one
hundred dollars for each and every offense.
Skc. 20, That for the purpose of settling the ac-
counts of the Treasurer of trie United States, there
shall be an appropriation account on the proper
books of the Treasury Department to be known as
the "unavailable balances" account, from and to
which all unavailable balances, except of lapsed
appropriations, bhall be transferred by warrant,
based upon tho proper settlement of the First
Auditor, confirmed by the First Comptroller. And
all such transfers heretofore made, other than by
warrant, including tho amounts deposited with the
States, shall be examined, stated, and transferred as
herein directed. But all such transfers shall be
made in huch a manner as to debit tho person or
State properly chargeable therewith upon the per-
sonal account books of the Department.
Sec. 21. That when money standing to the credit
of a disbursing officer, clerk, or agent shall be
repaid into the Treasury as " outstanding liabili-
ties," under the provisions of the act of May 2,1866,
it shall be covered and credited upon the books ol
the office in which the officer, clerk, or agent was
charged when the advance was made to him; and
the Register of the Treasury shall furnish to the
Second, Third, Fourth, and Sixth Auditors a tran-
script of all amounts heretofore covered into the
Treasury as repayments of amounts standing to the
credit of disbursing officers, clerks, or agents, TYho
are charged on their books respectively ; and here-
after each of said Audi tors shall keep an "outstand-
ing liabilities" account for the repayments herein
referred to, on the books of their respective offices,
in the manner prescribed in said act.
Skc, 22. That m order to enable the Secretary of
the Treasury to keep an accurate account of the
several loans of tho United States, there may be
kept on the books of the Department an appropria-
tion account, to be known as the "premiumand dis-
count account." which shall be charged with the
discount and credited with tho premium hereafter
accruing on loans in conformity to law; and all
loans which have heretofore been sold at a pre-
mium or discount may be credited or charged as
the case may require, with the amount thereof, and
the amount thus credited or charged shall be carried
to the account herein authorized: Provided, That
the said Secretary may direct a separate account to
foe kept, both of the premium and discount on each
loan, if, m his judgment, it is desirable so to do.
tekc. a5. Ihat whenever Congress shall authorize
the issue of bonds, or other evidences of debt in
satisfaction of any claim against the United States,
or for which no money shall be received, it shall be
the duty of the proper accounting officers oi the
Xreasury to cause an account therefor to be settled
m the usual manner, and the amount found due to
be paid to tne Treasurer of Die United States, to be
by him deposited in the general Treasury as a sub-
scription on account of said bond or other evidences
of debt. And all cases of this character which have
heretofore occurred may be examined and settled in
such manner as to enable an exact statement of the
public debt of the United States to be made from
the warrant account of receipts and expenditures;
and the monthly publication of the statement of the
public debt of the United States shall be continued
in such numbers as the Secretary of the Treasury
may deem advisable. ,
Sec. 24. That in all cases where money has been
or shall hereafter be erroneously covered into the
Treasury of the United States, the Secretary of the
Treasury shall have authority, by warrant and de-
posit, to correct said erroneous entry, charging the
amount to a general appropriation account, to be
known as "transfer of moneys erroneously cov-
ered." But nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to authorize the payment from the Treasury
of any moneys thus erroneously covered without
subsequent specific authority of law.
Sec. 25. That all proceeds of sales of old material,
condemned stores, supplies, or other public property
of any kind, after deducting the necessary expenses
of sale, shall bo deposited and covered into the
Treasury as miscellaneous revenues derived from the
"proceeds of Government property," and shall not
be withdrawn or applied except in consequence of a
subsequent appropriation made by law; and a de-
tailed statement of all such proceeds of sales shall
be included in the estimates. But this section shall
not be held to repeal the existing authority of law
in relation to marine hospitals, revenue-cutters.
Navy pension fund, prize money, or the clothing
fund of the Navy, nor to prohibit the return to the
proper appropriation of the proceeds of authorized
sales of material, stores, or supplies to officers and
men of the Army and Navy, to exploring and sur-
veying expeditions, to destitute emigrants, or to the
Indian service. And it shall be the duty of the
Register of the Treasury to furnish to the proper
accounting officers copies of all warrants covering
such proceeds, where the same may be necessary ifi
the settl ement of accounts in their respective offices.
Sec. 26. That nothing in the preceding section
shall be construed to authorize the retention and
reuse of moneys derived from sales of public prop-
erty of any kind whatever by disbursing officers or
others, but all such moneys shall be immediately de-
posited to the credit of the Treasurer of the United
States, on the proper account, without other abate-
ment than the necessary expenses of sale: Provided,
That in cases where officers in charge of public prop-
erty are stationed at such remote distances from a
legal depository for public moneys as to render the
expense of depositing the proceeds of sales unusually
large, the Secretary of the Treasury may, on the re-
quest of the head of the proper Department, and by
a special order, authorize said officer to retain and
reuse such proceeds of sales, but all such special
orders shall continue in force only to the close of the
fiscal year in which they are issued. And all officers
thus authorized shall render to the proper Auditor,
at the close of each quarter, astatement of all moneys
thus received and retained, upon which statement
he shall be charged and held accountable under
such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury
may approve.
Sec. 27. That the Secretary of the Treasury shall,
in June of each year, transmit to the head of each
Departmenta statement of the balances of appro-
priations for the service of his Department, which
shall appear by the books of the Register of the
Treasury to be unexpended at the close of business
on the last day of May.
Sec. 28. That on receipt of said statement the head
of the Department to whom it is sent shall cause to
be certified thereon how much of each unexpended
balance will be required to meetroutstandiug liabili-
ties properly chargeable thereto, and how much
tnereof may be carried into the general Treasury;
and said statement, thus certified, shall be returned
to the Secretary of the Treasury within fifteen days
after its receipt.
Sec. 29. That upon the return of said statements
the Secretary of the Treasury shall issue his war-
rants thereon, directing all amounts which it appears
from them " may be carried into the general Treas-
ury" to be charged to the proper appropriations,
and credited to the general account of appropria-
tions as surplus funds; and all amounts thus dis-
posed of shall remain in the Treasury like other
unappropriated money, and shall not be transferred,
withdrawn, applied, or used, except in consequence
of subsequent specific authority ot law.
Sec. 30. That all balances of appropriations which
shall have remained on the books of the Treasury
without being drawn against in the settlement of
accounts for two years from the date of the last
appropriation made by law shall be reported bv the
Secretary of the Treasury, on the 1st day of June
in each year, to the accounting officers whose duty
it is to settle accounts th ereunder, and said, account-
ing officers shall examine the records of their respect-
ive offices, and certify to the Secretary whethersaid
balances, or any part of either of them, will be re-
quired in the settlement of pending accounts. If it
shall appear that such balances, or any part of
either of them, will not be required for this pur-
pose, the said Secretary may include in his warrants
the amounts not so required, whether the head of
the proper Department shall have certified that it
'may be carried into the general Treasury" or not.
But no appropriation for the payment of the interest
or principal of the public debt, or to which Congress
may have given a longer duration by law, shall be
thus treated. A statement of the amounts carried
into the Treasury as surplus funds during the pre-
ceding fiscal year shall be included in the estimates.
Sec. 31. That it shall not be lawful for any
Department of the Government to expend for the
service of any one fiscal year any sum in excess of
appropriation's made by Congress for that year, or
to involve the Government in any contract for the
future payment of money in excess of such appro-
priations. And it shall be the duty of the several
officers of the Government having executive control
of appropriations to provide for such supervision of
the appropriations under their direction as shall
secure the proper observance of the provisions of
this section; and any person violating its provisions,
or the regulations thereunder, shall be liable to a
penalty of not more than $100 for each and every
offense. , .
Sfc. 32. That all annual salaries, compensation,
pay, or commutation, to persons in the service of
the United States, shall be computed and paid on
the following basis; when payable quarterly, one
fourth of the annual sum; when payable monthly,
one twelfth of the annual sum, and when payment is
to be made for a less period than one month, it shall
be as nearly as practicable on the basis of a per
diem condensation at the rate of a three hundred
and sixty-fifth of the annual sum: Provided, That
no variation in these rules shall be made on account
of leap-year: And provided further. That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may direct that any quarterly
salary be made payable monthly. And the said
Secretary shall cause to be prepared and printed
tables upon the foregoing basis, including per diem
pay at various rates, which when published shall bo
the rule in all branches of the Government for tho
payment of per diem, monthly, quarterly, and
annual salaries, compensation, pay, or commuta-
tion.
Sec. 33. That whenever application shall be made
to any Department of the Government for copies of
papers, documents, or records, on fil'e therein, by
any person other than U Government officer, agent,
or employ^, requiring the same for official use, said
copies shall be furnished on payment of the follow-
ing fees: written copies, twenty-five cents per
hundred words; printed blanks, filled up, fifteen
cents per pagephotographic copies, the estimated
cost of making them; certificates under seal, fifty
cents each, And original paperrf shall only be re-
moved from the files of one Department for use in
some other Department, or by United States officers
before the courts; and in the latter case photo-
graphic copies, where it is practicable, and certified
copies where it is not, shall be placed in the files in
lieu and until the return of said originals; but
copies or originals of any kind shall only be furnished
when, in the opinion of the head of the Department,
it is consistent with the public interest so to do; and
the heads of the several Departments may make
such rules as they shall think necessary, not incon-
sistent herewith, under which saidcopies and origin-
als will be furnished. And all moneys received
from this source shall be covered into the Treasury
as a miscellaneous revenue received from "copies
of papers and records."
Sec, 34. That, except where otherwise provided,
the Secretary of the Treasury may make all needful
regulations for aarryingthis act into effect; and all
such regulations not inconsistent with the provis-
ions hereof, when approved and promulgated by tho
said Secretary, shall have the force and effect uf
law.
Sec. 35. That thi«« act shall be in effect from and
after June 30, 1873, and may be referred to and
quoted as the " estimates act of 1873."
Sec. 36. That the following acts, and parts of acts
and resolutions, and parts of resolutions, are hereby
repealed ; but anything to bo done to complete busi-
ness already commenced may be continued to com-
pletion under the statutes hereby repealed. And
the references to laws hereby repealed are to the
same as contained in the edition of the Statutes-
at-Large published by Little, Brown & Co., under
and by virtue of the resolution of March 3, 1845,
and the continuation thereof:
Act of March 3, 1795, chapter forty-five, volume
one, page 437, in part, namely, section sixteen.
Act of March 3,1809, chapter twenty-eight, volume
two, pago 535, in part, namely, the proviso in section
one in relation to transfers of appropriations.
Act of March 3,1817, chapter ninety-six, volume
three, page 390.
Act of May 1,1820, chapter fifty-two, volume three,
page 567, in part, namely, sections one, two, three,
tour, five, six, and eight.
Act of July 2,1836, chapter two hundred and sixty-
eight, volume five, page 78, in part, namely, section
two.
Act of April 6,1838, chapter fifty-four,volume five,
page 223, in part, namely, the proviso at the end of
section one.
Act of August 26,1842, chapter two hundred and
two, volume five, page 525, in part, namely, sections
fourteen and twenty-three.
Act of August 21,1842, chapter two hundred and
eighty-six, volume five, page 581, in part, namely,
section eleven.
Act of March 3.1843, chapter one hundred, volume
five, page 645, m part, namely, section two.
Act of June 17,1841, chapterone hundred and five,
volume five, page 693, in part, namely, section two.
Resolution of January 7,1816, number two. vol-
ume nine, page 108.
Act of March 3, 1847, chapter forty-eight, vmIuiih-
nine, page 171, in part, namely, the* paragraph on
page 171 m relation to moneys derived from t tic vi] ,• .> t'
naval stores and the transfer of the clotlnn" fund
and appropriation of the Navy.
Act of March 3,1849, ehaptcr one hundred itud
ten, volume nine, page 398, in part, namely, section
three.
;Actof August 31, 1852, chapter one hundred and
eight, volume ten, page 98, in part, namelv, aeeu >u
ten.
Act of August 31,1852, chai>tor one hundred ami
ten, volume ten, page 107, in part, namely, section
two.
Act of March 3, 1855, chapter one hundred and
