480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
for the inspector to offer pay to the agent for his
board, and yet the agent could present it in
his account and be allowed for the time of the
board if he chose. I have nothing further to
gay about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon to the ameudmentof the Senator from
Nevada.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada.
Mr. SCOTT. In order to meet any ques-
tion about abuse in the allowance of expenses,
I offer the following amendment to come in
after the word "travel" on the first page of
the amendment:
A statement of which expenses as to each in-
spector shall accompany the annual report of the
Secretary of the Interior.
I do not think there will be any objection to
that.
Mr. STEWART. That is a very proper
amendment, and I hope it will be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Nevada accepts that modification of
his amendment, and the question is oq the
amendment as modified.
Mr. BOREMAN. I think we had better
have the yeas and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to inquire whether
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Maine was accepted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was ac-
cepted, and the original amendment modified
accordingly.
Mr. SCOTT. I understand my amendment
was accepted also.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was, and
now stands as part of the amendment.
Mr. PRATf. I ask to have the amend-
ment reported as it now stands.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
There shall be appointed by the President, by
aud with the advice and consent of the Senate, a
sufficient number of Indian inspectors to perform
the duties herein required, not exceeding five in
number. Each inspector shall hold his office four
years unless sooner removed by the President, and
he shall receive an annual salary of $3,000 and his
necessary traveling expenses while in the discharge
of his duty, not exceeding ten cents a mile for actual
travel, a statement of which expenses as to each
inspector shall accompany the annual report of the
Secretary of the Interior. Each Indian superin-
tendency and agency shall be visited and exam-
ined as often as twice a year by one or more of the
inspectors. Such examination shall extend to a
full investigation of all matters pertaining to
the business of the superintendency or agency, in-
cluding an examination of accounts, the manner of
expending money, the number of Indians provided
for, contractsof all kinds connected with the busi-
ness, the condition of the Indians, their advance-
ment in civilization, the extent of the reservations
and what use is made of the lands set apart for that
purpose, and, generally, all matters pertaining to
the Indian service. For the purpose of making such
investigations such inspectors shall have power to
examine all books, papers, and vouchers, to admin-
ister oaths, and to examine on oath all officers and
persons employed in the superintendency or agency
under investigation and all such other persons as he
may deem necessary or proper. The inspectors or
any of them shall have power to suspend any super-
intendent or agent or employ*; and to appoint some
person in his place temporarily, suhject to the ap-
proval of the President, making immediate report
of Euch suspension and temporary appointment;
and upon the conclusion of each examination, a
report shall be forwarded to the President without
delay. The inspectors in the discharge of their
duties, jointly and individually, shall have power to
enforce the laws and prevent the violation of law
in the administration of affairs in the several agen-
cies and superintendences. So far as practicable,
the examination of the agencies and superintenden-
cies shall be made alternately by different inspect-
ors, so that the same agency or superintendency may
not be examined twice in succession by the same
inspector or inspectors.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Secretary to
read again so much of the amendment as
refers to the power of these officers to en-
force the laws and prevent violation of law, as
I wish to make some remarks upon that part
of it. _
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
The inspectors, in the discharge of their duties,
jointly and individually, shall have power to enforce
the laws and prevent the violation of law in the
administration of affairs in the several agencies and
superintendences.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am inclined to think
that so much of the amendment as the clerk
has just read ought to be stricken out. It is
too vague and too large in its terms. It is
impossible to say what the meaning of it is,
and still more impossible to say, if there be
degrees of impossibility, as to what the extent
of it is. How are they to enforce the law ? In
what way ?
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will allow me, I think perhaps that lan-
guage is a little vague, and I have no objection
to striking it out. It is in general terms, and
I do not think it necessary.
M[r. SHERMAN. I suggest that it be amended
by inserting the words " by judicial proceed-
ings." It seems to me it might be important
to give these commissioners the right to com-
mence prosecutions or suits. The great trouble
with Indian agents, so far as my infarmation
goes, is that there is no one to watch over
them or prosecute them for violation of the
law. I think, if it will remove the objection
of the Senator from California to authorize
them to enforce the law by judicial proceed-
ings, there can be no objection to that.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then the modifications
suggested by the Senator from Ohio will have
to.come in at the end of the sentence or
clause, so as to read "who shall have power
by judicial proceedings," or "shall have
power by instituting judicial proceedings."
That is what is meant.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask the
Senator from California has not the Senator
himself, and have not I and everybody else
that power now, without any provision of this
sort, to institute proceedings under the laws
of the United States in any case where we
think they ought to be instituted ?
Mr. CASSERLY. No; we have not the
power to prosecute an Indian agent for default
in office.
Mr. CONKLING. No, but we have the
power to inform and give notice to the district
attorney, and to do all that can be done under
this amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. It seems to me that what
is contemplated bv the language as submitted
by the Senator from Nevada is something
entirely different from that, and what is
desired by the Senator is something different
from that. Certainly what I desire is, if this
is to remain, that these officers shall be armed
with authority and invested with the duty to
take such judicial steps as may be necessary
to enforce the law and prevent violation of
the law. They are to be invested with some-
thing more than the power we all have as
citizens to institute proceedings in cases which
respect ourselves. Here is a public duty im-
posed on these men, and if they are to do any-
thing toward the enforcement of the law,
either affirmatively or negatively, they should
be invested with power to take steps to that
end through the courts.
Mr. WEST. I may not have a proper un-
derstanding of the rules under which the
Senate is now acting, and I should like to
inquire on a point of order, as to whether the
Senate is acting under the resolution that was
passed at the last session providing that no
amendment making legislative provisions shall
be entertained on an appropriation bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That reso-
lution expired with the termination of the
last session. The Senate is now acting under
its general rules.
Mr. WEST. This proposition is manifestly
against that resolution, and I did not know
that it had expired.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
is acting in order. The roll-call will proceed
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. What disposition has been
made of the suggestion of the Senator from
California?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not understand that the Senator from Cali-
fornia suggested an amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. My suggestion was to
strike out the clause which has been read;
but if the modification of the Senator from
Ohio be adopted, to insert after the words
"shall have power" the words " by proper
proceedings at law," I have no objection to it.
Mr. STEWART. "By judicial proceed-
ings. ''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That modi-
fication will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. WINDOM. I will inquire, as the Sen-
ator from Nevada appears to be in a yielding
mood, whether he will accept a suggestion to
strike out the whole amendment on account
of vagueness? [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to ask for inform-
ation, as I wish to see this amendment made
effective, how can these parties of their own
motion, unless they are invested with official
authority, institute proceedings ? Any citizen
of the United States has the right, and cer-
tainly it is his duty, to give information to the
proper prosecuting officer of the infraction of
a law, so that the law may be vindicated ; but
it is intended by the Senator from Nevada to
do more than that. He desires, and I think
very properly, that there should be some offi
cial authority vested in these commissioners to
insist upon a prosecution where the law has
been violated. I think there will be found,
practically, many defects in the language of
the present law. For instance, to test the
matter, suppose one of these commissioners
becomes aware of the fact that there has been
some violation of law relating to the obliga-
tion of the United States toward these In-
dians ; under this provison what is the
measure of his authority ? What are his
powers? What can he do? Can he do more
than bear bis case to the adjacent attorney of
the United States for the district, and ask him
to see that the parties are put upon their trial,
either to be convicted penally or to be sub-
jected to some other proceeding? It seems
to me not.
I really think that this amendment, to be
made efficient, should be more carefully
worded. I am very glad to see any check
attempted upon the depredations on the Indian
funds. Those poor people have been made
the victims of a set of sharpers ever since
there has been what is known as an Indian
policy existing under the Government of the
United States, and any amendment that shall
tend to protect them individually, and, in
addition to protecting these poor defenseless
people, shall protect the Treasury of the
United States against the thieves who have
constantly stolen large sums of money which
were intended for the benefit of the Indian,
will meet with my hearty support.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada, upon which the yeas aud nays have
been ordered.
Mr. WRIGHT. Before the vote is taken I
desire to say one word.
My observation here to-day on this amend-
ment confirms what I have often thought in
connection with the business of the Senate
during my short experience here, as to the
inapolicy of undertaking to inaugurate a new
measure upon a bill of this kind on the sug-
gestion of one Senator aud without the matter
ever having been in the hands of a committee.
Yesterday, it will be remembered, the Senator
from Nevada offered an amendment confer-
ing the same powers and devolving the same
duties he now devolves upon these proposed
inspectors upon officers of the Army. That
was voted down. lie then offered an amend-
