482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
he was unable to give me any information yes-
terday whether there were twenty thousand
or not. For myself I do not believe there are
halt" that number of persons settled on this
reservation permanently ; but even if there
were twenty thousand persons settled there,
as 1 showed to the Senate yesterday this pro-
vides for an expenditure for beef and flour at
about the rate of nine cents per pound for
beef and nine dollars per hunared for flour,
or in other words, about eighteen dollars a
barrel for flour. We know that they do not
furnish the best kind of flour to the Indians
by a good deal ; they do not furnish that flour
which costs seven or eight dollars a barrel,
but they furnish the cheapest kind of flour;
and I have no idea that the flour would cost
anything like eighteen dollars a barrel deliv-
ered upon that reservation when you consider
that there is so much of the transportation of
that flour that can be made by rail. In respect
to the beef, as was assented to by the Senator
from Nebraska yesterday, any amount of it can
be purchased in Nebraska for between four
and five cents per pound, and that the very
beat of beef. But they do not furnish the very
best of beef actually to the Indians ; they will
not do it; and the idea of paying nine cents a
pound for beef and eighteen dollars a barrel
for flour strikes me as being extravagant. I
therefore move to cut that appropriation down
to $800,000, and I believe that that is more
than is necessary.
Mr. WINDOM. I had risen when the Sen-
ator from Ohio was recognized, for the pur-
pose of making a similar motion with refer-
ence to this appropriation, though not to
strike it down to quite the extent the Senator
proposes to do. 1 have had some opportunity
since the bill has been reported to consult the
secretary of the peace commission, who thinks
that this beef can be bought at a lower price,
and the flour lower than is here provided for.
1 hope the Senate will strike out the present
appropriation and make it $900,000. If,the
Senator will concur with me, I will agree to
au amendment reducing this item to $900,000.
Mr. THURMAN. I will not stand on that
point. The Senator is very much better ad-
vised than I am, and I will accept $900,000
if he says so.
Mr. WINDOM. I hope the service can be
rendered for that; but if the Senate cut the
appropriation down to $900,000, and the
House adhere to the appropriation as they
made it, it will give an opportunity to investi-
gate the subject.
Mr. THURMAN. One suggestion I wish
to make to my friend. Suppose we make the
sum $900,000 instead of the House appropria-
tion, can it be cut down still further in the
committee of conference?
Mr. WINDOM. Oh, yes ; we can cut it
down more then.
Mr. THURMAN. If when we once change
it, it can be cut down to any proper amount
by the committee of conference, I will agree
to say $900,000.
Mr. WINDOM. I am very anxious to re-
duce this appropriation, and I believe on more
full investigation we can do it, and I hope we
can.
Mr. THURMAN. I am perfectly willing to
say $900,000 if that is the wish of the Senator.
Mr. HARLAN. I think there is a misap-
prehension about that. The language of this
item in the appropriation bill does not follow
the language of the tenth article of the treaty
referred to, and I will inquire of the honor-
able Senator from Minnesota if he has any
information from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs as to the probable number of Indians
on this reservation.
Mr. WINDOM. I have none except what
is stated in the report of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs.
Mr. HAELAN. I understood the honor-
able Senator to refer to the secretary of the
peace commission.
Mr. WINDOM. I have some information
from him. He thinks this beef can be furnished
at six cents a pound, and flour at the same
price, which would reduce this estimate nearly
one third.
Mr. HARLAN. The exact amount paid
for beef this year is $2 92 and a fraction per
hundred pounds.
Mr. WINDOM. I hope we may be able to
make a further reduction. I want the amend-
ment so that it can go before the committee
of conference.
Mr. CORBETT. I have a letter from the
secretary of the peace commission, which I
ask to have read.
Mr. HARLAN. We pay $2 92 per hun-
dred, live weight. As to the number, this is
merely technical, and out of this appropriation
large expenditures are made for Indians that
are not permanently on this reservation, but
come and go, that spend a part of their time
in other portions of the country; and I make
the prediction that if this is reduced perma-
nently, it will only result in the adoption of a
deficiency bill in the beginning of the next
session.
There are more Indians than nine Sioux
bands on this reservation included in the
appropriation as it is understood at the Depart-
ment. By looking at the caption of this
appropriation you will find that it includes not
only the " Sioux of different tribes," which I
understand refers to nine or ten bands that
they are attempting to collect permanently
on this appropriation, but the caption says
further, " including Santee Sioux in the State
1 of Nebraska, and Poncas on the great Sioux
reservation"—who are another tribe of the
Sioux—"and familiesof Santee DakotaSioux,
who have taken homesteads at or near Flan-
dreau in Dakota Territory," entirely outside
of this reservation. This caption is the same
as you will find in the appropriation bill of
last year ; and when it was pending I inquired
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs whether,
if the caption were thus changed, it would
enable him to apply a portion of this appro-
priation to those Indians, and he said he
thought it would; and of coarse they have
been construing the existing law so that this
appropriation is in fact for more Indians than
those that are permanently on that reservation.
Mr. THURMAN. Does the Senator from
Iowa say that the Indian department construe
a law which contains a specific appropriation
for the fulfillment of a treaty in its enacting
words, to enable them to go back to a caption
such as there is here, and rule that they may
take that money, specifically appropriated to
execute a treaty, and do anything they please
with it for the benefit of these Indians?
Mr. HARLAN. No, I did not intend to say
quite that. I only said that the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs thought that with that
amendment to the-caption it would enable
them to apply a portion of the aprpopriation
included in a similar clause to this in the
appropriation bill of last year to Indians that
were not permanently on this reservation, but
spent a portion of their time elsewhere.
Now, if the honorable Senator from Ohio,
or the honorable Senator from Minnesota, has
any information on this subject leading to the
conclusion that the Commissioner of Indian
dian Affairs has erred in making his esti-
mates 
Mr. WINDOM. If the Senator will allow
me, the bill itself makes the estimate of
twenty thousand. I suppose the bill came
from the Interior Department; undoubtedly
they supervised it, and it makes the estimated
number at twenty thousand, and, in addition
to that, it provides for the purchase of a given
amount of beef, seven million three hundred
thousand pounds, and seven million three hun-
dred thousand pounds of flour, and specifically
appropriates $1,314,000 for it. Now, I be-
lieve the beef and flout can be purchased for
legs than nine cents a pound.
Mr. HARLAN. There is no doubt of that;
but the honorable Senator from Minnesota,
if he will read and think a little, will see
that this expression "twenty thousand" is a
phrase merely, accidentally stated in the esti-
mates. What force is there in that? Strike
it out and will not the clause mean substantially
the same thing? It is merely phraseology
lugged in from the phraseology of the esti-
mates.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not know that the
Senator understood my motive folly. It was
that we might make some amendment in order
to more fully investigate this question, and
possibly we may be compelled to appropriate
this amount; 1 hope not. Probably there
is a chance to reduce it from investigation
before a conference committeee.
Mr. HARLAN. My reason for challenging
the propriety of this action was that the
House may agree to the amendments proposed
by the Senate, and they will be inclined to
agree to an amendment reducing the amount
oi the appropriation, and consequently the re-
duction of the amount put in ought to be a
picture of the judgment of the Senate on that
subject. The House has put in the bill this
amount. Now, if we reduce it, it will go to the
House as the judgment of the Senate that it
ought to be reduced $400,000. We ought not
to so reduce it unless that is the judgment of
the Senate. I have not heard any informa-
tion in the discussion which leads me to the
conclusion that the department erred in the
estimates. Who has furnished information here
showing that there is not a necessity for the
expenditure of that amount of money out-
side of the text of the bill itself I
Mr. WINDOM. I will state to the Senator
that we are required to purchase seventy-three
hundred thousand pounds of beef. The secre-
tary of the peace commission tells me we can
get that beef delivered there at six cents a
pound. The bill provides money enough to
pay nine cents a pound.
Mr. HARLAN. Well, Mr. President, I
suppose that placing the number of pounds
of beef in the bill will not require the depart-
ment to purchase that exact number of pounds.
That, too, is merely the phraseology of the
estimates. In making up the estimates, of
course the clerk must have something on which
to figure, some data. He supposes there will
be about twenty thousand Indians there, and
that they will need a pound of beef a day, and
he multiplies the number of Indians by three
hundred and sixty-five, the number of days in
a year, and this gives the number of pounds
of beef. I suppose what is needed is a pound
of beef a day tor each Indian over the age
named in the treaty who may attempt to live
permanently on the reservation ; and it will be
found by looking at that treaty that there is
provision in the treaty for Indians that do not
live permanently on the reservation, a less
amount of beef and flour and clothing for those
that do not live permanently on the reserva-
tion. On looking further over this bill I find
nothing whatever for them, so that it is clear
to my mind that in drafting this bill it was
intended that this provision should cover both
these items, and I do not think it will be safe
to reduce the amount nearly half a million
dollars without any definite information what-
ever. If the honorable Senator from Minne-
sota thinks it safe of course I do not resist
it, but occupying the position I do I give it
as my opinion that it will be an unsafe experi-
ment.
Mr. THURMAN. • Mr. President 
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator from Ohio
will give way a moment I will simply make
this motion that when the Senate adjourns to-
day it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Ohio yield for that purpose?
Mr. THURMAN. I am willing to give
way for that purpose.
Mr. WINDOM. I have ho objection to that,
