1446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"February 18,
the yard piled up in several places, and my atten-
tion was called by Mr. Wescott to a large quantity
lying near the whari, which he claimed, as it had
not been paid for. I should judge there was about
one hundred and seventy-five or two hundred tons
of thia granite, and I called the attention of the
commandant to the claim of Mr. Wescott, who re-
plied that the claim for the payment must be made
to the Department, but the stone would be used for
Government work. I am sure the stone has been
used for the Government work, as all of the stone
then on hand has been used."
Mr Sawyer, who.it appears, from a statement of
the chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, has
been an engineer of that bureau for thirty.years
and familiar with the subject, under date of the &th
of July, 1863, says, (we give the substance of his
^Before'the rebellion "Wescott had a contract to
build a stone pier at Fort Norfolk. The work was
successfully executed, and ,%^ufhil>Ly.
stone left over, which he desired to sell to the navy
yard, but there was no funds, and he had permission
to land it at the yard, expecting to sell to the uq
partment at some future day. The stone thus Ianled
remained piled separately irom all other stone for
some time. It was there when the confederates took
possession, and found there when we regained the
yard. I was there soon after we took possession, and
there was no evidence that the stone had been used
by them. They did not erect any structure requir-
ing such stone, nor do I believe they did use it.
Since we repossessed the yard I am quite confident
the stone has all been used, by the Government in
rebuilding and repairing various buildings and other
structures iu the yard. A quantity of granite has
recently been purchased there, which 1 think would
not have been done if this granite was still on hand.
I was not stationed at the yard at the time these
transactions occurred, but was there occasionally,
and believe, from the information there obtained,
tho foregoing to be a true statement ot the tacts.
We think that this evidence, in connection with
what was before submitted, relieves the case of the
difficulties pointed out in the former report, it is
now reasonably olear that the stone landed and
theroat the time the Government lost possession
was still there when we repossessed the yard. It is
also fairly well established that it was used by the
Government. The more positive evidence, which
we before suggested, was easily attainable, as the
stone was susceptible of identification, and it could
be known where all other stone used was obtained,
is perhaps not so readily produced as we supposed,
from the fact that other stone was m the yard
belonging to tho Government, and, with that
belonging to Wescott, was used as needed, the
officers probably not knowing or earing who left it
there or to whom it belonged. Thatit was all used,
and put into Government buildings or structures ot
some kind, we think is sufficiently evident, It also
appears to us that the amount provided for in the
bill referred to us is but just compensation for peti-
tioner's property. , ,
We therefore report the same back, and now
recommend its passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM SCHILLING AND COMPANY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. E. No. 3514) for the relief of William
Schilling & Co., of Baltimore, Maryland;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for the payment to Wil-
liam Schilling & Co. of $925 50 in full for
internal revenue tax collected from them on
certain distilled spirits on or about the 28th
of October, 1868, the spirits having been
destroyed by fire on the day following, before
the proper stamps had been affixed.
The" bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
BRIDGE AT VAN BUREN, ARKANSAS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1251) authorizing the construction of
a bridge across the Arkansas river at Van
Buren, Arkansas.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. The Senator
from Arkansas [Mr. Clayton] desired that
that bill should be passed over. He is not in
hlS 86&t
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
SUTRO TUNNEL.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1337) to aid in the construction of the
Sutro tunnel from the proceeds of the sale of
mineral lands.
Mr.' EDMUNDS. That may go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
DANIEL S. MORSHON, JR-
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S No. 1475) for the relief of Daniel S. Mor-
shon ir ; which was considered as m Com-
mittee of the Whole.. It jpropo«8B to pay to
Daniel S. Morshon, jr., $46,715 08, in full
payment and discharge of his claim for work
done and material furnished on the construc-
tion of the side-wheel steamer Cimarron.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the report
in that ease read. .
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Nye on the 7th instant:
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was
referred the claim of Daniel S. Morshon, jr., have
examined the same, and submitted the following
report: , , . ..
The facts may be stated as louows: .
On the 12th day of October, 1881, the claimant, a
resident of Bordentown, New Jersey, contracted
with the United States, through the proper officers,
to build the side-wheel steamer Cimarron for the
sum of $100,000; said vessel to be constructed of like
material, of the same size, and to carry the same
weight of machinery as the Miami, to which refer-
ence is made in the contract and letter ot instruc-
tions dated September 30, 1861. While m the
process of constructing said vessel it was deemed
advisable by the officers of the Construction Bureau
of the Navy Department to make many changes m
the plans first submitted, and in almost every re-
spect to build a different steamer than the Miami,
referred to in the contract as a model and guide lor
the constructor. A short time after said contract
was executed the Miami was launched, and it was
ascertained that she was deficient m strength by
reason of too light timbers in the hull, and conse-
quently so weak she could not bear tho machin-
erv The bottom of the Cimarron had to be built
nearlv anow, of heavier timber, double the quan-
tity the floors closely laid, the stanchions supported
by knee-timber both top and bottom and many
Xer alterSions and additions from the ongmal
nlans and specifications were ordered by tne ue
partment. causing not only delay in ®omplei
but subjecting the claimant to great expense and
p The'hun^bylwntract,' was to be one hundred and
ninety feet long, and the plans were so changed
after the drafts were made as to increase:th® length
fifteen feet and the width one foot, which, litj>o 8 J
a radical and expensive alteration, was ■cons"J,?""??
necessary by the naval constructors, that she might
draw less water than the Miami, a requisite indis-
pensable for boats of this class, o(tea™Qa'™i!°J
service in shoal-waters. The Government profited
by the experience of its officers in the alterations
of the plan of this vessel from that of the Miami,
the contractor suffering a corresponding loss tor
which he has never received any remuneration
whjktover _
By the'change in dimensions of vessel, as be-
fore stated, the tonnage was increased one hun-
dred and thirty tons, which, at $125 per ton, (a low
price for the hull of a ship built during the war,
when labor and material were at an advanced price,
and our national currency depreciated,) amounts to
$16 250
The alteration on the hull, including the floors,
the extra amount of timber necessary to strengthen
the bottom, amounts to $4,204 58.
The extra labor for pattern-makers, boiler-makers,
machinists, and blacksmiths, at $3 25 cents per (lay,
for twenty-one hundred and thirty-one days, the
time necessarily employed, as shown by the time-
book, to make these alterations, amounts to §>b,921 M.
As the Miami was the model in the construction
of the Cimarron, the following statement will show
the difference in weight of the machinery, with cost
of same at the time it was used and the vessel com-
pleted :
Items.
Cimarron.
Miami.
Difference.
Cost.
Total.
Pounds.
Pounds.
Pounds.
Cents.
123,280
100,780
22,500
15
$3,375 00
8,487
6,237
2,250
12
270 00
34,792
24,422
10,550
10
1,055 00
41,968
39,978
• 1,990
16
318 40
182,788
117,838
64,950
4
2,598 00
38,684
16,744
21,940
38
8,337 20
70,355
47.805
22,550
15
3,382 50
Making a total cost on machinery, over and above
that of the Miami, of $19,336 10.
That but for the continued interference of the
Department, in causing the said changes, this vessel
would have been completed in the time stipulated
in the contract; but by reason of the interruption
of the work and delays occasioned by the Gov-
ernment at a time when the price of labor and all
materials was on the increase, the expense to the
contractor was greatly enhanced, without fault on
his part; and it therefore constitutes a just claim
against the United States, the benefits having accrued
solely to the public service.
The justice of this relief to contractors who have
suffered without their fault is fully recognized, and
a precedent established by the Senate resolution of
March 9, 1865, and by the report in pursuance
thereof, (Ex. Doc. No. 18, Thirty-Ninth Congress,
first session.) and by the passage of the act of March
2,1867, after a long debate and the most exhaustive
examination of the questions involved; also during
the last session, in the passage of bill for the relief
of J. S. Underhill, which is in point to the claim
under consideration.
From the evidence submitted, and after a careful
examination of the whole matter, the committee
are impressed with the justice of this claim, and
recommend its payment. They therefore report the
accompanying bill, and ask its passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
DONALD M'kaY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1209) for the relief of Donald McKay.
The bill was read, and also the amendment
proposed by the Committee on Naval Affairs
as a substitute.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let that go over.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senator from Mich-
igan will withdraw his objection. There is a
series of these bills just alike. I think the
Senator will not object, in justice to the per-
sons concerned. They simply ask to go to the
Court of Claims, and the Naval Committee
have recommended that they all go there, and
for once close the cases out. They have been
annoying claims, claims that we have had to
go over every year for the last four or five
years, and now the parties simply ask leave to
go to the Court of Claims, and the committee
rather gave it that direction than attempt to
pass on the merits of the several claims. I
hope the objection will be withdrawn, and let
them go.
The VICE PRESIDENT. - Does the Sen-
ator from Michigan withdraw his objection?
Mr. CHANDLER. No, sir ; there is too
much machinery about this.
The VICE PRESI DENT. The bill cannot
be debated, the objection being persisted in.
Mr. NYE. Does it lose its place on the
Calendar?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not lose
its place on the Calendar; it remains on the
Calendar, and in a better position on account
of the number of bills that are passed, making
it easier to reach.
NATHANIEL M'KAY. "
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1210) for the relief of Nathaniel
McKay.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Ne-
vada says that these are all alike. Therefore
I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
remain on the Calendar.
MILES GREENWOOD.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1260) for the relief of Miles Green-
wood.
Mr. SHERMAN. In that case there is a
House bill on the same subject lying on the
table, and I ask that the-House bill be con-
sidered instead of this.
