1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
motion if it ia understood unanimously that
wt shall sit this bill out to-night. ["Yes!"
" Yes!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator trom
Minnesota, that when the Senate adjourns
jo-day it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I do, for
oje, protest against a specific appropriation
to carry out a provision iu a treaty being en-
larged so as to extend to matters not embraced
iu that treaty at all. We have no right to
look at auythiug but the provision in this bill
and see whether that provision is right or not.
It'some indefinite sum ia necessary for other
purpose* not mentioned in this provision, that
can be moved and can be adopted. The pro-
vision is a* explicit as it can be. It is:
Fur purchase of seventy-three hundred thou-
sand pound* of beef, anil the sime quantity of flour,
for twenty thousand persons, under the tenth article
treaty of April 29. lsds.
That is just as clear as it can be. It is to
execute that treaty. It does, however, go on
further, "and for subsistence of Yankton
Sioux.'' That, I think, ought not to be in
there coupled with this provision in regard to
the treaty. But when we come to turn fur-
ther to page 57 of the bill we find, perhaps,
what this is about the Y'ankton Sioux. On
page 57 we find :
Yankton tribe of Sioux :
For fifth of ten installments, (second series.) to
be paid to them or expended for their benefit, com-
mencing with the year in which they shall remove
to and settle and reside upon their reservation, per
four;h article treaty of April 19. 1S58, $40,000.
For transportation of roods, $1,500.
So that the Yankton Sioux are already pro-
vided for in this very same bill, and I imagine
that no part of the $1,31-1,000 which is now
under consideration is to be expended for them,
because they are already provided for in this
very same bill; and it most be inadvertence
;kat they are mentioned here at all; or, if it
is not inadvertence, it can be but a very small
amount that can be appropriated for them,
because we see that the amount of appropri-
ation for them on the fifty-seventh page, ac-
cording to their treaty, is only $40,000 a year.
So this must be considered simply as an exe-
cution of the treaty of 1868. And now, if you
take twenty thousand as the number of per-
sons there—and I do not believe there are
any such number on that reservation; I have
seen no statement that there is any such nam-
!>er of Sioux who have taken up their perma-
nent residence there; but if it were so, then,
as I have said before, this is ft provision for
beef at nine cents a pound and flour at eight-
een dollars a barrel.
Now, what do these peace commissioners
report to us? Why, sir, this bill is worse
than I thought it was. The Senator from Ore-
gon has just handed me pnd called my attention
to the report of the peace commissioners, and
what do they say? They say that the average
cost of beef for the last year is only $2 71.9
per hundred, less than two and three quarter
cents a pound ; and yet here is an appropria-
tion of at least nine cents a pound for beef.
How is it with flour ?
" The prices of beef on the hoof delivered at the
agencies ranee from $1 84 to S3 25 per hundred
pounds; of floor, from 93 45 to S7 87 per hundred
pounds."
We know that there are places where the flour
mast cost a great deal more than to deliver it
on this reservation; in Arizona, for instance,
where it has to be transported almost entirely
either in wagons or upon the backs of mules,
where there is no railroad transportation of
any consequence; and so too in Colorado,
and so in various other places where there is ]
scarcely any railroad transportation. But that j
is not the case here. Here is the Union ;
Pacific railroad running the whole length of
Nebraska and bringing goods that are trans- I
ported, flour and all, within a short distance
of this reservation ; and therefore there is per-
haps scarcely any reservation west of the
Mississippi where flour could be delivered at
less cost than at this very reservation. We
may safely put it down at $3 45 a hundred, the
minimum price mentioned in this report; but
this bill proposes that it shall be nine dollars;
and the beef instead of being what these commis-
sioners say they can purchase it at, less than
two and three fourths cents a pound, shall be
nine cents a pound. Why, surely, no such
appropriation can be defended, and the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs sees
that it cannot be, and he therefore says that
this appropriation is intended to cover some-
thing else than that treaty.
I say that if the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs should expend one single dollar of
this appropriation for any other purpose than
that therein expressly specified he would be
liable to impeachment. That is the real
truth, sir. What says your Constitution?
That no money shall be drawn out of the
Treasury except upon an appropriation made
by law. We make an appropriation for a
specific purpose: and now it is said that the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs or the Treas-
ury Department may utterly ignore that pur-
pose and use that money appropriated for one
purpose specifically for some other purpose
for which there is no appropriation at all. I
say if they use a dollar of it they are liable to
impeachment and ought to be impeached and
punished. That, therefore, will not do. If
some fund is necessary for some other pur-
pose than is specifically mentioned in the bill,
let an amendment be moved for that appro-
priation and stating the object of it. But do
not undertake to enlarge this appropriation
beyond the words of the appropriation itself.
That will not do, and I hope, therefore, that
the motion will prevail.
Mr. CORBETT. I handed to the Senator
the report of the commission, which states
the price of beef delivered there on the hoof,
alive. I also hold in my hand thj advertise-
ment of the Department with the list of goods
for the various agencies. I notice for the
Yankton agency eighteen hundred thousand
pounds, gross weight, of beef cattle on the
hoof; eighty-four thousand pounds of bacon
clear sides, seven thousand pounds per month ;
four hundred and eighty thousand pounds of
double extra flour, forty thousand pounds per
month ; twenty-five thousand pounds of coffee,
green; fifty thousand pounds of best brown
sugar; three thousand pounds of plug tobacco
in boxes; seven thousand pounds of best
brown sugar in boxes; seven thousand pounds
of salt, fine, in barrels. I have no doubt that
many of these things are embraced in this esti-
mate, and I so understand from the secretary
of the commission, whose letter I sent some
time ago to the desk to be read. I ask that it
be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Board op Indian Commissioners.
Washington, D. C., January 10. 1873.
Diab Si*: I find on the record of our office that
the price for beef delivered at the Sioux agencies
(six months, to be American cattle) is $2 97 per one
hundred pounds. •
For flour delivered at the agencies an average of
$4 67 per ono hundred pounds. I send the bids for
supplies awarded last year; you will readily see
where the remainder of the appropriation goes. Out
of it somes coffee, sugar, bacon, tobacco, &c.
As the prices are lower than the lowest spoken of
yesterday, it might be well to bring it out. On page
25 of report inclosed you will see comment on prices
at last award. Also, on page 4, an illustration in
point applying to the Sioux agency.
I would also beg leave to call your attention to a
recommendation of the board on page 19, of a board
of inspectors. .
I inclose the bill of Senator Wilson, of which I
spoke.
Pardon my troubling yon.
. Very respectful,R CREE
The San tee Sioux number965; thePoncas735; both
are included in general Sioux appropriation.
Hon. Hknky W. Corbktt.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems that the under-
standing of the secretary of the board is that
out of this appropriation comes the money for
bacon, tobacco, soap, salt, and coffee ; and
yet it does not so state in the appropriation,
but there does not appear to be any appropri-
ation for these purposes specifically. I called
his attention to it this morning; told him that
I thought it seemed to be a very large appro-
priation, and said that certainly there must be
some mistake as to seven million three hun-
dred thousand pounds of flour and that number
of pounds of beef costing over $1,000,000.
He thought it was too large himself, thought
there must be some error, and went to
his office to inquire ; and his letter has now
been read. I notice by the report of the com-
mission that there were twenty-seven million
eight hundred thousand pounds of beef pur-
chased last year, but that of course could not
have been entirely for this reservation. That
amounted to over one million dollars; but I
think there must be some other appropriation
embraced in this item. I give this as all the
information I have on the subject.
Mr. NYE. By permission of the Senate I
want to enter a motion to reconsider the vote
taken yesterday upon the appropriation for the
removal of the Winnebago tribe of Indians in
Wisconsin.
Mr. THURMAN. How did the Senator
vote on that amendment?
Mr. NYE. I voted against it.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have a
question of order decided. • I do not know
how the matter is, whether there can be a
reconsideration of a vote on a single amend-
ment in that way. The amendment was
offered and voted down. Do I understand
that the Senator wants us to reconsider it
now ?
Mr. NYE. Yes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a pend-
ing amendment now which prevents action on
the motion to reconsider. The amendment
of the Senator from Ohio has priority.
Mr. THURMAN. Whenever that matter
comes up I wish the President to decide the
question of order I make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly that
can be made when it shall be reached. The
question now is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman.]
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada now calls up his motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the Senate non-con-
curred in the amendment agreed to in Com-
mittee of the Whole as to the Winnebagoes,
and the Senator from Ohio raises a question
of order. Will he state it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know what the
rule is, and to be informed upon it I make
the question that the Senate cannot reconsider
a vote refusing to concur in a particular amend-
ment. You can have a motion to reconsider
a vote on the bill itself, but that there can be
a motion to reconsider a vote on a particular
amendment, strikes me as being rather novel.
I do not know, however, what the rule is, and
I simply inquire.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The ruling has
been the other way in the Senate, because the
rule here is very broad, perhaps going beyond
the parliamentary law :
"When a question has been made and carried in
the affirmative or negative, whether previously re-
considered or not, it shall be in order for any Sena-
tor of the majority to move for the reconsideration
thereof."
Therefore, whatever has been taken as a
question, even if a reconsideration has once
been voted upon, can be reconsidered. A
second reconsideration is a direct divergence
from parliamentary law. The evident intent
of the rule is to allow a reconsideration within
two days npon any motion which has been put
to the Senate.
