1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1447
Mr. CRAGIN. There are also House bills
in the two eases just passed over,
_ Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Michigan to one
fact. Let me tell him that I have read this
case fully in all its parts. Miles Greenwood,
the only person whom I know of these naval
contractors, was one of the most prominent,
active, industrious, self-made men of the city
of Cincinnati. He undertook to build during
the war two or three vessels, and the changes
that were made at the time he was going on
with his vessels almost ruined him, brought
him to a condition where it seems to me he
has a right to appeal to the Senate for justice.
I have never known in my experience in pub-
lie life a harder case than this of Miles Green-
wood. The plans were changed and he was
required to conform to them. He did con-
form to them; prices increased on his hands;
he was compelled to buy materials at high
prices, and he did buy them, and the earnings
of his life time were wasted in this effort to
carry out the wishes of the Government. All
that this bill gives him in the world as it
passed the House of Representatives is the
right to go to the Court of Claims for the
increased cost and the additional expenses
put upon him by the changes made by the offi-
cers of the Government. It seems to me that
no case could appeal to our equity so strongly.
I know that to turn this man away now—I
speak of what is known by every one who is
familiar with Cincinnati—to turn him away
now without giving him the right to go to the
Court of Claims to get the increased cost of
the vessels caused by the changes of the Gov-
ernment, will be an act of injustice which my
friend from Michigan would not commit if he
understood the circumstances. I do not care
what amendments are made so that you allow
this man under any circumstances to appeal to
the Court of Claims on the contract that
existed between him and the Government of
the United States.
I hope the Senator from Michigan will allow
the House bill in this case to be taken up and
acted on. If there is any objection to it or
any amendment that is proposed, I am pre-
pared to accept it.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senate will remem-
ber that two or three years ago we passed a
somewhat similar law in regard to the Chor-
penning claim, compelling the Postmaster
General to settle it upou a certain basis, leav-
ing him no option whatever. Now, here is too
much machinery, inmyjudgment, to be put into
this bill, telling the Court of Claims what testi-
mony they shall take and what basis they shall
report upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me ask the Sen-
ator 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Michigan objects, under the rule the bill
cannot be considered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask him to withdraw
the objection, and I say to him if there is any
machinery or any rule of evidence prescribed
in this case the only one I do know about 
Mr. CHANDLER. You say there is a
House bill ?
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a House bill the
same in substance.
Mr. CHANDLER. Pass over the Senate
bill and I will examine the House bill before
we strike it in its order. It is not worth while
to take it up out of its order. Let us reach it
in its order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate bill
is passed over.
Mr. CRAGIN. The former bills that were
passed are precisely, word for word, the same
bills as the House bills passed in those two
cases also.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are three
or four pages further on the Calendar. The
Secretary will report the next bill on the
Calendar in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to reconsider
the vote passing the bill (S. No. 1475) for
the relief of Daniel Morshon, jr. I wish the
motion to be entered; I do not care to press
it now. I wish to look into the bill. I have
received some information, since the bill
passed, which leads me to believe it needs
some further investigation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider will be entered.
plymouth CUSTOM-HOUSE
The VICE PRESIDENT. House bill No.
3793, to provide for the revision of the treaties
with the Indian tribes, is the next bill on the
Calendar. The Secretary does not at this
moment find it. The next bill will be read
for the present.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 3628) authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to sell the custom-house prop-
erty at Plymouth, North Carolina; which was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
is a direction to the Secretary of the Treasury
to cause to be sold at public auction, without
unnecessary delay, in the town of Plymouth,
North Carolina, to the highest and best bid-
der, the old custom-house and the Sot of land
on which the same is situated, the whole being
known as " the custom-house property," upon
such terms of payment as may be prescribed
by the Secretary of the Treasury. The sale is
to be had after due notice, published in some
newspaper at or near where the property is
located.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
elias c. boodinot.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed as the
conferees on the part of the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(H. R. No. 1868) for the relief of Elias C.
Boudinot, Mr. Carpenter, Mr. Edmunds, and
Mr. Thurman.
petitions and memorials.
. Mr. HITCHCOCK presented a resolution
of the Legislature of Nebraska, in favor of the
establishment of a postal telegraph system;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CONKLING presented a memorial of
the Atlantic Mutual Insurance Company of
New York, remonstrating against its exclusion
from its just participation in the damages
awarded by the Geneva tribunal; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
a memorial of underwriters of the city of Bal-
timore, Maryland, remonstrating against their
exclusion from a participation in the damages
awarded by the Geneva tribunal of arbitration ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed,
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. O. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
announced that the President had on the 17th
instant approvod and signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 549) for the relief of R. H.
Pratt; and
An act (S. No. 1206) for the erection of a
public building for the use of the United States
in Covington, Kentucky.
The message also announced that the Presi-
dent had this day approved and signed the
following acts :
An act (S. No. 1354) in relation to mineral
lands: and
An act (S. No. 107) for the relief of the
heirs or legal representatives of George C.
Bestor.
report op a committee.
Mr. LEWIS, from the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2980) to
remove the disabilities of J. L, M. Curry, of
Virginia, and others therein named, reported
it without amendment.
bill introduced.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1618) for the relief of Mrs. Martha Vaughn
and Mrs. Louisa Jackman; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
bridge across the arkansas river,
Mr. RICE. L have a conference report,
which I wish to make.
There being no objection, the report was
received and read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
House to the bill of the Senate (S. No. 245) amend-
atory of an act authorizing the construction of a
bridge across the Arkansas river, report that hav-
ing met, after a full and free conference, they have
been unable to agree.
B. F. BICE,
POWELL CLAYTON,
GEORGl^F. EDMUNDS.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
SAMUEL HAMBLETON,
PHILEXUS SAWYBK,
Managers on the part of the Hons".
Mr, RICE. If it is in order, I move that
the Senate concur in the amendments of the
House of Representatives. The House made
three amendments, two of which are unobjec-
tionable to the Senate, and the third one was
inserting the words "Secretary of War."
That limits the proviso a little, but is not
objectionable at all, and I believe the Senator
making the objection is satisfied that the
amendment may as well be concurred in. The
Senator from Vermont made the objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not satisfied to let
the last amendment be concurred in, because
it is wrong.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Arkansas moves that the Senate recede
from its disagreement to the amendments of
the House of Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that will not be
done. The last amendment ties it up to the
order of the Secretary of War to make any
change in the construction of the bridge, <fcc.,
whereas if upon a decision in a court of jus-
tice it should be held that the bridge was an
obstruction to navigation, the act of Congress
makes it lawful nevertheless. That is what
neither House intended, and I think I do not
disclose any secrets of a conference committee,
as they are not entitled to have any secrets,
when I say that all the members on both sides
of the conference agreed that that amendment
of the House of Representatives ought not to
be adopted, and the reason we could not agree
was the fact that the House of Representatives
did not wish to have the bill passed at all.
The representatives of both Houses were in
favor of the House receding from this amend-
ment which inserts the words " the Secretary
of War." I hope, therefore, that we shall not
recede from ourdisagreement uponthat amend-
ment.
Mr. RICE. I will first make the motion
that the Senate recede from its disagreement
to the first and second amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Arkansas moves that the Senate recede
from their disagreement to the first and second
amendments of the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
will now be on the last amendment.
Mr. RICE. I should like to have the
amendment read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment was in
line eighteen, after the word "required" to
insert "by the Secretary of War;" so as to
read:
And provided farther, That if any change in the
plan of said bridge shall erer be required by the
Secretary of War by reason of its being an obstruc-
tion to navigation, such change shall be made at tho
expense of the company, &c.
