'1448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now the Senate will see,
if they care enough about protecting the public
interests after the experience we have had on
the Ohio to pay attention, that the change
which may be required in the construction of
this bridge for the protection of navigation is
to be made at the expense of the company
only when the Secretary of War determines
that that change is necessary, whereas if a bill
is filed in the circuit court of the United States
for the State of Arkansas, and it is determ-
ined upon that bill, either a bill of indict-
ment or a bill in equity, in favor of anbody
who is obstructed, and is determined by the
Supreme Court of the United States on appeal
that this bridge is an unreasonable obstruction
to navigation, then the expense of making the
change is left on the Treasury, for the reason
that the act of Congress provides that this
change shall be made at the expense of the
company only when the Secretary of War
thinks so. That is wrong, and the Senate has
decided it to be wrong. I repeat what I stated
before, that all the gentlemen on the confer-
ence, including my honorable friend from Ark-
ansas, entirely agreed that it is wrong; and
now my friend from Arkansas insists that
wrong as it is we shall agree to it. I hope we
shall not.
Mr. RICE. Although I agree that the
amendment restricts somewhat the guards on
the part of the Government, still it does not
do it sufficiently to authorize the defeat of the
bill. This conference has hunjr between the
two Houses for two sessions on these words,
"the Secretary of War." The House mem-
bers simply do not agree. They admit that
our portion^ is right, but they do not agree to
a report. They did agree once, but it was
reconsidered. Now the session is getting
nearly to a close. The bridge is already con-
structed in effect; the frame-work is con-
structed. The company want to build their
piers while the water is low, and it is import-
ant that the bill pass now. The railway which
crosses the river there is built up to the point
on each side, and it is very important that the
biil pass. I do not want this session to go
over without it. It will throw the company
back a year in completing its work. The
Government is sufficiently guarded even if this
amendment be put in. 1 think the Senate
ought to recede from its disagreement to the
amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on receding from the disagreement of the Sen-
ate to the third amendment of the House of
Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The House will unques-
tionably agree with us. We ought not to do
this wrong.
Mr. MACHEN. I ask the Senator from
Vermont what is the special objection ? I do
not distinctly catch .what is said on that side
oi the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will repeat in a- minute
what 1 said. This amendment of the House
ot itepresentatives requires this companv to
bear the expense of any change in the bridge
hereafter where the proper interests of naviga-
tion shall require it, if the Secretary of War
shall require the change to be made; but it
twl a'- ltJou«ilt't0 do> the question of
?■ -ge be a nui3a ce and an ob-
TJniW 5Lf to courte of the
United States, hke all other such cases.
Now this restriction made by the House of
Representatives m its effect, if agreed to, im-
poses upon, the Government ot the United
States the expense of making any change that
may be found to be necessary if the iudsment
ot a court, instead of the Secretary oFwa!-
 faall require the change to be made ; and of
trial" h f Ja^ment ?f   «Wrt, upon a fair
trial between the partes, is the best possible
bemideaSCerta"' Whether ^ CbaUgS 0ught t0
Now the House amendment, as I sav, re-
quires us, if a court shall determine that this
thing is an obstruction to navigation and un-
reasonably so, to foot the bill of the change;
and that, in my opinion, is entirely wrong.
Therefore if we agree to the amendment of
the House of Representatives we shall have
agreed to bear the expense of changing this
bridge ourselves, in the event that it turns out
to be an obstruction of the navigation, except
in one instance. If we refuse to recede from
our disagreement, then we leave it in such "con-
dition that from whatever cause the bridge
shall be found to be an obstruction to naviga-
tion, whether by a court, by the Secretary of
War, or in any lawful way, the company
shall bear the expense of making the change,
and not we,
Mr. RICB. There is no provision that re-
quires the Government to bear the expense in
any event. This provision was put in as an
additional guard in favor of the Government
and the House limited it to a change made by
direction of the Secretary of War. But still
there is nothing in the bill at any point that
makes the Government responsible for the
cost of any change. The company that have
to make the change will make it at their own
expense under any law that I know of.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Arkansas
must be very short in his memory. It is not
two years ago since in the case of a bridge
over the Ohio river it was stoutly contended
here and came very near being passed—and I
do not know but that it did quite in some
form—that where there was not a restrict-
ive clause requiring the company to make
the changes at their own expense when we
had authorized the bridge the company was
not bound to bear the expense, but that the
United States were if they required, through
their courts or otherwise, the change to be
made, because we had authorized them to set
up the structure.
I do not think that is the law, but a very
large oumber of Senators did think so and
the company who erected the bridge thought
so. Now,_ in order to guard the Treasury
against this species of wrong to be practiced
upon us, this provision has been incorporated
in this bill. But the amendmentof the House
of Representatives makes it worse than it
would be if no provision at all were inserted,
because by this one expression, making the
Secretary <of War the sole test of whether the
I reasury shall bear the expense or the com-
pany, it excludes every other.
Mr. RICE. Does the Senator contend that
the Government ever paid the expense of the
change of the bridge at Cincinnati, on the
Ohio river?
"^;rV®I)®IUNDS. No; but they are being
sued for it. We have provided that the Gov-
ernment might be sued for it.
Mr. RICE. They never recognized the
claim.
m*"' " J k°Pe they never will.
Mr. RICE. The Government have never
agreed that there was any law requiring thein
to pay for any such change.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
UiP-°j recediQS 'rom 'h® disagreement to the
third amendment of the House of Represent-
atives.
The question being put, there were—aves
thirteen. J
Mr. RICE. I call for the yeas and nays.
Ihe yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 21 ; as follows!
"i. EAS Messrs. Chandler, Cooper, Cragin Fenton
lan'lF tt Gilbert, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Ilarlan, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, JIaehen Nve
Wright—-19! ry* StWart> Viekers! Windom. and
ys—ilessrg. Ames, Anthony, Bayanl Bore-
Conkl® K Corten' Sinter, Clayton,
SMS1~' Ste^l:
wiiiBS<?HTTMe^s- Alcorn, Blair, Brownlow Galil-
amiMaMl
Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Hansom, Robertson, Sawyer,
Scott. Spencer, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tm-
ton, Trumbuil, and West—33.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate re-
cedes from its disagreement to the first two
amendments of the House of Representatives
and refuses to recede from its disagreement to
the third amendment, and a message to that
effect will be transmitted to the House of Rep-
resentatives with the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is equivalent to a
vote to insist, so that it will be transmitted
that we insist on our disagreement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly; that
is the equivalent of the other motion. The Sen-
ate refuses to recede from their disagreement
to the third amendment and insists on that
disagreement, and a message of that kind will
be transmitted to the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. RICE. Is it proper now to ask for a
new committee of conference?
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. Scarcely, be-
cause the committee have not reported in the
other House at all yet.
Mr. RICE. Very well.
KANSAS SENATORIAL INVESTIGATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
had handed to him from the Sergeant-at-Arms
a petition signed by a citizen of Kansas, rep-
resenting himself as counsel of A. M. York
and others, before the special committee of
the Senate investigating the recent election
of a Senator in Kansas. The Chair has sub-
mitted it to the chairman of the committee,
£Mr. Prelinghuysen,] and he now submits it
to the Senate. It is not, of course, in order, if
any Senator objects, until the opening of the
session to-morrow mornin^.
The Chief Clerk read the paper, as follows:
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Vice President of the United States.-
Representing A. M York and others before a
special committee of the Senate of the United States
now engaged m an investigation in relation to the
attempt of Senator Samuel C. Pomekoy to bribe the
S'1-!.' York, a member of the Legislature of the
bta«,e 01 Kansas to vote for said Pomeroy at the re-
cent senatorial election in Kansas, I have been in-
a" ¥" .York an,d others to respectfully
request the Senate to so enlarge the subject-matter
ot the inquiry of the special committee as to receive
the statements of certain members of the Legis-
iature ot the State of Kansas who are now here, and
others who have been summoned, that they were
onered money or other valuable consideration by
the agents and friends of Senator Pomeroy to vote
for him at said senatorial election.
KespectfuUy requesting that this communication
be laid before the Senate, I am, very respectfully,
your obedient servant. B. F. SIMPSOX
The VICE PRESIDENT. -The Calendar
being .before the Senate, the Chair has sub-
mitted this at the request of the person who
sent it to the Sergeant-at-Arms, after showing
it to the chairman of the select committee
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask if B. F. Simp-
so™,18   ">ember of the Legislature of Kansas ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know.
Mr. BLAIR. No, sir ; he is not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Heclaimstobe
the attorney ot Mr. York and others.
Mr. SHERMAN. In what respect does he
ask tor an enlargement ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey can probably inform the Sen-
ator better than the Chair.
4,^1' The resolution
which appointed the committee confined the
investigation to the transaction between Mr
lork and Senator Pomeroy. This is a peti-
tion that the power of the committee may be
enlarged so as take in any transactions in ref-
erence to the election of Mr. Pomeroy Per-
haps it would be well, as I have had no oppor-
tunity of conferring with the committee if
their opinion is to be taken, although 1 sup-
pose they would hardly express one, that the
M ei'S^UIJlil t0 mom>w morning.
tWti, , was about to move
that the petition itself be referred to the select
