1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487"
from the reading of the bill. The bill pro-
vide* that the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury be authorized and required to pay,
out ot' any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to Ethan A. Sawyer, the
sum of $".10,000. Ac. It does, therefore, make
an appropriation to which the point of order
properly attaches.
Mr. MAYNARD. From hearing the report
read it did not seem to me to require an appro-
priation of money, but that that was to be
made afterward.
t'he SPEAKER. It has been sometimes
held that the reading of a report was in the
nature of argument, and the point of order
could not be made after the reading had taken
place. The Chair has not so held because the
report being read is so much concession to
the committee in order to ward off the point
of order, and therefore not to be counted in
favor of the committee, but rather against it.
The Chair reserves to members of the House
the right to make the point of order after the
reading of the report. That construction is
favorable to the committee rather than to
those who make the point of order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. I insist that
the point of order made by the gentleman
from Indiana comes too late, the report having
been read and the consideration of the bill
proceeded with.
The SPEAKER. It is true that the report
has been read. The Chair was just stating
that the official report accompanying a private
bill when allowed to be read before the point
of order is that much conceded in favor of
the committee. If a gentleman proposes to
make bis objection when the bill is read, he is
oftentimes induced to waive it by having the
report read. It has therefore been the habit
of the Chair to allow the report to.be read and
the point of order to be reserved. The Chair
thinks this construction favorable to the com-
mittee rather than against it.
Mr. HOLtfAN. It is a beneficial rale to
the committee.
The SPEAKER. Certainly; because in
many cases gentlemen would be indnced to
waive the point of order after hearing what
the report contains. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Harris] will observe that if the
Chair should rule otherwise, many gentlemen
would be induced to put in a point of order
peremptorily as soon as the bill was read, and
not allow the committee to be .heard at all.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. My under-
standing of the rule was that the point of order
might be raised after the report was read,
provided only it was reserved before the r6ad-
-tng of it.
The SPEAKER. There is no specific rule
on the subject. The rale is that when a bill
has been debated it is too late to make the
point of Order. The Chair has just been say-
ing that in not holding the reading of the re-
port to be in the nature of debate he thinks
the decision only just, and that it is favorable
to the committee rather than to the member
making the point of order. The Chair is com-
pelled to snstain the point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. As the bill goes .to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar, will the report be printed?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has directed it
to be printed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. Does the bill
go to the Committee of the W hole now ?
The SPEAKER. It goes to the Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar, and
after the moraine hour to-day it will be in
order to move that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar.
jambs a. waymire.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, also, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, reported back,
with the recommendation that it do pass, the
bill (S. No. 841; for the relief of James A.
Waymire, late a second lieutenant of company
M, first cavalry United States Army.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Paymaster General of the United
States Army to pay, out of any money appro-
priated or hereafter to be appropriated for the
payment of the Army, to James A. Waymire,
late second lieutenant of the first cavalry
United States Army, the pay and emoluments
of a second lieutenant of cavalry from the 27th
of February, 1867, the date of his assignment
to active duty, to the 3d of April, 1867, the
date of his commission.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
i The latter motion was agreed to.
> hknry goldhammer.
Mr. DONNAN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R.
No. 3315) for the relief of Henry Goldham-
mer.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
a duplicate check to Henry Goldhamtner for
eighty dollars, in lieu of a Tost original check
' for that sum issued by W. M. Fleming, assist-
ji ant paymaster United States, at Atlanta,
J1 Georgia, on the 17th of November, 1864, upon
| satisfactory evidence of the loss of the original
I1 check, ana upon the execution and delivery
j! by Goldhammer of such bond, with sureties,
to indemnify the United States, as is provided
by an act to authorize the payment of dupli-
cate checks of disbursing officers, approved
February 2, 1872.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not the general law
furnish the necessary relief here? It seems
to me that it does.
Mr. DONNAN. I will say to the gentle-
man from Indiana that the occasion for this
bill is because the law we passed last Feb-
ruary limits the time after the expiration of
! six months and within three years. This man
! has been getting up his proof of the loss of the
i original check, but only completed it since the
! passage of that law, and the limitation had oc-
1 curred under the law approved. 2d February
j last. The bill is well guarded. It requires
! Mr. Goldhammer to give sufficient and satis-
factory evidence of the loss of the original
[ check, and a bond of indemnity, which he has
I already executed, to the United States.
J The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
! read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
j accordingly read the third time, and passed.
I Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
kreel and miller.
Mr. DONNAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do not pass, the bill (H. R. No.
1526) for the relief of Kreel & Miller.
The bill was read. It authorize the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury of the
United States, in the settlement of the ac-
counts of Kreel & Miller, on their contract
with the United States for the delivery of
commissary stores to the posts of the United
States in the Territory of New Mexico, to
settle and allow to them the sum of $582 70,
being an amount assessed against them for
their failure to deliver certain stores which had
been destroyed in their hands by hostile
Indians.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think that bill contains
an appropriation, and should have its first
consideration in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DONNAN. I hope the gentleman will
allow the report to be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will always
reserve the point of order until the report has
been read.
The report was read.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
paul st. olair.
Mr. DONNAN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do not pass, the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 147) to authorize the appointment to the
West Point Military Academy of Paul St.
Clair, United States infantry ; and the same
was laid on the table.
jambs k. brown.
Mr. DONNAN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely on the petition of James
K. Brown, for extra allowances on account of
wounds incurred in the military service of the
United States; and the same was laid on the
table.
black beaver.
Mr. DONNAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3371) for
the relief of Black Beaver; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to pay to Black Beaver, a Delaware
Indian, on the delivery of a receipt in full by
him, the sum of $5,000 inpayment of services
rendered and losses sustained by him in con-
sequence of his serving as guide for the United
States troops commanded by Major (now Gen-
eral) Emory, from the Indian territory to Fort
Leavenworth, Kansas, at the breaking out of
the rebellion, 1861.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe that bill makes
an appropriation, and I think it ought to be
considered in Committee of the Whole. It is
an entirely new case.
Mr. DONNAN. I hope the gentleman will
not insist upon the point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am willing that a state-
ment shall be made in reference to this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot allow
a point of order to be debated.
Mr. HOLMAN. The bill establishes a new
principle, and I must insist upon the point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the bill is referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment the bill (H.
R. No. 3365) to amend section twelve of an
act entitled "An act to authorize the appoint-
ment of shipping commissioners," approved
June 7, 1872.
The message further requested the return to
the Senate of the bill (H. R. No. 1891) to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish
a Department of Justice, and for other pur-
poses."
colonel james V. jaque8s.
Mr. MOREY, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back, with an amend-
ment, the bill (S. No. 59) authorizing the Sec
retary of the Treasury to settle and pay the
accounts of Colonel James F. Jaquess.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Colonel
James F. Jaquess such sum as the President
of the United States may direct, not exceed-
ing $6,719, for services performed and money
expended by the said Jaquess, during tl o
