152
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1}
Ho. of Reps.
The Battle of Lake Erie—Mr. Stevenson.
42d Cong...'.3d Sess.
wounded ship, the Lawrence, if we reach the
Niagara "all will be well," and soon it was
done. The battle was renewed and won.
His name, a flame of everlasting fame, was
heard oil all the seas and shores where brave
men honor gallant deeds? "We have met
the enemy and they are ours." Henceforth
the lakes are free to ns and our flag as to
the British banner. Britannia no longer rules
the waves alone but shares an equal sover-
eignty with us. There could be no more
national subject—none be more heroic.
Sir, we are not artists, and we cannot criti-
cise this painting without displaying our own
ignorance. But we can do what for us is
quite as well or better; we can enjoy it, we
can feel it fill the heart and thrill the blood.
We cannot appraise it. Such worthy recrea-
tions of historic action can be only wrought
by the magic of genius inspired by patriotism,
and these are above appraisement. Money
cannot compensate an artistfor his thought,
his very soul, wrought out in color and in
form, in action, light, and lasting life. Such
a painting has no price, because it is match-
less. It is worth to every man whatever be
is worth to it. Whoever looks upon it brings
its value to it, and the measure of his heart
and soul, his courage and patriotism, will be
the standard of his thought.
There maybe those "with soul so dead'
that they can look upon that living page of most
heroic history unmoved, and measuring the
great seamless canvas and calculating what the
oils and colors may have cost unmixed with
brains, and how much manual labor was be-
stowed, make up the wage-prico by ten-hour
working days. If such there be beneath this
Dome, of them I hope for naught until the
painting shall have educated them and filled
them with itself. If all mankind were such
as these, the world would be a waste of form-
less things—art unknown, and genius yet
unborn; such pictures would not be, nor any
act to call them forth; but such men do not
truly represent the people whom we serve.
Whatever else the "plain people" of this
Republic lack, they all have heart and soul
and love of country, and the memory of her
brave defenders is most dear to them.
There may be those admiring the work and
prizing it as patriots must, yet seeing that
some seven years ago we bargained with the
artist to create it for us, and fixed the price,
they hold that he mustbide his bargain though
he starve and die. This is not even worldly
wisdom. There be some men whom you can-
not righteously or wisely bind in bargains made
before the work is done. Creators cannot; no,
nor can another tell, until the thing is made,
its worth or cost. There is an element which
we can neither mete nor weigh. God said,
" Let there be light." It was a word. What
was it worth? What is the worth of light '
A thought. Who knows its value ? Who shall
chain it down and tell what it may do in time,
or what it costs the soul that gives it, birth m
pang and length of days I ...
When you drive hard and thrifty bargains
■with an artist for the work he longs to do, you
put a price upon his genius and his soul; you
hold him in duress, and he submits, for he
will work for wages, or for naught, and starve
to death in his sublime endeavor to bring forth
and place on high within the people s view
his glorious conception. Such men, if they
had means to live without your go-Id, would
scorn to barter with you for their thoughts.
They would freely give them and the labor ot
their full expression to the world.
A true artist has his best and only real com
pensation in the knowledge of the good he
does and. in the fame he wins. He would pay a,
premium if he had withal for the privilege of
placing his great work before his countrymen.
But men of genius always have been poor.
Some occult principle of nature makes it so,
whether because abundance smothers the fire
divine in embers of luxuriance, or because
they spend what comes to them and even more,
or for some other cause, the fact ispoverty
and genius are allied, and rarely are divorced,
and when they part, beware lest genius piue
and die. But shall we therefore starve an
artist? No ; we will not; we will do by him
what equity and liberality require. If we have
bought an unborn thought, an uncreated
work, and he has brought it forth, and it is
good, we will- not let him suffer for his toil,
while we and all the world enjoy its fruits.
And so it has always been and will be. that
contracts bind in such employment only in
so far as good conscience may require, and
worthy works of genius created for the country
have been liberally rewarded beyond the bond.
This is the custom, and a righteous one. When
such agreements are made it is intended that
the work shall be one worth the price agreed,
but if it grow upon the artist's hands and draw
him on, and he pursue in love of his idea be-
yond the measure fixed, forgetting self and
thinking only of his art and its fulfillment,
justice, justice merely, must require that he be
fairly paid. These principles, and all the pre-
cedents that run upon them, will apply to this
poor artist, this unfortunate son of genius.
Seven years ago lie bound himself to put
his dream of this victorious battle into form and
color, life and notion, for his country. The
price was fixed; a meager sum. A thrifty
artisan would hardly have consented _t,o the
terms. But genius sues for opportunities at
any price, and this production was promised us
for $25,000 ; the largest scene in oil upon the
continent; the subject requiring rare acquire-
ments and experience; the painting calling for
high skill and inspiration; a king had said
a hundred thousand ; a prince as much. A
merchant prince might pay his fifty thousand,
and build a hall to hang the picture in ; yet
"we," the people's Representatives, would
have this work, and for the people, too, at half
its cost, a quarter of its worth or less, because
the artist bound himself by bond, and pawned
his brain and soul, some seven years ago.
The artist since that time has given years
of study and of toil to this great work, reviving
history in act, in each detail, and bringing us
a very likeness of the ship and boat and men,
of lake and skies and flag, of battle and the
smoke thereof. A "picture " to the life just
as it was of that most glorious victory which
cleared our inland seas and made them free
and broke the heart of foreign war, and helped
to bring us peace, and independence real and
well-assured as doubly won and ratified amid
the plaudits of the world. What it has cost
the artist in material, labor, time, we all may
judge ; what thought combines with those en-
during colors, what labor of the mind and
heart has been expended, only men of genius
like his own can tell. But this we know, that
he has given time and mean? to this great
work till he is poor indeed. And even his
homestead where his family were gathered
has gone from him and them while he was
struggling to fulfill his contract and complete
his work. And now he brings it here, worth
many times the price—of value to the nation
beyond all estimate, a glory and an inspiration
for the people; and he humbly asks that _we
may hear his prayer and give him something
to begin again. Sir, I repeat, sucl^ bargains
are not righteously enforced against such
men. As well make contracts touching valuffs
with a maiden whom you win, and wed her on
a written bond with hand and seal, expressing
in some mercenary phrase the value of recip-
rocated love. Even dealers in the mart, as man
and man, when things are dealt in which the
scales cannot weigh nor the yard -stick measure,
nor any calculation estimate, will often rise
above the letter of a bond, awarding to each
other what is right. Can we not do as well?
You say not now. You will not yield. Your
rules forbid; but why enforce such rules against
the right ? Then must you do so in the future ;
for while that picture hangs upon the nation's
temple wall it will appeal to all who see it for
its poor, distressed creator; and the nation
which retains and cherishes his work will not
long deny him equity and see him want.
In confidence the time will come when right
and justice will be done, I add these statements
from authorities on art, which show how "The
Battle of Lake Erie" is esteemed by those
most competent to judge. Watson's Art Jour-
nal of June 1, 1872, says :
Powell's Picture for the Capital, Washington.—
It having been decided by Mr. William H.'Powell
and tho Library Committee of Congress that his great
national picture," The Battle of Lake Erie, ordered
by Congress some five years since, should be com-
pleted at Washington in the great panel for which
it is intended, Mr. Powell opened his studio to a
select company on Saturday afternoon, so that his
work might be seen in New York before its removal
to its place of destination. It was intended that
admission should only be obtained by invitation;
but the fact of the exhibition got bruited abroad,
and long before the appointed hour the door-was
besieged by ladies, and to refuse them admission was
impossible; so no one was denied, and for three
days the people poured in; from two to three
thousand must have passed in and out during that
time. There seemed to be but one opinion among
the uninvited though welcome crowd, and that was
that it was a great picture; that it told the.story
grandly, and that it was an American picture ot
which Americans ought to be proud.
"Amons the distinguished people present we
noticed Marshall 0. Roberts, Benjamin lieid. Rev.
H. W. Bellows, Rev. Samuel Osgood. Dr. Thomas
Ward, David Turner, Samuel B. Ruscgles, Mr. F. B.
Thurston. Charles Toppan, Mr. Walter Schnver,
Mr. Jardine, Mr. Kdward Jardme, Mr. bchenck,
Mr. fc>cbermerhom, Dr. James Peoh, Big*. Agra-
monte, Sig. Martinez, Mr. Mr. Millard, Mr.
Oakley, Daniel Huntington, Mr. Chapin, Charles
Tracey, Louis Engcl, Mr. Denis, Rev. Mr. BAckus,
Signor At bites, J. Jl. Board, Arthur Matthison, Dr.
Carlos, JamesMcCarroK C. tf. Rosenberg, George W.
Iiows> Mr. Bonawitz, T. Addison Richards, Mrs. S.
B. Buggies, Mrs. Dr. Doremus, Mrs, Talboys, Mrs.
Engel, Mrs. Dr. Francis Vinton, (the only surviving
daughter of Commodore Perry,) and other ladies.
" The subject of the great national naval picture,
the execution of whichCongressintrustod to William
H. Powell, was left to the Library Committee and
the artist; and they decided upon the historical
event of our early history, "The Battle of Lake
Erie.' Some of the members wore in favor of illus-
trating one of the brilliant naval achievements of
the (then) recent rebellion ; but the common-sense
view prevailed that as the picture was intended for
the whole nation, no disturbing element should he
perpetuated in it.
" Mr. Powell in his design has departed from the
stereotyped delineation of a naval engagement, in
which human interest is simply implied, the story
being told between ship and ship. It required a
grand inspiration to warrant a departure from the
beaten track to make a personal incident the central
point in asecneso sublime in action, whoso scope
was so great and absoibtug that it must dwarf into
littleness any single action where a thousand inci-
dents were building up one grand result. But Mr.
Powell's genius has preserved "all the grandeur and
importance of the event, and has still dominated it
by a point of human interest, and has told thestory
on canvas as lucidly and as faithfully as it ischron-
iolcd by the pen of the historian.
" The story in brief is, that in the conflict on Lake
Erie there was a time when the American forces
were on the point of defeat. Captain Perry, in the
Lawrence, which was completely hors de combat,
felt it, and saw but one way to redeem the fortunes
of the day, and that was to roach the Niagara,
•which was then bearing up, fresh, and ready for ac-
tion. He determined to risk the enemy's fire-and
board her; and, accompanied by his younger
brother, who begged to go with him, and a chosen
crew, we see hiin on his dangerous way. Perry
stands erect in the boat, pointing to the Niagara on
his left, with his head slightly turned toward his
old frhip, as if giving some parting order., The
ji&ure is superbly drawn, with an air of vitality in
every line. In action it is positive, and we have
rarely seen a finer specimen of manly beauty.
Every part bespeaks power, from the firm, animated
face, through everv limb: and the sentiment of the
whole figure is that of a man who cai* see his duty,
and dare to do it at every risk. His young brother
is clinging to him, earnestly begging him not to ex-
pose himself so rashly to the fire.of the enemy. The
expression of his face, which is as beautitul and
pure as that of an an.^el, is wonderful in its tender,
pleading intensity. It is a face that haunts us, that
we cannot and would not fly from. The action ot
this figure is fully as powerful in its way as that of
Perry, for if Perry represents the heroic type—that
