488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
recent rebellion, under the orders of the late
President Abraham Lincoln.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to add to the bill the following:
Provided, The sum so paid shall bo in full satis-
faction for said services and expenditures.
Mr. MOREY. The committee have adopted
a report in this case made by the Senate com-
mittee, and I ask that it be read.
The report was read.
Mr. KERR. I make the point of order that
this bill contains aii appropriation, and there-
fore must receive its first consideration in
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the bill will accordingly
be referred to the Committee of the Whole
and placed on the Private Calendar.
GEORGE A. ARMKS.
Mr. MOREY also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 3372) author-
izing and directing the Secretary of War to
give to George A. Armes, late captain tenth
United States cavalry, an honorable discharge
to date the 7th day of June, 1870; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of War to give to George A. Armes, late
captain tenth United States cavalry, and
brevet major United States Army, an hon-
orable discharge from the service of the
United States to date June 7, 1870, and pro-
vides that said Armes shall be paid the same
pay and allowances as if he had been dis-
charged under the provisions of the third sec-
tion of an act making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
30, 1871, and for other purposes, approved
July 1, 1870.
Mr. KERR. I ask that the report accom-
panying this bill be read.
The report was read, and states that it
appears from the record of the court-martial
which dismissed Captain Armes that a consid-
erable portion of the testimony relied on was
given by Captain Charles G. Cox, tenth United
States cavalry, who was himself dismissed the
service within two months thereafter, cash-
iered, and sentenced to be fined and confined
in the penitentiary; that this evidence was
contradicted point-blank by another witness,
and that a portion of his evidence is conclu-
sively shown to have been false. That Captain
Armes did not show proper respect for supe-
rior authority is evident, but there is nothing
in the record, so far as can be judged from a
careful examination thereof, that according to
military usage justifies the sentence that was
imposed by the court-martial. The report
further states that it has been shown beyond a
doubt that Captain Armes was a brave and
gallant officer; that he was mentioned in gen-
eral orders by General Cook, of the United
States Army, and congratulated by letter by
Major General W. S. Hancock, and recom-
mended for promotion for energy and gallant
and meritorious conduct on several occasions,
both during the rebellion and the campaign
against the Indians. The action which is
recommended in the bill reported is the low-
est measure of justice which it is believed
should be granted in the case.
Mr. KERR. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman in charge of this bill whether it has any
other purpose than to set aside the result of a
court-martial?
Mr. MOREY. That is the main object of
the bill.
Mr. KERR. And the result of that court-
martial has been approved by the proper Army
officers?
Mr. MOREY. It has.
Mr. KERR. I think that action of this
kind should be taken with very great caution ;
that the case should be very strong to make it
proper for Congress to interpose in this way
and overrule the proper action of the officers
of the Army.
Mr. MOREY. I will state in answer to the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] that the
Committee on Military Affairs take the same
view of such cases as he does ; that in no case
will they recommend the' setting aside of the
verdict of a court-martial that has been
approved, unless a very strong case is showrt.
We have considered this to be such a case.
The record of this officer, both during the war
and since the war, in the campaign against
the Indians has been one of the best and one
of the most gallant on record. He has been
repeatedly favorably noticed both in the gen-
eral orders of his commandant and in letters
from superior officers. The examination of
the case shows evidence of injustice. The
proof relied upon to convict him of the charge
against him was given by two officers of the
same regiment, one of whom is mentioned in
the report, and both of whom were dishonorably
discharged from service in a few months there-
after, upon charges preferred by this very offi-
cer whose restoration is now asked for.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOREY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. MOREY. I am also directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the special order.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs having been under call for one
hour, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
interrupts the call to move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the legislative appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Pending that
motion, I desire to move that all debate on
the pending paragraph be limited to fifteen
minutes.
The SPEAKER. During the morning bout,
when the call of committees was proceeding
very rapidly, the Committee of Claims was
passed, no gentleman representing that com-
mittee being in his seat, there having been a
detention by reason of some mistake in the
clock. The committee desire that they may
have their call when the, call of the Committee
on Military Affairs is concluded. If there be
no objection that order will be made.
Mr. SARGENT. It is understood that the
call otherwise will proceed from where we
leave it this morning.
The SPEAKER. That is the understand-
ing ; and there being no objection, the order
will be made. The Chair, however, begs to
remind gentlemen that the House meets at
twelve o'clock. [Laughter.]
REPORT OF COMMISSIONERS OP CIjAIMS.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Committee of Claims and the commissioners of
claims one thousand extra copies of the late report
of the said commissioners of claims.
GOODSELL, BOUDILLION AND COMPANY.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tire Secretary of the Treasury be
respectfully requested to furnish to the House of
Representatives a copy of merchants' appraisement
of lamb skin or kid gloves imported during the year
1872 by Goodsell, Boudillion & Co., of Boston ; and
also the testimony taken ia Naples, Italy, which
established or_ aided to establish the market value
ofsaid lambskin or so called kid gloves in the said
port of exportation to the United States.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote by
which tire resolution wftS agreed to; and Aho
moved that the motion to feconsidar be laid
on the tabl6.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UTE INDIANS OP COLORADO.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to certain
negotiations with the Ute Indians of Colorado
for the extinguishing of a certain portion of
their reservation made in pursuance of a treaty
concluded March 2, 1868 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
ESTIMATE OP APPROPRIATION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the Honge s communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in relation to
an estimate of am appropriation required to
complete the service of the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1873, and prior years; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
POSTAL CARDS AND STAMPS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Postmaster General, in answer to a
resolution of the House of Representatives of
December 13, 1872, in relation to postal cards
and the contracts and charges for postage
stamps.
Mr. SARGENT. I believe that this docu-
ment relates to an appropriation, and should
be referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. RANDALL, tfo, sir ; it should go to
the Committee, on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. FARIJSWORTH. But I doubt whether
it is necessary to print the document.
Mr. RANDALL. I think it will be useful
for the information of the House; still, let it
be sent to the committee without printing, and
they can ask for the printing of such portions
as in -their discretion may seem necessary.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion to that arrangement, and the document
will be referred to the Committee on the. Post
Office and Post Roads without printing.
BARK JBWESS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of ttie Treasury, in' rcla-
tion to Senate bill No. 1144, granting an
American register to the bark Jewess; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
STOVES FOR THE ARMY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the neces-
sity for an increased appropriation for stoves
for the Army; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
HOME-TRADB TONNAGE.
The SPEAKER also,' by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a res-
olution of the House of December 9, 1872,
submitting a statement of the tonnage of the
United States employed in the home trade on
the 30th day of June, 1872; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
CHARLES AUT0BEES.
The SPEAKER also,"by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in relation to the claim of
Charles Autobees on account of depredations
alleged to have been committed on his prop-
erty by Comanches, Arapahoes, and Chey-
enne Indians ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
