1452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
commence their investigation, and when they
have heard but one portion of the charge and
denial, to wit, that relating to York, and evi-
dence is offered of another portion of the
charge and denial, to wit, the allegation of
bribery, actual or attempted, of other mem-
bers of the Legislature, the committee find
themselves estopped by a technical rule of
evidence by which, 011 account of the phrase-
ulog) of the resolution introduced by the Sen-
ator from Kansas himself, they cannot inquire
into matter equally substantive with that which
they have already inquired into. I do not know,
sir, bat it may be that the Senate will adjourn
without concluding this investigation; but I
would say this on behalf of the Senator from
Kansas, 1 would in his name and as his friend
ask to be delivered from those here who are
arguing that the committee shall be limited in
their action beyond the scope of the accusa-
tion and denial between the accusers and the
Senator from Kansas. It is a wrong to him
so to confine the scope of the inquiry ; and
such was the reason which I gave m the com-
mencement of my remarks before other Sen-
ators had spoken upon this subject for the in-
troduction of the resolution enlarging the
scope ol the inquiry.
Why, sir, it cannot be that the Senator from
Kansas when first stating that he had been
charged with bribing York and others and
then denying with such exceeding earnestness
that he had ever bribed or attempted to bribe
either York or others, intentionally limited his
resolution of inquiry to York only. I will not
believe it of him ; it must have been a mere
oversight in the resolution which he introduced
here so to limit the scope of the inquiry. It
is but just, therefore, that that scope should
be enlarged in accordance with the resolution
which I intended to offer.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask my friend
a question. I wish he would state, for it is
new to me, what he understands the fact to be
in reference to some persons other than York
having made charges. I did not know that
there was any such thing in the case, but I
wish the Senator would state what he refers to.
Mr. FEHRY, of Connecticut. The Senator
from New York cited from the newspaper
press the facts relating to the scene which
took place in the Legislature of Kansas. At
that time and place a member of the Kansas
Legislature by the name of York alleged that
Senator Pomeroy had bribed hiui, York, and
had also bribed or attempted to bribe other
members of the Legislature.
Mr. CONKLING. By name, or merely a
general terra ?
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. A general
charge. Ho did not name them, if I remem-
ber.
Mr. CONKLING. I was not aware even
of that.
Mr. FBItRY, of Connecticut. The Senator
from Kansas here 011 the floor denied both,
and then introduced a resolution of inquiry.
Now the committee find themselves so shack-
eled that they can only make one balf the
inquiry which the circumstances of the case
evidently show ought to be made.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I was not in
the Chamber at the time when the petition was
presented, and am not very well informed in
regard to the drift of this whole investigation ;
but I thipk of one thing I may be very certain,
and I think every Senator on this floor knows
it is true, that if any man had dared insinuate
to the Senator from Kansas ten days ago when
he stood in his place here and demanded an
investigation, "You are afraid of a full invest-
igation; you dare not make it," he would
have resented it as a man of honor should have
reseated it, and would not have allowed men
io suppose he was not ready to look everybody
in the fcice.
It is too late to come here and claim that he
wished, or intended, or desired a limited
investigation. He met these charges boldly
and broadly as to every citizen of the United
States, not Mr. York alone, by any means.
Send for the Globe if you wish to see the Sen-
ator's statement broader and stronger and
more emphatic in its denial than it faUs to the
lot of very many men to be able to make it, on
account of the imperfect use of the English
language. .
He said on that occasion that he denied it,
and he denied not only in regard to the chief
conspirator, but denied as against " all per-
sons whomsoever." The phrase " whomso-
ever" is in the denial. He says further in
that document that he never entered into any
contract whatever in the premises with any
man, and he demanded an investigation touch-
ing the whole case. And now when the com-
mittee have stepped upon the threshold of the
investigation, it will not do for distinguished
Senators to stand up in this presence and before
this country, a country that his the eye of
almost universal citizenship on this Senate,
and seek to limit the inquiry. Investigations
and investigating committee's reports are the
order of this day in the other end of the Capi-
tol ; and to undertake, by the pretext that the
investigation has commenced, to argue that
therefore it ought not to be extended in the
scope of its range, is to say before the country,
" We have got about as much of this as we
thought we could stand, and we concluded we
would not let down the bars." That will be
the verdict of the people of this country.
If we wish to preserve our reputation for
fairness, for honest procedure, we will say, as
the Senator from Kansas said ten days ago.
"I defy not only this one man, but I defy every
man;" and he made the allegation broadly,
" all charges by whomsoever made." Then I
ask for fairness and honor and magnanimity
in dealing with documents; no suppressing,
no covering up, no slurring over, in the Senate
of the United States. Gentlemen undertake to
look at this subject as though there were in-
superable difficulties in getting the witnesses.
They are here, or they are on the way. These
■ men do not seem to write the document pre-
sented to us as though they wished to put off
the case and delay it to the end of the session.
They say they ask that men may be examined
from Kansas, members of the Legislature who
are now here. Sbut the door if you dare
against members of the Kansas Legislature
now here in this city and before your com-
mittee.
They say further in their request, that " we
ask it in behalf of those who have been sum-
moned but I could not have come to that
conclusion by any remark that I have heard
since I entered the Chamber. I did not hear
that members of the Legislature were here and
were ready to go on the stand, and that they
were included under the scope of 1' charges by
whomsoever made but they are here or.they
are summoned, and under these circumstances
I say the Senate of the United States cannot
afford to limit the range of investigation which
was entered upon in reply to a request con-
cluding a denial that was as broad as the
knowledge of universal man, that extended to
the affirmation of not only one witness, but of
all witnesses.
So far as the course of the honorable Sen-
ator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] is concerned, I
do not see by what right, I do not see by what
propriety, he undertakes to ventilate the char-
acter of a private citizen of the United States,
who cannot be heard upon this floor.
Mr. NYE. I will tell you. I say any one
is wanting in the elements of a man who will
become a conspirator to overthrow a pretended
friend. That is why I say it.
Mr. TIPTON. The honorable Senator 
Mr. NYE. This man swore himself that he
did it.
Mr. TIPTON. The honorable Senator has
his opinion in regard to Mr. York, of Kansas,
a man who, perhaps, he or I never saw and
I never heard of before. •
Mr. NYE. I never saw him, and I shall
never court his acquaintance^ [laughter,] be-
cause he comes steeped in crime by his own
confession, and I speak of Mr. York as I would
of any man who will consent to become a pdT-
ticeps criminis to defrauding the people—lie is
ft 1
Mr. TIPTON. I have no doubt that is the
opinion of the Senator from Nevada; but a
few years ago when the honorable Senator
from Connecticut who has just taken his seat
stood np in this Senate and demanded a hear-
ing and an investigation for a citizen of the
State of Connecticut, and when power was
attempted to be arrayed, as I thought, against
that citizen of Connecticut, the Senator from
Connecticut stood up in his place and vindi-
cated the rights of a single absent American
citizen. I therefore will set against the allega-
tions of the Senator from Nevada a letter
written by a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives, J. G. Blair, from the eighth dis-
trict of Missouri, in regard to this Kansas wit-
ness, and I wish you to understand that it is
dated February 4, 1873:
Washington, D. C., February 4,1873.
To the Editor of the Chronicle :
I feel in honor bound to notice the critique^in your
paper of this morning upon Colonel A. M. York, of
Kansas, in connection with the " Pomeroy bribery.'
Colonel York, for a number of years, was a resi-
dent of my district, during which period I became
intimate with him.
He was then, as I presume he is now, a sterling
Republican of untarnished character and unim-
peachable veracity. A gentleman in the highest
sense, he would scorn to engage in an act which
would seemingly reflect upon his character tor in-
tegrity, unless it were in the interest of the public
welfare and public or political morals.
x^o honorable man could accomplish the end he
sought to accomplish without dissembling to some
exten t
He had the honor to fill a Federal office in my dis-
trict, and discharged his duties to the satisfaction
of all.
In years past he and I stood side by side fighting
the battles of the Republican party of Missouri;
Und I cannot let your remarks pass, however mild
they may be, without a vindication of one I so
highly esteem.
As soon would I expect to hear of the rock of
Gibraltar crumbling to dust as to hear of a >acce^-
fnl assault upon the integrity and veracity of Colonel
York.
A sense of duty to an absent friend must oe my
apology for asking the publication of rhi< letter.
Respectfully, J- G. BLAIR,
M. C. Eighth District of Miaaouri.
Of York I know nothing. To me he is n
New Yorker. [Laughter. J But I wish further
to say that there are different views enter-
tained in the country in regard to this man
and the work he has accomplished. The editor
of the Kepublican paper in the city of Omaha
and State of Nebraska, one as high perhaps
in the confidence of his fellow-citizens for
purity of character, for high moral integrity,
and for the general development of what are
in these degenerate days denominated the
manly virtues, discourses thus to his Repub-
lican readers in the State of Nebraska:
"If the reports from Kansas by telegraph are
true, the results of the senatorial election are very
gratifying, provided Mr. Iugalls is clected without
the payment of money. If the trap laid to eutch
Senator Pomeroy was set by honest men, for a
patriotic purpose, then it augurs well for the whole
country. We do not ohject to the work, ho\ve\ei :i
may have been done, because it exposes ra-c.iiiiy
and opens up a fearful system of bargain and Mk-
that mijst, if carried out, corrupt and rum Uj«
country; but if it has been done by clean handc,.
and for a pure purpose, then it is a crown ol glorv
for Mr. York, and those who were engaged with
hira, and all of them have truly earned the gr«i<-
tude of the nation.
" The payment of money in any form to influen- o
elections is criminalin its inception and in its prac-
tice.and is subversive of all the rights and hbt'itieb
of the people. We do not refer to legitimate ex-
penses, of printed documents, and for work whi< h
either party may find it neeessary to do, m cs:m-
paigo-speaking, rent of rooms, use of oam;>gc , A.e.,
but we mean the money which is paid by sc-junart^
to scoundrels for their votes.
" York says Pomeroy paid him $7,000 for his vot**.
He says it was a contract bargain and t-nie. If
true, the Senator is a scoundrel, and the ^ven^t
punUhinent which the Inw knows should be raned
out to him regardless of bis wealth oi position, jiis
State should punish him to the ami the
benate should promptly expel him as unworthy ol a
place in that distinguished body,
"We wish it to be distinctly understood that this
