1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1453
corruption is confined to no party, but that its in-
fluence pervades ail parties, and more or less all
States."
That is the view taken upon the border by
the editor of a respectable journal, and 1 make
reference to it simply for the purpose of
informing the Senator that while he comes in
here and denounces a witness of whom he and
I know nothing except what we have learned
from the public prints rec3ntly, others that
profess to be acquainted with him can at least
give him credit for integrity and await the
issue of an investigation. And now I will
conclude what I have to say by simply refer-
ring to this petition. The Senator from Kan-
sas asked the widest investigation ; and it is
too late now to object to it. The members of
the Kansas Legislature, as I understand, are
in the city—but I had better be explicit. The
petitioner " respectfully requests the Senate to
enlarge the subject-matter of the inquiry of the
special committee so as to receive the state-
ments of certain members of the Legislature
of the State of Kansas who are now here and
others who have been summoned." It is due
to the credit of the Senate this day that the
investigation be allowed to proceed and that
all the members of the Kansas Legislature that
are desired on either side may be examined as
witnesses.
' Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, the immediate
question before the Senate is that raised by
the motion of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] to refer this petition to the select
committee. I can see no necessity for that
reference. That committee have already de-
cided that the resolution under which they are
acting confines their action to an inquiry into
the transaction between Senator Pomeroy and
Senator York, of the Kansas Legislature. A
petition comes before us asking, that their
powers be enlarged so that they may inquire
into the acts of Senator Pomeroy, and we can
all appreciate the delicacy which prompts that
committee to decline making a recommend-
ation upon that subject. There are many of
us here present who certainly can appreciate
the motives which wbuld induce them not to
wish for ail enlargement of their jurisdiction.
They bring the subject before us through this
petition, and we are now asked whether we
will enlarge their jurisdiction.
Mr. President, remembering that I may be
called upon to sit in judgment upon the testi-
mony of this man York and upon the acts of
Senator Pomeroy, as they shall be proven by
that testimony, I shall abstain from uttering
one word which would indicate any opinion
that I may have of either of them. I shall
reserve that until we get the testimony and are
called to act upon it. But, sir, it struck me
that the best way of ascertaining what we ought
to do in the absence of the Senator from Kan-
sas who demanded this investigation, was to
send for his words and see what they are, when
he demanded this investigation of the Senate.
I have them before me, and without reading
them all, I will read enough to give to the Sen-
ate the scope and tenor which he gave to his
demand for this investigation. After stating
the accusations that had been made, he said:
'• In your presence, sir; in the presence of my fel-
low-Senators, and before the country,
deny the truth of each and every charge of bribery
and corruption made by the chief instigator of this
conspiracy, or by whomsoever maue. I deny each
<md everv statement imputing to me any act
sistentwi'rh moral rectitude and corrcet conduct, and
declare all such statements to be totally, absolutely,
^And^'further specifically deny that I
entered into any contract or Kansas
indirectly, with any man (a member of the Kansas
Legislature or not)fora vote in my favor, or that JL
ever, directly or indirectly, paid any individualone
dollar, or any other sum, for his vote for me in the
late senatorial election, om
" I know the pressure of public business, an:dam
mindful of the great labor imposed uponi ever*'Sen-
ator in the closing days and nights ot
Congress. Still X am the subject of such serioua
charges, and shall Bo soon-retire from the
tion of the Senate, that I must now ask,
•md if deemed proper, demand—that a sei,eot«coin
inittee be appointed, with full powers to investigate
fully, thoroughly, and quickly each and every charge
of the above character made, or even insinuated
against me; and that th-e fullest authority be given
them to send for persons and papers, and to compel
the attendance of witnesses, even though they may
be members of a State Legislature now in session;
to the end that an impartial and unbiased jiidgment
of the committee and of the Senate may be reached
while X am yet a member of this body."
Broad as the denial was, broad as the demand
was for an investigation to meet every eharge
or every insinuation that was made, the com-'
mittee now inform us that they find themselves
circumscribed by this resolution to inquire into
the one single act of alleged bribery of Sen-
ator York. Sir, when we were told that the
character of this Seuator demanded such an
investigation, when we were told that the tar-
nished honor of one of our members demanded
this investigation, and when he demoded it
in these broad terms, and we are now informed
that it cannot go on to such an extent as
either to convict or acquit him of all these
charges, would it not be a mockery of the
vindication of our own dignity, or of his own
fame, for us to refuse this investigation ?
Should we not be refusing the very investi-
gation which he demanded ?
I do not know how he would feel. I can
hardly imagine how a man under such circum-
stances could refuse to demand that the invest-
igation be as broad as the eharge which he
himself told us was made ; and in his absence
I shall deem it my duty to him, as well as to
this body, to vote for the extension of the
jurisdiction of the committee, an extension
which, 1 can well understand, they wouid not
demand; so that in the remaining days of the
session they may do all that can be done, not
to inquire into loose charges, not to inquire
into what acts were done by alleged agents or
friends, but to inquire into all the acts done
by this Senator charged with these rumors, so
that the honor of the body of which he is a
member and, if he is falsely charged, his own
honor, may be vindicated by letting us know
what he did do, and, if he is innocent, what
he did not do.
Mr." CONKLING. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I agree entirelyin what
the Senator from Pennsylvania has been say-
ing, and I think there is no Senator who would
disagree with him. I wish, however, to draw
his mind to this : has he considered the effect
of ordering the enlargement of the investiga-
tion without any provision as to the order of
investigation, in connection with the brief rem-
nant of time that remains ? Does he consider
that this proposed enlargement, as far as we
can anticipate, inevitably involves the exhaus-
tion of the remainder of the session with the
evidence on the part of the prosecution, if I
may say so, leaving no time for the defense,
however meritorious or destitute of merit it
may be ?
If my friend will pardon me one moment
further, 1 am quite sure that nobody would
venture, in the absence of the Senator from
Kansas—certainly no friend of his to make
objection to enlarging to the uttermost the
scope of the investigation, provided it can be
kept in such wise that that enlargement will
not be used to defeat the whole eud of the
investigation itself. To illustrate my idea, if
the Senator from Connecticut wouid move his
resolution with a provision that the committee
should proceed first to complete the particular
investigation which it has been ordered to
make, I would vote for the resolution, and i
imagine every Senator wouid vote for it, and,
as the Senator from Pennsylvania says, the
Senator most concerned certainly could not
fail if he is innocent to vote for it. But the
thing which troubles me, the only thing, is
the danger of putting it in the hands, not of
the committee of the Senate, but of those
engaged in introducing witnesses before it, to
monopolize and exhaust the residue of the
session, and leave no possible opportunity tor
this accqsed Senator to make his defense, if
defense he has.
Mr. SCOTT. Not at all underrating. the
difficulties which may surround the committee
in the discharge of their duties, I am en-
tirely willing to confide both the honor of the
body and of the Senator charged to the com-
mittee which the Senate has selected, feeling
that they will make the most of the time which
yet remains; and while I would not be consid-
ered at all as suggesting any mode of pro-
cedure for that committee, especially after
the intimation thrown out by its chairman, as
this investigation does divide itself into two
branches, one the specific charge made by
Senator York, and the other charges that may
be made by other parties, I can see no diffi-
culty whatever, as we are already informed that
the case charged by Senator York has been
laid before the committee, in taking up that
branch of the case upon both sides, and after
having proceeded with that, taking up any other
charges that may be made by any other per-
son. Whether this committee will be able to
get through with all of it or not I do not know ;
but we all feel satisfied that having been
charged with this duty, they should go to the
utmost extent of their ability in prosecuting
the inquiry to a successful termination before
the end of the session, and certainly I shall
not feel that I am discharging my duty, either
to the Senate or to the absent Senator, if I do
not by the enlargement of their jurisdiction put
it in their power to make that honest effort.
Mr. PERRY, of Connecticut. I send up
my resolution to the desk, so that if the motion
to refer should not prevail, the resolution may
be before the Senate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. In consequence
of the remarks of certain Senators around me,
I rise to correct what seems to be a misappre-
hension. The impression here is that Mr.
Pomeroy or his counsel interposed an objec
tion to testimony as not being within the scope
of the power given to the committee. That is
an error. No objection was interposed. The
committee came to a unanimous conclusion,
and gave an extended opinion in writing,
stating the scope of their power to investigate.
I feel it but justice to correct a misapprehen-
sion which, may have arisen on that subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear the
resolution read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The pending question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to
refer.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
resolution read, as that may be satisfactory.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the committee charged with the
investigation of the charges against Hon. fa. 0. rosi-
kkov be directed to inquire into any allegations oi
bribery or corruption by said Hon. d. C. -Pomeiioy
in the recent election for United States Senator by
the Legislature of Kansas.
Mr. SHERMAN. That resolution is a very
different proposition from the proposition
made by the petitioner. The proposition naade
by the petitioner was that this committee
should investigate the sayings and doings of
Mr. Pomeroy's friends and agents. That
would include hall the State ol Kansas, I sup-
pose. To the proposition to confine it to what
the Senator from Kansas did, I have no objec-
tion' . -|
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. 1 he word.3
" friends and agents" are not in the resolu-
tion. , T .
Mr. SHERMAN. That is what I say. I
have no objection, therefore, to withdrawing
the motion to refer and letting the question
be taken on the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator front Ohio withdraws his motion to refer
the communication to the special committee,
and the Senator from Connecticut offers the
resolution which has been reported.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be read again.
The resolution was again read.
