1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
knrollbb bills signed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported tbat they
had examined and found' duly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1028) to amend an act
entitled "An act relating to Members of Con-
gress, heads of Departments, and other offi-
cers of the Government, approved June 11,
1864 ;
An act (H. R. No. 2774) to prevent certain
officers of the United States and Territo-
ries from practicing as attorneys or solicit-
ors in courts of the United States in certain
cases;
An act (H. R. No. 2987) to authorize the
erection of a public building at Evansville,
Indiana; and
An act (H. R. No. 630) in relation to new
trials in the Court of Claims.
leave of absence.
Mr. Bigby, by unanimous consent, obtained
indefinite leave of absence on account of sick-
ness in his family.
Mr. Campbell, by unanimous consent, was
granted indefinite leave of absence on account
of illness, being confined to his room.
credit mobilier.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I am directed
by the select committee to report the follow-
ing resolution.
The clerk read as follows:
Rctolved, That the select committee, pursuant to
the resolution adopted January 6,1873, to inquire as
to the transactions of the association known as the
Credit Mobilier, be authorized, on and aft er Monday
next, to sit during the sessions of the House; and
that the said committee be authorized to employ a
clerk, said clerk to be paid out of the contingent
fund of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe that committee
has a stenographer employed now. It has not
been the practice to allow these committees
to have clerks in addition. I do not object,
but it is not customary.
There was no objection, and the resolution
was adopted.
northern district of pennsylvania.
Mr. SHOEMAKER, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 3234) to pro-
vide for a district and circuit court of the
United States for the northern district of
Pennsylvania ; which, with the accompanying
report, was ordered to be printed and recom-
mitted, not to be brought back by a motion to
reconsider.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move
the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, to take
up the special order.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is
to limit the debate on the pending paragraph
to one minute.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Several gen-
tlemen have asked me to change my motion,
and I now propose to limit the debate to half
an hour.
The motion was agreed to.
The question next reeurred on the motion
to go into committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2991) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1874,
and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House,
debate on the pending paragraph has been
limited to half an hour.
The pending paragraph is as follows:
Bureau of Education: _
For Commissioner of Eduoation, $3,000; chief
clerk, $2,000; one clerk of class four; one statis-
tician, with the compensation of a clerk of class
four; one clerk of class three; one translator, with
the compensation of a clerk of olass three; one clerk
of class two; four copyists, at $900 each; one mes-
senger, at $840; stationery, $1,000; library, $1,000;
current educational periodicals, $250; other current
publications, $225; completing valuable sets of pe-
riodicals and publications in the library, $200; col-
lecting statistics and writing and compiling matter
for annual and special reports, and editing and pub-
lishing circulars of information, $13,000; fuel and
lights, $275; contingencies, $1,2(30; in all, $34,850.
this country. He quotes from the reports of
Mr. Adams, which was sent to the President
in 1840 and 1842, to show that the matter of
an institute of learning—a university—would
lead to a lavish expenditure of public moneys.
He had already explained that the only power
to make an institute was under the paramount
power of Congress over the District of Colum-
bia. When the debate came up on the organ-
ization of such an institute, it was proposed
by the gentleman who obtained the fund, Dr.
Rush, I think, to turn over the funds to the
national institute. That was opposed also;
The pending question is on the following opposed on the ground that it was a doubtful
i™ tVin rrontlomnn fmm execution of the trust. The question whether
amendment, moved by the gentleman from
Minnesota, [Mr. Dunnell:]
Strike out from line twelve hundred and eighteen
to line twelve hundred and twenty-five, inclusive,
and insert the following:
Bureau of Education:
For Commissioner, $3,000; chief clerk. $2,000; one
clerk of class four; one statistician, with the com-
pensation of class four; one librarian, $1,800; one
translator, with the compensation of class three;
one clerk of class three, one clerk of class two, one
clerk of class one, six copyists, at $900 each; super-
intendent of folding-room, $1,200; one messenger, at
$850; one watchman, at $750; and one laborer, at
$720; stationery, $1,000.
Mr. COX. Ajfhen the House adjourned the
day before yesterday the honorable gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] had com;
mended to both sides of the House the debate
on the Smithsonian Institution as affording what
was supposed by himself and by many mem-
bers on that side a most striking illustration
of the power of the Federal Government with
respect to the educational system throughout
the country. I have taken some little pains
to read that debate. I do not think it bears
out the idea which gentlemen seem to enter-
tain upon this subject.
The will of Smithson was a will with a
clause in it, "for the increase and diffusion
of knowledge among men which was inter-
preted to mean the increase of knowledge and
the diffusion of that increase. It was never
intended by the men who accepted the fund
from Smithson, amounting to half a million
dollars and interest for many years, to create
an educational Federal system. In fact the
debate to which I am commended scarcely
refers to the subject of an educational sys-
tem. If the gentleman from Ohio, who says
that that was a debate " which was a debate,"
in which the Adamses and Clays were the men
who participated, will take the pains to read
it, he will see that Mr. Clay was not in Con-
gress at the time. That debate took place in
the year 1844, when he was running for Presi-
dent. At any rate he was not in his seat, if in
the Senate at that time.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The debate began
in 1836. I did not say that Mr. Clay partici-
pated in the debate, but that he participated
in the passage of the law.
Mr. COX. He did not participate in the
debate, so far as I can find. And Mr. Adams
did make a report, in which he favored the
application of the fund to an astronomical
observatory. He did not want it devoted to
education, in the sense of this measure. I
quote from the New American Cyclopedia:
"Among the numerous suggestions made was one
by John Quincy Adams, whicn partially formed the
basis of subsequent action. He recommended the
successive application of the interest of the iund lor
a limited but sufficient term of years, first to one
great purpose of scientific inquiry and then to an-
other. He opposed the employment of the fund, as
others had advised, for educational purposes as
wholly inconsistent with any just construction ot
the terms of the beQuest or with the design ot the
testator."
Mr. Adams proposed to connect it with our
astronomical observatories, kept up properly
and for Federal objects by the Federal Govern-
ment. Mr. Choate proposed to dedicate the
sum to a library, and urged his thoughts in a
speech superlatively grand and elegant for its
conception, style, and expression. In that
speech he refers to Mr. Adams as opposing the
establishment of an educational system m
we had the constitutional right to make a
great educational institute in this country
was incidentally discussed. Mr. Choate says,
in referring to this very matter:
" In reviewing, as I have had occasion to do, the
proceedings of Congress upon this subject hereto-
fore, 1 have received the impression that it had be-
come quite your settled judgment, settled on the
most decisive reasons, that no school, oollege, or
academical establishment should be constituted."
This was a point of expediency rather than
of constitutionality. But in reading his speech
1 further (Writings of Choate, vol. 11, p. 251,
&c.,) it will be seen that this question of
power as to education was before Congress,
' and in one sense argued and reserved, if not
1 denied. In referring to the bill of Mr. Robbins
he quotes one section which forbade the fund to
be given for school, college, university, edu-
cational, or ecclesiastical purposes. Then re-
ferring to Mr. Robbins's "beautiful speech,"
reported in the Appendix of the Congressional
Globe of Jtuiuary, 1839, he quotes from that
speech as follows:
" But as opinions are divided upon this subject—
not. I should hope, as to the great desirableness of
such an establishment, but as to the constitutional
competency of Congress to undertake it—I will not
embarrass my present object by involving it with
that subject."
All the men who debated the question de-
bated it on the ground of Mr. Adams's propo-
sition for an observatory, that the fund should
be expended by our Government in its legiti-
mate sphere. Mr. Choate himself proposed
to connect it with a library in the District,
without dedicating the fund to a general edu-
cational purpose. So it is all through that
debate. The gentleman from Ohio at that
time representing our old State in the Sen-
ate, Senator Tappan, introduced the bill. He
favored a national institute, like the Jardin des
Plantes, for natural history, &c. His colleague
at that time, Senator Allen, at whose feet 1
used to sit in learning Democratic principles,
opposed it on the ground that it was improper
and unconstitutional. How splendidly he
stated the general truth at the foundation of
the Federal strncture:
" But this association in Washington city, finding
a oapital here and a public Treasury here, called
itself a national institute; and in order to legalize
its claim to that pompous title, it asked Congress to
give it a corporate existence by_a solemn law. After
they got associated in the public mind the idea of
its nationality, they succeeded in getting a law
passed giving it a legal existence, and then they be-
gan to enter into the organization and to claim a
part in the administration of the Government. That
institute came here with the very instinct of all cor-
porations, to get its hands into the public Treasury
of the country by a process of induction.
And he went further than this. He said:
" The Constitution did not give us charge of the
mind and genius of the American people. It was
the privilege of a despot, not of a free Government,
to control the mind and direct the genius of the
people ; and he wished to see no institution for that
purpose established in the oapital of the United
States, by which the American people are to think
and read and speak. Gentlemen were mistaken it
they imagined that because such institutions exist
in France and other parts of Europe, they were
doing a service to the American people in under-
taking to pursue the same course in this country, or
under our Government. Our Government is the
creature of the public mind, and not the creator. I n
Europe, where monarohies, crowns, and thrones
sustain themselves by controlling the thoughts ot
the people, it is different; but our Government
stands upon the thoughts of the people and n con-
trolled by them. We have no right to presume that
