1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
42d Cong....3d Sess.
The Battle of Lake Erie—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
heroism which sees no danger where duty points
the way—the boy knows no danger where affection
prompts him to act. These figures represent the
highest types of the noble in action—utter loyalty
to duty, and unselfish devotion to love.
tlTn the delineation of these characteristics Mr.
Powell has been singularly successful. Indeed, we
remember nothing on canvas more high-toned, dig-
nifieurfrank, and loyal, than the man ; or more ten-
der, pure, and beautiful thau the boy.
"Completing this superb group—and truly they
form a fitting setting—is the crew; common men,
brawny and muscular, but partaking in a lower de-
gree ot the high devotion of their leader. They are
wielding their oars with a will, and pay little heed
to the shots that fall around them. They are boldly
and vigorously drawn, not from any stereotyped
model, for each one differs from the other, but with
the characteristics finely preserved, of those 'old
sarts' who, in times gone by, still retained some
flavor of the romance which the popular sentiment,
caught from the poets, had thrown around them.
Bach face is intent, and we feel their hearts are in
their work, and the varied expressions are given
with admirable fidelity. The whole group is finely
conceived, the principal figures standing out boldly,
the other figures subordinate, but supporting.
" The splendid harmony of the coloring impresses
the eye at once; the prosaic nature of the costumes
is overlooked in the rich, harmonious tone which
characterizes the whole of this grand centra) group.
As we have said before, the group conveys a positive
sense of power and harmony, arisiug first from the
free, strong, masterly drawing of the figures, all of
which are posed with the naturalness and freedom
ot spontaneous action—they are doing, and not
standing for a photograph ; and second, from the
strong, but unobtrusive contrasts in color, which
blend up the central figure, placing it in grand re-
lief, but not apart.
" The work on this picture is intended to enduro.
While the manipulation gives the idea of great
breadth of manner, it is at the same time finished
with the greatest minuteness. No part has been
slighted; the painting is solidly honest, each face
and figure having received sis careful finish as a por-
trait to which a conscientious artist would devote
the labor of six months; and in this Mr. Powell has
done more than justice to a very unprofitable com-
mission, and has shown a fine sense of his obligation
to high art.
"The scene of the conflict is delineated with
great accuracy. The facts of the scone, as relates to
the position of the ships at the precise time of the
action represented in the picture, together with
other valuable points of interest, were gleaned by
Mr. Powell from Captain Champlain and other par-
ties, survivors of the war, who were present at the
battle. The picture is simply a series of facts which
the artist, while retaining, has grouped together so
successfully, and with such a powerful grasp of the
heroic elements of the scono, that the eye embraces
at one glance not only the facts but the sentiment
also, it is thus that genius can compress a whole
volume into a single page.
"The details are ali finely drawn; the accuracy
of the shipping, not only as to position, but in form,
rigging, and even in maneuver, is the theme for
admiration to all naval men; while a profound
knowledge of drawing is shown, not only in the
central figures,but in the foreshortening of the doad
body on the dibria of the disabled ship; and in the
drowning man in the foreground. Every detail
evidences careful study combined with inspiration.
The water lines arc boldly and naturally indicated,
and the perfect level of the lake is a point worthy
of admiration. The distant ships are well defined
and sufficiently promineut, and the smoke is so
managed that it docs not cover up everything which
the painter, in many cases, is too lazy to draw.
There is action all over the picture. Perry's boat is
buoyed up by the water, and is rushing through it;
we can almost hear the swash round the prow and
the plash against the floating timber. The Niagara
is coming down, $nd the breeze is making great
vistas in the smoke, through which the atmosphere
permeates on to infinite space. In fact, the picture
is vivid with motion. These adjuncts to the grand
thought, though not finished, are sufficiently forward
to enable us to form an idea of the picture as an
entity; and we feel justified in predicting that when
completed, which will be the work of but two or
three months, Powell's " Battle of Lake Erie " will
be the pride of the Capitol, and will be acknowledged
by artists, amateurs, and the public as the grandest
historical picture ever painted in America, and the
name of the painter will become a household word
throughout the country.
" Besides its grandeur and its sterling merits as a
work of art, its subject, so heroically and compre-
hensively treated by Mr. Powell, will flush the face
and touch the heart of every true American; and
the picture, in the Capitol of the nation, will per-
petually illustrate and point to a great truth—that
while America owns such sons as of old bore her
banner triumphant through the fight, she can hold
the whole continent against the world in arms."
"washington correspondence.
Perry's Victory.
January 10,1873,
A new attraction has been added to the Capitol,
in the historical picture, by Powell, of the " Battle
of Lake Erie," in which Commodore Perry so dis-
tinguished himself, and the result of which he so
tersely summed up in his famous dispatch, scrawled
on the capstan, " we have met the enemv, and they
are ours!'' The picture is hung on the Senate side,
over the stairway leading to the galleries on the
right. The position is mainly good for the picture,
because the pibture has been made to hang in the
X>lace.
The contract for the picture was made in 1866, it
having been ordered by a joint resolution of Con-
gress, and its creation has occupied some five years
of unremitting toil. The compensation for the work
is stipulated at $25,000, which it would seem is a
small sum to pay for so much faithful toil resulting
so happily. If one is to take the expressions of ap-
proval which one hears already uttered of this last
work. Congress would be indorsed in voting such an
additional sum as would come nearer compensating
the genius and skill of the artist than will the sum
named in the contract. It is probably the great
American failing to get everything as cheap as pos-
sible. I say tailing, because while it is ordinarily a
shining virtuewto the prudent and careful in buying,
yet sometimes, as in this case or similar ones, we run
to extremes, and commit the error of dickering in
wares that have no market value, cannot bo quoted
on 'Change, and are not a matter of dollars and
cents. It is a mistake to look upon the best gifts
of God as matters of barter and sale at fixed prices.
First as to the picture. Its dimensions are
twenty by thirty feet, being the largest oil painting
in America. Healy's picture of Daniel Webster
replying to Hayne in the United States Senate,
which hangs in Faneuil Hall, Boston, is next m
size, but falls short of Us proportions some five feet
in the length and nearly thatmuch in width. Ithas
been quite common with oil paintings to use canvas
that is made of several pieces sewed together by
carcful needlework. But it has fre^uenily hap-
pened to such paintings that when they have grown
so loose as to require fresh ' keying up,' or stretch-
ing, the stitching gives way, and such unseemly
cracks are made across the face of the work as to
utterly ruin it. To provide against such a contin-
gency Mr. Powell ordered this canvas of (roupil, of
Paris, to be woven all in one piece, which was
done. The workwas performed in Holland, and the
canvas is of hemp, of a quality which will insure its
preservation for at least three or four hundred
years.
At the time the work was commenced, there wore
but four persons living who were known to have been
active participants in the battle of Lake Brie. They
were Dr. Parsons, 1 ate of lihode Island, deceased some
twenty odd months ago, and who was surgeon of the
Lawrence,Perry'sflagship; Captoin Charaplin, who
commanded the schooner Ariel in the battle, and
who has of late years been a naval paymaster at
Buffalo, but who n,l«o died some eighteen months
since; a Mr, Brownell, of Newport, who was sailing
master of one of the smaller vessels in Perry's fleet,
who is still living; and a man named Fowler, who
had participated in the battle as a common seaman.
Besides careful study and reading of everything that
bore at all upon the subject, the artist availed him-
self as much as he was able of these survivors and
their recollections to enable him to boas nearly his-
torically accurate as possible. In this, both Dr. Par-
sons and Captain Champlin were of signal service.
The doctor was able, for instance, to give him de-
tailed and minute details as to the dress and.appcar-
ance of Perry upon the occasion, as ho was a great
part <jf the time within his view, in a state of rest-
less, energetic activity. ' Continually coming to me/
the doctor said, * to know if I hiid not some wounded
men who could at least pull a rope, or perform some
other such light duty.' And in so saying, the doctor
paints us a picture with the graphic power of plain,
simple words of the bold commodore, flying Either
and thither, personally superintending all things,
now sighting a gun, now carrying back a wounded
man; the next moment issuing hisorders to the whole
fleet, whose every motion he watches with his bright,
burning eye—fighting his fleet, and commanding his
own ship at the same time—doing a dozen things at
once, and doing them all so well, too, that thewhole
world soon rung with the echoes of his fame.
From Captain Champlin our artist -got informa-
tion of the position of the varions vessels of the two
fleets. Tho captain came on to New York during
the progress of the work and found that Mr. Powell
had misplaced the ships, and tho result of six months
work was at once rubbed out, and the vessels were
put on again in their proper order. When this was
done, the gallant captain assured the painter that it
could not have been better done or more accurately
drawn if Mr. Powell had been present at the en-
gagement in person. It was a fortunate thing for
the artist, for us, and for those who will follow us,
that the captain, who has beun pronounced by
Mr. Bancroft, the historian, as exceedingly accurate
and the very best authority of our day while he
lived as to this great battle, lived long enough to aid
Mr. Powell in his work. It is fortunate that we are
able to have everything just as it was instead of
being compelled to rely on the imagination of the
artist.
This Captain Champlin played no unimportant
part in the battle. It, was he who fir^d the first gun,
and it was his good fortune also to fire the last one
of the engagement. He was in command of a small
schooner called the Ariel, and so called bccause of
her fleetness, she being much faster than any other
vessel of the commodore's fleet; and of the British
fleet as well as it turned out. The Chippawa was
the swiftest of the latter fleet, being also a small
schooner, and when the fight was over she slipped
away, hoping to escape. But Perry ordered the
Ariel after her, and at the end of a two hours' sharp
run, a shot from one of Captain Champlin's guns
brought her to; and that was how he came to fire
the last gun.
The picture represents the critical moment of
tho wholo battle. Tho Commodore's flagship, the
Lawrence, had been made the special mark of the
enemy's guns; his crew had beeu cut down to four-
teen men able to do anything, ana his vessel had
become a wreck. She had been named for the gal-
lant Lawrence of the Chesapeake, he who ' never
gave up the ship/ and sbe honored her namesake.
And in the picture we see Perry leaving her, with
his pennant thrown across his shoulders, to and
take possession of the Niagara, a vessel which for
some reason bad been out of the fight all day, save
that she worked-one of her long range guns. Perry
is represented as standing up in the boat, leaving a
word of cheer to those left on the Lawrence, and
telling them that if he can but reach the Niagara
'all will be well.' His brave sailors are watching
their commander for the word which shall send their
boat skimming over the waters. These men are.all
painted from picked men at the Brooklyn navy-
yard, and have fine faces; some bear wounds and
blood upon them, but all are cool and determined,
with faith in their brave leader beaming from every
lineament.
In the boat is also a negro, who is represented as
lifting his hand in fright, while the water is dashed
over him from a ball that shattered his oar before
he had had a chance to use it. This colored man was
llannibal, who, while ho was the commodore's
body-servant was also an accomplished seaman.
When he saw that the commodore's pennant was
hauled down, and that the commodore was about to
try to reach another vessel, ho besought leave to
accompany him, and as he was a good seaman, as I
have said, he was given an oar. By tho side of Perry,
and grasping the lappel of tho commodore's coat,
and with a pleading look in his eyes, is the young
midshipman Alexander, a brother of thecommander.
In those days midshipmen were appointed when
very young, and this boy was but twelve years old.
The fact that a hot fire is being contracted upon the
little boat, as was evidenced by the shot that has
shattered Hannibal's oar, has alarmed tho boy. and
he has sprung to his feet to implore his brother to
sit down, in which position he would be less exposed.
But the commodore' refused to do this until he was
forced to do so by the boat's crew.
The boy Alexander afterward became a lieuten-
ant in our Navy, and lost his life at tho age of twenty-
three, off the South American coast in endeavor-
ing to save the life of a brother offioor who had
fallen overboard. The act was characteristic of tho
Porrys. There was no portrait of the boy in exist-
ence, nothing in the world that would give an ink-
ling as to his appearance. In this dilemma, Mr.
Powell, who desired to preserve some slight likeness,
painted the face of a grandson of the commodore—
theportraifc being that of a young son of Dr. Francis
Vinton, rector ot Trinity Church, New York. The
commodore's face is taken from a portrait by Jar-
vis, painted but a short time after the battle. The
commodore visited New York immediately after his
great victory, and was tendered the freedom of tho
city, and requested to sit for his portrait to Jarvis.
The portrait of Mr. Powell, as seen in this picture, is
pronounced by many to be even better in all respects
than the one by Jarvis. Tho face is the face of a man
of God-like genius, and the grandest, highest cour-
age—a face that beaming on a forlorn hope, would
nerve it to the noblest heroism, and make of it an
irresistible force. It is calm, but full of lofty pur-
pose and strongest determination.
The boat is of the old-fashioned double-banked
sort in vogue in those days, but never seen now,
with the flag in the bow; a heavy, lumbering boat,
broad in the stern, and broad in the bottom. In
1820 it was superseded by tho lighter boats now in
use, which can be propelled through water with
so great a velocity. When this change in the style
of boat was made, and not until then, the flag was
ordered to be carried in the stern instead of at the
bow, which will explain why the flag seems out of
place now. Mr. Powell was anxious to get an ac-
curate picture of the boat as it must have been, and
to this end obtained leave of Commodore BreCze to
ransack tho Brooklyn navy-yard. Here, after a,
long search, when about to give it up, his eye caught
a glimpse of an old broad-bottomed craft almost
entirely hidden by others piled over and around it.
When it was finally dragged forth, it proved to be
tho exact pattern desired, and when the stern was
turned to the light, lol the name of Perry scrawled
<fh it in chalk! Tho artist and the officer accom-
panying him were completely mystified for atime at
the remarkable coincidence, An overhauling of tho
records of the yaid finally developed the fact that
the worm-eaten, double-banked boat originally be-
longed to the old brig Perry, and had by some sin-
gular good fortune been saved from destruction.
Mr. Powell had the old relic repaired and made
seaworthy, and then choosing his men ho manned
her, and got a fair idea of the boat he wished to
paint.
It seems to me that herein lies the great value of
Mr. Powell's picture. It is true to history. While
the drawing and coloring are artistic and unexcep-
tional, the picturo would have been pf but little
value if it had been a production of tho imagination.
