154
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Ho. ow Reps.
Credit Mobilier—Mr, Voorhees.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
And the temptation would have been almost irre-
sistible to any but the true artist to allow the im-
agination some play in producing a work when the
fancy could find so much to feed on. But the pic-
ture is severely simple. There are no flights nor
soarings away from the bare facts, which certainly
are sufficient of themselves in dramatic power.
You are familar with the story of the battle.
If you are not, chances are that you will not
acknowledge it. The brave sailor reached the
Niagara in safety, although his frail boat was more
than once struck by the enemy's round shot. Im-
mediately upon his arrival on board his pennant was
run up, and the heavy fire heretofore concentrated
ui)on the Lawrence was at once directed to the
Niagara. Passing the word along the line to close
up and fight at close quarters, Perry turned the head
of the Niagara toward' the head of the British fleet,
and sailing boldly in between two of the enemy's
heaviest vessels,theDetroitandthe Queen Charlotte,
lie opened fire from both batteries. The Niagara
had not been scratched, and her crew was fresh and
with their ranks undecimated. For half an hour
the fight was a terrific one, and the carnage dread-
ful. Captain Barclay, of the Detroit, who was also
in command of the Btitish fleet, soon had his re-
maining arm carried away, having lost the first
while fighting under Nelson, and was carried below
in such a state of pain, grief, and bewilderment as
we cannot well imagine probably. Captain tfinnis,
of the Queen Charlotte, was killed outright, and
finally his men, seeing the dreadful slaughter going
on, ended it by pulling down their colors. The day
was won.
^ As years pass by the achievement grows more'bril-
liant. How the blood leaps and rushes through one's
veins at the thought of the noble daring and match-
less skill of this great man! There are few examples
in history of such a valorous wresting of victory from
the very jaws of defeat. But the hero did it by the
grand persistence of his ownindomitable will, and by
tbecontagious example of his dauntless courage and
daring.
"We have met the enemy, and they are ours!"
Simple, manly, and brief; the report of the brave
man who had done his duty for his duty's sake, and
needs not to blow his trumpet at his own glorious
achievement.
It is fitting that this glorious American victory
should be so well portrayed and illustrated by an
American artist. Mr. Powell seems to have thrown
as much pure patriotism in his work as honesty and
sRill. One can imagine how he daily lived over the
fight, and as his mind dwelt upon it his brush grew
more skillful, guided by an inspiration of pride in
the land that gave birth to such heroes and deeds.
I said in the beginning that tho picture was an
additional attraction to the Capitol. I go further
and predict that it will prove eventually to be the
most popular painting in the building. Critics may
oarp at it and point out technical defects, (but even
then I beg to differ with them and to admire the
rare artistic skill displayed in it,) but there is that
on tho canvas that speaks to men and thrills them
with its beauty and power. It will live long to
delight a nation that loves to honor the name of
Perry W. J. VANCE.
Credit Mobilier.
SPEECH OF HON. D.W. VOORHEES,
of indiana,
In tub House of Representatives,
February 26, 1873.
The House having under consideration the resolu-
tion to expel Hon. Jamks Bkooks, of New York,
for connection with tho operations of the Credit
Mobilier of America—
Mr. VOORHEES said:
Mr. Speaker : 1 approach the discussion of
this case with an entire absence of that temper
which has to some extent characterized this
debate. So far as I shall participate in it, I
shall do so with an impartial mind and an
earnest desire to arrive at correct conclusions
from the facts. I have no other feeling. I
have tried to divest myself of every other con-
sideration than that which a jurist might have
in the trial of a cause.  
With my limited time on the floor I shall
leave the discussion of jurisdiction where the
report of the Judiciary Committee has placed
it, and in the hands of others who will follow
me. I only desire to say upon that point that
if the doctrines of that report are "atrocious,"
as they were characterized by the distinguished
gentleman'from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
they contain an atrocity in which the wisest
and most powerful minds since the Constitu-
tion of this country was adopted have con-
curred, uniformly and consistently, without a
single exception. The history of the United
States contains not a precedent, against them.
If they are atrocious the parliamentary his-
tory of England for one hundred years has
uniformly indorsed the atrocity, and with all
my high respect for the ability of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, I submit it is not
in his power to brand the unbroken decisions
of a century and the entire history of this
Government with folly and wickedness as he
has attempted. I can only account for his at-
tempt on the ground of a momentary impulse,
an impulse of chagrin that he was defeated in
the argument which he as a member of the
select committee had attempted to sustain.
As to the allusion of the distinguished gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] to the
so-called members of the Judiciary Committee,
I will pass it by with the simple remark that I
did not think it was worthy of him or called
for on the occasion. If he thinks that he has
enhanced his standing before the country at
the expense of ours, let it be so. I pass on
to the case.
Mr. Speaker, this investigation has a pecu-
liar origin. I shall discuss its bearing mainly
on one member of this House. I have not
time to do more. I have been many years
associated in the public service with the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] who is
implicated and sought to be expelled. When,
therefore, I found the testimony bearing on
him it was natural that I should carefully scru-
tinize it. I did so. I have examined it thor-
oughly. The result is my strong conviction
of the entire innocence of the gentleman from
New York. Sir, good character is something.
When a man has lived long in this world and
borne himself so as to win the respect of his
countrymen in all positions of life, and sud-
denly charges of crime are brought against
him, the miud should move slowly and care-
fully in reaching a conclusion of guilt. There
should be no heat, no swiftness of pace to
arrive at conclusions that blight and destroy
him forever.
A character built up by a man more or
less in public life forty years is like one of
the giant oaks of the forest; the roots have
penetrated deep and strong, and while the hur-
ricane may sweep away the decayed timber
and the tender saplings, the oak with the
strength of ages will stand and bid the storm
defiance. So it is with the growth -and
strength of character. When I find the gen-
tleman from New York at sixty years of age,
with almost twenty years of service here, with
as many more years of conspicuous service
beferfe the country in journalism, which as
well as congressional life invites attack and
opensa man's entire character to inspection—
when I find him at that period of life, and
always bearing himself well and honorably,
suddenly assailed with charges of the basest
turpitude, it.becomes me, and it becomes us
all, to judge narrowly and carefully the facts
which inculpate him ; not only that, but he is
entitled to a liberal construction of such facts.
Such would be the rule of evidence in a court
of justice. Courts say in cases of doubt the
value of character will turn the scale. So,
even if doubt has been cast upon the conduct
of the gentleman from New York, he has all
the advantages in this hour of sore trial and
distress which a long, brilliant, and untarn-
ished career can afford him. He can appeal
to a life .of honor and of usefulness against
the torrent of detraction which has beat upon
him for the last three dismal months. That
consolation is his, and it cannot be taken away.
Sir, the distinct charge made in this case
is that Mr. Brooks as a Government director
obtained one hundred and fifty shares of the
Credit Mobilier stock in consideration that he
was to take care of the Democratic side of the
House in matters of legislation affecting the
Union Paciffc railroad. That is the statement.
The witness McComb swears he heard such an
arrangement made between Mr. Brooks and
Mr. John B. Alley. The first natural inquiry
is whether Mr. Brooks carried out os  at-
tempted to carry out his alleged part of this
arrangement. According to the story of the
witness he was bought to do a certain thing,
and bought with a large price. Did he seek
to fulfill the contract? If there is not the
slightest evidence of that, a doubt arises at
once of the truth of the pretended arrange-
ment. I admit that would not be conclusive,
but it would be a circumstance, a very power-
ful circumstance to consider and bear in mind
through the whole case.
If a charge was made that some man had
been paid to assassinate the usually amiable
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] now
sitting near me, would it not be a strong cir-
cumstance to show the falsity of that charge
that, no attempt had been made to assassinate
him ? If a charge was made that some man
had hired a burglar to break into your house,
if your house had not been broken into, or the
attempt made, it would be a circumstance to
disprove the original charge. Now, in the
case we are considering, it is not pretended
for a moment that a single attempt has ever
been made by Mr. Brooks in pursuance of
the alleged agreement between bim and Mr.
Alley. It is not pretended that there is an
item of such proof in existence. Where is
the record showing any act on the part of
Mr. Brooks in pursuance of this corrupt
plan which McComb pretends to have over-
heard? Where do you find a single act of
his inconsistent with his duty as an honor-
able and faithful Representative ? I challenge
the committee, and challenge them in vain, to
produce one. Where is even the attempt?
Not only does the committee submit no proof
of that kind, but as far as Mr. Brooks was
allowed he submitted negative proof, by those
gentlemen who by their relations to the Pacific
railroad business would have been most likely
to be approached by him. He was never before
the Pacific Railroad Committee, never spoke to
a member of that committee on this floor on the
business of that corporation, never attempted
to influence legislation on that subject in the
slightest degree. And yet he is the purchased
and paid attorney of that road, according to the
reasoning and finding of the committee !
I do not impugn anybody here. I shall soon
leave these Halls and leave them forever, never
to seek to return, and it is not my desire to
leave a single wound or unkind feeling rank-
ling in anybody's breast, for I shall take none
away with me. But when the committee urge
us to find guilt here, I must say with all re-
spect, let them bring the proofs of guilt, let us
see where the public has suffered. Let us see
what Wrong, what iniquity, this particular man,
so singled out for sacrifice, has done, or tried
to do. If he has not done evil deeds I protest
against his destruction. Am I asked to find
that he has stood here purchased and paid for
with a high price by grasping, avaricious, hard
men, bribed to do their villainous work, and
that he has done nothing of the kind? That
would be a strange and wonderful relation be-
tween the briber and tho bribed. No hireling
thus bought and paid for would dare thus to
cheat his masters or refuse to do their bidding.
Sir, the presumption would here arise at once
in a court, of justice that Mr. Brooks was not
guilty unless there was other powerful testi-
mony against him. I come to that considera-
tion next.
I said a moment ago that this case bad a
peculiar origin. _ So it has. I will state to
the House precisely how this investigation
originated. A man by the name of McComb
who says he has usually been the holder of
