490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10.
the people are so ignorant that we ought to legislate
for enlightening them. Wearehere to receive their
instructions, not to impart instructions to them. It
is no part of our duty to do so. It is presumption in
us to assume the duty."
These elder Senators held that the Federal
Government should be confined to its proper
province. That province is defined by the grants
of our Constitution. Oar Constitution does
not provide for an educational bureau or sys-
tem ; so that it was not entirely agreed in this
great debate, either by Adams, or Clay, or
Allen, or Tappan, or Buchanan, or Woodbury,
or Walker, who argued this question—giants
all—it was not agreed that this fund should
be made the basis of a great educational sys-
tem for the purpose of increasing and diffus-
ing knowledge among men in connection with
the Federal Government. It never was in-
tended to disturb, or instruct, or override the
State system of education. Never! On the
contrary, the fund was expressly stated to be
a trust fund. The United States accepted the
trust with the fund. It was in the Treasury.
The statesmen of that time tried to disconnect
it from the Government as far as they could.
In this way the Government legitimately be-
came associated with the Smithsonian In-
stitution. No man in this debate—and cer-
tainly not Rufus Choate, from whose speech I
have quoted—undertook to justify an educa-.
tional bureau or institution. They did not
intend to make this the entering wedge to
displace our State educational system. Mr.
Choate expressly urged the practical utility of
the home-made system. He referred to Mas-
sachusetts. He wanted no schools or colleges
by Federal funds and powers to interfere with
his State. The education he wanted, even in
education, was "at the doors of the people!
Do not injure these universities by withdrawing
from them some portion of the patronage for
which they are struggling" 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to call the
attention of the gentleman to the fact, that in
the erection of the building for the Smithson-
ian Institution no money was appropriated
except the interest upon the fund of the
Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. COX. I had not time in five minutes
to refer to all those matters. I merely desired
to answer the challenge thrown out by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellababger. ]
I do this to -show, in conclusion, how we are
aggrandizing Federal power. I denounce the
extraordinary exercise of the military power,
the undue interference with the judiciary, the
enormous powers given to various kinds of
corporate wealth, insurance, banking, railroad
franchises; the everlasting intervention in
local elections, local judiciaries, and local
legislation, and now, as in this bill, the initial
wpdge, which will not only cleave the State
educational institutions, but destroy their effi-
ciency and degrade their superior advantages.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I regret that my
friend from New York [Mr. Cox] regarded
what I said as a challenge. On the contrary,
I desired and really hoped that he would agree
with me. I am very glad of the very kind,
frank, and proper method in which my friend
has discussed this matter of the origin of the
Smithsonian Institution, and I would like to
imitate his example.
Now let me say at the outset that I did not
say that it was within the power or within the
province of the Government of the United
States to organize a system of general educa-
tion for the people of the United States. I
said nothing of the kind, and I did not claim
that the reported debate which I referred to on
the Smithsonian Institute shows anything of
the kind. I made ho such claim. I did say,
what I now repeat, that there was a sphere
relating to and including the diffusion of
knowledge among men that the Federal Gov-
ernment ought to take cognizance of, and that
it was one of the highest duties of the Gov-
ernment to take cognizance of. That is what
I said, and that is what I repeat now, and
that is what the Smithsonian bill asserted it
the right and duty of the United States to do.
I cannot, of course, in five or even in ten
minutes undertake to state where the boundary
is between that sphere which the Federal Gov-
ernment should take charge of and that where
the States have exclusive control. But let me
say that my friend from New York [Mr. Cox]
has not been as fortunate as usual in his refer-
ence to the Smithsonian debate. In the first
place, he begins long after its origin. The act
that created, first asserted the power and duty
of the United States to make that institute,
was that of July 1, 1836, when we accepted
the trust and undertook to execute it. At
that time the Clays and Websters were in Con-
gress and took part in laying the foundations
of that great national institution. The de-
bate ran on from year to year until the year
when they finally passed the measure, two
years after Rufus Choate made the celebrated
speech from which my friend has quoted.
Now, then, in that debate—and I called it a
great debate, but spoke by the recollections
of my youth, for I had not read it since—
through all those years I undertake to say that
no man who ever spoke in favor of the meas-
ure or who voted for it, and Adams, Bell,
Giddings, Ingersoll, Owen, S. A. Douglas so
voted—failed to claim the identical authority
asserted by the measure now before the House.
It is this extent that the Government of the
United States may take some care about the
cause of science and of general enlightenment.
It may do so in that sense and extent expressed
in the will, the will of Smithson, so as to
secure the increase and diffusion of knowledge
among men in the large and international
sense.
My friend has been again unfortunate, for
he will find in Mr. Adams's reports made in
1836, and I think also in 1840, if I remember
the date correctly, that Mr. Adams, with ex-
ceeding fullness, lays down the ground which
he took in voting as he did for the creation of
the Smithsonian Institute, and in his message
to Congress which I shall quote. In that de-
bate Mr. Adams differed with the chairman of
the select committee, and sought to make it a
national observatory, or something of that
kind; but his amendment failed, and the
Smithsonian Institute was made what it was.
But all through that debate he alleged the
power of Congress to do what his message to
Congress had urged, that is, aid in the cause
of knowledge and science ; and in that debate
he declared his agency in creating by act of
the United States the National Observatory
was the proudest act of his life.
Now, one word further in regard to the
opinions of Mr. Adams. Let me commend to
my friend an extract from the message of Mr.
Adams to the Congress of the United States.
Let us see how that harmonizes with my
friend's interpretation of the position of the
Adamses. After stating what other Govern-
ments had done in behalf of science in its
highest senses, Mr. Adams says:
" It would be honorable to our country if the
sequel of the same experiments should be counte-
nanced by the patronage of our Government as they
have hitherto been by those of France and Great
Britain."
N ow mark what follows:
"Connected with the establishment of a university,
or separate from it, might be undertaken the erec-
tion of an astronomical observatory, with provisions
for the support of an astronomer, to be in constant
attendance of observation upon the phenomena of
the heavens, and for the periodioal publication of
his observations. It is with no feeling of pride as
an American that the remark may be made that on
the comparatively small territorial surface of Eu-
rope there are existing upward of one hundred and
thirty of these light-houses of the skies; while
throughout the whole American hemisphere there
is not one. If we reflect a moment upon the dis-
coveries which in the last four centuries have been
made in the physical constitution of the universe,
by the means of these buildings, and of observers
stationed in them, shall we doubt of their usefulness
to every nation? And while scarcely a year passes
over our heads without bringing some new astronom-
ical discovery to light, which we must fain receive at
second-hand from Europe, are we not cutting our-
selves off from the means of returning light for light,
while we have neither observatory nor observer upon
our half of the globe, and the earth revolves in per-
petual darkness to our unsearching eyes ? "
I now add to Mr. Adams from the other
fathers and commend them to those on the
other side who tell us we depart from the pre-
cepts of the fathers. I begin with the father.
I take first from the very first message to the
Congress of the United States. It is a strange
coincidence which there is in the fact that the
day of this new attack on the very sources of
knowledge was the anniversary of the day it
was first forever consecrated in the love of
the people, the 8th of January, 1790. Here
are the words of Washington:
"Nor am I less persuaded that you will agree with
me in opinion that there is nothing which can bet-
ter deserve your patronage than the promotion of
science and literature. Knowledge is in every coun-
try the surest basis of public happiness. In one in
which the measures of Government receive their im-
pressions so immediately from the sense of the com-
munity as in ours it is proportionably essential. To
the security of a free Constitution it contributes in
various ways : by convincing those who are intrusted
with the public administration that every valuable
end of government is best answered by the enlight-
ened confidence of the people, and by teaching the
people themselves to know and to value their own
rights; to discern and provide against invasion of
them; to distinguish between oppression and the
necessary exercise of lawful authority, between
burdens proceeding from a disregard of their con-
veniences and those resulting from the inevitable
exigencies of society; to discriminate the spirit of
liberty from that of licentiousness, cherishing the
first, avoiding the last, and uniting a speedy but
temperate vigilance against encroachments with an
inviolable respect to the laws.
" Whether this desirable object will be best pro-
moted by affording aids to seminaries of learning
already established, by the institution of a national
university, or by other expedients, will be well wor-
thy of a place in the deliberations of the Legisla-
ture."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I add from the last
message of the first President:
" I have therefore proposed to the consideration
of Congress the expediency of establishing a na-
tional university, and also a military academy. The
desirableness of both these institutions has so con-
stantly increased with every new view I have taken
on the subject, that I cannot omit the opportunity
of once for all recalling your attention to them.
" The assembly to which I address myself is too
enlightened not to be fully sensible how such a flour-
ishing state of the arts and sciences contribute to
national prosperity and reputation.
" True it is that our country, much to its honor,
contains many seminaries of learning highly re-
speotable and useful; but the funds upon which they
rest are too narrow to comihand the ablest profes-
sors in the different departments of liberal knowl-
edge for the institutions contemplated, though they
would be excellent auxiliaries.
" Among the motives to such an institution, the
assimilation of the principles, opinions, and man-
ners of our countrymen by the common education
of a portion of our youth from every quarter well
deserves attention. The more homogeneous our
citizens can be made in these particulars the greater
will be our prospect of permanent union; and a
primary object of such a national institution should
be the education of our youth in the science of
government. In a republic, what species of knowl-
edge oan be equally important? And what duty
more pressing on its Legislature than to patronize a
plan for communicating it to those who are to be the
future guardians of the liberties of the country."
Mr. Chairman, I take from the urgent appeal
to Congress, made 3d January, 1810, by him
who, owing to his great part in making the
Constitution, is rightly called its" father. In
his message of that day he says:
"While it is universally admitted that a well
instructed people alone can be permanently a free
people, and while it is evident that the means of
diffusing and improving useful knowledge form so
small a proportion of the expenditures for national
purposes, I cannot presume it to be unseasonable to
invite your attention to the advantages of super-
adding to the means of education provided by the
several States a seminary of learning instituted by
the national legislature within the limits of their
exclusive jurisdiction, the expense of which might
be defrayed or reimbursed out of the vacant grounds
which have accrued to the nation within those
limits.
"Such an institution, though loeal in its legal
character, would be universal in its beneficial effects.
By enlightening the opinions, by expanding the pa-
triotism, and by assimulating the principles, the
sentiments, and the manners of those who might
resort to this temple of science, to be redistributed
