1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1455
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Tyner in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 3921) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Governmentfor thefiscal
year ending June 30, 1874, and for other pur-
poses. ■
The pending paragraph was as follows:
For the introduction of shad into the waters of
the Pacific States, the Gulf States, and of the Mis-
sissippi valley, and of salmon, white-fish, and other
useful food-fishes, into the waters of the United
states to which they are best adapted, $17,500, to be
expended under the direction of the United States
commissioner of fish and fisheries.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. 1 move to amend
by striking out this paragraph. I wish to make
a few remarks in reference to this fishery
question, which the committee will observe
is getting to be a very important one. It is
steadily growing in magnitude. Two years
ago, when the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] first introduced the proposition
for the appointment of a commissioner of fish,
$1,000 I believe was all that was asked in
the form of an appropriation. The object of
that appropriation was stated to be to enable
such individual as the President might desig-
nate as a commissioner of fish to examine
and report upon the causes of the decrease of
fish. That report was presented, and the next
year several additional thousand dollars were
appropriated ; and now in this bill there is an
appropriation of $'21,000, besides, I think, an
appropriation contained in the deficiency bill,
though I am not certain about that. Thus the
business of this commissioner of fish is fast
growing into a bureau or perhaps a depart-
ment of the Government, with all the usual
clerks and paraphernalia. This is a subject
that nobody in the House, so far as I have
ever heard, knows anything about. I believe
there is no one here that can appreciate any
good which the establishment of this fishing
bureau has done to the people of the United
States. I do not know that it is any part of
the business of the Government of the United
States either to go fishing, or to plant fish in
the various rivers and lakes of the country.
I know that the Government does ' 'go fishing''
very often. I have often heard of the Gov-
ernment " going fishing " during the last year
or two, but I am not aware that it is any part
of the duty of the Government; and I am not
aware that it is the business of the people of
the United States to be taxed to pay for mat-
ters of this sort.
I do not quite see how the Government of
the United States isgoing to interfere with the
police of the various rivers and lakes of the
country for the purpose of protecting the fish
after they are planted. I know that fish eggs
are now being imported into the United States
from some other part of the world—perhaps
from the river Ganges, where they have'' sacred
fish." But, now that the franking privilege is
abolished, I do not see how members are going
to distribute these eggs to their constituents ;
they will have to pay postage on the eggs. I
do not know whether these eggs, like the seeds
which used to be imported, are to be cooked
at the Department of Agriculture, for the pur-
pose of testing their quality, or whether they are
really to be planted.
Mr. Chairman, it does strike me in all
seriousness that the creation of these various
bureaus of the Government, starting as this
did with an appropriation of $1,000, and re-
quiring in two years $21,000, with a prospect
of indefinite growth, is not the legitimate busi-
ness of the Government of the United States.
We might as well establish a bureau of shoe-
making, a bureau of potatoes, a bureau of
fowls. " We might as well establish a bureau
of beef; for beef is more important than fish.
More people in the United States are engaged
in providing or using beef than those who are
interested in fish. We might as well establish
a commission upon the horse disease, bettor
indeed; for it is more important that we
should understand how to eradicate such dis-
eases than that we should promote the cultiva-
tion of fish. It is not a part of the legitimate
duty of the Government to engage in this
business.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
in response to the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnsworth] that there has not been
established on this subject a bureau with an
array of clerks. An officer of the Smithsonian
Institution has been charged with some special
duties; and the Government has made an ap-
propriation to carry out its purpose in that
regard.
This year the committee have cut down by
one half the amount appropriated for the
inquiry concerning the decrease of food-fishes
on our coasts, and have put the difference on
the other items to provide for the introduction
of food-fishes into the waters of our rivers.
If any one will take the trouble to read the
report, the partial report to the House which
the commissioner has already made on it, he
can hardly fail to be startled and surprised by
the valuable information there contained con-
cerning the progress he has, already made in
the matter intrusted to his charge.
Several gentlemen here are more familiar
with the details of that report than I am, but
so far as the criticisms of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Famsworth] are concerned
they are just as valid against the distribution
of seeds through the Agricultural Department
as they are against the distribution of eggs of
fish to stock the waters of our rivers.' Nearly
all the States on the borders of our great ;
rivers have provided methods of preserving
fish. Before they had made such provision
by the building of dams and other obstruc-
tions in the rivers, nearly all of our best food
fishes have been destroyed or partially de-
stroyed in the waters of these rivers. Now
that several States have undertaken to remove
obstacles, there is no general arrangement
for stocking these rivers and attending to the
preservation of the fishes on our coast except
that made by the General Government. Two
years ago this object was provided for. Last
year it was appropriated for ; and this year
we are continuing to carry out the recom-
mendations of a previous Congress.
I surrender the balance of my time to the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Fiite,] and I
hope also he will be allowed time in his own
right. Meanwhile I call the attention of mem-
bers to the report No. 86, the preliminary
report on the subject.
Mr. FRYE. 1 do not blame the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] for express-
ing on his own part profound ignorance about
this matter of fish. The gentleman went down
to the coast of Maine last fall to fish, and from
the catch he made I judge he was quite cor-
rect in stating that he was ignorant of the
whole matter of fishing. [Laughter.]
For my own part I admit that I have some
ignorance on the subject. Still I have exam-
ined this matter. I belong to a sporting club
which has made it a study; and I say here in
the presence of this House that there is no
appropriation in the appropriation bill now
under consideration by this committee of more
importance than this sum appropriated for the
breeding of food fishes. And 1 will say fur-
ther that there was no appropriation in the
last Congress which paid the same proportion
ate return to the Government of the United
States as that appropriation of $15,000 did.
Just look at the facts for-a moment. What
became of the $15,000 appropriated ? Pro-
fessor Baird only got charge of it on the 1st
of July last year. He put $6,000 of that
money in the hands of the fishing commis-
sioner of Maine. That fishing commissioner
went down to the eastern waters of Maine.
He purchased six hundred live salmon, lie
yarded those live salmon for four months,
keeping them in a pond until they became ripe.
Then he took from the females their eggs and
from the males their milt, and impregnated the
eggs to the number of fifteen hundred thousand,
worth in the markets of the world then $60,000
in gold. One half;of all that product belonged
by virtue of the contract to the United States
of America, and the value of that one half,
according to the price demanded for them at
Ontario, in Canada, was $30,000; which was
the return for the $6,000 invested.
Again, the Professor sent to Germany to
purchase eggs of the salmon, and Germany, in
delicate recognition of the ftiendly spirit of
America, presented him with two hundred and
fifty thousand. He bought five hundred thou-
sand more, and the whole number arrived
safely at New York last week.
Again, the commissioner sent Seth Green
across the continent to the waters of the
Pacific to get eggs there. The salmon there
breed in September. He was late in arriving,
and ouly got twenty or thirty thousand eggs.
Those eggs were impregnated and hatched,
and to-day are in the waters of this country,
and will bring their burden of wealth to our
people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FRYE. I move to amend by reducing
the appropriation $1,000.
Further, sir, the commissioner sent mil-
lions of shad from the eastern coast to the
western, and had them put into the rivers and
the lakes of the West. And it is no new
experiment this, no untried theory, that the
Mississippi, the Missouri, the rivers emptying
into them, the rivers emptying into the Gulf
of Mexico, may be made literally full of these
delicious fish. It was tried years ago on a
limited scale and the experiment succeeded.
And in ten years from to-day, with proper
care and recognition on the part of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, these mighty
waters washing a dozen States m the great
West may be literally full of shad; so that
whereas to-day the people have to pay twenty-
five cents a pound for them, they will be
enabled to purchase them for one cent a pound
and they will be a drug in the market. S^had
are the natural inhabitants of every river on
the Atlantic coast, and fifty years ago every
river, from the St. John's in Florida to the
Penobscot in Maine, was literally full of this
delicious fish for the people, while to-day there
is hardly a shad to be found in any of those
rivers, except the Delaware, the Potomac, the
Hudson, and the Connecticut.
Why, sir, look at the Connecticut river; it
used to be literally full of these fish, but
destruction commenced and continued until
finally the shad were reduced in number, so
that they commanded twenty-five to thirty cerils
per pound. The poor people living there could
not use them ; they were a luxury for the rich.
A few years ago Seth Green went toHadley
Falls and established hatching houses. In
1869 he had hatched fifty million shad up
there. In 1871 he had hatched seventy-one
millions, and in 1872 these fishes were return-
ing from the sea in immense numbers, and
shad on the Connecticut river were a drug and
sold for five cents per pound. To a certain
extent the same is true of the Hudson.
Now, sir, why should the Government be
called upon to help the States in this matter?
Not only Maine, but New York, New Hamp-
shire, Vermont, California, and other States,
have taken action in regard to this matter.
In California there are six hundred square
miles of lakes, one hundred rivers entering
from the western slope into the Pacific ocean,
and hundreds more emptying into the Sacra-
mento and St* Joaquin, and it is proved con-
clusively that those lakes and rivers are of
more value in the breeding of food, acre by
acre, than even'the rich and beautiful lands
of California itself, But the United States
must recognize and help this work because
here are rivers running through a dozen States;
