1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Voorhees.
Ho. of Reps.
from eight hundred to a thousand shares of
this stock, and which he describes as a fraud-
ulent stock issued by a company organized to
cover up individual responsibility, sued the
Company more than five years ago to get three
hundred and seventy-five additional shares of
this bad stock. He had a good deal of it;
shows that it was a fraud, but wanted more.
He sued for it in the supreme court of Penn-
sylvania. The resistance of the company to
issuing this stock to him gave rise to this in-
vestigation. This is the status of McComb in
relation to the Credit Mobilier. Before the
committee, as I -have already stated, he testified
that he heard Mr. Brooks urge Mr. Alley to
give him fifty more shares, having one hundred
already, and that he would take care of the
Democratic side of the House.
Is it not very important to find when that
conversation took place ? Certainly it could
not have occurred after the Credit Mobilier
Company had issued those very fifty shares
which the committee find were issued to Mr.
Brooks. The committee find, in accordance
with McComb's testimony, that Mr. Brooks
wanted these additional fifty shares. I call
the attention of the members of this House to
what McComb swears. Turn to page 11 of his
testimony, and you will find that he swears
that this conversation which he professes to
have heard between Mr. Alley and Mr. Brooks,
and on which the committee has based its
finding, took place in the fall of 1868! Read
what he says and remember it well, for it is
conclusive against the truth of his statement.-
Sir, those very fifty shares which he says
Brooks was trying to obtain had been issued,
as all the evidence shows, in December, 1867.
Understand me ; McComb says that in the fall
o'f 1868 Brooks was striving to obtain ad-
ditional shares of this stock, and yet on the
12th of December, 18C7, these shares stood in
the name of Charles H. Neilson on the books
of the company, and on the 26th of December,
1867, certificates had been issued to Charles H.
Neilson forthem. Nearly oneyear after these
fifty shares that we are now discussing had
been issued to Charles H. Neilson, this witness
says Mr. Brooks was dogging Mr. Alley to
obtain their issuance to him ; and yet the com-
mittee find that Mr. Brooks was the owner of
them all the time under cover of the name of
Neilson. According to the finding of the
committee, and the testimony of McComb, Mr.
Brooks was trying to have his own stock is-
sued to him again. In a court of justice such
a fact as this would be conclusive against Mc-
Comb as a witness. He would be broken
down and a jury would find-over his testimony.
Sir, is this man thus contradicted to be be-
lieved as against all the other witnesses in
this case? Is his word to be taken in the
place of all others?
Mr. POLAND. Has the gentleman read
all the testimony of McComb ?
Mr. VOORHEES. I have, and I have
stated just what he says in that testimony. I
ask pardon of gentlemen ; but I have only a
few minutes and prefer not to be interrupted.
The distinguished gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Poland] has the close of the debate,
and yesterday he had an hour and a half.
Here is McComb's testimony :
"Answer. All I know in regard to Mr. Brooks's
receiving any of this stock is this: I saw Mr.
Brooks and Mr. Alley together several times, and
heard Mr. Brooks pressing Mr. Alley to let him have
fifty shares of the Credit Mobilier stock, and I heard
him say to Mr. Alley that if he would accord him
that privilege and give him the stock, he would take
care of the Democratic side of the House. Mr.
Brooks was at that time either a Government
director, or said ho would have himself made a
Government director of the Union Pacific railroad.
I overheard such conversation between Mr. Brooks
and Mr. Alley on several occasions. Mr. Alley
finally consented to give him fifty shares of that
stock, and it was transferred to Mr. Brooks, or to his
son-in-law, Neilson. I do not know precisely when
the transfer was made. Mr. Alley gave his pledge
that Mr. Brooks should have the fifty shares.
" Question. What is Mr. Neilson's full name ?
"Answer. Charles H. Neilson, I think. That was
along in the fall of 1868.
" Question. It was subsequent to these letters that
you have produced ?
"Answer. Oh, yes."
This fixes the date of the conversation be-
tween Alley and Brooks. He says it was in
the fall of 1868. He also says it was subse-
quent to the letters of Mr. Ames which he had
just produced before the committee. Those
letters are both dated in January, 1868, after
the stock had been issued to Neilson and stood
in his name, both on the books of the com-
pany and in the courts of the country. And
yet it was subsequent to them that McComb
swears he heard this corrupt arrangement be-
tween Alley and Brooks. It is simply impos-
sible for his statement to be true.
But I come now to consider the testimony
of McComb not merely as contradicting itself,
but as it stands contradicted by the oaths of
other men. When one oath is to be weighed
againstanother, then weare to look at the sur-
roundingsof the different witnesses. Letussee
who contradict McComb, and whether under
the circumstances he is more to be believed
than they are. John B. Alley swears that he
never had such a conversation with Mr.
Brooks, or anything like it, and that the entire
statement'of McComb is false; that Brooks
'never asked for this stock, and being intimate
with the affairs of the Credit Mobilier Com-
pany, he swears that Brooks never to his
knowledge owned a dollar of stock in it. (See
his evidence, page 7.5.) Neilson was one of
the stockholders in the company when the suit
was brought in Pennsylvania more than five
years ago.
Now, which are we to believe, McComb
or John B. Alley? One or the other swears
falsely. There is no middle ground. Some
gentlemen here know John B. Alley. I know
it is popular just now to joiu in a hue and cry
against him. I knew him, however, in this
House for years, and I never heard the faintest
breath of suspicion taint his name. He may
be a bad man, but no one ever heard of it; he
may have committed perjury, but I do not be-
lieve it on the testimony of McComb. It must
take more than that to break down a man of the
long and high business standing of John B.
Alley. I cannot take the oath of McComb
against his. Let us see, however, who is best
corroborated. I call Mr. Oakes Ames next.
He swears from intimate knowledge of the
affairs of the Credit Mobilier Company, and
says that James Brooks never owned stock in
it. Oakes Ames, it is said, is under a cloud,
but I believe their is one virtue which all the
world accords to him in this transaction: the
virtue of truth. Public opinion, in its fiercest
mood, concedes that he has told no lies. What-
ever any one may think of his transactions,
I believe nobody denies that his character for
veracity stands unquestioned in this terrible
ordeal of his life. What object, too, could he
have in shielding Jambs Brooks ? Mr. Brooks
is his political opponent. He did not shield
his political friends, he did not spare the lead-
ing men of his own party.
If he would not cover up the facts for them,
why should he cover them up for Mr. Broo ks ?
Could Mr. Brooks have been this heavy holder
of stock in a fraudulent manner and Mr. Ames
not have known it, and Mr. John B. Alley
not have known it?
Again, Mr. Thomas C. Durant, not a very
friendly witness toward Mr. Brooks, swears
that the hundred shares were transferred by
himself to Mr. Neilson and not to Mr. Brooks,
and that the stock and bonds of the Union
Pacific railway was likewise transferred to
Neilson and not to Brooks. See his testi-
mony before the Wilson committee, page 82.
The evidence accumulates on this point.
Who is Benjamin F. Ham ? He is the assist-
ant secretary of the Credit Mobilier Company,
and an auditor of the Union Pacific railroad,
the keeper of the books. He states that he
never knew or thought of James Brooks as
the holder of this stock, on the contrary that
he knew Charles H. Neilson as such holder;
see his testimony page 132. And so with Sid-
ney Dillon. Who is he ? The President of
this company. Is not his evidence necessarily
valuable ? He never knew that Mr. Brooks
owned this stock or had any interest in it. Is
it possible for this House to find against evi-
dence like this. Mr. Brooks is entitled to
have all reasonable doubt of his guilt removed
by the evidence before he i-i condemned. The
punishment recommended by the committee
is worse than death. The issues here are far
more than life or death to th;it sick and feeble
man. Shall we ignore all the rules of law
and evidence to strike him to the earth ? For
one I will not.
Not only, however, do these men speak on
this subject. There are other witnesses that
speak in stronger tones than merely parol
testimony. More than five years ago McComb
sought to enforce his rights to the additional
shares to which he said he was entitled. How
was he to do it? He sued the company ; he sued
the stockholders. Who, five years ago, were
the stockholders? I hold here in ray hand an
exhibit from the supreme court of Pennsyl-
vania in which it is shown that on the 12th
day of December, 1867, Charles H. Neilson
was the holder of the one hundred and fifty
shares involved in this investigation. There
is a weighty fact that cannot be evaded ; it lies
like a granite bowlder in your path, and you
cannot move it. That date, the 12th day of
December, 1867, is a fact around which other
facts must revolve. It was a fact fixed, too, at
a time when there was no excitement, when
there was no motive for misstatement., and
before Mr. Brooks had acted as a director at
all. The appointment had been tendered to
him at that time; but he did not accept it or
act as such, nor is it pretended that he did
until the January following.
Not only is that so, but McComb swears
even now that the defendants in that suit are
the stockholders of the company, that the de-
fendants to-day are the same that they were in
December 1867. (See his testimony, page 3.)
He pretends now, by virtue of this conversa-
tion that he says he heard between Alley and
Brooks, that he has known for nearly five
years that Brooks was the real owner of that
stock; that Neilson was a fraud, a sham, a
mere cover, and yet the suit has proceeded all
the time in the face of his pretended know-
ledge against this fraud, this sham, without
any movement in that court to substitute the
real owner for the pretended and the fraudu-
lent owner. He knows that to-day, he says,
as he has for the last five years. Why has he
not long ago made James Brooks a party de-
fendant in the place of Charles H. Neilson?
Brooks's ownershsp could in that way be tried
fairly and fully in a court of justice. Why has
it not been done any time in the lastfive years;
any time since McComb dates the corrupt con-
versation between Alley and Brooks?
Sir, upon the question of a preponderance
of the evidence between McComb on the one
hand and the witnesses and proofs that I have
cited on the other, there is not a jury beneath
the sun that would hesitate as to its verdict.
His testimony would be scouted from any
court-room where civilized jurisprudence pre-
vails. But in a matter like that now under
consideration, the evidence should not only
preponderate against the accused', but it should
leave no doubt at all of his guilt. The honor
of the gentleman from New York is dearer to
