156
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Ho, of Reps.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Voorhees.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
him than his life, and that is what he is here
defending. A preponderance of evidence is
sufficient when the mere material objects of
this world, acres of land or herds of cattle, are
in litigation; but where the higher questions of
life or liberty or honor are involved, then the
evidence must be of a far more conclusive and
prevailing character.
The evidence before us and upon which I
have been commenting, not merely raises a
doubt whether we should proceed to the ex-
tremity proposed against the gentleman from
New York, but it preponderates so much in
his favor that he would be entitled to a verdict
if the matter was simply one involving dollars
and cents.
There is to me something revolting in the
ease with which some minds arrive at fatal
conclusions against their fellow-men. In this
transaction as it now stands, in order to agree
with the committee we not only have to land
Mr. James Brooks, after a long and honored
life, the guilty and corrupt agent upon this
floor of railroads and speculating companies,
but we must further find him guilty of willful
and deliberate perjury; we must find hia son-
in-law, Charles H. Neilson, guilty of perjury ;
we must find Mr. Oakes Ames guilty of the
same crime; we must find that John B. Alley
has sworn falsely ; we must find that Ham has
committed the same felony; we must find
Dillon either guilty of perjury or of entire
ignorance of the matters of the company of
which he was president; we must find that a
solemn record of a high court made a month
before Mr. Brooks entered the office of Gov-
ernment director of the Pacific railroad and
showing Neilson as the owner of this stock,
amounts to nothing and proves nothing. I
cannot so find. I impute nothing wrong to
gentlemen who differ with me. It may be the
habit of my mind to find excuses and to go
slowly in reaching conclusions against my
fellow-men; but in this matter, upon this
proof, my mind absolutely recoils from the
conclusions to which the distinguished com-
mittee has arrived. ■
But, Mr. Speaker, there is another branch
of this case ; it is the circumstantial evidence.
I have dealt with the direct, 1 come now to
deal with that which is circumstantial and
which is claimed to convict Mr. Brooks, in-
dependent of McComb's testimony. What is
it? It appears that Mr. Brooks before he
had any thought of becoming a Government
director desired to obtain Credit Mobilier
stock; there is no doubt about that. That
fact, however, has not been imputed to him
as an offense by the committee. If it, could
be, they could not have acquitted the distin-
guished gentlemen on the other side of the
House who held this stock. Seven hundred
and fifty shares were held by the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper.]
to say nothing of the other gentlemen whose
names have been mentioned in this connec-
tion. This whole question, so far as Mr.
Brooks is concerned, turns upon the Govern-
ment directorship. When Mr. Brooks desired
to take the stools it was below par and Mr.
Durant was offering five per cent, to get it
taken. This was between February and April,
1867, nearly ayear before Mr. Brooks became
a Government director of the Union .Pacific
railroad and before the Hoxie contract had
been transferred to trustees. That transfer
took place October 15. 1867, and was the
cause of the enormous dividends which after-
ward accrued. It was in the hour of the
company's adversity and not in the sunshine
of its prosperity when Mr. Brooks indicated
his willingness to take its stock. When the ap-
pointment as a Government director Was ten-
dered to him the stock had not been issued to
him but he had the right to it as between him
and Mr. Durant. In determining to accept
the appointment tendered he of course de-
clined to receive the stock to which he was
previously entitled.
And here at thispoint arises that one single
fact which has been seized upon with cruel
persistence and tortured into evidence of
crime. Mr, Brooks indicated to Mr. Durant
that inasmuch as he would not take the stock,
his son-in-law Mr. Neilson would. This is the
head and front of his offending. It has this
extent and no more. To my mind it is not
a badge of fraud. It has in it none of that
art and concealment which always marks a
guilty purpose.
If Mr. Brooks had intended to commit a
fraud, he would not have selected a member
of his own family. Had he had a sense of
wrong in this transaction, his first' thought
would have been that the relationship between
him and Neilson would excite suspicion. He
would have known that the transactions be-
tween them could be more easily traced than
between him and any one else. He would
naturally have selected some one whom the
public mind would not have pointed to as a
relative, or even a particular friend. This is
the kind of a blind a guilty man would have
sought.
The next question then immediately in this
connection is, who paid for the stock when it
was issued to Neilson? The committee
insist that Mr. Brooks did. Mr. Brooks
admits that Neilson borrowed $10,000 from
him to pay for the one hundred shares.
When the fifty shares had accrued by right of
the one hundred shares to Neilson, if they
belonged to Mr. Brooks as the committee
insists, why did he not loan Neilson themoney
t,o pay for them also? On the contrary,
Neilson borrowed the $5,000 with which he
paid for these disputed fifty shares from Dil-
lon, the president of the company, himself.
He never approached Mr, Brooks on the sub-
ject. If the evidence does not .show Neilson
acting independently of Mr. Brooks in regard
to the fifty shares, I cannot comprehend it.
He borrowed the money from Sidney Dillon,
and not from James Brooks. Yet the com-
mittee say Mr. Brooks owned them. Neilson
borrowed the $10,000 from his father in-law
to pay for the first one hundred shares; there-
fore, Brooks owns them. He borrowed $5,000
of Sidney Dillon to pay for the fifty shares ;
therefore, Brooks owns them too. This is a
fair statement of the logic of this report with
which it is proposed to expel and crush the
distinguished gentleman from New York.
Is it an unnatural thing or a criminal offense
for members of the same family to have busi-
ness relations and monetary affairs with each
other? When the excitement and panic of
the present hour pass away the world will give
a reasonable answer to this question. It is
said, though, that Mr. Neilson in paying back
his loan from Mr. Brooks paid it out of the
proceeds of the stock. What, of it ? If it
was honestly a loan does it matter where the
money came from with which it was paid?
That is the question here. Mr. Brooks swears
it was a loan; Mr. Neilson swears it was a
loan. Have they both committed perjury?
Where is there such proof in this investiga-
tion as to warrant such an awful, such a hor-
rible conclusion? Pair and candid men will
require powerful testimony in order to break
down the deliberate oaths of these two men.
Where is it? Is it in the bare circumstance
that Neilson paid this loan out of the pro-
ceeds of this stock? Coul'd any argument be
more absurd?
But the committee say there were two
hundred shares of Union Pacific railroad
stock and five Union Pacific railroad bonds
transferred to Mr. Brooks at the time of the
transfer of the one hundred shares of Credit
Mobilier. On the contrary, Mr. Durantswears
in so many words before the Wilson investi-
gating committee that the two hundred shares
of stock and the five Union Pacific railroad
bonds were transferred by himself to Neil-
son.
I call the attention- of the House to his
direct and positive testimony on page 82
of that report. He settles- a great fact. in
this case. But it is contended these five bonds
have remained in Mr. Brooks's safe. It is
equally true, however, that Mr. Brooks and
Mr. Neilson have used the same safe, and
Neilson has had many other papers, bonds,
and securities in it. Does it follow that they
all belonged to Mr. Brooks because they were
there? But it is not pretended that the Union
Pacific railroad stock, the two hundred shares
worth nearly $30,000, ever left Neilson's
possession. They accrued from the Credit
Mobilier stock, and remained with the real
and true owner of that stock, Charles H.
Neilson. If the Credit Mobilier stock had be-
longed to- Mr. Brooks these large profits
arising from it would certainly* have been
traced into his hands. Neilson has them,
however, and keeps them. But the commit-
tee assail the statement of Brooks and Neil-
son that the Union Pacific railroad bonds of
which I have spoken were put up by the latter
with the former as collaterals for a time for the
loan which Neilson obtained. I see nothing
strange or unusual in such a transaction.
Neilson borrowed $10,000 of Mr. Brooks,
and placed these five bonds which he had re-
ceived from Durant in his hands as security.
He paid $9,000, leaving a balance of $1,000.
I do not claim to be an expert in New York
business. I know but little of it; but I have
been informed that nothing is more common
than for a man who has a running account, an
interest account, and desiring perhaps to bor-
row more money from the same party, to leave
his collaterals where his account is placed for
an indefinite length of time. Will any one
dispute this ? He had in fact no. right to lift
the collaterals until he paid the last, dollar.
One thousand dollars unpaid would entitle the
holder of the collaterals to retain them all.
This is too plain for argument. I  ubmit,
therefore, that five bonds held for a time as
collaterals by Mr. Brooks do not form a
criminating circumstance.
But it is charged on the floor that there are
certain erasures in the stock-book of the Credit
Mobilier Company where Mr. Neilson's name
appears. How that may be we have simply
the conclusions of the committee. Tney
have doubtless arrived at them honestly. But
I must be permitted to say thi§: toward the
close of this investigation, Mr. Brooks, ut-
terly broken in health, scarcely able to
walk from his door-step to his carriage, and
into this Capitol fainting in these corridors
that surrounds us, went to the door of the
room where the committee was assembled, and
literally beat upon it long and loud with his
feeble hand for admittance, and beat in vain.
He, desired to explain this very matter as well
as some others which he had just learned
were in the minds of the committee, bearing
heavily against him. He was denied admis-
sion. He then went to an adjoining room, and
addressed a letter to the committee through its
chairman.
_ I have the letter here. It, asks for more
time. He desired to submit the following
evidence in regard to the question of erasures
in the books of the company:
Wilson Committee-Room,
Credit Mobilikr of America and
Union Pacific Hailroad Company,
Washington, February 22.1873.
Dear Sir : Having examined the cash-book of the
" Credit Mobilier of America," I find several era-
