1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1457
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maysard ?]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair underatands
that it was withdrawn to enable the gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargent] to offer this
amendment.
Mr. HOLM AN. I desire to move to strike
oat the paragraph last read, without reference
to the amendment of the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia.
Mr. SARGENT. Let my amendment be first
adopted.
.Mr. HOLM AN. I trust the gentleman will
withdraw his amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. • I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let us take a vote on my
amendment as an independent proposition ?
Mr. SARGENT. Let my amendment be
first adopted. What is the gentleman's mo-
tion ?
Mr. HOLMAN. My motion is to strikeout
the paragraph as it now stands. Here is a
matter of mere private enterprise, the publica-
tion of historical matter, which Congress pro-
poses to assume and to place under the control
of the joint Committee on the Library.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of
order.
The GHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state it.
Mr. MAYNARD. My point of order is
this: that this clause having been amended it
is not in order for the gentleman from Indiana
to move to strike it out.
TheCHAIRMAN. It is competent to strike
out the paragraph as suggested by the gentle-
man from Indiana. The gentleman from
Indiana is entitled to the floor to speak to his
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, this House
seems to proceed on the idea there is no
longer any private enterprise in this country,
that there is no longer any enterprising spirit
among our people, and that what the intelli-
gence of the country is not willing to do and
finds no benefit in doing, this Congress must
take in hand. Indeed, I almost yield the
point whenever I see a proposition offered
before this House to spend money.. I do not
care what it may be, how visionary it may be;
I do not care how much it would be rejected
by intelligent men acting for themselves, it
receives at our hands grave consideration.
Now, with the subject of the early discoveries
of this country arresting attention and inspir-
ing vigilant research here and abroad for the
last fifty years with valuable documents within
the reach of the learned and the inquisitive, it
seems to be the belief of gentlemen we can
only secure this valuable treasure through the
publication by act of Congress and appropria-
tions out of the Treasury. Who believes this?
The truth is there are in this Capitol lobbies of
learned gentlemen gathered from all parts of
the country who want something to do, who
are not able to command the attention they
think they deserve or secure employment in
the ordinary pursuits of life elsewhere which
would be remunerative, here and who come to
Congress in hopes of getting money out of the
Treasury. We have lobbies for every possible
object and thus step by step we have marched
in direction of almost criminal extravagance
as steady as the march of time.
We have been steadily making expenditures
beyond the wants of the country, and have
kept on as steadily increasing them. Instead
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield,] chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, raising their voices and
denouncing this extravagance, which is eating
up the public Treasury and loading down the
people with taxation, these gentlemen, heads of
the leading committees with power to arrest the
flood, allow every new avenue of expense and
extravagance to be opened up. And they do
this when they know there is in expenditure
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 92.
but one of two things possible in a republican
Government like ours: either severe economy,
actual penuriousness in public expenditure or
actual profligacy; and they seem to prefer
profligacy in the public expenditure and the
pensioning upon the public Treasury of count-
leas idle men, and expenditure under every
conceivable form and on every pretence that
cupidity can suggest. And this goes on year
by year until the expenditures have run up in
a few years from $5,000,000 to $27,000,000 for
miscellaneous expenses of the Government
as embraced from year to year in this bill.
Yet not a voice is raised on the part of these
gentlemen to arrest this extravagance—not
one earnest plea for economy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, the Commit-
tee on the Library very earnestly recommended
this appropriation to the committee who have
reported it to the House. It is not already
printed matter or information. Mr. Spofford,
the Librarian of Congress, in whose judgment
everybody has the greatest confidence, says
most of the matter we propose to purchaso
now in manuscript has never been published,
and that it is of the utmost importance to
establish the fact of the early history of the
settlement of the great West. A portion of
it in different forms has crept into publication,
but the larger and more important portion of
it has never seen the light of day. No private
enterprise probably would take hold of it. A
gentleman in Paris, of that peculiar cast of
character interested in getting these early
statistics and information, fearing after the
destruction by the Commune he might not be
able to retain this manuscript in his own pos-
session, has for a mere pittance proposed its
purchase by our Government to Mr. Wash-
burne, our minister in France, who always
stood on the floor of this House for the most
rigid economy by the side of the distinguished
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman ;] and
our minister, through Mr. Spofford, and
through other sources, after investigating the
value of this information, now recommends
its purchase to the Committee on the Library,
and that committee recommends its purchase
to this House.
Now, sir, it is right in the line of what we
have heretofore done. There is the Wilkes
expedition, the results of which we have pub-
lished and given to the world in a work in
which is imbedded a vast amount of all sorts
of valuable information which no private per-
son could have taken hold of for purposes of
publication.
Mr. HOLMAN. Those are our own explor-
ations.
Mr. PETERS. Well, sir; is not the set-
tlement of the West our own? And is not its
early history something every man on this
floor ought to have an interest in? When
we are spending thousands and hundreds
of thousands and millions in a way which
the gentleman calls waste, will you not give
$8,000—though the sum here is $10,000, it is
supposed that $8,000 will be sufficient—will
the gentleman not allow us to spend $8,000 to
get at and perpetuate a portion of the history
of his own glorious State?
Mr. HOLMAN. It is not the amount of
this I complain of; it is the constant increase
of appropriations of this kind.
Mr. PETERS. Oh, humbug! I have heard
enough of that since I have come into Con-
gress until the present day. This appropria-
tion of $8,000 is called for and earnestly
urged on this House for the purpose of obtain-
ing from France and rescuing from destruc-
tion by communists and all such risks—
$8,000 is all that is asked to rescue and put
into a solid and enduring form a part, and a
very valuable part, of the original history of
the West. I hope the appropriation will not
be struck out.
Mr. COX. On last Monday week I offered
in this House a resolution which seemed to
'j'Ji0 dividing line between the State
and Federal Governments. It was somewhat
smiled at, as an abstraction. I believe that
we are going a little too far in these matters.
We have no right to associate so much busi-
ness with our Federal Government. We have
no right to constitute the United States Gov-
ernment a publishing house. We have no
right to create a rivalry with our private pub-
lishing houses in this.country. If any unpub-
lished ^manuscripts are worthy to be printed at
all, private enterprise will do it.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters]
says that the Committee on the Library has
reported favorably in this matter, and that Mr.
Spofford and Mr. Washburne and others have
said that we ought to publish these French
manuscripts. Where can you stop, Mr. Chair-
man, if you begin this business 1 Why should
you not publish also the unpublished manu-
scripts relating to the border wars in Ohio and
Indiana?
Mr. PETERS. Why not?
Mr. COX. Just because there would be no
end to it. Why not go back and publish the
Scandinavian and Icelandic records of the
discovery of Greenland and our northeast
coast, showing that Maine and Massachusetts
were discovered by the Norsemen ? Such rec-
ords exist in Iceland and Norway, which never
have been published.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man, ought we not appropriate thousands of
dollars to publish Schoolcraft's work on the
Indians?
Mr. COX. We have something to do with
the Indian business. I know very well that
we have done a great deal and paid out a vast
amount of money on this Indian business.
Mr. MAYNARD. Did we not buy Madi-
son's papers and Jefferson's papers ?
Mr. COX. Those papers were specially
connected with our federal system, and were
within the purview of our federal powers. But
when we commence this business of Govern-
ment publishing generally, there will be no
end to it. Why should we not allow the pub-
lishing houses of this country, or of any other
country, to lay these matters before the world
if they are so interesting? Why did you allow
Washington Irving to go to Seville, to Cor-
dova, &c., and have the papers about the dis-
covery of America copied at his own expense?
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman not
know that the early French discoveries are at
the foundation of a large portion of our com-
mon law?
Mr. COX. If they are, why should we not
also publish all we derive in reference to that
system from Blackstone and Coke and Lyttleton
and the Year books? Where will you end, if
you begin this business? This is the beginning
of a great system of connecting business of this
kind with our Government, and I see no good
reason why the Government should undertake
it. If anybody should supervise a publication
of this character, I would trust Mr. Spofford,
I would trust the Committee on the Library,
I would trust the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Peters,] though a glossary might be required
if he made the books after the Yankee method.
I want these books to be tested by their own
merits and their merits will be best tested in
the open market, and the men who will pub-
lish them, if they are worth publishing, will
do it by private enterprise. If you begin
this business there will be no end to it and I
oppose it in limine.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
we appropriate every year considerable sums
of money for the purpose of increasing the
Library of Congress. We propose here to de-
signate a particular kind of purchase, which
we desire to have made. -It is just as much a
part of our discretion and right as any appro-
priation we can make.
And now what is it that we seek to provide
for obtaining possession of? For the period
