494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
that all admit that it is a good thing to have a
Bureau of Education. Some gentlemen may
claim that this bureau transcends the limits
of constitutional power. Others believe that
it does not fill those limits. But all will agree
that the object is a good one, and that the
Government should do something at least to
promote the education and enlightenment of
the people. I believe that the bureau as it is
now operated is far within the limits of con-
stitutional power. But I do not propose now
to discuss that question.
To my mind this question is a practical one
whether the proposed increase m the appro-
priation for this bureau is needed. I have
examined the question with some care, and I
believe that it is needed, that the additional
money and help can be well used for the pub-
lic good by this bureau within its functions.
Therefore, I shall vote for this appropriation,
as the Secretary of the Interior recommends it.
But I rely more particularly upon the com-
mittees of this House. To whom are we to
look when the question arises what appropri-
ations are necessary for this bureau? First
to the committee having special charge of the
subject. We find the Committee of Education
and Labor of this House saying that this ap- 1
propriation is necessary. We must next look
to the Committee on Appropriations. When
we turn to that committee we find it divided,
some for and some against this increase of
appropriations. Therefore, the authority of
our committees is in favor of this appropria- 1
tion.
But I look even beyond these mere tech-
nicalities. To my mind there is no greater
need and there is no more vital interest at this
moment than that of education. And I do
not say this in the common acceptation of the
terms in which such language may always be
used, but because now is a special emergency
of the question of intelligence. I call atten-
tion to an extract from a table derived from
advance sheets of the ninth census, showing
the number of native and foreign illiterate
persons ten years old and over, of all races,
in the States and Territories, arranged in
divisions; and I desire to say that every lover
of free Government must be alarmed when he
reflects how many- people of this country
charged with its destinies are utterly illiterate.
The following is the extract to which I refer :
State.
Delaware 
Maryland 
District of Columbia.
Virginia 
West Virginia 
Kentucky 
North Carolina 
Tennessee 
South Carolina 
Georgia 
Alabama 
Florida 
Mississippi™ 
Missouri 
Arkansas: 
Louisiana 
Texas  
Native. Foreign. Total.
20,931
126,907
26,501
444,623
78,389
324,945
397,573
362,955
289,726
467,503
382,142
71,525
312,483
206,827
133,042
268,773
203,334
2,469
8,592
2,218
1,270
3,101
7,231
117
1,742
653
1,090
870
568
827
15,584
297
7,385
18,369
23,100
135,499
28,719
445,893
81,490
332,176
397,690
364,697
290.379
468,593
383,012
71,803
313,310
222,411
133,339
276,158
221,703
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STORM. I am not sorry this debate
has sprung up on this very incidental question,
and that there has been so much said here
which is foreign to the subject under consid-
eration. I am pleased that the debate has
taken place, because I think it is an indication
to the country that this House is ready to " call
a halt," upon the latitudinarian method of
construing the Constitution; that those gentle-
men who construe the Constitution by a refer-
ence to the Lord's Prayer, the Declaration of
Independence, and the ''general welfare"
clause are diminishing in number in this
House.
I do not propose to go into the constitutional
question supposed to be involved, because I
do not consider that as having much to do with
the proposition under consideration. The
amendment of the gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Dunnell] simply proposes to increase
to the extent of $7,000 the appropriation re-
ported by the committee; and I wish to state
as my reason for opposing this increase that
we must somewhere put a curb to the tendency
of bureaus to expand and enlarge themselves
from year to year beyond their proper spheres.
Bureaus which are established perhaps in the
first instance for purposes harmless and inno-
cent and possibly good, seek to become sepa-
rate and distinct Departments in the adminis-
tration of the Government. It has already
been hinted here that this Bureau of Education
ought to be made a separate Department and
ought to be represented in the Cabinet. Gen-
tleman say that we ought to have a minister
of public instruction or education, as they have
in France and Germany.
But this increase is asked for what? For
the purpose of gathering statistics and facts,
and diffusing such information as may be
derived from them, and for nothing else. I
contend that this bureau is now exceeding
the jurisdiction designed to be exercised by it
when it was originally created ; that it has
overstepped its proper sphere. When this
bureau was established an appropriation of
only $6,000 was asked. In 1871 it received
an appropriation of $26,500. Last year the
amount appropriated was $34,850; and this
year the amount estimated is $42,000, which
the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Dunnell]
proposes to increase by adding about $7,000,
making the aggregate nearly $49,000.
Mr. DUNNELL. I wish to correct the
gentleman. This additional appropriation
will make the appropriation about $42,000.
It is now $34,800.
Mr. STORM. The estimate is for $42 000,
and this will make the amount $49,000.
Mr. DDNNELL. I desire to correct the
gentleman.
Mr. STORM. Here is the Book of Estimates
to which the gentleman can refer; I do not
wish him to interrupt me now, being limited
to five minutes.
Sir, what is the character of the report of
this bureau? The first seventy-five pages
are the report of the Commissioner himself. I
do not wish to say anything in disparagement
of that report; but I must remark'that it is
filled with platitudes and stale generalities
which we can find at any time in the discus-
sions of any teachers' institute in any county
in my State. The next three hundred and
thirty-seven pages are taken up with abstracts
from official reports of State officers; but when
I tell gentlemen of the House that many of
these reports, as contained in the last report
of the Commissioner, are over three years
old, they will discover they are making
an appropriation of money for disseminating
information which is already known to the
people of the country. What do these reports
contain? Look, for instance, at the statis-
tics of the State of Pennsylvania, and you will
find them made up of such items as "average
salary of male teachers," "average salary
of female teachers," "number of teachers
receiving provisional certificates," "number
of applicants rejected," &c. Pages and pages
of the last report are occupied with such use-
less information. Then there are sixty pages
filled with' "essays," which cost the depart-
ment about $15,000, written by persons not
one of whom is known to the educational
world. Then we have one hundred and thirty
pages of statistical tables taken from the census
reports. I for one am not willing to increase
the clerical force of this bureau or its appro-
priation beyond what it is at present for such
information as the Commissioner annually
gives us.
tHere the hammer fell.]
[r. MAYNARD. Mr. Chairman, I shall
not discuss with my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] the powers of the Federal Govern-
ment. We discussed them very fully during
the war, and I have not heard anything added
on that general subject to what was so volumin-
ously said at that time. Nor shall I discuss
with other gentlemen the importance of this
bureau. That I suppose to be settled, if any-
thing is settled, by the action of the Honse,
first, in establishing this bureau, and afterward
in keeping it up for several years. The only
question we really have before us now, is
whether, for the successful aud profitable work-
ing of this bureau, a small additional sum
should be appropriated. The Committee on
Education and Labor having charge of this
subject, have investigated the question, and
coming in here upon their responsibility, they
tell us that the profitable working of this
bureau requires this additional appropriation.
With me, accustomed as I am to recognize the
investigation of my associates on the floor,
that is sufficient. I have no time to go into
an investigation which they ought to have
made, and I suppose have made.
Some remarks were made by my friend
from California, [Mr. Sargent,] who sits in
front of me, as to the comparative labors of
this bureau and the Smithsonian Institution.
He told us the general income of the United
States was some twenty-nine or thirty thou-
sand dollars, perhaps twenty-nine thousand
dollars. He seemed, if I am correct, to leave
out the annual appropriation made by this
House, and on looking into that subject I find
in 1870 it amounted to $20,000. In 1871
we appropriated $20,000 more, and in 1872
$30,000, for the purpose of carrying on this
establishment. He leaves out also the im-
mense amount of money invested there which
may be regarded as fixed capital, ou account
of building and - other property and in fur-
nishing a dwelling, the annual rent of which if
it had to be paid would be considerable. The
comparison of the working of the two is just
as inappropriate, it seems to me, as a com-
parison between the Bureau of Education and
the Agricultural Department. Their field of
labor is entirely different. The Smithsonian
Institution was referred to by my friend from
Indiana in illustration of the general doctrine
that the subject of education is not foreign to
the purpose of our theory of government, and
not to institute any comparison between the
Bureau of Education and the Smithsonian
Institution.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have not heard any
censure cast upon the workings of the Bureau
of Education to any considerable extent. I
have not heard any of the actual reports of the
Bureau of Education subjected to any unfa-
vorable criticism which would induce us to
prevent making this appropriation. It is
therefore narrowed down to this point whether
the report of the standing committee of the
House, charged with the investigation into
this subject, which has examined it and re-
ported to us that for the judicious and profit-
able and economical working of the bureau
which we have organized this small additional
appropriation is necessary, is to be followed ;
whether we are prepared to give so much
credence to their labors and the result of
their labors as to act on their pronounced
judgment. So far as I am concerned I shall
vote in favor of the report of the committee.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Chairman, this debate
seems to have been conducted under the be-
lief that there was somebody who desired to
have the national Government take charge
of the administration of local institutions for
the education of the people. The alarm is sim-
ply preposterous. These American people are
made up of the people of the different States,
and I undertake to say there is not a member
of the House in whose district could be found
a corporal's guard of voters willing to vote for
his reelection if they supposed he favored tak-
ing charge of and placing under the national
authority the public schools of the States.
