1458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
of almost a whole century, from 1669 to 1750,
the French occupied a great portion of this
continent west of the Alleghany mountains.
Under the direction of their Government,
learned men, army officers, men interested in
science were sent out to make explorations.
They made explorations along the great rivers
of the Northwest, along all our great lakes and
through the Rocky mountains long before a
man of the Anglo-Saxon race or speaking the
English language had ever trodden any of these
wilds. They made full reports to the Govern
ment at Paris, but in those days such reports
were buried m the archives of the Govern-
ment, and were considered secret papers
They have never seen the light. The archivist
of the navy department of France, Pierre
Margry, has had possession of these documents
for years, and has with great pains transcribed
them, and I have received a letter from the
greatest of our recent historians, Mr. Francis
Parkman, iu which he says :
" I have known about this collection many year?,
and have several times seen it, and examined it
sufficiently to get a clear idea of its contents. Many
of the most important documents composing it have
been in my hands. I can testily in the strongest
terms to its rare value for the history of the West.
To the best of my belief none of the documents
which M. Margry now proposes to print have ever
boon in print before."
He has now prepared and has ready for
publication what will make nine volumes
according to the testimony before the com-
mittee. Three volumes relate to the discov-
eries of La Salle and his companions, Joutel,
Tonty, Galiniere, and Dollier du Casson; one
to La Mothe Cadillac and the settlement of
Detroit; two to discoveries and explorations
in the Rocky mountains in 1752 by De Nise-
ville and the Brothers Verandiere ; one to
Fort Du Quesne and Natchitoches; two to
settlement of Louisiana. These volumes will
be published by M. Margry, under his own
direction, if he can be assured of a subscrip-
tion to a certain number of copies in advance,
not to be paid for only when the volumes are
delivered.
Now, a book of this sort will be little popu-
lar in France, as it relates to so distant a coun-
try ; but here at home, and especially in the
great western Northwest, it will be of vital in-
terest as adding to our knowledge of our
ancient history, and we propose in putting
this $10,000 into the hands of the Committee
on the Library that, instead of placing upon
our shelves a great number of novels and of
the worthless books that always find their way
into our libraries, they shall put in this work
of inestimable historical value, which cannot
be duplicated elsewhere, which cannot be pub-
lished except by the Government, and which
may be lost, and were near being lost in the
war of the communes. It seems to me that no
wiser or more appropriate use could be made
of any amount which we may devote to the
Library.
Mr. COX. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. HOAR. I renew the amendment. I
do not believe that the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holman] correctly represents the
feeling of any considerable portion of the peo-
ple of the great Northwest on this question,
^en he would have us believe that they are
such dumb, insensate clods, that they are will-
ln1ht0ii • t'!e*r.°.wa history with its romance
and all its traditions of gallantry and heroism
perish from the memory of mankind for the
mere purpose of a paltry money saving. No
such desire, belongs in my judgment to any
portion of the people of the American conti-
nent.
Now, Mr Chairman, we have purchased at an
expense of $100,000 for the library of Congress
the manuscript collection of Peter Force: we
have purchased at an expense of thirty or forty
thousand dollars the manuscripts of Madison
m regard to the formation of a constitution;
we have purchased and published at a large
expense the results of foreign explorations.
And now when Mr. Parkman, the most dis-
tinguished historian with perhaps one excep-
tion living in this country, says that these
papers are important to the preservation of the
history of the great Northwest, of which the
gentleman himself is such a distinguished
representative, who is there here to say that
to save $10,000 we are willing to let these im-
portant chapters in the history of our country
perish from the face of the earth ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I have never known a
proposition brought forward to take money
out of the Treasury but what there was some-
thing at least plausible to be said in regard to
it. The gentleman from Massachusetts inti-
mates that the plausible object of this pro-
posiion is todiffuse over the Northwest what
can only be obtained through an appropria-
tion by Congress.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] fails to know a fact which is known by
the least informed citizen in my district, if he
does not know that there is not a manuscript
in France, as there is not one in our own
country of actual value, that in this incisive
and exhaustive age has not been examined
time and time again, and all that is valuable
in it brought before the enlightened world.
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Parkman writes to me
that these manuscripts are new to history.
Now, who knows best, the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] or Mr. Parkman ?
Mr. HOLMAN. "Newtohistory!" Strange
that in France, overflowing with intelligent
American people, full of an inquisitive, history
loving body of learned men, they should all
remain uninformed of valuable historical sta-
tistics and papers deposited in the libraries of
France. Sir, there never was a proposition
brought before Congress to get money out of
the Treasury that had not some such plausible
pretense about it, such as patriotism and the
diffusion of valuable knowledge among men.
Now, I think that a more practicable mode
of ascertaining the foundation of this $10,000
item is to be found in the spirit of some genius
from the district of my friend from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Hoar,] from which district comes
every year a multitude of men seeking some
avenue through which the public Treasury may
be reached. That has been the ease, until this
body of learned men that you employ year
after year, men of pseudo learning, has consti-
tuted one of your branches of the Government,
a kind of hospital for diseased intellects. When
they have nothing else to do they come here
and devise schemes to enable them to get into
the Treasury. It is said that there are valu-
able historical manuscripts in France which
can be dragged out into the light only by the
expenditure of $10,000 from the Treasury.
Only the ingenuity of men from my friend's
section of country could have devised such a
sagacious idea as that.
"Valuable historical documents!" Sir,
there is not a manuscript in your own coun-
try that is not at this very hour under exam-
ination not only by men of your own country,
but by men of other countries. " Manuscripts
not yet examined; valuable historical records
not yet brought forward." Sir, you insult the
intelligence of the most unpretending citizen
of America when you suggest that Congress
should publish historical books because other-
wise the people would not have this informa-
tion.
Now, this is only oneof the schemes to swell
this appropriation bill, by this kind of extrav-
agance, this class of subterfuges to reach the
public Treasury, by which in a few years this
appropriation bill has been swollen from about
five millions to th.e monstrous sum of* twenty*
seven millions. And yet even the gentlemen
whose duty it is to watch the Treasury are
?Uvi ^eman<^ng that more expenditures
shall ba made, andthat the burdens of taxa-
tion shall be laid still more heavily upon the
laboring people of this country.
T„^r- 1 th'wk friend from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] who is an excellent.
man to take care of and look after the expend-
itures of the Government, overshoots himself
a great deal in this matter. I cannot for the
life of me understand why opposition to this
measure should come from him, or what ob-
ject those who are advocating it can have to
get this money out of the Treasury. This
subterfuge that my friend from Indiana boils
over about does not seem to have the slight-
est motive behind it. What can induce my
colleague [Mr. Hoar] to be so solicitous about
publishing the early history of Illinois, In-
diana, and the Mississippi valley, and its
discovery? What possible advantage can it
be to us on the bleak barren coast of New
England whether or not you of the West
should know whether your country was dis-
covered by the French, or came into existence
in accordance with the development theory?
Mr. HOLMAN. Then strike out this appro-
priation.
Mr. DAWES. This matter originated with
a distinguished gentleman from the West
whose house is on the Mississippi river, a
man who distinguished himself above all
others for his watchfulness over the Treasury,
the present minister of the United States
Government to France. When I was upon
the Committee on Appropriations be called
my attention to this matter three or four times
in letters enthusiastically describing these
manuscripts and their value to that section of
the country, and begging me not to interpose
any sectional jealousy, or any idea of economy
that might be derived from the East, to any
such appropriation or pittance for the benefit
of the West. And the other day I had a letter
from our late minister to England, Mr. Adams,
describing these manuscripts as of immense
value to the western country, and begging me
not to interpose any objection to this idea of
publishing, for the benefit of the western
country, this early history, these magnificent
remains, this wonderful discovery of manu-
scripts by missionaries who went forth there
exploring the country, adding to the knowl-
edge of that country, leading emigrants to go
there by the information furnished by the
plans and maps and discovery of it all.
While these manuscripts will be a contribu-
tion to the general wealth of knowledge of
the whole country, they have a special value
with reference to the western section of the
Union. It was this fact that first attracted Mr.
Washburne's attention to the matter, and led
him to urge upon the Committee on Appropri-
ations, four years ago, the making of this appro-
priation. I trust that my friend from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] will withdraw his opposition,
and that my distinguished friend from New
York, [Mr. Cos,] whom I see seeking the
floor, and who is a literary gentleman, a man
distinguished in letters, a lover of literary
pursuits, au admirer of French literature, a
man who appreciates the importance of obtain-
ing correct historical knowledge in reference
to early discoveries in the country, will not
oppose this small appropriation of §10,000 for
adding to our national Library this new and
valuable information.
Mr. POTTBK. 1 sympathize with all that
the gentleman from ludiana [Mr. Hoi.max]
has said in respect of the danger from the
extravagance of this House. He speaks feel-
ingly about this danger and about the sym-
pathy of the people in his views. I am sorry
to say, Mr. Chairman, that during the last
campaign, when he and I and a great many of
our brethren on this side of the House went to
the people on this question of extravagance,
they responded less favorably than we had
hoped. Now, the truth is, this is a very rich
country, andithas a very large income, and the
people are entirely conscious of this The
country can afford to make liberal expendi-
tures in any direction iu which it ought to
make them. But, on the other hand, this is a
v®ry great country, having doors open every-
where to take in the public monev, and there-
