158
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. of Reps.
Bounty and Pensions—Mr. Boles.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
have been elected the sum of $50,000 per annum in
full for his services to be paid quarterly at the
Treasury; the Vice President of the United States
shall also receive for his services during the term for
which ho shall have been elected the sum of $10,000
per annum in full for his services, to be paid quar-
terly at the Treasury: and the Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court of the United States shall reoeive the
sum of $10,500 -per annum, and the justices of the
Supreme Court of the United States shall receive
the sum of $10,000 per annum each, to bo paid quar-
terly at the Treasury; the Secretary of State, the
Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of War,
the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of the
Interior, the Attorney General and the Postmaster
General shall receive $10,000 per annum each for
their services; and each Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury, State, and Interior Departments shall
receive as an annual compensation, to bo paid
quarterly, $6,500; and the Speaker of the House of
Kepresentatives shall receive compensation at the
rate of $10,000 per annum, and Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress and Delegates from the Ter-
ritories admitted to a seat in Congresss, including
Senators, Representatives, and Delegates in the
iorty-Second Congress, shall receive compensation
at the rate of $7,500 per annum each, and in lieu of
mileage there shall be allowod to each Senator, Rep-
resentative, and Delegate, including those of the
Forty-Second Congress, his actual expenses from
his place of residence to Washington city, at the
commencement of each session of Congress, and
return, to be certified in a bill of items, to be filed
as a voucher; and the sum of $1,200,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, is hereby appropriated
therefor.
Mr. HOLMAN said:
Mr. Chairman : I desire to say a word or
two on this molioa of the gentleman from
Massachusetts for increase of salaries. I do
not think Congress can afford to increase these
salaries. I am confident members of Congress
cannot afford to increase their own salaries.
They cannot present to the country any good
reason why their salaries should be increased.
Nor is there even a plausible reason for the
increase of any salary. I am aware, sir, that
the tendency to increased expenditure and ab-
solute extravagance in every branch of the
Government has grown with startling rapidity
for the last few years, and I have tried to call
the attention of the Committee on Appropria-
tions to this fact, that every appropriation of
money beyond what is imperatively demanded
for tho public service is not only mischievous
to the extent of the unnecessary expenditure
in that particular instance, but it stimulates
cupidity in public affairs and gives rise to fur-
ther unnecessary appropriations and corrupt-
ing venality in office.
I feel very confident the increase of the
salary of the President to $50,000 in addition
to the present salary and perquisites, which
together amount to near $60,000 per annum,
and the increase of salaries of Federal judges
and the salaries of tho heads of Departments
and the salaries of the members of Congress,
however much to be condemned, will not be
the greatest of evils by any means. The in-
evitable result of this increase will be to pro-
duce a corresponding increase of all the other
salaries of the sixty thousand employes of the
Government and an increase in every branch
of the public expenditures. There is no half-
way ground, no stopping point in a popular
government between economy and corrupt
expenditure.
What is the argument in favor of an increase
of salaries? Is it that since the salary of
members of Congress was fixed in 1866 expense
of living has been increased? Have the sala-
ries of the Presidentand heads of Departments
and Federal judges come to be more inade-
quate to furnish a reasonable support than
.formerly?
During the war, and especially from 1862 to
1866, the cost of living was twice as great as
now. Thevalueof the money in which you pay
jour salaries was not half as great then as
now, and yet during the war every attempt to
increase salaries was indignantly frowned
down, and since the war you have added by
the act of 1866 $2,000 per annum to your
own salaries. You have doubled the perqui-
sites to the presidential salary, and you have
increased the salaries and provided a civil
pension list for your Federal judges, giving
them pensions after they retire from office
ranging from $3,500 to $8,500 per annum.
A civil pension list! A thing unknown in
your history until within the last six years.
And this increase of expenditure has pro-
duced its legitimate fruit. You have left the
safe mooring of economy and drift into the
boundless sea of extravagance. With the cost
of living greatly diminished increased salaries
are demanded.
This bill as it went to the Senate from the
House was loaded down with new charges
upon the people in a long list of enlarged sala-
ries, and it comes back literally bristling with
new exactions upon the Treasury, and now the
already large salaries of President and heads
of Departments, Federal judges, and Congress-
men, greatly enlarged, must be piled upon it.
You are rapidly leaving the old path of safety,
the simplicity of a Republic. You aredestroy-
ing the motive of duty and honor in public
office and stimulating the spirit of venality
and corruption. The result is easily foreseen.
The manly and honorable aspiration for public
confidence and reputable position in national
affairs rapidly gives way to the corrupt strug-
gle for office and the venal and corrupt use of
official power.
This measure is utterly indefensible. With
the expense of living steadily declining, when
laboring men are getting less compensation
than formerly and feeling more keenly the
burden of taxation, when the revenues of tho
Government are falling off and the public
debt is actually increasing upon us, and when
every gentleman must see that even with the
expenditures of the Government ou the present
extravagant basis it will be almost inevitable
that some new elements of taxation must be
sought for, it seems to me wholly out of the
question to talk about the increase of salaries.
And I protest against the increase, especially
of our own salaries, and extending that in-
crease back over the period for which we have
received them.
Tho salaries we reoeive and every salary
paid by this Government is now largely beyond
the average compensation received in other
corresponding employments by the people of
this country. The only excuse for this measure
is to be found in the apparent apathy and in-
difference of the people to the steady and
remorseless growth of the expenditures of
their Government. But a deluded people may
not hereafter be so patient. The pledges of
reform may be remembered, and the people
will yet awaken to the lact that if their Republic
is to survive they must restore to its Govern-
ment the economy and the severe simplicity
so gloried in by their fathers.
Bounty and Pension.
SPEECH OF HON. THOMAS BOLES,
of arkansas,
In the House op Representatives,
March 3, 1873,
On the bill to place colored persons who enlisted in
the Army on tho same footing as other soldiers as
to bounty and pension.
Be it enaeted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all colored persons who enlisted in
the Army during the late war, and who are now
prohibited from receiving bounty and pension on
account of being borne on the rolls of tbeir regi-
ments as "slaves," shall be placed on the same
footing as to bounty and pension as though they
had not been slaves at the date of their enlistment.
Mr. BOLES. Mr. Speaker, this bill effects
the same-object which House bill No. 1589 is
intended to accomplish; which latter bill is
now on the Speaker's table. Therefore I am
glad to find that the Senate has sent us this
bill and hope no one will oppose or obstruct
its passage at this the last day of.this Con-
gress. It is true that the Military Committee
of this House reported adversely on bill 1589
at the last session, but I am quite certain that
it never would have been laid on the table had
it been understood by. the House.
Ever since I became a member of this
House, in the year 1868, I have been laboring
to secure the equalization of the bounties of
soldiers, and the recognition of the equal rights
of our colored soldiers in this as well as in
other respects. I introduced, in the Fortieth
Congress, a resolution for this purpose, which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, but it was never reported back. That
committee, however, did report a bill granting
eight and a third dollars per month to each
soldier who served in the Army during the late
war, deducting from that amount the amount
of bounty the soldier had already received,
which bill passed this House but failed in the
Senate. The provisions of this bill extended
alike to the white and the colored soldiers.
Early in the year 1870 I addressed the fol-
lowing letter to the Hon. E. B. French, Sec-
ond Auditor of the Treasury ;
House oj? Rkpkksentativks,
Washington, D. O., January 5,1870..
Slit; Please adviso me what legislation is neces-
sary to secure to colored troops enlistod as" slaves'"
the same bounty grantod to others not so enlisted.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
THOMAS BOLES.
Hon. B. B. Frkncu,
Seeond Auditor Treasury, Treasury Department.
Upou which letter was the following reply
indorsed ;
Respectfully returned—a provision of law that no
colored soldier shall be deprived of bounty to which
he would be entitled by tho terms of his enlistment,
by reason of his having been a slave, or any other
form of words stating the proposition squarely,
would answer the purpose.
January 6, 1870. ■ E. B. FRENCH,
Soon after 1 again introduced another bill
on the subject, which met the same fate that
had befel my first.
When I was admitted to my seatin thepres-
ent Congress I learned that Hon. C. L. Cobb,
of North Carolina, had introduced House bill
1589, and that it was then pending before the
Committee on Military Affairs. I immediately
volunteered my services to aid him in working
up his bill. We expected a favorable report,
but we were both temporarily out of our seats,
the bill was reported adversely without any
notice to us, and laid on tho table, which was
intended by the committee to be the last of it.
At the readiug of the Journal next morning,
May 17, 1872, I learned of the report and at
once entered a motion to reconsider, which
saved the bill from defeat. That bill has re-
mained on the table from that day until this.
I hope the House will understand this bill
before the vote is taken; for if understood, it
will certainly pass. Its object is to do justice
to a class of our soldiers who have been denied
it for ten long years. I fear they have thus
been neglected because they had no loud-
mouthed lobby influence to press their just
claims.
The case of these soldiers is about this : the
soldier who enlisted while he was in law a
slave is denied bounty if he was so marked on
the rolls. It does seem to me that if any one
class of our soldiers deserve more at our
hands than any other, it is that class which
this bill is intended to benefit. They not only
served the country faithfully and well as such
soldiers, but they risked, and many of them
laid down their lives in the defense of free
government, even before they had any legal
assurances that that free government would
be shared by them after the victory should be
won.
I understand that itis claimed that, inasmuch
as these soldiers were not promised any bounty
