1460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
of this country at least, than by appropriating
it to the clearing up of what to the present
time, and to the people most interested, is the
undiscovered history of a large section of the
country?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being put on Mr. Holman's
motion to strike out the paragraph, there
were—ayes eleven, noes not counted.
So the motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is next
on the amendment of the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Sargent,] which the Clerk
will again report.
The Clerk read as follows:
At the end of the paragraph add the following:
And of the $15,000 appropriated by act of June 10,
1872, to enable said committee to purchase works of
art, the sum of $10,000 is hereby declared to have
been appropriated, and shall be expended for the
Surpose of providing for a statue of the late Edward
ickiuson Baker.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes 75,
noes 41.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is next on
the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Maynard,] which the Clerk will
again report.
The Clerk read as follows:
At the end of the paragraph add the following:
< To enable the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives to pay the twelveorippled and disabled soldiers
now in the employment of the Doorkeeper of the
House, from March 4, 1873, to December 1, 1873,
$12,000.
_ Mr. HOLMAN. I have no doubt this is al!
right. If these persons are employed by the
Doorkeeper, they should be paid. Bat I
trust there will be some explanation of it.
Mr. MAYNARD. When I offered the
amendment I explained that under the law
of, I believe, 1870, the Clerk had doubts
whether he could pay these men out of the
contingent fund. To remove those doubts, it
was thought better to have the payment made
by distinct provision of law.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think this matter is not
understood yet. The gentleman may think
that the mere bringing forward of the propo-
sition by himself, as a member of the com-
mittee, is sufficient. If so, why did he not put
it in the bill in the committee 1 I understand
the gentleman to say that thege disabled sol-
diers cannot be paid because there is no appro-
priation to pay them, or because some other
persons have crowded them out of their places.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman did not
understand my explanation, I do not know
that I can make it more clear. I stated that
there was a doubt on the part of the Door-
keeper whether the act of 1870 did not pre-
vent him making the payment out of the con-
tingent fund of the House, and in order to
obviate that doubt I offer this amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why not pay these men
out of the regular appropriation for their pay-
ment? Is there not a regular appropriation
to pay them? They are regular employes, are
they not?
Mr. MAYNARD. They are regular em-
ployes, but as to their employment from the
4th of March until December next, the point
might be* made that the Doorkeeper would not
have the power to pay them.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman makes it
very lucid now, and I understand it
Mr. Maynard's amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to organize
fn DeoemW Hobse,rve the transit of f"enus
m December, 1874 and to detail two vessels of the
SfrTLfrt°nni5l4siftic,orI>i!|cifi<! stations to convey
parties to the points selected for observation, which
he is hereby authorized to do, $100,000, to be expended
bgy the commission created by the iot of June 10,
Mr. McCQRMICK, of Missouri. I move to
strike out that paragraph.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust it is not too late to
make a point of order on that paragraph,
lhis is entirely new legislation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, no: the
gentleman is mistaken. We made an appro-
priation last year of $50,000 for making prep-
arations for this work.
Mr. HOLMAN. No such work has been
st^rt^d
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order, this being a continuation
of an appropriation made last year.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is useles for me to argue
the point of order with the Chair, but I move
to strike out the paragraph. The gentlemen
who control these appropriation bills never
inform Congress what is to be the result of
their measures. In the appropriation bill of
last year we appropriated $50,000 for instru-
ments to enable curious gentlemen to observe
Venus cross the face of the sun, and now we
are called upon to appropriate $100,000 for
the benefit of some of those persons who are
everlastingly here eager to do something for
the country and get into the Treasury, and who
cannot get employment anywhere else. Here
is a proposition " to enable the Secretary of
the Navy to organize parties to observe the
transit of Venus in December, 1874." It is a
proposition to tax the whole people of the
country, an overtaxed people, for the pur-
pose of giving lucrative employment to cer-
tain gentlemen of elegant leisure who think
they have a God-given right to live on the
labor of other people.
The transit of Venus across the face of the
sun is not a matter of any kind of moment,
except of curious and not of economic science.
The movements of that goddess among the
heavenly bodies is well enough for curious and
speculative inquiry, but you have no right to
tax the people for any such purpose.
I hope this appropriation will be struck out,
this mean squandering of the public revenues
on objects of speculative inquiry. I venture
to say that only two nations of Europe—-and
they monarchies—except through private agen-
cies, will put on foot an .expedition for this
purpose. These are matters for private taste
and leisure.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Two have done it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We heard that
same speech and that same joke last year in
regard to the transit of Venus, and notwith-
standing that speech and joke we appropriated
$50,000 with the clear understanding, plainly
expressed in the debate as well as in the esti-
mates, that it was for the purchase of instru-
ments and preparations for the expedition
which may be asked for this year. It was
understood then that the total cost of the
expedition would be $150,000, and that the
$50,000 asked for in the bill of last year was
preparatory to the $100,000 to be asked this
year. •
I have a letter on this subject from the Sec-
retary of the Navy, inclosing areport from the
Naval Observatory, showing what has been
done with the money already appropriated,
and what it is proposed to do with this appro-
priation if it should be made.
The gentleman wants to know what other
Governments will send out such expeditions.
I answer every great Government of Europe.
Mr. HOLMAN. I say only two.
Mr. GARflELD, of Ohio. This is an event
which will not occur again for one hundred
years, and it will enable scientific men to de-
tenniaegreat fundamental points of astronomy,
calculating the distances of the planets, and
contributing to science what cannot be con- j
Routed again for one hundred years, and I
should be ashamed, living in my day and gen-
eration, if I should put a block in the way of
doing a work like this which cannot be done
again within one hundred years. If there be no
objection, I will attach to my remarks the
report of the Secretary of the Navy to which
1 have referred.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to that, and with-
draw my amendment to the amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. McCormick,]
ine question was taken on the motion of
Mr. McCormick, of Missouri, to strike out the
paragraph; and on a division, there were—
ayes 30, noes 65 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Garfield,
of Ohio, and Mr. McCormick, of Missouri,
were appointed.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I will not
insist upon a further count, but will withdraw
my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to deposit
with the Assistant Treasurer of the United States, at
Washington city, District of Columbia, the sum of
$100,000, subject to the order ot the United States
district court for District of Columbia, in the ease
of the United States against the rebel steamer
Sumter, in prize, said sum is hereby appropriated.
Mr. RANDALL. I would inquire if that
is in accordance with existing law?
Mr. SARGENT. It is in pursuance of a
judgment of the United States court, under
section twenty-eight of the prize law of 1864.
The Committee on Appropriations have no
discretion in such matters. We are required
to report the amounts found by the court. The
rebel ram General Sumter was captured as a
prize at the battle of Memphis in 1862. It
was at once taken into the service of the
United States, remained a number of years in
the service, and was lost while in service.
Prize proceedings were commenced under the
statute of 1864 tor the valuation of the ram to
be paid to the captors. After proceedings
were had, the United States court rendered its
decree of condemnation, adjudging the value
of this ram to be $100,000, to which the cap-
tors are entitled. If there was still in the
hands of the Secretary of the Treasury a fund
out of which this could be paid, he would pay
it without any further appropriation by Con-
gress. But there is no such fund, and it is
necessary that this appropriation be made to
satisfy this judgment.
Mr. RANDALL. No appeal was made
from the district court of the United States.
Mr. SARGENT. There was not. I call
attention to a letter from the Secretary of the
Navy upon the subject, stating the circum-
stances.
Navy DrPAEr.Mr.NT.
Washington", December 14, 137:2.
Sir: The rebel war steamer General Sumter was
captured as prize of war at the battle of ilempln.-,
in the year 1862, and was at once taken into the ser-
vice of the United States for the use of tiie Xavy
Department; the vessel was subsequently lost while
in the service of the Government.
Some years since, proceedings in prize were insti-
tuted according to law in the district court for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, under the twenty-eighth section of
the prize act of June 30,1864. A decree of condemna-
tion has been made by said district court adjudging
said vessel to be a good and lawful prize.
Said decree having been rendered, it would be the
duty ot the Department, if it had the mouey appro-
priate for that purpose, to deposit $100,000, tho
amount of the appraised value, in the Treasury, tu
be distributed according to law; but this h,i? not
been done for thcreason that there is nu appropria-
tion now existing out of which this deposit could
properly be made by the Department.
The captors, under the decree of the court and the
provisions of the statute referred to, seem to bo
entitled to the appraised value of the steamer as
ascertained by the regular appraisement made ac-
cording to law.
I have therefore the honor to refer the matter to
the committee, that proper appropriation may bo
made to enable the Department to deposit the said
amount with the Treasurer, subject to the order of
the district court in said cause, as required by law.
1 transmit herewith a duly authenticated copy of
the apprasement, aud also the decree of cunilemny-
tion passed in said cause.
Very respectfully, GEO. M. ROBBSuN,
iSacretai a i.f tfu jSrnvy.
Hon. James A. Garfield, (jhaintifni (loiitmtt/t? on,
■ii-jyprojyi'intioiih, Jfoww of lit-pr*. f.
Mr. RANDALL. I will not make any
point of order on this paragraph.
The Clerk read the following :
For surveying the public lands in Minnesota at
rates not exceeding fourteen dollars per linear m'il 
tor standard lines, twelve dollars for township and
ten dollars for section lines, $50,000.
Mr. DUNNELL. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by adding thereto the
following:
Provided, That there shall fii^t be paid out of said
