1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
497
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will cause
the rule to be read.
Mr. SARGENT. The Chairman will allow
me to say that the organic law of the Depart-
ment prescribes the officers it shall have; it
prescribes the Commissioner and certain other
officers. Now this microscopist is not pro-
vided for in the law. An office of this charac-
ter must exist by law before we can make an
appropriation for the salary.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
California cannot fail to remember that addi-
tional clerks are frequently provided for in
appropriation bills.
Mr. SARG£NT. Those are not officers in
the proper sense of the term. The officer
named in this amendment does not come in as
& clerk.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair adheres to
its ruling, and he will cause the rule to be read
on which it is founded.
Mr. SARGENT. I always gracefully yield
to the rulings of the Chairman.
The CHAIRMAN. As there seems to be
some difficulty on the part of the clerks in
finding the rules, the Chair will overrule the
point of order and recognize the gentleman
from California.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, the ob-
jection made ou the amendment voted down
a few minutes ago to the Bureau of Educa-
tion applies to this amendment, that is to say
there is a continual tendency on the part of
all of these bureaus to extend their line of
operations and magnify their importance.
Now, here is what I suppose to be the first of
a series of amendments which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Wilson] proposes to offer,
all tending in the direction to increase the
appropriation for this bureau of agriculture
beyond the estimates sent in by the enthusias-
tic Commissioner himself. When this session
of Congress met the Secretary of the Treasury
transmitted to us a book called " the book of
estimates," and that book of estimates was
made up from reports made by each bureau
and each Department of what appropriations
are necessary. Among others came the esti-
mates of this bureau of agriculture. There
was then nothing said of the necessity of
changing this microscopist from being pud out
of the contingent fund to a permanent office.
There was no estimate for it.
The gentleman says this is only for a tem-
porary purpose. Very well, we give a contin-
gent fund for the purpose of paying these tran-
sient, these temporary expenses. If we rec-
ognize this microscopist at the salary proposed,
at the very next session of Congress, if my
friend from Ohio shall be here, we will find
him insisting that $1,000 paid for a microscop-
ist is nothing, and asking to increase the salary
to $1,600, $2,000, or.$2,500 per year. If we
do this, then the office will be fastened on us
for all time. By paying him out of the con-
tingent fund it is more likely to be temporary.
I do not say the bureau of agriculture is
not discharging valuable services to the coun-
try. We know they are sending out any
amount of garden seeds as well as other seeds.
I wish to bear witness to the ability of the re-
port from the Agricultural Department for
the last session. Of that report some thirty
or fifty pages are made op of the report of a
coordinate officer of the Government, but with-
out any credit whatever being given for it. I
say credit at least ought to be given for it.
The same matter has therefore been printed
twice at the expense of the Government.
Now, I do not believe these appropriations
are necessary at all.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I understand the point of
order has been reserved on this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order was
overruled.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I want to reply to
the gentleman from California, and therefore
move to strike out the last word.
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 32.
Mr. HOLMAN. In the midst of the con-
fusion I did not hear the decision of the Chair.
It is, as I understand it, a ruling entirely new
to an appropriation bill. I should have been
glad to have heard the ruling of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. It would have gratified
the Chair very much if the gentleman had
heard it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. It is the first ever made in this
House that a new office could be created under
an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's ap-
peal comes altogether too late.
Mr. HOLMAN. I did not hear it, and I
was sitting in my seat.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair regrets the
gentleman did not hear it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I thought the Chair sent
for the rule to be read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state
that he said he would have the rule read.
The clerks could not find the rule, and,
as the rule could not be readily fouud, be
said he would adhere to his decision. The
Chair recognized the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia to speak to the amendment. He is
aware there was confusion arouud the gentle-
man from Indiana, but he does not hold him-
self responsible for it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I should be glad to appeal
from the decision of the Chair, for it is the
first time it has been decided that a new office
could be created on an appropriation bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. In regard to what
my friend from California [Mr. S.iroent] has
said in reference to the Department of Agri-
culture taking illegitimately, without proper
credit, some thirty or forty pages from Mr.
Raymond's report, I have this to : this in-
formation was purchased by the Department
and paid for oat of the contingent fund. It
was got with the approbation of Mr. Raymond
himself. He agreed to it. He assented to it,
and one of his leading men furnished the
Agricultural Department with this inform-
ation. The Department paid for it, put it in
the book, and bad a right to do it. Hence,
I do not think the gentleman has any right to
find fault with the Department on account of
those few pages.
Does my friend know, or does he not know,
that annually new diseases incident to fruits
and plants and vegetables of every descrip-
tion are creeping in on them, and it is neees-
sarj to be constantly on the watch to find out
the cause and the cure of these diseases?
That is prescisely what We get from this micro-
scopist. That is what he has been engaged in.
As I have said, he has been investigating the
causes and cure for the diseases incident to
various kinds of fruits, and the papers which
have been published from time to time in the
agricultural monthly reports have been copied
into all the leading agricultural journals, and
are held in the highest estimation by intelli-
gent farmers and horticulturists everywhere.
Again, sir, it is made by law the duty of the
Commissioner of Agriculture to procure and
disseminite among the people information
pertaining to agriculture. How can he do this
unless you furnish him the means? My friend
says he has a contingent fund of $6,000. That
is true; but that is not at all sufficient to fur-
nish the country,this information. It is used
up. There is not enough of it to answer other
legitimate purposes.
And I desire to say further that Professor
Taylor has also been investigating the causes
and cure for the rot in potatoes. His papers
on this subject have been published far and
wide, and have been spoken of in the very
highest terms. And I have no doubt in the
world that the information upon these subjects
that he will be able to disseminate and send
abroad to the agricultural world will be worth
infinitely more than all that has ever been ap-
propriated for the Agricultural Department
in this country. My impression, therefore, is
that this committee, representing to a large
extent that great industry which is more pro-
ductive than any other in onr country, will
certainly not refuse this necessary appropria-
tion.
The question was on the amendment of Mr.
Wilson, of Ohio.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would suggest to
the gentleman from Ohio that he should strike
out the name of this officer. Under the terms
of this amendment, if this gentleman were to
die, it would not provide for the payment of
any other in his place.
Mr. MAYNAltD. Let the amendment read
thus: after the words "botanist, $1,800,"
''microscopist, $1,800."
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I modify my
amendment in that way.
The question was on agreeing to the amend-
ment as modified ; and the committee having
divided, there were—ayes 67, noes 17; no
quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. Is further count in-
sisted upon?
Mr. SARGENT. I call for further count.
I wish to see what gentlemen desire to create
a new office.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Wilson, of Ohio,
and Mr. Holman.
The committee again divided; and the
amendment was agreed to—ayes sixty-seven,
noes not counted.
Mr. MAYNARD. I offer the following
amendment:
In line thirteen hundred and fifty-seven strike
out "three" aa4in*ert" five."
The /effect of that amendment will be to
make the salary of the Commissioner of Agri-
culture $5,000 instead of $3,000.
Mr. Chairman, I do not propose to expend
any effort in eulogizing the gentleman who is
at present at the head of the Department of
Agriculture. I have simply to say that if he
is not a man whose services, if rendered in
the general business of the eountry, would be
worth $5,000 a year, then .he ought not to be
at the head of so important a Department; he
should be removed from the place and a more
efficient and valuable man plaeed there. I
trust that, in view of the acknowledged import-
ance of this Department and the wide and
varied knowledge required in the head of that
Department, he should command at least
this much salary. I have limited it to $5,000,
because I do not wish to alarm the gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargent] or the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] by what they
might suppose was an extravagant proposition.
Mr. SARGENT. The Commissioner of
Agriculture receives as large a salary as any
other officer of his class; ia fact he receives a
much greater compensation. The Commis-
sioner of Public Lands, who has very im-
portant and extensive duties confided to him,
the Commissioner of Patents, and the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, receive but $3,000 a year.
We have already passed the portions of the
bill relating to those officers, and no gentle-
man has raised his voice'in favor of increasing
their pay. We come, however, to the Com-
missioner of Agriculture, and a proposition is
made to increase his salary, although he is a
man who has, in addition to his salary^ a house
rent free, with fuel and lights furnished by
the Government. He lives in the Department
building, with his family, free of expense, and
yet he is singled out for an increase of pay.
Now, sir, in the name of the Committee on
Appropriations I object—I object most stren-
uously—to the unfairness of this proposition,
and I also object to it as inexpedient.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I desire to say that
the Commissioner does oceupy certain rooms
in the Agricultural building, but he does so of
necessity and not as a matter of choice. He
would gre&tly prefer to occupy a house in the
city proper, but ho dare not leave that Depart-
ment. It would bo uiisafe without bis prea-
