1462
THE CONRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
aries every session ; and they are in fact very
frequently changed. Unless an absolute
necessity for this expenditure of money can
he shown, I think all these appropriations
for surveys of territorial boundaries should
be struck out. When we make a change of
ten miles in the boundary of a Territory the
money that has been appropriated for the
survey is thrown away. I admit that, as we
have surveying districts, it may be necessary
to close the surveys on these boundaries ; but
•where no State boundaries are involved I think
these appropriations should be struck out.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In the book of
estimates, page 149, this note, near the bot-
tom of the page, explains this matter ; and I
will read it:
" Note.—These estimates are necessary to separate
several jurisdictions of Territories, so that th£ re-
spective inhabitants may know to which particular
Territory their rights of citizenship belong; the
boundaries are needed to close the lines of public
surveys thereon, based on different bases and merid-
ians; also to enable the land officers to know that
public lands disposed of by them are within their
respective districts, and to afford facilities to set-
tlers on surveyed and uasurveyed lands to apply to
the proper land officers to file declarations and enter
lands."
It seemed to the committee reasonable these
exterior boundaries of the Territories ought
to be settled among the first things in settling
our Territories.
Mr. TAFPB. That is all well enough if
Congress did not change the boundaries every
year by lines not surveyed; they will go a
degree north or a degree south, and the same
thing has to be done over again every session.
That is the point I make.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. POLAND. I move the committee do
now rise.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the committee
rises I desire to make a correction in the
amendment I moved this morning. I learn
from the Doorkeeper that instead of twelve
crippled soldiers there are thirteen under him,
and I therefore move to amend my amendment
by striking out "twelve" and inserting " thir-
teen," and by increasing the sum $600.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. KENDALL. I desire to give notice
that I shall further insist on the amendment I
have made, and think, on further reflection, the
House will be disposed to adopt it.
Mr. POLAND. I move the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the ehair, the chair-
man [Mr. Dawes] reported that the Commit-
tee of the "Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly a
bill (EL R. No. 3921) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1874, and for
other purposes, and had come to no action
thereon.
CREDIT MOBILIER.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I now rise to
proceed with the bill for printing and publish-
ing the congressional debates.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] rises to a question of
privilege.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, in the first
place, I desire to offer a resolution for the
printing of testimony taken by the committee
appointed under resolution of December 2.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I am directed by the select
committee appointed December 2, under res-
olution of that day, to submit a report in writ-
ing on the subject referred to them by that
resolution. I desire an order entered for the
printing of the report.
The SPEAKER. With the testimony?
Mr. POLAND. The testimony has already
been ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman
desire the report to be now read ?
Mr. POLAND. I do not care to call for
the reading of the report myself.
There were calls for the reading of the
report from both sides of the House.
The Clerk thenrea<|the report, as follows:
The special committee appointed under the 10I-
lowing resolutions of the House, to wit—
"Whereas accusations have been made in the
public press, founded on alleged letters of Oakes
Ames, a Representative from Massachusetts, and
upon the alleged affidavit of Henry S. McComb, a
citizen of Wilmington, in the State of Delaware, to
the effect that members of this House were bribed
by Oakes Ames to perform certain legislative acts
for the benefit of the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany by presents of stock in the Credit Mobiher of
America, or by presents of a valuable character,
derived therefrom: Therefore,
" Resolved, That a special committee of five mem-
bers be appointed by the Speaker pro tempore, whose
duty it shall be to investigate whether any member
of this House was bribed- by Oakes Ames, or any
other person or corporation, in any matter touch-
ing Ms legislative duty.
"Resolved further, That the committee have the
right to employ a stenographer, and that they be
empowered to send for persons and papers'—beg
leave to make the following report:
In order to a clear understanding of the facts
hereinafter stated as to contracts and dealings in
reference to stock of the Credit Mobilier of America,
between Mr. Oakes Ames, and others, and members
of Congress, it is necessary to make'a preliminary
statement of the connection of that company with
the Union Pacific Eailroad Company, and their
relations to each other.  
The company called the "Credit Mobilier of
America" was incorporated by the Legislature of
Pennsylvania, and in 1864 control of its charterand
franchises had been obtained by certain persons
interested in the Union Pacific Railroad Company
for the purpose of using it as a construction com-
pany to build the Union Pacific road. In Septem-
ber, 1864, a contract was entered into between the
Union Pacific company and H. M. Hoxie, for the
building by said Hoxie of one hundred miles of said
road, from Omaha west.
This contract was at once assigned by Hoxie to the
Credit Mobilier Company as it was expected to be
when made. Under this contract, and extensions of
it, some two or three hundred miles of road was
built by the Credit Mobilier Company, but no con-
siderable profits appear to have been realized there-
from. The enterprise of building a railroad to the
Pacific was of such vast magnitude, and was beset
by so many hazards and risks, that the capitalists of
the country were generally averse to investing in it,
and, notwithstanding the liberal aid granted by the
Government, it seemed likely to fail of completion.
In 1865 or 1866, Mr. Oakes Ames, then and now a
member of the House from the State of Massachu-
setts, and his brother, Oliver Ames, became inter-
ested in the Union Pacific Company and also in the
Credit Mobilier Company as the agents for the con-
struction of theroad. The Messrs. Ames were men of
very largecapital, and of known character and integ-
rity in bubiness. By their example and credit, and
the personal effortsofMr. Oakes Ames, many men of
capital were induced to embark m the enterprise,
and to take stock in the Union Pacific Company and
also in the Credit Mobilier Company. Among them
were the firm of S. Hooper &. Co., of Boston, the lead-
ing member of which, Mr. Samuel Hooper, was then
and is now a member ot the House; Mr. John B. Alley,
then a member of the House from Massachusetts,
and Mr. Grimes, then a Senator from the State of
Iowa. Notwithstanding the vigorous efforts of Mr.
Ames and others interested with him, great difficulty
was experienced in securing the required capital.
In the spring of 1867 the Credit Mobilier Company
voted to add fifty per cent, to their capital stock,
which was then two and a half million dollars,
and to cause it to be readily taken, each subscriber
to it was entitled to receive as a bonus an equal
amount of first mortgage bonds of the Union Pacific
Company. The old stockholders were entitled to
take this increase, but even the favorable terms
offered did not induce all the old stockholders to
take it, and the stock of the Credit Mobilier Com-
pany was never considered worth its par value until
after the execution of the Oakes-Ames contract
hereinafter mentioned.
On the 16th day of August, 1867, a contract was
executed between the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany and Oakes Ames, by which Mr. Ames con-
tracted to buiid six hundred and sixty-seven miles
of the Union Pacific road at prices ranging trom
forty-two thousand to ninety-six thousand dollars
per mile, amounting in the aggregate to $47,000,000.
Before the contract was entered into it was under-
stood that Mr. Ames was to transfer it to seven trus-
tees, who were to execute it, and the profits of the
contract were to be divided among the stockholders
in the Credit Mobilier Company who should comply
with certain conditions set out in the instrument
transferring the contract to the trustees. The Ames
contract and the transfer to trustees are incorporated
in the evidence submitted, and therefore further
recital of their terms is not deemed necessary.
Substantially, all the stockholders of the Credit
Mobilier complied with the conditions named in
the transfer, and thus became entitled to share in
any profits eaid trustees might make in executing
the contract.
All the large stockho ders in the Imion Pacific
were also stockholders m the Credit Mobihor, and
the Ames contract, and its transfer to truetees were
ratified by the Union Pacific, and received the
assent of the great body of stockholders, but not
0fAfter the Ames contraot had been oxecuted, it was
expected by those interested that by reason of the
enormous prices agreed to be paid for the work, very
large profits would bo derived from building the
road, and very soon the stock of the Credit Mobilier
was understood by those holding it to be worth much
more than its par value. The stock was not in the
market and had no fixed market value, but the
holders of it December, 1867, considered it worth at
least double the par value, and in January and reb-
ruary, 1868, three or four times the par value, but it
does not appear that these facts were generally or
publicly known, or that the holders of the stock
desired they should he, , ' . ,
The foregoing statement, the committee think,
gives enough of the historic details, and condition
and value of the stock, to make the following de-
tailed facts intelligible. , „
Mr. Oakes Ames was then a member of the House
of Representatives, and came to Washington at the
commencement of the session, about the beginmng
of December, 1867. During that month Mr. Ames
entered into contracts with a considerable number
of members of Congress, both Senators and Repre-
sentatives, to let them have shares of stock m the
Credit Mobiler Company at par, with interest there-
on from the first day of the previous July. It does
not appear that in any instance heasked any of these
persons to pay a higher price than the par value
and interest, nor that Mr. Ames used fcny special
effort or urgency to get these persons to take it. In
all these negotiations Mr. Ames did not enter into
any details as to the value of the stock, or the amount
of dividends that might be expected upon it, but
stated generally that it would be good stock, and in
several instances said he would guaranty that they
should get at least ten per cent, on their money.
Some of these gentlemen, in their conversations
with Mr. Ames, raised the question whether becom-
ing holders of this stock would bring them into any
embarrassment as members of Congress, in their
legislative action. Mr. Ames quieted such sugges-
tions by saying it could not, for the Union Pacific
had received from Congress all the grants and legis-
lation it wanted, and they should ask for nothing
more. In some instances those members who con-
tracted for stock paid to Mr. Ames the money for the
price of the stock, par and interest? in others, when
they had not the money, Mr. Ames agreed to carry
the stock for them until they could get the money, or
it should be met by the dividends.
Mr. Ames was at this time a large stockholder in
the Credit Mobilier, but he did not intend any of
these transactions to be sales of hi3 own stock, but
intended to fulfill all these contracts from stock
"belonging to the company.
At this time there were about six hundred and fifty
shares of the stock of the company which had fur
some reason been placed in the name of Mr. T. C.
Durant, one of the leading and active men of the
concern.
Mr. Ames claimed that a portion of this stock
should be assigned to him to enable him to fulfill
engagements he had made for stock. Mr. Durant
claimed that he had made similar engagements that
he should be allowed stock to fulfill. Mr. McComb,
who was present at the time, claimed that he had
also made engagements for stock which he should
have stock given him to carry out. This claim of
McComb was refused, but after the stock wa.-
assigned to Mr. Ames, McComb insisted that Amk^>
should distribute some of thest^ek to his (McComb V>
friends, and named Senators Bayard and Fowler,
and Representatives Allison and Wilson of Iowa.
It was finally arranged that three hundred and
forty-three shares of the stock of the company should
be transferred to Mr. Ames to enable him to perform
his engagements, and that number of shares were
set over on the books of the company to Oakfs
Ames, trustee, to distinguish it from the stock held
by him before. Mr. Ames at the same time paid to
the company the par of the stock and interest from
the July previous, and this stock still stands on the
books in the name of Oakes Ames, trustee, exccpt
thirteen shares which have been transferred to
parties in no way connected with Congress. The
i committee do not find that Mr, Ames had any nego-
} tiation whatever with any ot these members of Con-
• gresson the subject of this stock prior to the com-
ji meacemeDt of tne session of December, 1867, except
H Mr. Scofield, of Pennsylvania, and it was not
!' claimed that any obligation existed from Mr. Ames
;! to him as the result of it.
ji In relation to the purpose and motives of Mr.
! Ames in contracting to let members of Congre—
,j have Credit Mobilier stock at par, which "he and all
,, other owners of it considered worth at least double
, that sum. the Committee, upon the evidence taken
. by them and submitted to the House, cannot enter-
j tain doubt. Wheu he said ho did not suppose the
I Union Pacific Company would ask or need further
jf legislation, he stated what he believed to be true.
|: But he feared the interests of the road might suffer
!i by adverse legislation, and what he desired to ac-
complish was to enlist strength and friends m Con-
gress who would resist any encroachment upon or
interference with the rights and privileges already
secured, and to that end wished to create in them
an interest identical with his own. This purpose is
clearly avowed in his letters to McComb. copied in
the evidence. Ho says he intends to pigce the stock
where it will do most good to us." And again,
we want more friend# in this Congress." In his
