1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
163
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Credit Mobilier—Mr, Swann.
Ho. of Reps.
because his concealed guilt was perpetrated,
the day before his election ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand, then,
that the gentleman comes back to the proposi-
tion that when Judge Story said that these
matters are to be regulated " by the discre-
tion of the body," he meant that discretion
given to the body by the Constitution.
Now, in order to determine the fact whether
the constituency knew the man's character,
would it not involve the necessity of our ex-
amining every man in the constituency to
ascertain whether he did know it ?
Mr. SHELL ABARGER.' That question
has been already asked by my colleague, and
the gentleman from Illinois I think must re-
alize that there is nothing in it. The gentle-
man asks whether we must not bring every
man in the district to ascertain whether he
knew of the character of the man elected.
Surely not. If the question were one as to
whether he were elected, and which a majority,
and not two thirds, decides, then the thing the
gentleman's question points to might be requi-
site. But this power of expulsion is not a
judging of the election or the qualification of
the member. He is qualified, he is eligible,
in the case I put. But it is a case of such
eminent unfitness and of guilt as to require an
expulsion, though dulyelected, such expulsion
being required in defense of the very dignity
and existence of the body itself. Whether
the crime was known to the constituency in
determining whether it was, by the election
condoned, will in such case be determined
historically by the state of notoriety of the
offense, and in these views it will be in every
case for the House to decide whether the
constituency, under all the generally known
conditions of the election, passed upon the
man's character or not. If they did—and it
be not one of the extreme cases which I have
stated—if they did pass upon his character,
then ordinarily and as a rule there should be
no expulsion.
Now, I have avoided on purpose, for I de-
sire to listen, not to speak, any allusion to the
case brought before ua by the committee or to
the question how far back we may go, whether
one, two, or three years. That question is to
be decided again by the conscience of the
House, acting for the protection of the Con-
stitution.
The gentleman asks me whether the discre-
tion is not to be regulated by the provisions of
the Constitution ? I answer him that if it is
to be regulated by the Constitution, then his
question is fatal to his own line of thought,
because the letter of the Constitution on this
subject has but these six or eight words:
" Each House may by the consent of two-
thirds expel a member." Broad, general,
unlimited, and absolute is that power, and if
that is to furnish us our guide, then the power
is unquestionable. It is the gentleman's
own line of argument that interpolates into
the text of the Constitution what is not there.
Credit Mobilier.
SPEECH OF HON. THOMAS SWANN,
of maryland,
In'the House op Representatives,
March 3, 1873,
On the report of the select committee appointed to
investigate the alleged Credit Mobilier bribery.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Speaker, the House will
do me the justice to believe that I entered upon
the duties assigned me as a member of the Wil-
son committee, with a single view to the public
welfare, and the responsible relations in which
I stand here as one of its members; and with
no desire, if I know myself, to do injustice to
any one who may fall within the scope of the
resolution passed with .such entire unanimity
by gentleman on both sides of this House. I
have felt as much bound, in the discharge of
my duty as a member of this committee, to
shield and protectee innocent, whether hum-
ble or exalted, who have been or may be
unjustly dealt with in the progress of this
investigation, as to maintain the honor and
dignity of this body. Justice is alike due to
all, and I have endeavored to keep myself
aloof from any involvements of personal or
party bias in the views which I propose to pre-
sent.
There are periods in the progress of all Gov-
ernments when great national interests over-
ride considerations of a mere personal charac-
ter ; and when wo are called upou to recognize
that universal standard of truth, justice, and
fair dealing which applies and is due alike to
all. If in subscribing to this rule there are
victims to be sacrificed we must not forget, be
the consequences what they may, that we owe
our first duty to our country and its institutions
which we are bound to protect, as paramount
to every other claim upon our patriotism and
Our duty.
The resolution under which this investiga-
tion has been instituted is broad and compre-
hensive in its scope; and entails upon the
committee a range of inquiry which 1 approach
with diffidence but with a full view of the re-
sponsibilities which it imposes.
The plan of a grand national highway across
this continent, uniting the two great oceans
situated upon our eastern and western bor-
ders, has long attracted the attention of some
of our ablest statesmen. A work so stupen-
dous and gigantic in its proportions could only
be thought of in connection with the powers
and resources of this Government. Indi-
vidual enterprise and capital fall short of the
proportions of so great an undertaking. It
was a bold conception requiring the energy of
the whole American people to go forth as
the pioneer in such a work. I am not one of
those who, engaged in the past in enterprises
of a somewhat similar though limited charac-
ter, entertain illiberal or contracted views of
the proportions of this grand undertaking and
the almost insuperable difficulties obstructing
its pathway, nor underrate the skill, energy,
and perseverance which have grappled with it
in its origin ; nor am I so blind as to ascribe to
patriotism and public spirit the triumphs which
were finally achieved, nor to give credit in the
general estimate of success to those more grov-
elling impulses which had their origin in the
simple desire to make money at the expense
of the Government. Patriotism is not a virtue
which strangles while it caresses, and points
to a plundered treasury as the prostrate vic-
tim of its avarice.
I shall not find it necessary, Mr. Speaker, to
follow in detail the voluminous record of the
committee which I have before me, presenting
to this House the startling facts connected
with the proceedings which we have been
charged to report upon. That would involve
a labor which I could hardly hope to accom-
plish within the brief space allotted to me as
a member of the committee. I shall therefore
confine myself to such prominent facts only as
seem to me to be important in aiding the
judgment of this House in deciding upon the
merits of this extraordinary case.
The growing tendency to corruption which
appears to be taking possession of the active
business of the country in all its important
pursuits is strongly illustrated by the history
of the Union Pacific road. The Government
charter under which it was projected, so lib-
eral in its features, and hedged around by such
ample safeguards for its protection, shows to
what extent the avarice and cupidity of design-
ing man, uncontrolled by a proper moral stand-
ard, may thwart the best intentions of a
Government striving to respond to the claims of
her citizens and to meet the requirements of a
great public necessity. With what emphasis
does all this speak to us here, as the great
source and fountain of the law-making power.
How long shall we be able to hold in check
the insidious approaches which are now threat-
ening us if they have not already made a
breach into our most trusted strongholds. The
honest men of the country are beginning to
tremble for the safety of their institutions.
Let us pause now for a moment, and see h w
far we have drifted and what dangers surround
us at this moment.
We have been called to witness the most
stupendous frauds in all sections of the coun-
try—municipalities reduced almost to the
verge of ruin by men who have abused the
confidence reposed in them. We have seen
the Government robbed of large sums of
money by delinquent officers who have been
serving terms in the penitentiary; we have seen
our State Legislatures invaded, and in some
instances controlled by enormous -bribes to
secure elections in the Senate of the United
States; we have witnessed the lobbies of this
House not unfrequently outraged by persons
coming here to influence legislation ; and we
have seen honorable members of this House
approached by the offers of bribes, ingeniously
contrived to prevent discovery, so barefaced as
to excite the shame and indignation of the whole
American people. Public virtue has almost
ceased to exist as a controlling power in our
republican system, and corruption is now hold-
ing its orgies in every section of our beloved
country. We may treat these untoward indica-
tions with indifference and levity; we may mock
at and deride the growing feverishness of the
people, who are already struck with alarm at
the dangers impending over them ; but the time
has arrived when, if something is no't done
to cheek the downward tendency of o'ur pub-
lic morals and to rescue the Government from
the maelstrom into which we have unhappily
fallen, we may look in vain for the realization
of those cherished visions of grandeur and
Mr. Speaker, the existing condition of things
cannot be permitted to go on with the sanc-
tion and countenance of this House. Our Halls
of legislation at least must be kept pure. The
people must not be driven, by stubborn indif-
ference to the appeals which are being made
to us to lose their confidence in those who
have been appointed and sent here to rep-
resent them ; for when that period arrives we
may prepare to encounter a revulsion in public
sentiment which will shake the very founda-
tion of this Capitol. To say that this revo-
lution has already commenced is to foreshadow
no more th^n what is taking place from day
to day in all parts of the country, the rapid
crystallization of an indignant public feeling,
the firm and decided tone of the public press,
without distinction of party, and the unmis-
takable indications of a gathering storta which,
without prompt and decided action on the
part of this House, threatens to break over us
with results which no man can foresee. The
fact cannot be lost sight of that there is a
power behind the throne greater than the
throne itself, and that there is no antagonism
more to be dreaded than that of an outraged
and justly excited people striving to maintain
the purity of their institutions against fraud
and corruption.
The gravity of this subject in all its bearings
has not failed already to attract the most
earnest attention among the masses of the
people, who are even now watching with inter-
est the action of this House upon the measure
now before us. They have been startled by
developments which have been following each
