1464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
McComb prevailed in that suit Mr. Ames might be
compelled to surrender so much of the stock assigned
to him as trustee, and he was not therefore anxious
to have the stock go out of his hands until that suit
was terminated. It ought also to be stated that no
one of the present members of the House above
named appear to have had any knowledge of the
dealings of Mr. Ames with other members.
The committee do not find that either of the
above-named gentlemen, in contracting with Mr.
Ames, had any corrupt motive or purpose himself,
or was aware that Mr. Ames had any, nor did either
of them suppose he was guilty of any impropriety,
or even'indelicacy, in becoming a purchaser ol this
stock. Had it appeared that these gentlemen were
aware of the enormous dividends upon this stock,
and how they were to be earned, we could not then
acquit them. And here, as well as anywhere, the
committee may allude to that subject. Congress
had chartered the Onion Pacific road, given to it a
liberal grant of lands, and promised a liberal loan
of Government bonds, to be delivered as fast as see*
tions of the road were completed. As these alone
might not be sufficient to complete^ the road, Con-
gress authorized the company to issue their own
bonds for the deficit, and secured them by amort-
gage upon the road, which should be a lien prior to
that of the Government. Congress never intended
that the owners of the road should execute a mort-
gage on the road prior to that of the Government, to
raise money to put into their own pockets, but only
to build the road.
The men who controlled the Union Pacific seem
to have adopted as the basis of their action the
right to encumber the road by a mortgage prior to
that of the Government, to the-full extent, whether
the money was needed for the construction of the
road or not.
It was clear enough they could not do this directly,
and in terms; and therefore they resorted to the
device of contracting with themselves to build the
road, and fix a price high enough to require the
issue of bonds to the full extent, and then divide
the bonds, or the proceeds of them, under the name
of profits on the contract. Ail those acting in the
matter seem to have been fully aware of this, and
ihat this was to be the eflect of the transaction. The
sudden rise of value of Credit Mobilier stock was
the result of the adoption of this scheme. Any
undue And unreasonable profits thus made by
themselves was as much a fraud upon the Govern-
ment as if they had sold their bonds and divided
the money, without going through the form of
denominating their profits on building the road.
Now, had these facts been known to these gentle-
men, and had they understood they were to share in
the proceeds of the scheme, they would have de-
served the severest censure.
Had they known only that the profits were to be
paid in stock and bonds of the Union Pacific Com-
pany, and so make thom interested in it, we cannot
agree to the doctrine, which has been urged before
us and elsewhere, that it was perfectly legitimate
for members of Congress to invest in a corporation
deriving all its rights from, and subject at all times
to, the action oi Congress.
In such case the rules of the House, as well as the
rules of decency, would require such member to
abstain from voting on any question affecting his
interest. But after accepting the position of a mem-
ber of Congress, wedo not think he has the right to
disqualify himself from acting upon subjects likely
to come before Congress without some higher and
more urgent motive than merely to make a profitable
investment. But it is not so much to be feared that
in such case an interested member would vote, as
that he would exercise his influence by personal
appeal to his fellow-members, and by other modes,
which often is far more potent than a single silent
vote.
We do not think any member ought to feel so con-
fident of hia own strength as to allow himself to be
brought into this temptation. We think Mr. Ames
judged shrewdly m saying that a man is much more
likely to be watchful of his own interests than those
ol other people. But there is a broader view still,
which we think o light to be taken. This country is
fast becoming filled ^with gigantic corporations,
wielding and controlling immense aggregations of
money, and thereby commanding great influence
and power. It is notorious in many State Legisla-
tures tpat these influences are often controlling, so
that in effect they become the ruling power of the
otate. Within a-few years Cojigress has to some ex-
tent been brought within similar influences, and the
knowledge of the public on that subject ha* brought
great discredit upon the body, far more, we believe,
than there were facts to justify.
, ?.u£ }s the tendency of the time, and the
belief is far too general that all men can be ruled
with money,, and that the use of such means, to
carry public measures, $re legitimate and proper.
No member of Congress ought to place himself in
♦ir0£n!? •IUv.ceiSi suspicion, so that any discredit of
the body shall arise on his account. It is of *he
highest importance tnat the national Legislature
should be - rco of all taint Qf corruption, and it is of
almost eaual necessity that the people should fWT
confident that it is so, f wpie snouiu lee!
In a free Government like ours, we cannot expect
the people will long respect the laws if they lose
respect for the law-makers.
. "For these reasons we think it behooves evervman
m Congress or in any public position to hold him-
eeit aloof, as far as possible, from all such influences
that he may not only be enabled to look at every
public question with an eye only to the public good
nut that his conduct and motives be not suspected
or questioned. The only criticism the committee
feel compelled to make on the action of these mem-
bers in taking this stock is that they were not suffi-
ciently careful in ascertaining what they were get-
ting, and that in their judgment the assurance oi a
good investment was all the assurance they needed.
We commend to them, and to all men, the letter of
the venerable Senator Bayard in response to an
offer of some of this stock, found on page 74, of the
testimony. .
The committee fiud nothing m the conduct or
motives of either of these members, in taking this
stock, that calls for any recommendation by the
committee of the House.
mb. james brooks, of new york.
The case of Mr. Jambs Brooks stands upon a dif-
ferent state of facts lrom any of those already given.
The committee find from the evidence as follows:
Mr. Brooks had been a warm advocate of a Pacific
railroad, both in Congress and m the public press.
After persons interested in the Union Pacific road
had obtained control of the Credit Mobilier charter
and organized under it for tbe purpose of making it
a construction company to build the road, Dr. Du-
rant, who was then the leading man in the enter-
prise, made great efforts to get the stock of the
Credit Mobilier taken. Mr. Brooks was a friend of
Br. Durant, and he made some effort to aid Dr. Du-
rant in getting subscriptions for the stock, intro-
duced the matter to some capitalists of New York,
but his efforts were notcrowned with success.
During this period Mr. Brooks had talked with
Dr. Durant about taking some of the stock for
himself, and had spoken of taking fifteen or twenty
thousand dollars of it, but no definite contract
was made between them, and Mr, Brooks was under
no legal obligation to take the stock, or Durant to
give it to him. In October, 1867, Mr. Brooks was
appointed by the President one of the Government
directors of the Union Pacific road. In Decem-
ber, 1867, after the stock of the Credit Mobilier was
understood by those familiar with the affairs be-
tween the Union Pacific and the Credit Mobilier to
be worth Very much more than par, Mr. Brooks
applied to Dr, Durant, and claimed that he should
have two hundred shares of Credit Mobilier stock.
It does not appear that Mr, Brooks claimed he had
any legal contractor stock that he could enforce,
or that Durant considered himself in any way legally
bound to let him have any, but still on account of
what had been said, and the efforts of Mr. Brooks
to aid him, he considered himself under obligation
to satisfy Mr. Brooks m the matter.
The stock had been so far taken up and was then
in such demand that Durant could not well comply
with Brooks's demand for two hundred shares.
After considerable negotiation it was finally ad-
justed between them by Durant's agreeing to let
Brooks have one hundred shares of Credit Mobilier
stock, and giving him with it $5,000 of Union Pacific
bonds, and $20,000 of Union Pacific stock. Dr. Du-
rant testifies that he then considered Credit Mobilier
stock worth double the parvalue, and that the bonds
and stock he was to give Mr. Brooks were worth
about$9,000. so that he saved about $1,000 by not giv-
ing Brooks the additional hundred shares he claimed.
Alter the negotiation had been concluded between
Mr. Brooks and Dr. Durant, Mr. Brooks said that
as he was aGovernmentdirectorof the UnionPacific
road, and as the law provided such directors should
not be stockholders in that company, he would not
hold'this sta"ck, and directed Dr. Durant to transfer
it to Charles H. Neilson, his son-in-law. The
whole negotiation with Durant was conducted by Mr.
Brooks himself, and Neilson had nothing to do with
the transaction except to receive the transfer. The
£10.000 to pay for the one hundred shares was paid
by Mr. Brooks, an.d he received the $5,000 0f Pacific
bonds which come with the stock.
The certificate of transfer of the hundred shares
from Durant to Neilson is dated December 26, 1867.
On the 3d of January, 1868, there was adividend of
eighty per cent, in Union Pacific bonds paid on the
Credit Mobilier stock. The bonds Were received by
Neilson, but passed over at once to Mr. Brooks. It
is claimed, both by Mr. Brooks and Neilson, that
the $10,000 paid by Mr. Brooks for the stock was a
loan of that sum by him to Neilson, and that the
bonds he received from Durant and those received
for the dividend were delivered and held by him as
collateral security for the loan.
No note or obligation was given for the money by
Neilson, nor, so far as we can learn from, either
Brooks or Neilson, was any account or memoran-
dum of the transaction kept by either of them. At
the time ot the arrangement or settlement above
spoken of between Brooks and Durant, there was
nothing said about Mr. Brooks being entitled to
have fifty per cent, more stock by virtue of his
ownership of the hundred shares. Neither Brooks
or Durant thought of any such thing.
Some time after the transfer of the shares to Neil-
son Mr. Brooks called on Sidney Dillon, then the
president of the Credit Mobilier, and claimed he or
Neilson was entitled to fifty additional shares of the
stock, by virtue of the purchase of the one hundred
shaves ot Durant.
This was claimed by Mr. Brooks as his right by
virtue of the fitty per cent, increase of the stock
hereinbefore described. Mr. Dillon said he did not
know how that was, but he would consult the lead-
ing stockholders and be governed by them. Mr.
Dillon, m order to justify himself in the trans-
action, gpt up a paper authorizing the issue of fifty
snares of the stock to Mr. Brooks, and procured it
Affits^neK ^y^ost ?f the Principal shareholders.
Alter this had been done, an entry of fifty shares
% stock ledger to some person other
than Weilson. The name m two places on the book
had been erased, and the name of Neilson inserted.
The committee are satisfied that the stock wa? first
entered on the books in Mr. Brooks's name. #
Mr. Neilson soon after called tor the certificate
for the fifty shar'es, and on the 29th of February,
1868, the certificate was issued to him, and the entry
on tne stock book was changed to Neilson.
Neilson procured Mr. Dillon to advance the money
to pay for the stock, and at the same time delivered
to Dillon $4,000 Union Pacific bonds and fifty shares
ofUnion Pacific stock as collateral security. -These
bonds and stocks were a portion of dividends re-
ceived at the time, as he was allowed to receive the
same per cent, of dividends on these fifty shares
that had previously been paid on the hundred. This
matter has never been adjusted between jSeuson and
Dillon. Brooks and Neilson both testify they never
paid Dillon. Dillon thinks he has received his pay,
as he has not novr the collaterals in bis possession.
If he has been paid it is probable that it was from
the collaterals in some form. The subject has never
been named between Dillon and Neilson since Dil-
lon advanced the money, and no one connected with
the transaction seems able to give any further light
upon it. The whole business by which the fifty
shares were procured was done by Mr. Brooks. Neil-
son knew nothing of any right to have tnem, and
only went for the certificate when told to do so by
Mr. Brooks.
The committee find that no such right to fifty
shares additional stock passed by the transfer of the
hundred. And from Mr. Brooks's familiarity with
the affairs of the company the committee believe he
must have known his claim to them was unfounded.
The question naturally arises, how was he able to
procure them ? The stock at this time by the (stock-
holders was considered worth three or four times its
par value. Neilson sustained no relations to any of
these people that commanded any favor, and it he
could have used any influence he did not attempt it;
if he had this right he was unaware of it till told by
Mr. Brooks, and left the whole matter in his hands.
It is clear that the shares were procured by the sole
efforts of Mr. Brooks, and, as the stockholders who
consented to it supposed, for the benefit of Mr.
Brooks. What power had Mr. Brooks to enforce an
unfounded claim to have for $5,000 stock worth
fifteen or twenty thousand dollars'? Mr. McComb
swears that he heard conversations between Mr.
Brooks and Mr. John B. Alley, (a large stockholder,
and one of the etfeeutive committee,; in which Mr.
Brooks urged that he should have the additional
fifty shares, because he was or would procure him-
self to be made a Government director, and also
that being a member ofCongress he would take care
of the Democratic side of the House.
Mr. Brooks and Mr. Alley both deny having had
any such conversation, or that Mr. Brooks ever
made su«h a statement to Mr. Alley. If, therefore,
this matter Tested wholly upon the testimony of Mr.
McComb th6 committee would not feel justified in
finding that Mr Brooks procured the stock by such
use of his official position; but all the circumstance--
seem to point exactly in that direction, and we ran
find no other satisfactory solution of the question
above propounded. Whatever claim Mr. Brooks
had to stock, either legal or moral, ha? been ad-
justed and satisfied by Dr- Durant. Whether he
was getting this stock for himself or to give to his
son-in-law, we believe, from the circumstances
attending the whole transaction, that he obtained it
knowing that it was yielded to his official position
and influence, and with the intent to secure his
favor and influence in such position. Mr. Brook.-?
claims that he has had no interest in this stock
whatever; that the benefit and advantage ot his
right to have it he gave to Mr. Neilson, his son-m-
law, and that he has had all the dividends upon it.
The committee are unable to find this to be the case,
for in their judgment all the facts and circumstances
show Mr. Brooks to be the real and substantial
owner, and that Neilson's ownership is merely nom-
inal and colorable.
In June, 1868, there was a cash dividend of $o,uuu
upon this one hundred and fifty shares of stock.
Neilson received it of course, as the stock was in h s
name; but on the same dayit was paid over to Mr.
Brooks, as Neilson says, to pay so much of the
$10,000 advanced by Mr. Brooks to pay for the
stock. This then repaid all but a thousand dollars
ol the loan; but Mr. Brooks continued to hold
$16,000 of Union Pacific bonds, which Neil,-on .siys
he gave him as collateral security and to draw the
interest upon all but 85,000. Tbe interest upon the
others, Neilson says, he was permuted to draw and
retain, but a.t one time in his testimony he spoke ot
the amount he was allowed beinpr Christmas and
New Year's presents. Neilson says that during the
Idst&ummer he borrowed $14,uUOot Mr. Brooks, and
he now owes Mr. Brooks nearly as much a* the
collaterals; but, according to his testimony, Mr.
Brooks for four years held $10,000 in bonds as se-
curity for $1,000, and received the interest on $11,000
of the collaterals. No accounts appear to have been
kept between Mr. Brooks, and Neilson, and doubt-
less what sums he has received Iro/u Mr. Bkooks
out of the dividends were intended as presents
rather than as deliveries of money belonging to
him.
Mr. Brooks's efforts procured the stock; his money
paid for it; all the cash dividends he ha* received,
and holds all the bonds except those Dillon re-
ceived, which seem to have been applied toward
paying for the fifty shares. Without further com-
ment on the evidence, the committee find that ?he
one hundred and fifty shares of *to<-k appearing mi
the books of the Credit Mobilier in the name of
Neilson were really the stock of Mr. Brooks, and
subject to his control, and that it was so uudeibiood
