164
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
Ho. of Reps.
Credit Mobilier—Mr, Swarm,
42d Cong....3d
other in such rapid succession that they begin
to feel the necessity for some expression on
their part to give direction to the growing
feeling of dissatisfaction which is now taking
possession of the public mind.
Looking to the past, Mr. Speaker, we find
in the proceedings of the British Parliament
abundant, evidence of how complications of
a similar character were disposed of and the
determined manner with which they were dealt
with there, growing out of a condition of
tilings which made it necessary that the great
law-making power of that Government should
be kept from the remotest taint or suspicion
of corruption in the exercise of its high func-
tions.
On the 2d of May, 1675, it was resolved—
"That the offer of any money or other advantage
to any member of Parliament for the promoting of
any mattor whatsoever depending or to bo transacted
in Parliament, is a high crime and misdemeanor,
and tends to the subversion of the English' consti-
tution,"— Man's Parliamentary Treaties, page 91.
And in the spirit of this resolution the offer
of a bribe in order to influence a member in
the proceedings of the house has been treated
as a breach of privilege, being an insult not
only to the member himself, hut to the house.
On the 18i.li March, 1694-95, Mr. Bird was
reprimanded for offering a bribe to Mr. Mus-
grave, a member, and gentleman of the long
robe, in the form of a guinea fee for prepar-
ing a petition to the house. (5 Pari. Hist.,
page 910.)
So-also the acceptance of a bribe by a mem-
ber has ever, by the law of Parliament, been
a grave offense, which has been visited with
the severest punishment. In 1677 Mr. John
Asbburiiham was expelled for receiving £500
from the French merchants for business done
in the house. (3 Com. J., 24.) In 1694 Sir
John Trevor was declared guilty of a high
crime and misdemeanor in having, while
speaker of the house, received a gratuity of a
thousand guineas from the city of London,
after passing the orphans' bill, and was ex-
pelled. In 169-3 Mr. Guy, secretary to the
treasury, was committed to the lower for
taking a bribe of two hundred guineas; and in
the same year Mr. Hungert'ord was expelled,
as guilty of a high crime and misdemeanor, in
receiving twenty guineas for his pains and ser-
vice as chairina.i of the committee on the
orphans' bill. (5 Pari. Hist., 911.)
Nor has the law of Parliament been confined
to the repressio i of direct pecuniary corrup-
tion. To*guard against indirect influence, it
has further retrained the acceptance of fees
by its members for professional services con-
nected with proceedings in Parliament. And
on the 22d of June, 1858, the House of Com-
mons resolved:
"That it is contrary to the usage and derogatory
to the dignity of this house that any of its members
should bring forward, promote, or advocate m this
house any proceeding or measure m which he may
have acted or been concerned, for or in consideration
of any pocuniary foe or reward ."—Man   rarl. trea-
tise, page95.
It will be seen, therefore, with what vigil-
ance the British Parliament guarded itself by
its action against even the suspicion of cor-
rupt influences tending to prejudice or control
the conduct ot i;s members in the discharge
of their official c-uties. These cases were ap-
proached as requiring the most prompt a,nd
decided action involving a principle striking
at the very existence of that body, as an agent
in projecting laws involving the rights of the
humblest citizens as well as the Government
itself. In no other manner could the sources
of legislation, affecting the interests of a whole
nation, have been guarded against the cor-
ruption to which they were exposed.
The position of the Government in reference
to relations with the Union Pacific railroad
and her just rights under its charter is a sub-
ject which raises questions of the gravest legal
character. These I do not propose to discuss
here. There are upward of ninety millions
of property embarked in this work to a large
extent disconnected with the fraudulent details
of its management. As against the innocent
holders of this large property there ought to be
no desire on the part of tfte Government to
interfere. Their right to deal in the securities
of this or any other railroad corporation is
undoubted, and an attempt to interfere with
them in the enjoyment of their legal rights
could not be sustained by the courts if it could
be reconciled upon any principle of fairness
and justice. It would be useless as well as
unjust to claim that in the progress of the
great works of internal improvements in this
country, appealing to the practical develop-
ments going forward in almost every State in
the Union, involving subscriptions of capital,
sometimes difficult to be accomplished without
fearful .risks, the capitalist may not legiti-
mately embark his money and avail himself
of the benefits of the largest profits which may
result from his boldness and his enterprise.
And this remark applies alike to works of
every class, whether railroads or any other
class of property, involving the expenditure
of large amounts of money. The law inter-
poses no discrimination or prohibition, so far
as I am informed, and the capitalist lias ever
been the sole judge of the limit at which he i?
disposed to trust his money in such adventures.
The persons who have thus come into iela-
tions with the Union Pacific railroad us stock-
holders or creditors, have done so in the exor-
cise of their undoubted legal rights; and 1 am
sure there would be no desire to disturb them
as innocent holders of these securities, liven
if the power existed I would go farther and
say that I would deem it ruinous to the Gov-
ernment as well as to the just claims if
innocent parties who may be involved if any
action was taken by this House to deprive
the road of facilities which it may now pos-
sess for carrying out in a legitimate manner,
and without delriment to its relations with
the Government, under their charter what
would best conduce to its fullest development
and the interests of all who may be legitimately
connected with it, and as a resulting conse-
quence from such a policy, the great public
interests, with a view to which in parr, it was
constructed. A11 i desire to claim is that the
Government should not be illiberally dealt
with or its charter treated as a nullity ; and that
this House, by such action as may be required,
may compel a strict compliance with the con-
ditions on which the road was built, and a
proper and satisfactory guarantee, by addi-
tional legislation if required, that the relations
in which we have a right to stand may not be
changed or rendered inoperative by fraud.
The necessity for placing this great work in
the hands of the Government to be controlled
and managed by its officers and agents is a
contingency which ought, if possible, to be
avoided ; and every other alternative should
be resorted to before an expedient so fraught
with danger to all concerned should be seri-
ously entertained. Such a step, in my judg-
ment, would precipitate its speedy bankruptcy,
and lead to consequences of the greatest peril
without practical benefit of any sort. The
Government should be kept free from all such
complications. It would be better that the
whole enterprise should be sunk or offered in
the market to the highest bidder than that the
Government should subject herself to the re-
sponsibility of attempting to manage such a
work with the ruinous contingencies to which
it must certainly give rise. Apart from the
political view which it presents, there are con-
siderations not less important which would
not fail to engage the attention of men of
business acquainted with the management
and details of similar enterprises.
Without attemping to indicate what leg-il
remedies may be required to protect the Gov-
ernment in the exercise of its chartered rights,
or the innocent holders of the securities of the
company, I will say here, looking at the
conduct of some of these men, that i am for
exhausting every legal expedient in bringing
to prompt accountability, and if necessary to
punishment, those who have so grossly and
willfully violated their trusts and attempted to
rob the Government of its property in this
road, as the record will abundantly show; and,
if possible, to bring back into the Treasury the
large sums that have been thus fraudulently
diverted from the purpose to which they were
intended to be applied. Such proceedings,
should- tliey be found practicable nnder the
law, should be conducted with all becoming
prudence and judgment, so as not to prejudice
the operations of the road or create any un-
easiness or panic among those whose inter-
ests might be ultimately secured by judicial
action. It would be simply an interference
by the Government under her chartered powers
to protect all rightful owners of the stock and
securities of the company and to put a stop
to the diversion of its capital to fraudulent and
illegitimate purposes.
It will be the duty of the counsel authorized to
cooperate with the commit tee to ascertain, from
the facts elicited in the late investigation, how
far the directors heretofore connected with this
road and having control over its assets may be
compelled to disgorge the moneys intrusted to
their charge by applying them to their own
private use or otherwise, in violation of their
trust and the rights of innocent parties asso-
ciated with them in the interests of the road,
the effect, of which would be to remand the
Government and all the innocent holders of
these securities to their just rights under the
charter.
i will now, Mr. Speaker, proceed to speak
more in detail of some of the facts connected
with the present position, management, and
results of tins road. The Union Pacific liail-
road Company was organized on the 27th of
October, 1863. The stock subscription, on
which ten percent, had been paid in, amounted
to $2,180,000. The work was commenced in
the fall of 1863, by breaking ground at Omaha.
On the 12th of May, 1864, owing to a want of
confidence which had sprung up among its
directors, and a state of feeling existing else-
where by no means encouraging to the success
of the enterprise, it was proposed to commence
the work by a contract with Mr. W. M, Hoxie for
one hundred mdes of this road for the sum of
$50,000 per mile. These efforts still proving
inadequate, a further effort, was made which
resulted m what was known as ''the Credit
Mobilcrof America," a contract engineered by
Hon. Oakes Ames, a member of this House, by
whom it was afterward transferred to trustees
who were charged with the building of this road
under it. It may be proper for me to state that
at the time of making this contract the country
was at war with the South, the materials for
road-making inordinately advanced, gold at one
hundred and forty-six per cent., bands of hos-
tile Indians threatening to embarrass the work
in its property, and the only means of trans-
portation by the unceitain and expensive navi-
gation of the Missouri river and with no com-
munication thioughout the State of Iowa. i
mention this as illustrative of some of the
difficulties with which the original contractors
had to contend in the early stages of the work,
and to show my readiness to accord to them
all the credit to which they might fairly claim
to be entitled, and to show that they were not
excluded from a just estimate and valuation
of their increased labors, growing out of the
causes to which I have alluded.
The appearance of Mr. Ames at this import-
ant juncture formed an epoch in the history
