500
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
nothing whatever has been said against these
other gentlemen ?
Again, my most worthy colleague and friend
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has said that the
rooms occupied by the Commissioner of Agri-
culture in tne agricultural building are worth
a rent of at least $2,000 a year. Why, sir, I
would give my friend $2,000 a year to go and
occupy them. If I have not the money myself,
I will promise to raise it by subscription, and
give him $2,000 to go there and occupy those
rooms; and if the Government charges him a
rental, I will pay that to boot. As I have
already said, tne Commissioner is there not
of choice, but of necessity. A great number
of people, day after day and night after night,
and especially on Sundays, are in the various
parts of the agricultural grounds. The Com-
missioner is there to have a watchful eye over
them. He gives directions to the watchmen,
and no evil deeds have been perpetrated there,
so far as I know, since the Commissioner took
up his residence in that building. His prede-
cessor also resided there, and I believe the
predecessor of his predecessor resided there,
too, although I am nor certain about that.
This is a Department representing the lead-
ing industry of this country. It represents the
industry which lies at the foundation of every
industry, and at the foundation of the pros-
perity of the American Republic. And yet,
sir, gentlemen are not willing that the Com-
missioner of Agriculture, or rather the Depart-
ment of Agriculture, should have that money
which has been assigned to it by the act of
organization. I very much regret that gen-
tlemen should treat the Department in that
way. I withdraw the amendment to the amend
ment.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Maynard, to strike out " $3,000" and
insert " $5,000" as the salary of the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture, it was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
For purchase and distribution of new and valu-
able seeds and plants, $50,000; for expense of put-
ting up the same, for labor, bagging, paper, twine,
gum, and other necessary materials, $5,000.
Mr. YOUNG. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Strike out " $50,000" and insert" $75,000."
I believe, sir, that all the members of this
House who represent the rural districts are
equally interested in this appropriation, and
that they all agree with me when I say that we
do not get enough of these seeds to distribute
in many parts of our districts. In many parts
of the South and West farmers cannot obtain
the seeds issued by the Department.
In 1864 the appropriation for this purpose
was $54,000; in 1865 it was $61,000; in 1866
it was $60,000, and in 1867 it was $80,000;
and at that time eleven States were not rep-
resented in this House, and received none of
the benefits of the Department. Why it was
cut down I do not understand. I believe the
appropriation for this purpose last year
amounted to $50,000, and as there are about
three hnndred Senators and members, we
ought to have been entitled to over one hun-
dred and fifty dollars' worth of seeds each, but
I believe twenty dollars would cover the valu-
of all the Beeds that members of the House
got; it certainly would cover what I got. I
would like the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wil-
son] to tell us where the appropriation goes,
and at the same time 1 would like to have it
increased.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the gentleman
from Georgia takes his seat I would beg to say
that, as I understand it, the principal amount
of these seeds are distributed directly from the
bureau without the intervention of members
of Congress, and the reason why we receive
such a limited amount is that the appropri-
ation is so small.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Last winter I
called the attention of the House to the effect
of the motion made, I believe, by the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Young] himself, or
certainly by some one upon his side of the
House, to increase this appropriation to
$50,000, an increase of $15,000 over and
above the estimate sent te us by the Depart-
ment. That was done, and now the increased
amount, $50,000, which we granted last winter
comes in here as the regular estimate, and it is
proposed to increase the amount to $75,000.
The point made in favor of that increase is
that members of Congress want more pack-
ages of seeds to distribute to their constitu-
ents. Sir, the real value of this distribution
of seeds consists in the fact that the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture can distribute them to
those portions of the country where from cli-
mate and soil the seeds will stand the best
chance of growing. If seeds are distributed
to us there may come seeds to people in my
part of the country that will not grow in that
climate at all. It is therefore wise and pru-
dent that the Commissioner himself should dis-
tribute the seeds from his own office, and, as
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Matnard]
has well said, they will be better distributed
in that mode than if sent to us.
Mr. BARRY. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. What prudence is there in the
Commissioner distributing seeds as he sees fit
and denying the applications made by mem-
bers of Congress for seeds adapted to the
peculiar climate and soil of the States they
represent ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, I do not know
that the Commissioner does deny such appli-
cations.
Mr. BARRY. I know it to be the fact; and
I know furthermore that the seeds distributed
to the Representatives of southern States have
been distributed when it was too late for their
practical use. I have labored with the Com-
missioner in this matter to get seeds in advance,
knowing that we need them one or two months
earlier than they are needed in the northern
States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not agree
that the Commissioner of Agriculture has not
done his work well. I have not said so; but
if the gentleman thinks that he is not doing
his work well, that is surely a good reason for
not increasing this appropriation to $75,000.
I think it is enough if we allow the Depart-
ment what they ask for this purpose.
Mr. YOUNG. I move pro forma to amend
the amendment by increasing the amount of
the appropriation to $80,000.
I do not deny that the Commissioner of Agri-
culture is discharging his duties properly, and
I do not care how the seed are distributed,
so that they are distributed; but I want to
increase the appropriation so that my people
may get more of these seeds, and I hope the
committee will increase the appropriation. I
withdraw the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. I renew the amend-
ment, for the purpose of calling the attention of
gentlemen of the House to the fact that in the
region of country which I and my friend from
Georgia represent there is now a demand for
these seeds from a class of persons who are en-
tering, so to speak, for the first time into the
field of labor, to wit, the colored men. I do not
know what my friend's experience is, but my
own is that from that class of persons there is
a growing demand for seeds, and in all that
section of country there is not a more pre'ssing
demand for any action on the part of the Fed-
eral Government than for the distribution of
agricultural seeds and agricultural information.
And it is particularly to meet this demand,
as we appreciate it in the southern section of
the country, that I favor and I believe every
other gentleman from that section of the
country favors an increase of this appropri-
ation.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman
allow me a moment?
Mr. WHITTHORNE. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wanted a moment
ago to state that having exhausted the sup-
plies furnished me by the Commissioner of Agri-
culture, I forwarded to that Department the
communications I received from my constitu-
ents for supplies of seeds. Those requests
were complied with, until at last I received a
communication from the Commissioner saying
that the full amount to which my district was
entitled had been already drawn, and inti-
mated that I should send to him no more com-
munications of that sort.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. Such has been my
own experience; such was the reply made to
me from that Department. I take pleasure
in adding that I have found the Commissioner
of Agriculture at all times courteous and ready
to meet any demands I have made upon him.
Mr. SARGENT. It seems to me that gentle-
men proceed upon an entirely wrong theory in
advocating this amendment. The purpose of
making this appropriation is not to furnish seeds
to any one and all who may be likely to plant
them. The idea is that there may be certain
rare seeds sought out and put in the hands of
experienced agriculturists, who will give them
a fair trial and report the results to the Depart-
ment. For this purpose a limited amount i3
appropriated each year. Now, to say that it
is for the purpose of furnishing all who may
desire to plant seeds for the purpose of raising
food is absurd and contrary to the policy of
the Government in this respect.
We simply propose to put in the hands of
the Agricultural Department enough money to
secure a fair trial of these experiments, but
not to enable the Commissioner to give mem-
bers of Congress enough seeds to enable them
to curry favor with all their constituents, by
loading down the United States mails with
packages of seeds of every description for the
use of all the people they represent, black and
white. I suppose there are those who would
be very glad to have the Government appro-
priate a million or two of dollars in order to fur-
nish seeds of all kinds, roots and bulbs, pota-
toes, sweet and white, and things of that kind,
for the people of their districts, and a great
many would be glad to have all their expenses
paid out of the Treasury. But that is not the
purpose of appropriations like these.
This appropriation is supposed to be for a
purpose of scientific value. For instance,
where there is a failure of a particular kind of
wheat, it is intended that the Department
shall be enabled to make an investigation of
the subject, to have some particular kind of
wheat sown in limited quantities by experi-
enced agriculturists in order to ascertain if it
will avoid the rust, and other difficulties at-
tending the cultivation of other kinds of wheat.
It is not intended that he shall distribute
large quantities of seeds broadcast all over the
country to whoever may want seed to plant
forpurposes of food.
Tne amount which this bill proposes to ap-
propriate, including the increase of $15,000
made last year, is ample for that purpose. If
you increase the appropriation this year to
$75,000, why may you not increase it next
year to $100,000, and go on increasing it
thereafter until the appropriation shall reach
half a million or a million dollars? Cer-
tainly you will do so, if gentlemen who want
to supply seeds without limit to their constit-
uents continue to vote for these increased
appropriations.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. I withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
The question was then taken upon the
amendment moved by Mr. Young ; and on a
division, there were—ayes 64, noes 55; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Garfield,
of Ohio, and Mr. Young were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 70, noesfi4.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I b^gin to see
seed, [secede,] Mr. Chairman. [Laughter.]
So the amendment was agreed to.
