1873.
iTHB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IMS
by both the parties. Mr. Brooks had taken such an
interest m the Credit Mobilier Company, and was so
connected with Dr. Durant, that he must be ro-
garded as having full knowledge of the relations
between that company and the railroad company,
and of the contracts between them. He must have
known the cause of the sudden increase in value of
the Credit Mobilier stock, and how the large ex-
pected profits were to made. We have already
expressed our views of the propriety of ajmembetf
of Congress becoming: the owner of stock possessing
this knowledge.
But Mr. Brooks was not only a member of Con-
cress, buthe was a Government director in the Unioji
Pacific Company. As such it was his duty to guard
and watch over the interests of the Government in
the road, and to see that they were protected and
preserved. To insure such faithfulness on the part
of Government directors, Congress wisely provided
that they should not be stockholders in the road.
Mr. Brooks readily saw that, though becoming a
stockholder in the Credit Mobilier was not forbid-
den by the letter of the law, yet it was a violation
of its spirit and essence, and tnerefore bad the stock
placed in the name of his son-in-law. The transfer
of the Oakes Ahes contract to the trustees, and the
building of the road under that contract, from which
the enormous dividends werederived, was all during
Mr. Brooks's official life as a Government director,
and must have been within his knowledge, and yet
passed without the slightest opposition from him.
The committee believed this could not have been
done without an entire disregard of his official obli-
gation and duty, and that while appointed to guard
the public interests in the road he joined himself
with the promoters of a scheme whereby the Gov-
ernment was to bedefrauded, and shared in thespoil.
In the conclusions of fact upon the evidence the
committee are entirely agreed.
In considering what action we ought to recom-
mend to the House upon these facts, the committee
encounter a question which hasbeen much debated.
Has this House power and jurisdiction to inquire
concerning offenses committed by its members prior
to their election, and to punish them by censure or
expulsion? The committee are unanimous upon
the right of jurisdiction of this House over the eases
of Mr. Ames and Mr.BiiooKS, upon the facts found
in regard to them. Upon the question of jurisdiction
the cominittee present the following views:
The Constitution, in the fifth section of the first
article, defines the power of either House as fol-
lows:
" Bach House may determine the rules of its pro-
ceedings, punish its members for disorderly behav-
ior, and, with the concurrence of two thirds, expel
a member."
It will be observed that there is no Qualification of
the power, but there is an important qualification
of the manner of its exercise; itmustbe done " with
the concurrence of two thirds."
The close analogy between this power and the
power of impeachment is deserving of consideration.
The great purpose of the power of impeachment is
to remove an unfit and unworthy incumbent from
office, and though a judgment of impeachment may
to some extent operate as punishment, that isnofc its
principal object. Members of Congress are notsub-
ject to be impeached, but may be expelled ; and the
principal purpose of expulsion is not as punishment,
but to remove a member whose character and con-
duct shows that he is an unfit man to participate in
the deliberations and decisions of the body, and
whose presence in it tends to bring the body into
contempt and disgrace.
In both cases it is a power of purgation and puri-
fication, to be exercised for the public safety, and, in
the case of expulsion, for the protection and char-
acter of the House. The Constitution defines the
causes of impeachment, to wit, " treason, bribery,
or other high crimes and misdemeanors." Thetfffice
Oi the power of expulsion is so much the same as
that of the power tor impeach that we think it may
be safely assumed that whatever would be a good
cause of impeachment would also be a good cause
ofexpulsion.
It has never been contended that the power, to
impeach for any of the causes enumerated was in-
tended to be restricted to those which might occur
after appointment to a civil offiOe, so that a civil
officer who had secretly committed such offense be-
fore his appointment should not be subject, upon
detection and exposure, to be convicted and removed
from office. Every consideration of justice and
sound policy would seem to require that the public
interests be secured, and those chosen to be their
guardians be free from the pollution of high crimes,
no matter at what time that pollution had attached.
If this be so in regard to other civil officers, under
institutions which rest upon the intelligence and
virtue of the people, can U well be claimed that the
law-making Representative may be vile and crim-
inal with impunity, provided the evidences of his
corruption are found to antedate his election / .
In the report made to the senate by John Unincy
Adams, in December, 1807, upon the case ot John
Smith, of Ohio, the following language t is used:
" The power of expelling a member for misconduct
results on the principles of commoft sense, irom the
interests of the nation, that the high trust bf legisla-
tion shall be invested m purer hands. When the
trust is elective, it is not to be presumed that the
constituent bods7 will commit the deposit to the
keeping of worthless characters. But when a man
whom his fellow-citizens have honored with tiieir
confidence, on a pledge of a spotless reputation, nas
degraded himself by the commission of intamous
crimes, which become suddenly and unexpectedly
revealed to the world, defective indeed would be
that institution which should be impotent to discard
from its bosom the contagion of such a member
which should have no remedy of amputation to
apply until the poison had reached the heart."
The ca#e of Smith was that of a Senator who, after
his election, but not during a session of the Senate,
had been involved in the treasonable conspiracy of
Aaron Burr. Yet the reasoning is general, and was
to antagonize some positions wnich had been taken
m the case of Marshall, a'Senator from Kentucky;
the Senate in that case having, among other reasons,
declined to take jurisdiction of the charge, for the
reason that the alleged offense had been committed
prior to the Senator's election, and was matter cog-
nizable by the criminal courts of Kentucky. None
of the commentators upon the Constitution or upon
parliamentary law assign any such limitation as to
the time of the commission of the offense, or the
nature of it, which shall control and limitthe power
of expulsion.
On the contrary, they all assert that the power in
its very nature is a discretionary one, to be exercised
of course with grave circumspection at all times, and
only for good cause. Story, Kent, and Sergeant, all
seem to accept and rely upon the exposition of Mr.
Adams in the Smith case as sound. May, in his
Parliamentary Practice, page 59, enumerates the
causes for expulsion from Parliament, but he no-
where intimates that the offense must have been
committed subsequent to the election.
When it is remembered that the framers of our
Constitution were familiar with the parliamentary
law of England, and must have had in mind the
recent contests then over Wilkes's case, it is impos-
sible to conclude that theymeantto limit thedisere-
tionof the Houses as to thecausesof expulsion. Itis
a received principleof construction that the Consti-
tution is to be interpreted according to the known
rules of law at the time of its adoption, and there-
fore, when we find them dealing with ja recognized
subject of legislative authority, and while studiously
qualifying and restricting the manner of its exer-
cise, assigning no limitation to the subject-matter
itself, they must be assumed to have intended to
leave that to be determined according to established
principles, as a high prerogative power, to bo exer-
cised according to the sound discretion of the bodv.
It was not to be apprehended that two thirds of the
Representatives of the people would ever exercise
this power in any capricious or arbitrary manner, or
trifle with, or trample upon, constitutional rights.
At the same time it could not be foreseen what ne-
cessities for self-preservation or self-purification
might arise in the legislative body. Therefore it
was that they did not, and would not, undertake to
limit or define the boundaries of those necessities.
The doctrine that the jurisdiction of the House
over its members is exclusively confined to matters
arising subsequent to their election, and that the
body is bound to retain the vilest criminal as a
member if his criminal secret was kept until his
election was secured, has been supposed by many
to have been established and declared in the famous
case of John Wilkes, before alluded to. A short
statement of that case will show how fallacious is
that supposition. Wilkes had been elected a mem-
ber of Parliament for Middlesex, and in 1764 wa-s
expelled for having published a libel of th,e minis-
try. He was again elected, and again expelled, for
a similar offense on the 3d of February, 1769. Being
again elected on the 17th of Fobruary, 1769, the
Commons passed the following resolution: "That
John Wilkes, esq., having been in this session of
Parliament expelled this House, was, and is, in-
capable of being elected a member to serve in this
present Parliament.'' Wilkes was again elected,
but the House of Commons declared thatseat vacant
and ordered a new election. At this election Wilkes
was again elected by 1,143 votes, against 296 for his
competitor, Luttrell.
On the 15th of April, 1769, the House decided that
by the previous action Wilkes had become ineligi-
ble, and that the votes given for him were void and
could not be counted, and gave the seat to Luttrell.
Subsequently, in 178B, the House of Commons de-
clared the resolution of February 17,1769, which had
asserted the incapacity of an expelled member to be
reelected to the same Parliament, to be subversive
of the rights of electors, and expunged it from the
journal. It will be seen from this concise statement
of Wilkes's case, that the question was not raised
as to the power of the^ House to expel a member for
offenses committed prior to his election ; the point
decided, and afterward most properly expunged,
was that expulsions per se rendered the expelled
member legally ineligible, and that votes cast for
him could not be counted. Wilkes's offense was of
purely a political character, not involving moral
turpitude; he had attacked the ministry in tho
press, and the proceedings "against him m Parlia-
ment were then claimed to be a partisan political
persecution, subversive of the rights of the people
and of the liberty of the press. These proceedings
in Wilkes's case took place during the appearance of
the famous Junius letters, and several of them are
devoted to the discussion of them. The doctrine
that expulsion creates ineligibility was attacked and
exposed by him with great force. But he concedes
that if the cause ot expulsion be one that renders a
man unfit and unworthy to be a member, he may
be expelled for that cause as often as he shall be
The case of Matteson, in the House of Representa-
tives, has also often been quoted as a precedent ior
this limitation of jurisdiction, In the proceedings
and debates of the' House upon that case it will be
seen that this was one among many grounds taken
in the debate; but as the whole subject was ended
by being laid on the table, it is quite impossible to ;
say what was decided by the Hous$. It appeared,
however, in thatcase that the charge against Matfce-
son had become public, and his letter upon wh,ich
the whole charge rested had been published and
circulated through his district during the canvass
preceding his election. This fact, we judge, had a
most important influence in determining the action
of the House in his case.
The committee have no occasion in this report to
discuss the question as to t£e power or duty of the
House in a case whero a constituency, with a full
knowledge of the objectionable character of a man,
have selected him to be their Representative. It is
hardly a case to be supposed, that any constituency,
withafull knowledge that aman had-been guilty of
an offense involving moral turpitude, would elect
him. The majority of the comittee are not prepared
to concede such a man could be forced upon the
House, and would not consider.the expulsion of such
a man any violation of the rights of the electors, for
while the electors have rights that should be re-
spected, the House as a body has rights also that
should beprotected and preserved. Butthatin such
case thejudgment of the constituency would be en-
titled to the greatest consideration, and that this
should form an important element in its determina-
tion, is readily admitted.
Ilib universally conceded, as we believe, that the
House has ample jurisdiction to punish or expel a
member for an offense committed during his term
as a member, though committed during a vacation
of Congress and in no way connected with his duties
as a member. Upon what principle is it that such a
jurisdiction can be maintained? It must be upon
one or the other or both of the following: that the
offense shows him to be an unworthy and improper
man to be a member, or that, his conduct brings
odium and reproach upon the body. But suppose
the offense has been committed prior to his election,
butcomcs to light afterward, is the effect upon his
own character, or the reproach and disgrace upon the
body, if they allow hitn to remain a member, any
theless? We can see no difference in prinoiple in
the two cases, and to attempt any would be to create
a purely technical and arbitrary distinction, having
no just foundation. In our judgment, the time is
not at all material, except it be coupled with the
further fact that he was reelected with a knowledge
on the part of his constituents of what he had been
guilty, and in such event we have given our views
of the effect.
It seoms to us absurd to'say that an election has
given a man political absolution for an offense
which was unknown to his constituents. If it be
urged again, as it has sometimes been, thatthis view
of the power of the House, and the true ground of
its proper exercise, may be laid hold of and used
improperly, it. may be answered that no rule, how-
ever narrow and limited, that may be adopted, can
prevent it. If two thirds of the House shall sco fit
to expel a man because they do not like his polit-
ical or religious principles, or without any reason at
all, they have the power, and there is no remedy
except by appeal to the people. Such exercise of
the power would be wrongful, and violative of the
principles of the Constitution* but we see no encour-
agement of such wrong in the views we hold.
It is the duty of each House to exercise its right-
ful functions upon appropriate occasions, and to
trust that those who come after them will be no less
faithful to duty and no less jealous for the rights?
of free popular representation than themselves. It
will be quite time enough to square other cases with
right reason and principle when they arise. Per-
haps the best way to prevent them will be to main-
tain strictly public integrity and public honor in all
cases as they present themselves. Nor do we imagine
that the people of the United States will charge
their servants with invading their privileges when
they confine themselves to the preservation of a
standard of offieial integrity which the common
instincts of humanity recognize as essential to ail
social order and good government.
The foregoing are tho views which we deem proper
to submit upon the general question of the jurisdic-
tion of the House over its members. But apart from
these general views, the committee are of opinion
that the facts found in the present case amply justify
the taking jurisdiction over them for the following
reasons :
The subject-matter upon which the action of mem-
bers was intended to be influenced was of a con-
tinuous character, and was as likely to be a subject
ot congressional action in future Congresses as in the
Fortieth. The influences brought to bear on mem-
bers were as likely to be operative ufron them in the
future as in the present, and were so intended. Mr.
Ames and Mr. Bkooks have both continued mem-
bers of the House to the present time, and so have
most of the members upon whom these influences
were sought to be exerted. The committee are
therefore of opinion that tho acts of these men may
properly be treated as offenses against the present
House, and so within its jurisdiction upon the most
limited rule.
Two members of the committee, Mr. Niblaok and
Mr. McCeaev, prefer to express no opinion on the
general jurisdictional question discussed in the re-
port, and rest their judgment wholly on the ground
last stated.
In relation to Mr. Ames, he sold to several mem-
bers of Congress stock of the Credit Mobilier Com-
pany at par, when it was worth double that amount
or more, with the purpose and intent thereby to in-
fluence their votes and decisions upon matters to
come before Congress. „
The facts found in the report as to Mr. Brooks
shdw that he used the influence of his official posi-
tion as member of Congress and Government
