THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows :
For the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of tho
United States, 8I8..t00 ; and for eight associate or
retired justices, $8,000 each; in all, $72,500.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
the paragraph just read by striking out the
words "or retired;" and also by adding
"for two retired justices of the Supreme
Court, $16,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
To pay judgments of the Court of Claims, $400,000.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I move to
amend by inserting after the clause just read
the following:
Provided, however. That no judgment rendered by
mid court under the act of Congress, approved March
1_. 1363, entitled "An act to provide for the collec-
tion of abandoned property and for the prevention
of fraud in iasurreetioaary districts within the Uni-
ted States" for the proceeds of property seiced prior
to June 30, 1865, shall be ijaid out of this appropria-
tion. nor shall any such judgment be paid unless a
special appropriation therefor be mode by Congress.
I cannot vote for this paragraph, nor can I
vote against it without qualification, without
misrepresenting the views of my constituents.
In order that I may speak understanding^, I
desire to be informed by the chair mas of the
Committee on Appropriations whether he
understands this appropriation as intended to
cover all judgments rendered by the Court of
Claims during the year for which the appro-
priation was made.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suppose so.
It is the ordinary estimate for whatever judg-
ments may be rendered.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Now, sir, the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
was never more mistaken in his lite. The
appropriations for the past year for this pur-
pose was only $500,000; the appropriation
for the year prior to that was $100,000 ; yet,
sir, the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
upon page 44, shows that he had paid judg-
ment of the Court of Claims for the fiscal year
ending June 80, 1872, to the amount of
$1,278,000; that for the same year of judg-
ments that were unpaid the amount in the
aggregate was $1,804,970.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My friend will
allow me to ask him how that shows that the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
is mistaken ? He asked whether the appropri-
ation in the bill was to pay any judgment
which might be rendered by the Court of
Claims ; I said I supposed it was, and he said
I was mistaken.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I understood
the gentleman from Ohio to state a year ago
in the debate on "the Morrill amendment "
that all the money received as the proceeds
of cotton seized under the captured and aban-
doned property act had been covered into the
Treasury, and that not one cent of it would
be paid out except in pursuance of an appro-
priation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. So I understand.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. And the gen-
tleman predicated his statement upon the act
which I understood him to say was passed in
July, 1870. I am informed, Mr. Chairman,
and I desire the House to be admonished of
the fact, that without any appropriation the
Secretary of the Treasury is paying these
judgments for the proceeds of captured cotton,
and that the only appropriations asked from
Congress are for judgments rendered for other
causes and actions than the proceeds of cap-
tured and abandoned property.
I hold in my hand the report of the clerk
of the Court of Claims of judgments rendered
by that court for the year ending December 2.
1872. Of ninety-nine judgments rendered
against the Government, eighty-seven are for
the proceeds of captured cotton and two for
money seized in the city of New Orleans under
the captured and abandoned property act,
while General Banks was in cotamand of the
department of the Gulf; and the aggregate
amount of tho.se judgments rendered during
the year ending December 2, 1872, was
$2,201,000.
Now, there is another pregnant fact that I
want this House to understand. Running my
eye over this list of judgments, I struck at
random upon the judgment rendered in favor
of Andrew Lowe, of Savannah. I fixed upon
this because the amount seemed to be large ;
and I asked the clerk of the court if he would
show me the record in the case. That record
shows that this judgment for $474,685—more
than four times as much as the claims pend-
ing before our committee of all the loyal Union
men for private property seized and taken for
public use under the authority of the Constitu-
tion—was rendered on the 22d day of April
last. I desire to read a single clause from the
opinion of the court in that case:
" There is no satisfactory proof of the claimant's
loyalty. On the contrary, he appears to have been
one of the commissioners to negotiate the $15,000,000
confederate States loan."
Now, I want this House to understand when
they are making this appropriation and allowing
the Court of Claims to render these judgments
and the Secretary of the Treasury to pay them,
with no intimation to the House as to the con-
sideration for the judgments or the character
of the claimants, that we are simply asked to
"go it blind,"while every consideration of
duty impels us to inquire who these claimants
are, ana whether they are entitled to be the
preferred creditors of the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. YOUNG. I hope the amendment will
be again reported.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not quite
understand the point made by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. AMBLER. The gentleman from New
York has not been able to conclude his re-
marks, and I hope by unanimous consent he
will be allowed to continue them.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I also hope
that unanimous consent will be accorded to
the gentleman from New York to finish his
remarks. The gentleman has not yet suffi-
ciently explained himself so as to make it
clear to me what his objection is to this ap-
propriation. Certainly I do not see why,
when he asked me the object of the appropri-
ation and I explained it, he answered, I was
never more mistaken in my life. He has not
yet said anything to show that I was at all
mistaken. This appropriation is the ordinary
one, made according to the estimates sent from
the Secretary of the Treasury from year to year.
The gentleman says that the payments made
in consequence of judgments of the courts far
exceed the appropriation. That may be, for
there are some permanent appropriations ap-
plicable to the judgments of courts, so that the
whole sum need not come into an annual ap-
propriation bill. But I am desirous of hear-
ing all that the gentleman has to say before I
discuss the subject further.
I regret that the gentleman did not inform
the Committee on Appropriations of the dis-
covery he has made, so that we might aid him
in its examination. The points he has made
are, some of them, new to me. I propose after
he has concluded a full statement of them,
which I hope the committee will give him
time to do, that the committee shall rise and
the House adjourn, that every member may
make full examination of the questions raised
before we meet to-morrow.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
the gentleman from New York concluding his
speech ?
There was no objection.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Mr. Chairman,
when last spring the Morrill amendment,
which the Senate had passed to protect us
against the claims of disloyal claimants in the
Court of Claims, was voted down in the House,
I remained silent under the assurance of the
gentleman from Ohio, in which I had implicit
confidence, that no part of the proceeds of this
captured cotton should be paid out of the Treas-
ury except on specific appropriation. I will do
myself the justice to say to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] that these facts were not
in my possession fully until this morning, when
I had no opportunity to communicate with him.
Now, sir, I wish to admonish this House of
one other thing. This is the only record of
the Court of Claims I have examined, and I
present it as possibly a specimen "brick" of
the batch. But I do know, sir, that there is a
claim pending before the Court of Claims in
favor of a man, perhaps you have heard tell
of him, Mr. Chairman, Mr. G. P. Lamar, of
Savannah, for the net proceeds of captured
cotton amounting to $1,065,000; a man who
was celebrated, if not notorious, as the most
daring and intrepid blockade-runner in the
whole South during the rebellion. As I am
informed by a gentleman in the clerk's office
in the Court of Claims, when that claim passes
into judgment it ^rill be paid, and this House
and the country will never know of it unless
somebody has the perseverance and industry
to go to the Treasury Department and go mous-
ing among the records; so that, to use a vulgar
phrase, it would require a Philadelphia lawyer
to tell whether this was ever paid or not.
Mr. YOUNG. I wish to interrupt the gen-
tleman for the purpose of making a correc-
tion. This claimant is not the blockade-runner.
He is the father of the blockade-runner, whose
name was Charles Lamar, and who was killed
at Columbus, Georgia. G. B. Lamar, the
claimant referred to, was not known by the
confederate government as a blockade-runner.
This is my information on the subject. This
gentleman' may have run the blockade, and I
suppose he did run the blockade, but hewas not
notorious as a blockade-runner, and his name
was not known as such at the headquarters
of the Government.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. The gentleman
from Georgia is bound to defend his constit-
uent, and says charitably that he only suspects
he did run the blockade. I have from reliable
information proof of the fact that he was indus-
triously engaged in blockade-running, and his
name is not unknown to the country.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire to state
another case. 1 have reliable information
that cotton which was subscribed to the con-
federate States loan when the confederacy was
about to collapse was transferred by officers
and agents of the confederacy to parties who
were supposed to be loyal, and in some cases
to many on purpose to cover it from seizure.
And I have information of one case which
is within the personal knowledge of a member
of this House, that cotton which was sub-
scribed to the confederate loan and was on
its way for delivery to the place required, and
was seized in transitu, is now claimed, and the
claim is being pressed either in the Court of
Claims or before the Secretary of the Treasury.
Now, sir, what I ask by my amendment is
this: that we shall be informed from this
Court of Claims as to the judgments that are
rendered there so that we shall know what we
are doing when we make appropriations to pay
those judgments. I do not believe, sir, that
even our southern friends in the House desire
to be swift to furnish the money to run and pay
the judgments of this court while loyal men are
left out in the wet. And now, sir, a remark
on one other point before I take my seat.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the gentleman
passes to another point, I will, with bis per-
mission, ask him whether he has ascertained
from the Treasury Department on what author-
ity the Secretary has paid these judgments ?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I have not
ascertained it, because I have had no oppor-
tunity of inquiring since I ascertained this
morning the facts I have stated.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to ask
