502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJC.
January 10,
the gentleman whether the state of the law
is siK-h now that a man may be paid in the
Court of Claims without a special act of
appropriation by Congress? Is there no limit-
ation there upon the amount of the judgment?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. It is certainly
so construed by the clerk of the Court of
Claims, and by the Secretary of the Treasury,
as 1 infer. And I state that to be my infer-
ence from the record of the Secretary of the
Treasury in his report, that for the year end-
ing June 30, 1872, he had paid $1,'278,000
upon these judgments, whereas the appropri-
ation aid not exceed $500,000 at that time.
There has been about $1,000,000 appropriated
for the entire three years.
If the House will indulge me, I desire to call
attention to one other point, in order to show
what is the real situation of this matter.
When the Court of Claims was authorized to
take jurisdiction of these cotton claims by the
act of 1863, it was in these words:
" And any person claiming to have been the
owner of any such abandoned or captured property,
may at any time within two years after the suppres-
sion of the rebellion prefer his claim to the pioceeds
thereof in the Court of Claims, and on proof to the
satisfaction of said court of his ownership ot said
property, and of his-right to the proceeds thereof,
and that he has never given any aid or comfort to
the present rebellion, he may recover."
Subsequently to that Congress passed an
act, which was approved July 25, 1868, section
three of which reads thus:
"That whenever it shall be material in any suit
or claim before any court to ascertain whether any
person did or did not give any aid or comfort to the
late rebellion, the claimant or party asserting the
loyalty of any such person to the United States
during said rebellion shall be required to prove
affirmatively that said person did. during said rebel-
lion consistently adhere to the United States, and
did give no aid or comfort to persons engaged in
such rebellion."
After the passage of that act, in the Paddle-
ford case, the Court of Claims ruled that where
a claimant had been pardonedby the proclama-
tion of the President, he could recover if he had
been an active partieipant in the war of the
rebellion against the Government. In order
to cover and defend the Treasury against such
claims under that decision, Congress passed
what was called the Drake amendment, which
reads in part as follows:
" Provided, That no pardon or amnesty granted by
the President, whether general or special, by proc-
lamation or otherwise, nor any acceptance of such
pardon or amnesty, nor oath taken, nor other act
performed in pursuance or condition thereof, shall
be admissible as evidence on the part of any claim-
ant in the Court of Claims as evidence in support of
any claim against the United States, or to establish
the standing of any claimant in said court, or his
right to bring or maintain any suit therein."
And that amendment was declared uncon-
stitutional. The Supreme Court of the United
States waded right through these three statutes
of Congress, holding that a man like Mr. La-
mar, who does not pretend to have been a loyal
man in his petition or in his papers on the
files of the court, but simply declares that
he has taken the oath of allegiance—that
such a man may come into court and recover
his $1,065,000 of the proceeds of his cotton.
Now, sir, I desire to speak in terms of great
respect of the decisions of the Supreme Court.
But the point which I make, and with that 1
will close, is just this: one portion of this de-
cision of the Supreme Court is as follows:
" But it has been said"—
says the Chief Justice—
" that the property was captured in fact, if not law-
fully. and that the proceeds having been paid into
the Treasury of the United States, the petitioner is
without remedy in the Court of Claims, unless proof
it! made that he gave no aid or comfort to the rebel-
lion. The suggestion is ingenious, but we do not
think it sound. The sufficient answer to it is, that
after the pardon no connivance with the rebellion
c n be imputed to him. If in otherrespccts the peti-
tioner made proof which, under the act, entitled him
to a decree for the ^proceeds of his property, the law
makes the proof of pardon a complete substitute for
proof that he gave no aid or comfort to the rebel-
lion."
That is a significant passage.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire the
attention of the committee for only a moment.
The suggestions hy the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Smith] are important; they are
new, new to me at least. I do not mean to
say that the suggestion concerning the decis-
ion of the court, but the point he makes, as
I understand him, is that very large; sums of
money have been paid out without an appro-
priation by law, and that is a most grave
matter.
When I was on my feet a few moments since
I did not intend to say that the judgment of
the court itself acted as an appropriation. If
I said that, or was understood to say it, I blun-
dered in my statement. The Constitution dis-
tinctly provides that no money shall be drawn
out of the Treasury except in pursuance of
appropriations by Congress; but we have what
are called permanent appropriations, where by
law we have made permanent appropriations
out of which a certain class of claims shall be
paid as they arise. Now, there are certain
judgments of the court that come under this
class of permanent appropriations, so that we
do not from year to year make appropriations
for all the expenditures to be made in that
year.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to have read the seventh section of
the act of March 3, 1863.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will do so,
but before it is read I desire to say that I
acknowledge the great importance of the point
which the gentleman from New York has
brought before the House, but I do not see
from anything that he has brought forward
that any officer of the Government or any
court has been exceeding its authority, and I
beg the House not so to consider without
further hearing.
Mr. SMITH, of&ew York. I desire to say
that I have not intended to intimate any such
charge, but have simply referred to a defect
in the law which I think is covered by iny
amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I thought from
the gentleman's speech that he had discovered
something very bad in the management of our
&£f&irs
Mr. SMITH, of New Y*ork. Then I was
misconstrued.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 ask now for
the reading of the seventh section of the act
of March, 1863.
The Clerk read as follows:
" And be it further enacted, Thatip all cases of final
judgments by said court; or on appeal by the said
Supreme Court where the same shall be affirmed in
favor of the claimant, the sum due thereby shall
be paid out of any general appropriation made by
law for the payment and satisfaction of private
claims on presentation to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury of acopy of said judgment, certified by the clerk
of said Court of Claims, and signed by the Chief
Justice, or, in his absence, by the presiding judge
of said court. And in cases where the judgment
appealed from is in favor of said claimant, or the
same is affirmed by the said Supreme Court, interest
thereon at the rate of five per cent, shall be i
al lowed from the date of its presentation to the Sec-
retary of the Treasnry for payment as aforesaid, but
no interest shall be allowed subsequent to the
affirmance unless presented for payment to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury as aforesaid: Provided, That
no interest shall be allowed on any claim up to the
time of the rendition of the judgment by said Court
of Claims unless upon a contract expressly stipu-
lating for the payment of interest; and it, shall be
the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury at the
commencement of each Congress to include in hia
report or [a] statement of all sums paid at the
Treasury on such judgments, together with the
names of the parties in whose favor the same were
allowed: And it is further provided. That such
payments shall be a full discharge to the United
States of all claim or demand touching any of the
matters involved in the controversy: And provided
further. That any final judgment rendered against
the claimant on any claim prosecnted as aforesaid,
shall forever bar any farther claim or demand
against the United States arising out of the matters
involved in the controversy.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the special order,
being the bill (H. 11. No. 2991) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1874, and for other pur-
poses, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
adjournment ovkk.
Mr. YOUNG. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope not; I
hope we shall have a session to-morrow.
The question was put on Mr. Young's mo-
tion ; and on a division there were—ayea 41,
noes 53.
So the motion was not agreed to.
return of a bii.l to the senate.
The SPEAKER. The Senate requests the
return by the House of the bill (H. R. No.
1891) to amend an act entitled "An act to
establish the Department of Justice, and for
other purposes." If there be no objection
the bill will be returned. The Chair hears
none.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly
enrolled a bill of the following title ; when the
Speaker signed the same:
A bill (H. R. No. 3365) to amend an act
entitled "An act to authorize the appointment
of shipping commissioners," &c., approved
June 7, 1872.
And then, on motion of Mr. GARFIELD,
of Ohio, (at four o'clock and forty minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BRAXTON: The petition of Mary
W. Jones, widow of the late Commodore
Thomas Ap C. Jones, United States Navy.
By Mr. C0BURN: The petition of James
R. Armstrong, a soldier of the war of 1812,
for a pension.
By mr. COX: The petition of U. D. Lud-
low, for an extension of patents.
By Mr. FRYE: The petition of the Supreme
Council of the Templars of Honor and Tem-
perance of the United States—A. W. Tibbitts,
most worthy templar, Reuben C. Ball, most
worthy recorder—asking the prohibition of
the manufacture, importation, and sale of
al 1 intoxicating liquors as a beverage in the
Territories of the United States and in the
District of Columbia.
Also, the memorial of the National Temper-
ance Society, Hon. William E. Dodge, presi-
dent, J. N. Stearns, secretary, asking for a
commission of inquiry concerning the results
of the traffic in intoxicating liquors; of re-
strictive and prohibitory legislation for the
suppression of .intemperance, and what addi-
tional legislation, if any, by Congress would
be beneficial to prohibit in the sphere of na-
tional authority all intoxicating liquors as a
beverage.
By Mr. HERND0N : The petitiou of John
H. Reagan, of Anderson county, Texas, for
the removal of his political disabilities im-
posed by the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of John
D. Tharm, for relief, with accompanying
papers.
By Mr. LAMPORT: The memorial of the
Ghent Temperancfe Association of the State of
New York, asking for a commission of inquiry
concerning the results of the traffic in intoxi-
cating liquors; also, of restrictive legislation
for the suppression of intemperance.
Also, the petition of the Supreme Council of
