1466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
director in the Union Pacific Railroad Company to
get fi% shares of the stock of the Credit Mobilier
Company at par, when it was worth three or four
times that sum, knowing that it was given to him
with intent to influence his votes and deeisions in
Congress, and his action as a Government director.
Tne sixth section of the act of February 26, 1853,
10 Stat. United States, 171,) is in the following
words:
MIf any person or persons shall, directly or indi-
rectly, promise, offer, or give, or cAuse or procure to
be promised, offered, or given, any money, goods,
right in action, bribe, present, or reward, or any
promise, contract, undertaking, obligation, orseour-
ity for the payment or delivery of any money, goods,
right in action, bribe, present, or reward, or any
other valuable thing whatever, to any member of
the Senate or House of Representatives of the Uni-
ted States, after his election as such member, and
either before or after he shall have qualified and
taken his seat, or to any officer of the United States,
or person holding any place of trust or profit, or
discharging any official function under or in con-
nection with any department of the Government of
the United States, or under the Senate or House of
Representatives of the United States, after the pass-
age of this act, with intent to influence his vote or
decision on any question, matter, cause, or proceed-
ing which may then be pending, or may by law,
or under the Constitution of the United States, be
brought before him in his official capacity, or in
his place of trust or profit, and shall thereof be
eonvieted, such person or persons so offering, prom-
ising, or giving, or causing or procuring to be prom-
ised, ofiered, or given, any such money, goods,
right m action, bribe, present, or reward, or any
promise, contract, undertaking, obligation, or secur-
ity for the pay mentor delivery of any money, goods,
right m action, bribe, present, or reward, or other
valuable thing whatever; and the member, officer,
or person who shall in any wise accept or receive the
same, or any part thereof, shall be liable to indict-
ment as for a high crime and misdemeanor in any of
the courts of the United States having jurisdiction for
the trial of crimes and misdemeanors ; and shall,
upon conviction thereof, be fined not exceeding three
times the amount so offered, promised, or given, and
imprisonment in the penitentiary not exceeding
three years; and the person eoirvicted of so accept-
ing or receiving the same, or any partthereof, if an
ottieer or person holding any such place of trust or
profit as aforesaid, bhall forfeit his office or place;
and any person so convicted under this section shall
forever be disqualified to hold any office of honor,
trust, or profit under the United States."
In the judgment of the committee, the facts re-
ported in regard to Mr. Ames and Mr. Brooks
would have justified their eonviction under the
above recited statute and subjected them to the
penalties therein provided.
The committee need not enlarge upon the danger-
ous character of these offenses. The sense of Con-
fjf !tlstsl!0^n & % swa™ penalty announced by
tno statute itself. Ihe offenses were not violations
ot private rights, but were against the very life of a
constitutional Government by poisoning the fount-
am of legislation.
The duty devolved upon the committee has been
ot a most namful and dolicate character. They have
performed it to the best of their ability. They have
proceeded with the greatest eare and deliberation,
tor while they desired to do their full duty to the
House and the country, they were most anxious not,
to ao injustice to any man. In forming their con-
clusions they have intended to be entirely cool and
dispassionate, not to allow themselves to be swervod
„ty ^ p0I),u}ar fervoJ the one hand, or any feeling
«t perbonal favor and sympathy on the other.
,, sobmit.to the House and recom-
mend the adoption of the following resolutions:
Mj- Oakes Ames, a Representative in
thi. IIou e from the State of Massachusetts, has
becu KuiUy.ot selling to members of Congress shares
of suck in the Credit Mobilier of America for
Sffi A ®f ihe- 's110 value of sueh st°ck.
with intent thereby to influence the votes and de-
cisions of such members in matters to be brought
before Congress for action: Therefore. 8 1
Retolvcd, That Mr. Oakes Ames be, and he is
House'' expelled from his seat « a member of this
88 Brooks,   Representative
m this House from the State of New York did
ielfver\o Ch/rU^ri10^5'!611 c?mP™y to issue' and
fit of said RboavI l u0n' forrtho use and beae-
comLnv ft ?? • ' fl ty v¥r,es of the stock of saifl
Wvfn J'that thl m bel0^lts real va,ue.
with intentfo fcfl m° w,f so 1SoUed and delivered
pany: Therefore Um<m Paolflo Ra'l™ad Com-
tPA^' P®LANI)l ?*r- Speaker, the commit-
tee do not expect this report will be taken up
for any action by the House until it has been
printed and every member of the House has
5 an opportunity to examine it fully for him-
self. The testimony has already been ordered
to be printed, and the printing is nearly com-
pleted. But it is not entirely printed as yet
Probably all that pertains to the subject of
this report presented to the House has been
printed. The committee do not themselves
propose to fix a day or to ask the House to
fix a day for the consideration of this report
and the resolutions they have reported until
the report itself has been printed unless it is
thought advisable.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire, with the permis-
sion of the honorable gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Poland,] who has control of this
matter, to make a few remarks. If the gen-
tleman objects, I will waive that, and at the
present, moment will advert to just one point.
Mr. POLAND. I trust the gentleman does
not understand me as objecting,
Mr. BROOKS. Some other time I will take
for that purpose. But what I ask permission
to submit to the House now in reference to
this which seems to me a most partial, unjust,
and persecuting report, are two documents
which have not been noticed at all by the com-
mittee who have made the repbrt. The first,
of these two documents is the record of the
action which McComb instituted in the su-
preme court of Pennsylvania, in' December,
1867, against the Credit Mobilier of America,
in which he demanded, and had given to him,
a list of the stockholders. This was as long
ago as December 12, 1867.
Mr. MERRICK. If the gentleman will
allow me, I wish to correct him as to the date.
That action was instituted by McComb in the
autumn of 1868.
Mr. BROOKS. I stand corrected. The
proems verbal which I hold in my hands has
the record—'1 Supreme Court, January Term,
1868. No. 19. Equity." Upon the demands of
McComb for a list of the then stockholders the
following was submitted in answer. I will
trouble the House by asking its attention to
this document. I ask the Clerk to read it, as
I have not strength "enough to read it myself.
Mr. POLAND. I will say, Mr. Speaker,
that this document which has been sent to the
desk by the gentleman from New York was in
evidence before the committee, and is given at
length in the testimony.
Mr. BROOKS. It is not alluded to in the
report.
Mr. POLAND. We found no occasion to
allude to it in the report. It it has any bear-
ing upon the case it will be before the House,
because it is part of the testimony. But I do
not purpose now to be led into any sort of dis-
cussion. I merely stated this fact.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I hope the names of
the stockholders will be read.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Cox.)
If there be no objection, the list will be read.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read as follows:
Names.
list op december 12, 1867.
Stock.
Oliver W. Barnes    -j*
Thomas C. Durant   aoic;
Willie Davis Train   4SJ«
L, Eugene French    ™
Charles A. Lombard .77.7.7  vS
Sidney Billon, President   400
Sidney Dillon   1 nrK
William T. Glidden  
g, M. S. Williams    SS
R. G. Hazard   ,S
Oliver S. Chapman   'Inn :
Oliver Ames   t SX
C. S. Bushneli ZZV:" 4'^ !
William H. Macy    I
J. H. Scranton..;. IZ!  °S
R. Griswold Gray   Z?
Joseph Nickerbon    'SSi
Ben.Holliday ZZ  fin
Benjamin E. Bates   
Irederick Nickerson    o-n
John B. Alley   *o0
Isaac P. Hazard    Con
Samuel Hooper & Co   SSi
Horatio Gilhert    JS2
Cyras P. McOormiek ZZ.'.'.' 
David Jones   
Oakes Ames   , jHn/
Elisha Atkins  
&zra H. Baker 1  Ijo
H. J. McComb  
Horatio J. Gilbert 7.77-777".  1$
Ezra H. Baker, jr 777.77  S
Paul Pohl..
J. W. Grimes  380
Thomas Nickerson  150
George Opdyke  712
Josiah Bardwell  710
Josiah Bardwell, jr  300
C. C. Waite  80
B, D. Stewart  5
H. C. Crane    128
B. W. Gilinore  J5U
Rowland Hazard   300
J ohn L. King  80
Fourth National Bank  750
Barton H. Jenks ;  500
A. A. Low  100
J. B. Pigrot  200
Harvey Sanford  125
Henry Trowbridge  75
Ezekiel H.Trowbridge  50
W. F. Day. castiier in tr  100
Royal E. Robbins  200
William A. Cuminings  100
Frank W. Andrew  100
S. H. Fessenden    50
Nathan Peck  100
Pupont B. Koske  50
Elizabeth Hazard    34
Elizabeth Hazard, jr  13
Anna. Hazard   20
Mary P. Hazard  10
Lydia Torrey  11
Anna Horner  1
Sophia Vernon  1
Henry Hotchkiss    150
William B. Bristol  50
Sylvester M. Beard  100
Ely Beard  100
Gamaliel Bradford  100
Le Grand Lockwood  500
John It. Duff. i^ggo
Samuel S. Dana  100
John M. Davies 7 500
Rob. G-. S. McNeil  5
E. C. Moore    10
John Smith   405
Aaron Hobart, jr  25
Isaac Thacher   .. 93
James B. Johnston  200
B. M. Boyer ; 75
Charles H. Neilson  100
Jofeiah iledlea  100
F. Skinner & Co !*.7'7" 50o
H. C.Crane, tr  60
Charles H. Neilson 7 50
Oakes Ames, tr   7 93
Mr. BROOKS. In submitting this state-
ment 1 intend to make no remarks upon it
further than to call the attention of the House
to the fact that in a list of stockholders of the
Credit Mobilier as old as December 12, 1867,
submitted in theproces verbal of the highest
court of Pennsylvania at the January term,
1868, are recorded on oath as stockholders at
' that time, not James Brooks, but, first, Charles
H7 Neilson, one hundred shares; second,
Charles H7 Neilson, fifty shares. The very
shares complained of here were made matter
of record 12th of December, 1867. And ii was
then notorious to the highest court of the State
of Pennsylvania, as it was equally notorious to
all persons having anything to do with the
Union Pacific railroad or the suits connected
with it in the State of New York, long, long,
before I was a Government director of this
road.
I desire to say just one word more. This
document the honorable gentleman from Ver-
mont says will be submitted in the testimony.
I am glad to hear it, as it is not alluded to m
the report, as it seems to me it should have
been. I hold in my hand one other documc-iit
which I had great difficulty in obtaining from
Pennsylvania. It is another prods verbal in
the supreme court of that State, January term,
1869 : " In the supreme court of Pennsylvania
for the eastern district, in equity; Henry S.
McComb vs. the Credit Mobilier of America
et. al." The document is their answer, and the
persons who make the auswer in this case,
filed January -20, 1860, are Sidney Dillon,
Si • A1Iey> R°w'anfl G. Hazard, Charles
M. brhnskey, Oliver W. Barnes, Paul Pohl. jr .
Oakes Ajiks, Charles H. Neilson, .John m. s.
Wl]-hams, Benedict D. Stewart, John Duff,
and Charles M. Hall, defendants.
The persons who sign it and make this Son/
replication under oath are the very same men
whom I have mentioned before, and mium.'
them Charles H. Neilson.
I have drawu attention to these official doc-
uments in order to show the House that long,
long before there was any excitement upon
the subject of this Credit Mobilier these facts,
