166
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March. 3,
Ho. of Reps.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Swam.
42d Gong....3d Sess;
tions surrounding him, and possessed with
resources which could not fail of success.
Under the guidance and direction of such a
man it was not difficult for any one of even
ordinary tact to understand the scheme which
was proposed to be planned, and how com-
pletely every interest of the Government was
made subservient to it.
Failure was therefore impossible, because
with these interests working in accord with
each other, and controlling the Union Pacific
road, no contingency could arise where at any
moment they could not have placed the suc-
cess of the Oakes Ames contract beyond all
risk or peradventure. It was not Oakes Ames
then, as I believe so much as those who made
him the mere nominal representative of their
plans that placed him in the unfortunate posi-
tion which he now occupies ; and led to the
stupendous robbery which was perpetrated
upon the Government with his apparant ac-
quiescence. It is somewhat remarkable that
Oakes Ames and hisparty, dealing with a Gov-
ernment that had manifested from the begin-
ning so much liberality in her legislation re-
garding it, and so much interest in its prompt
and successful completion, should not have
felt deterred by the extremes into which they
were enticed from time to time ; but they
seemed to have considered every dollar that
came into their hands as legitimate gain ; and
left the road when delivered to the Govern-
ment with involvements which foreshadowed
if they did not prove absolute bankruptcy ; and
its vast surplus, counting by millions, either
tied up or distributed in dividends among
themselves.
The road is still incomplete in many of its
importantfeatures, a large floating debt remain-
ing to be provided for, and no assets of any
consequence to be administered upon. So
that under the management of Oakes Ambs
and his friends, after enriching themselves to
the extent of untold millions, it was soon dis-
covered that unless additional aid was extended
to them to meet obligations that could not be
long postponed the property must either be sold
or go into the hands of commissioners, to pro-
tect the Government in saving for her benefit
any of the assets that might remain unadmin-
istered upon, or to devise plans to prevent a
total loss. Every step in the proceedings of
these men was taken with reference to a result
which could only have been brought about by
this most glaring fraud ; and the plan of oper-
ations was to secure them against risk by con-
trolling the entire assets of the Government
in the hands of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, or wherever else they could be found
or created.
Another view to which I desire to ask the
attention of the House was the effort of these
men to impose upon the Government by swell-
ing the apparent net receipts of the roads. I.
is a well-established principle in the conduct
of all well-managed roads, with a view to it;,
renovation in perpetuity, that the life of th>;
rail used in construction, under a given amount
of tonnage passing over it, should be carefull,"
estimated, and provision made from year to
year upon this basis for a sinking fund to mee:
this heavy item of expenditure. In proportion
as this is withheld you diminish what you cal;
the property or the net receipts of the road.
The evidence in the record shows that no sucl
precaution was taken ; and it may be that a
a very early period the entire line of road wil
have to be relaid with new iron from one enc.
of it to the other.
The length of the line being say one thou-
sand miles the cost of rails at existing marke
rates would involve an expenditure of at leas.
$100,000,000, which is just as much a debtupoi
■the company, to be provided for out of it.
earnings, as the repairs of road-bed, or thf
supply of cross-ties, or the maintenance ot
cars for the accommodation of the traffic. By
a failure to provide this fund the apparent net
receipts of the road have been exaggerated,
and the indebtedness of the company increased
to the extent of the expenditures for iron
which must be needed from year to year. I
refer to this as another evidence on the part
of the management of the inflated exhibits
which they have been in the habit of making
of the capacity and value of this road, upon
which they have based their estimates, and
which has been an excuse for the liberal use
of what they have called net profits, which
they have squandered with so liberal a hand
in making dividends to themselves or efforts
to influence public opinion in their favor.
It is also a fact which should not be lost
sight of in this connection that the road was
delivered to the Government as a finished
work. In my opinion, it was far from being
finished as required by the charter: and I
am especially confirmed in this view by the
fact that one of the Government commission-
ers was paid a bribe of $25,000 by a subordin-
ate officer of the company to secure the ac-
ceptance of one of those sections by the
Government; and the present condition of the
road and the testimony go to prove that a
large amount of work still remained to be done
under a just construction of the contract with
the Government. All this additional expense
which may be required to place the road in the
condition stipulated for will of course be so
much in reduction of its estimated capital,
operating directly as a loss to the Government
or corporation which sooner or later must
supply these deficiencies.
The utter recklessness with which Mr.
Ames entered into the Credit Mobilier contract
is shown by the total absence of any reliable
estimate as to its approximate cost of the
Union Pacific railroad, and the difficulties
likely to be encountered, showing to my mind
that it was necessary for his protection and a
foregone feature of the arrangement that he
and his friends should have absolute and un-
limited control of all the immense assets of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company to guard
against contingencies which any judicious man
might reasonably have expected. No better
evidence could be adduced of the fraudulent
manner in which this enterprise was entered
upon than this recklessness betrays. When
asked for the engineer's estimates upon which
he based his calculations for the construction
of the road Mr. Ames was utterly at fault.
The evidence shows that he could give no
assurance that he had ever relied upon them
in assuming responsibilities of more than
$47,000,000. The safe in which these papers
were kept was mysteriously carried off, and
no one seemed to know its contents, or could
give any reliable information as to what it had
contained.
Certain it is that no dependence was placed
by Mr. Ames upon estimates or instrumental
surveys in assuming the responsibility of the
work. The contract was made evidently upon
the expectation of a large surplus which ul-
timately came into the hands of the company,
as appears by the balance sheet, and which at
the time he must have known his power to
control. Failure was impossible, and the im-
mense profits of the contract were such as
might, well excite the ambition of the most
grasping speculator in such enterprises. I
look upon this as one of the most suggestive
features of the animus with which the original
contract was taken by Mr. Ames, and the
impossibility of risk under the carefully devisd
agreement which was entered into by him. It
was the commencement of all the irregularities
which were subsequently committed in the
progress of the work.
In tracing the progress and working of the
construction under the Credit Mobilier, and the
development of the frauds growing out of this
combination to which I have referred, the
picture which they represent is simply astound-
ing. The matured exhibit of the financial
situation after the work had been completed;
and carefully made up from official and reliable
sources, presents an exhibit which it would be
difficult for practical business men to contem-
plate without a shudder.
The first step in this raid upon the Govern-
ment in her connection with this road was an
agreement entitled:
Memorandum of agreement made this 1 Qth day of
October, 1867, between Thomas O. Durante Oliver
Ames, John B. Alley, Sidney Dillon, Cornelius *V.
Ihwhncll, Henry S. Mc Corah, and Benjamin J2.
Bates, witnesscth as follows ;
The undersigned, being the owners of shares and
holders of certain proxies of the shareholders of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, and expecting
hereafter to hold other shares and proxies for other
shares therein, for tho protection of our mutual
interests and the interests of our constituents, do
hereby mutually agree each with the other at any
and every election of directors of tho Union Pacifio
Railroad Company to vote upon tho shares of stock
then standing in our own names respectively, and
upon suoh shares as we hold or may hereafter hold
proxies therefor for such persons as directors of tho
said Union Pacifio Railroad Company as may be
nominated at or before each annual stockholders
meeting of said company, by a majority of the then
existing board of directors, not appointed by tho
President of the United States, and no others. And
on failure of such nomination for any reason by the
said existing board of the Union Pacifio Railroad
Company, wo then agreo to vote for the reelection
of the elected members of tho then existing board.
It is further agreed, that in case any one or more
of the parties lioreto fails or neglects to perform
and stand to any of tho agreements and covenants
horein contained, ho shall not be entitled to or
claim any benefit or right under or by virtue of any
of tho trusts or agreements contained in a certain
memorandum of agreement heretofore made and
concluded by and between Oakes Ames, of North
Easton, Massachusetts, party of the first part, the
parties hereto parties of tho second part, and the
Credit Mobilier of America, a party of the third
part, but the said shares and proportion of the said
party so in default shall become the property of and
be divided among the said several remaining par-
ties, for whoso benefit said trusts in said agreement
are doclared.
In witness whorcof the said, parties have hereunto
subscribed their names, this day and year first abovo
written. OLIVER AMES,
JOHN 13. ALLEY,
CORNELIUS S. BUSIINELL,
SIDNEY DILLON,
II. S. MeCOMB,
THOMAS C. DURANT,
B. 15. BATES,
Signed, soalod, and executed in presence of
CHARLES BELL.
Upon this agreement the report of the com-
mittee says:
"Comment upon this is unnecessary. It is plain
that the men who made this contract on the part of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company through Oakes
Ames with themselves, were determined to hold the
control of the railroad company until their purposes
were accomplished."
The further exhibits of the financial situation
are not less worthy of remark, as showiug the
spirit and intent with which the Oakes Ames
contract was entered upon ; and how success-
fully it realized the most sanguine expectation
of its managers.
"Your committee present the following nummary
of cost of this road to the railroad company and to
the contractors, as appears by the books :
Cost to railroad company.
lloxie contract $12,974,416 24
Ames contract  57,140,102 94
Davis contract , 23,431,768 10
Total    93,546,287 2d
Co&t to contractors.
Hoxie contract   $7,806,133 33
Ames contract 27,285,141 99
Davis contract 15,629,633 62
  50,720,958 94
42,825,328 34
To this should be added amount paid
Credit Mobilier on occount of fifty-
eight miles    1,104,000 00
Total profit on construction $43,929,328 34
"The balance-sheets, from which the foregoing
results have been obtained, were made out by Mr.
Crane and Mr. Ham, accountants familiar with the
