1873.]
APPENDIX TO TB.E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16T
42d Cong....3d
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Swawn.
Ho. of Reps.
books and with most of the transactions. Your
committee have earnestly endeavored to get the
exact cost of the road to the company and to tlie
contractors; and if they have failed, it is because
those who should know, and have had the oppor-
tunity to inform the committee, have failed to give
the information. The books have been kept in such
a way, and the transactions have been of such a char-
acter. as that their true nature has been very much
disguised.
"It is a matter of no little importance to know
what the cash profits of this construction have been,
and in this connection the following summary is
presented on that subject.
" The attention of Mr. Ilam was called to the fact
that the balance-sheets above alluded to showed an
aggregate profit on the Ames and Davis contracts
of $37,657,095 43, and he was asked the question how
much of it was money, how much bonds, and how
much stock. His answer gave the following exhibit:
Three million seven hundred and seventy-seven
thousand dollars first mortgage bonds at ninety
cents  $3,399,300
Four million four hundred thousand dol-
lars certificates for first mortgage bonds,
afterward converted into income bonds
at  4,425,000
Five million eight hundred and forty-one
thousand dollars income bonds at 60  3,486,600
Twenty-four million dollars stock Union
Pacific Railroad Company  24,000,000
Two million three hundred and forty-six
thousand one hundred and ninety-five
dollars cash    2,346,195
...$36,657,095
Total   
"From this it will appear that in making up this
profit all the securities are estimated at their cash
value except the stock, which is estimated at par.
" This shows that the profits on these two contracts
are—
Bonds, (cash value) .$11,310,900
Twenty-four millions stock, at thirty
cents  7,200,000
Cash  2.346,000
$20,856,900
" The profits on the Hoxio contract, as before stated,
were, $6,272,232, 71. Treating all of this as stock,
except $1,125,000 of first mortgage bonds, divided as
hereinafter stated, the profits, cash values on this
would be as follows:
One million one hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand dollars first mortgage bonds, at eighty-five
cents  $965,250 00
Five million one hundred and forty-
seven thousand two hundred and
thirty-two dollars and seventy one
cents stock, atthirtycents  1,544,169 81
. $23,366,319 81
Total cash profit 
"In making this calculation the stock is placed
at thirty cents, because that is the value the parties
have placed on it."
As a further explanation, the ehairraau of
the committee during a recent visit to Boston
and after a careful examination of the books
there, reported the following as drawn from
that source, showing that the books do not
contain a fair exhibit of all that was divided as
profits.
In this connection the committee calls atten-
tion to the following facts:
First mortgage bonds issued $27,213,000 00
Sold at a discount of.  3,494,991 23
Netproceeds.   $23,718,008 77-
Government bonds issued $27,236,512 00
Sold at discount of.  91,348 72
$27,145,163 28
Aggregate net proceeds of both classes. $50,863,172 05
Cost of whole road to the contractors... 50,720,958 94
$142,213 11
i do not hesitate to say that the bold effront-
ery with which these results were accomplished
and made known to the public cannot fail to
excite an indignant feeling among practical
business men throughout the country. It would
have been hard to believe that any set of men
could have lent themselves to so startling an
exhibit, taking to themselves credit at the
name time for patriotism and public spirit.
The report of the committee further says :
" It appears, then, speaking in round numbers, that
the cost of the road was $50,000,000, which cost was
wholly reimbursed from the proceeds of the Govern-
ment bonds and first mortgage bonds: and that from
the stock, the income bonds, and land grant bonds,
the builders received m cash value at least 823,000,000
as profit, being a percentage of about forty-eight
per cent, on the entire cost to them."
Interspersed throughout the operations con-
nected with the active management of the
road dating from an early period, I deem it my
duty to call attention to the following addi-
tional items detailed in the report of the com-
mittee :
"The oommittee deem it proper here to call atten-
tion specifioaliy and separately to the following
transactions in disbursement of portions of the assets
of this road which seem to the oommittee to havo
been wrongful, and to demand the immediate and
grave consideration of the present directors of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company, and of whatever
authority may bo charged with the duty of securing
the recovery of the property of the company from
those who are responsible for or the recipients of
these illegal disbursements:
"1. One hundred and twenty-six thousand dollars
was paid to 0. S. Bushnellon the 9th day of March,
A. J). 1871, and denominated 'special legal ex-
penses,' which was disposed of as follows: first, to
Q. M. Dodge, for services in procuring the passage
of the act of March 3,1871, in relation to transporta-
tion by said company for the Government.
"2. Nineteen thousand dollars was paid by C. S.
Bushnell to Thomas A. Scott on private account.
Eighty-two thousand dollars was retained by Bush-
nell on his own account. Fifty thousand dollars
were paid to Governor John A. Dix as a purchaso
by the railroad company of its own stock.
"3. Twenty-fivo thousand dollars was paid to a
Government commissioner to secure tho acceptance
of a portion of the road as completed.
"4. Four hundred and thirty-five thousand seven
hundred and fifty-four dollars and twenty-one cents,
designated as the" suspense account," was allowed
to T. C. Durant, vice prosident of the company,
which appears from the evidenoe to have been dis-
bursed in connection with the passage of the
amendatory act of July, 1864, of the particulars of
which disbursement tho committee havo boen un-
able to obtain satisfactory ncoount. For disburse-
ment of suoh money, so far as ascertained, tho
committee refer to tho evidence herewith reported,
as thoy do also as to the disposition of tho other
moneys above named."
The above will be found in the main to em-
body a fair exhibit of the condition of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company, so far as the
labors of the committee enabled them to arrive
at proximate results or any facts that could bo
presented by them as reliable.
To show more distinctly the great irregular-
ities connected with the administration of the
road under this combination, I would invite the
attention of the House to the concluding para-
graph of the report of the committee:
"1. While the charter of the Credit Mobilier re-
quired its affairs to be managed by aboard of directors
and its principal business office to bo in Philadelphia,
the actual conduct of its affairs was wholly by the
men acting as a board of trustees and in the city of
New York, so that this unlawful arrangement at-
tempted to disguise, and did in effect disguise, theso
persons by means of a fictitious and pretended and
not a real use of the corporate powors of the Credit
Mobilier.
" 2. While tho charter of the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company required its corporate powers to be
wielded by a board of fifteen directors, ten of whom
should bo bona fi.de holders of stock, and should be
elected by stockholders representing capital which
had been actually paid in full and in money, this
contrivance virtually placed all the power and con-
trol of said railroad corporation, its property and
franchises, in the hands of tho same persons, and
beyond the managemont provided by law, thereby
disguising and intending to disguise an unlawful
seizure of the powers of the company, an unlawful
use of its namo in the issue of stock, bonds, and
scrip, and an unlawful distribution of its property
amongthe parties.
"3. While the United States subordinated, its own
lien to secure reimbursement of the loan of itsbonds
to a mortgage to secure the bonds of the company
for a like amount for the purpose of constructing tho
road, moneys have been in fact borrowed under the
privilege so conferred and distributed as dividends.
" 4. The statute reauiring the capital stock to be
paid for in money at par, it has in fact been paid at
not exceeding thirty cents on the dollar m road
building, excepting, perhaps, the sum of about
$400,000. . , „
"5. Instead of securing a solvent, poweriul, well-
endowed company, able to perform its important
public functions without interruption in times oi
commercial disaster and in times of war, and able to
maintain its impartiality and neutrality in dealing
with all connecting lines, it is now weak and poor,
kept from bankruptcy only by the voluntary aid of
a few capitalists who arc interested to maintain it,
and liable to fall into tho control of shrewd and
adroit managers, and to becomo an appendage to
some one of the railroad lines of the Bast.
In commenting upon the transactions of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company and the
Credit Mobilier, I have felt authorized to treat
them as one and the same in their practical
business relations and identity of interest.
The testimony shows that they were in fact
substantially the same in treating upon all im-
portant questions arising in the progress of the
common work in which they were alike inter-
ested. Mr. Ames and his party were as largely
involved in the success of the one as the other,
and assumed, in an indirect way, the direction
of both by the policy which was adopted from
time to time.
In the multiplicity of his involvements,
growing out of his interest in the general suc-
cess of his plans, Mr-. Ames seemed to forget
his delicate relations and responsibilities as a
member of this House. I do not mean to do
him injustice. He must have known that his
efforts to secure success by distributing his
stock where it was calculated to do most good,
were not without suspicion, if he did not, the
decided rebuke of Speaker Blaine, who refused
to become a party to them, ought to have
opened his eyes. Flushed with his success in the
Credit Mobilier, brought about mainly by the
relations to which I have referred, with his
coffers filled with the inflated securities of that
company of which he had been the founder,
he came into this House to tamper with its
members and to influence legislation. With
a shrewdness known to men of his class, he
approached only the leading and influential
members of this House whom he supposed
could make him a substantial and practical
return for his kindness and his bounty. The
result is already too well known to the country.
I have no unkind feeling toward Mr. Ames
personally, nor do I wish to place him in any
attitude before this House which his acts do
not fully justify. There is something due,
however, to the dignity and purity of this body
which members cannot disregard, no matter
what the effect and consequences may be. We
have reached a point where the firmness of
this House sooner or later must be put to its
severest trial, and our action upon this report,
whenever it may come before us, may and will
stand as a precedent in all future time as indi-
cating a policy which cannot be much longer
delayed. The public feeling of the country
demands decided action. I can truly say that
in adopting the course which I have felt bound
to pursue in these remarks I have been influ-
enced by the highest sense of public duty. If
we desire to preserve the purity and integrity
of this body we must act with firmness, de-
cision, and impartiality to retain the respect
of those who have sent us here to represent
them. Weakness at such a time as this would
be a crime, because it would carry with it the
inevitable downfall of that admirable system
of government under which we have so long
lived, whose power must ever rest upon the
virtue and purity of its people.
Convinced as I am that this Government
can only maintain the high and commanding
position which it ought always to occupy by
an elevated standard of honesty and purity ot
conduct in all its public transactions, and
more especially in the influence which she
must necessarily exert in protecting from cor-
ruption the law-making power, I announce
my readiness and determination to cooperate
with this House in all just and proper measures
which may conduce to this end. The crisis
which is now upon us I look upon as the most
momentous that has ever commanded our at-
tention in the faithful discharge of our public
duties. If we fail to apply the proper remedy,
the consequences may be disastrous if not fatal
to our best hopes of the future. We must not
throw the panoply of our protecting arm over
bribery and corruption, in whatever shape it
may appear, or in upholding fraud upon the
rights of the people.
