1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1467
without any reference to the excitement which
has since followed, were made known in the
highest and most solemn form in two printed
documents in the courts of Pennsylvania, as
well as being on public record in the Union
Pacific Railroad Company's office, and in the
pffice of the Credit Mobilier, so that what is
alleged to have been done under cover was
thus well known and open in an official ex-
hibit in the highest court of one of the great
States of the Union to anybody and every-
body that chose to be interested in the Credit
Mobilier.
Mr. POLAND. As I said before, I do not
design to be led in the Smallest degree into a
discussion of this matter'flow; but as these
papers have been presented, I may say this:
that all the evidence was that the suit of
McComb was not commenced actually until
the fall of 1868, and although a paper attached
to some of the proceedings in that suit give
the date of December 12, 1867, as the date of
this shareholder's list, there was no question
at all that the one hundred shares were given
on the 25th of December, 1867, and the fifty
shares on the 29th of February thereafter.
The certificates were issued on those days
and they were before the committee.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the-gentleman allow
me to correct him on a point of fact?
Mr. POLAND. I will certainty yield to
the gentleman to let him say anything which
the House is willing to hear him say; but I
do not intend to be drawn into a discussion of
this matter at this time.
Mr. BROOKS. The certificates of stock of
the Credit Mobilier may show and do show the
facts alleged by the gentleman from Vermont,
but they do not show that a man may not be-
come the legitimate and legal holder of stock
in the Credit Mobilier, or any other stock, some
time before the certificate is issued. The fact
is that often in the official business connected
with stocks the stocks are paid for long before
actual date of the certificate of the stock.
Here is the fact that on December 12, 1867,
stock was shown to be in the name of Neilson,
while the certificate of the stock was not issued
until some time after. Clerks do not always
keep up their books, but the certificates were
issued after the fact had been recorded in this
list.
One word more and I shall be done. The
gentleman from Vermont and his committee—
and I desire to make the record here in justice
to myself, for it will go out to the community
to-day—they fail to notice the fact that in
three cases I acted and voted against what
seemed to be the interest of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company. The first is that in Decem-
ber, 1867, as will be seen by the Congressional
Globe, 1 made a speech in this House against
a change of time for the election of officers
from October until March, in order to avoid
the injunction of Jim Fisk. In the Congres-
sional Globe of 1867,1 am recorded as making
that speech. That fact is omitted in the report
of the committee.
In the matter of interest, which it was
alleged the Pacific railroad ought to pay, the
fact is also omitted that I did not vote upon
it. I did not vote on it, but the yeas and nays
were not recorded, so that I cannot establish
the negative ; yet I have shown by the honor-
able gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Voor-
hees,] and the honorable gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] the only two members
on the Democratic side of the House whom it
was necessary for me to approach in order to
influence the Democratic members of Con-
gress, because one of them was a member or
the Pacific Railroad Committee and the other
a member of the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and of the conference committee that
reported on the matter of interest. 1
by them that I never spoke to them or alluaea
in any way to that subject whatever, and I in-
vited the committer-to summon every Demo-
cratic member of the House that I never spoke
to or attempted to influence them in favor of
the Pacific railroad.
Now, in the third place, no allusion is made
in the report to another important vote, that
in relation to Goat Island, which was a bill
of importance to the Union Pacific railroad,
although no more so than to the Illinois, Indi-
ana, and Missouri roads. I am on record as
having refrained from voting on that question.
I refrained from voting when my conscience
and my judgment told me that in a matter of
mere transshipment, which would lessen the
cost of transportation to the amount of two
dollars a ton, it was almost my duty to my
constituents to vote for the bill of the honorable
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wbbbmr,]
and yet the record shows that I refrained from
voting, and I did so only because I was a
stockholder and a director in the Union Pacific
railroad.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr,-Poland] yield
to me to make a suggestion?
Mr. POLAND. I will hear the gentleman.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
simply to ask the House to fix a time when
this matter can be discussed, so that the other
business of the House may be arranged with
reference to it. I have asked the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Poland] if he thinks the
full record containing all the testimony, docu-
ments and exhibits, as well as the report, will
be printed by Tuesday next, and he says he
thinks it will be so printed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, [Mr. Cox.]
This is a question of privilege, to be called up
at any time, and does not need any order of
the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. So I
understand. Therefore I ask the House, by
unanimous consent if necessary, to fix some
day, and I will name next Tuesday, when the
whole matter will be printed and before the
House, and we will all have had time to exam-
ine it, as the day when the discussion upon it
shall be had under the rules of the House.
Mr. POLAND. So far as the committee
are concerned, we have no objection to next
Tuesday being fixed as the day for taking up
and considering this report and the accompa-
nying resolutions. It was not designed on the
part of the committee to ask to have any par-
ticular time fixed until the report should be
printed. But we have no objection to the
time being fixed now.
I may be allowed to say, as the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] has said, that
what he desired to say here was for the purpose
of going abroad and influencing the public
judgment, that this question that he makes as
to the date of the ownership of thisstock was
not one in contest at all. There is not the
slightest pretense or claim on the part of any-
body that this stock everstood in Mr. Neilson's
name until the dates of the certificates.
And I may say one word in reference to the
allusion that the gentleman has made to his
votes in Congress. The Union Pacific Kail-
road Company and the Credit Mobilier Com'
pany at one time became divided. There were
two parties; the one party wanted the legis-
lation that was asked for, and the other party
to which Mr. Durant belonged did not want it,
and Mr. Brooks it seemed acted and voted
upon Mr. Durant's side in that controversy.
That is all that I desire to say now.
Mr; EARNS WORTH. I understand that
this is now unfinished business, and unless
some time is fixed upon for its consideration,
we must go on with it now.
Mr. POLAND. I do not object to next
Tuesday. , . „
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is reported for
consideration, and therefore must be disposed
of in some way. ' . .
The SPEAKER pro tempore. _ This is a
question of privilege, like an election case, to
be called up at any time. The House at this
time had better fix some particular day for its
consideration.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
Chair to put the question upon next Tuesday.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think we had better
not fix the time until the testimony and report
have been printed. As the Chair has well
remarked, this subject can be called up at any
time, and there are important appropriation
bills which we must aot on as soon as possible
and send to the Senate for their action.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is an important
matter, and I think we had better determine
now when this subjeet will come up.
Mr. HALE. Let me suggest to the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Poland] before the
time is fixed, that the day named by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. ButlbrJ is
only one -week before the time for the final
adjournment of this Congress. Now, will it
not be better to fix some day nearer than next
Tuesday? The gentleman well knows that
during the last week of the session all the ap-
propriation bills will come rushing in. I pre-
sume that to this matter the gentleman will
want to give more time and deliberation than
cau perhaps be obtained during that week.
Now, cannot a nearer day be fixed?
Mr. POLAND. So far as the committee
are concerned we are willing to have an earlier
period fixed. Friday or Saturday of this week
will be equally agreeable to us.
Mr. HALE. I would suggest one of those
days.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I desire to make a sug-
gestion. I understand that a very large
amount of testimony has been taken in this
case. Only the newspaper reports of that
testimony have yet been before the members
of this House. It seems to me that in a
matter so important as this to the gentlemen
who are most to be affected by our action, we
cannot do justice to this subject if an earlier
day is fixed than that suggested by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bugler.]
We certainly need that time to read the tes
timony. We have heard the report read, and
considering its length, the testimony must be
very elaborate. For one, it seemsto me that
we cannot do justice to this subject and under-
stand as we ought before we vote upon it in
less time than thatSuggested by the gentleman
from Massachusetts. I hope the House will
consent to put off the question until next
Taesday, that we .may study the subjeet, read
the evidence, and consider it well before we
come to act upon it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The diffi-
culty I find to be this: we cannot probably
get the report and evidence printed, without
interfering with other printing, for at least
three days. That will bring tjs to Friday or
Saturday, which can as well be used in other
business of the House. Monday is a privileged
day. Therefore I have suggested Tuesday,
which will give time for the examination of
the evidence and report upon one of the gravest
matters that ever came before Congress, not
only as it affects individuals, but as it affects
the body itself. I hope we shall show in de-
ciding upon this matter that there has been no
haste, and no want of time for deliberation.
The committee who have had the subject in
their charge all this time do not, of course, want
any further time for examination or delibera-
tion ; but at any rate they do not, as my friend
from Vermont [Mr. Poland] suggests, object
to the time I have named. I think it but just
to the House, just to the accused, just to the
country 
Mr. HOAR. Will my colleague allow me
to make one suggestion ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOAR. Is anybody here possessedof
information that will warrant him in asserting
that this evidence can or will be printed before
Saturday 1
