168
APPENDIX TO THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE,
[Marcl* 1,
Ho. op Beps.
Obscene Literature—Mr. Merriam.
4 2d Con&....Sd Sess.
If members of this House have violated the
high moral standard that has recommended
them to seats on this floor, it is our duty to
send them back to be dealt with by an out-
raged constituency, who will properly esti-
mate the value of our institutions, whose only
protection is in the unimpeachable upright-
ness and integrity of their conduct here. Re-
publican government must always stand or fall
upon the honesty and purity with which it is
conducted. Better that this whole machinery
of legislation should be buried in a common
ruin, if such is to be the example of this
House or of any member connected with it.
With our people demoralized ; with States -and
municipalities certain to take courage by our
example ; with a spirit of corruption standiug
forth in the broad daylight or lurking in our
high places; with public offices filled with men
awaiting opportunities for enrichment, how
long can this Government hope to stand?
The past is full of instructions for our guid-
ance. It remaius to be seen whether by our
weakness or toleration here we are up to the
high standard of our duty, or whether the con-
dition of things before us is to be turned to
our benefit or is to remain a festering sore to
involve us sooner or later in a widespread
ruin. I feel that I have done no more than
my duty in speaking thus boldly and firmly in
regard to what I believe to be my duty as a
Representative upon this floor. i can only say
in conclusion, as the result of my deliberate
conviction, and in view of the solemnity of
the crisis and the fearful developments which
these investigations have brought to our notice,
that, if something is not done promptly to turn
back this hateful current, and to put the seal
of disapprobation now and forever upon offi-
cial corruption here or elsewhere, we may
say: "Farewell, a long farewell to all our
greatness."
Obscene Literature.
SPEECH OF HON..(J. L. MERRIAM,
of new york,
In the House of Representatives,
March 1, 1873,
On the bill (S. No. 1572) for the suppression of trade in
and circulation of obscene literature and articles
of immoral use.
Mr. MERRIAM. Mr. Speaker, the pur-
poses of this bill, are so clearly in the best
interests of morality and humanity, that I
trust it will receive the unanimous voice of
Congress. It. is terrible to contemplate that
more than six thousand persons are daily em-
ployed in a carefully organized business, stim-
ulated to activity by all the incentives that
avarice and wickedness can invent, to place in
the schools and homes of our country, books,
pictures, and immoral appliances, of so low and
debasing a nature that it would seem that the
brute creation itself would turn from in disgust.
I am sure this American Congress will not
only give all the aids of legislation for the
annihilation of this trade, but that the outraged
manhood of our age will place in the strong-
est possible manner its seal of condemnation
upon the low brutality which threatened to
destroy the future of this Republic by making
merchandise of the morals of our youth. Re-
cent revelations have convinced us that no
home, however carefully guarded, no school
however select, has been safe from these cor-
rupting influences. The purity and beauty of
womanhood has been no protection from the
insults of this trade.
It may well be doubted, Mr. Speaker, if
war, pestilence, or famine could leave deeper
or more deadly scars upon a nation than the
general diffusion oi this pestilential literature.
The history of nations admonishes us that
even our fair Republic will bo of but short
duration unless the vigor and purity of out-
youth be preserved. Philosophers and legis-
lators have stood bewildered before the reve-
lations of crime and depravity in this our day,
when every incentive of religion and education
that circles about our civilization ought to
ennoble and elevate mankind. No revelation,
until the unearthing of this scandal upon our
age, has solved the mystery.
The pride of our people in their schools
may well be humbled over the revelations
presented by one young man in New York—■
whose hand with determined and commendable
energy is falling heavily upon the workers in
this detestable business—he exhibits to us
more tliau fifteen thousand letters seized from
the dealers and publishers in Now York city;
letters written by students of both sexes
throughout our land ordering obscene litera
tare. Fathers and mothers have rested se-
cure in the consciousness of performed duty,
while unbeknown to them their children 111
some of our best schools were students of a
debasing literature, thrust upon them by insid-
ious and cowardly hands—a literature, the very
nature of which would be hidden by the young
from the eyes of teacher and parent—a litera-
ture which kindles and inflames the brute forces
born in man, and over which religion and edu-
cation strive to obtain the mastery.
By examinations into the accumulations at
"the dead letter office" and the seizures iu New
York city, we find that the dealers in obscene
literature have organized circulating libraries,
which are under the charge of the most vicious
boys in the schools, boys chosen and paid by
the venders, and who circulate among the stu-
dents, at ten cents a volume, any of the one
hundred and forty-four obscene books hereto-
fore published in New York city.
Fortunately most of the stereotype plates of
these books have been recently destroyed.
The existence of this literature has been
traced to schools in the very capital of our
nation, where its pernicious influence has sent
to positive destruction some promising boys,
who, but for the deadly poison instilled into
their young minds might have developed into
wise and good men. This species of literature
has also been found in some of the best schools
of New York city and Brooklyn, in the col-
leges of Pennsylvania, and in the colleges
and seminaries of Ohio. No State or Terri-
tory is exempt from the presence of its per-
nicious influence.
Among the seizures made in New York aro
found twenty separate orders recorded on the
books of a dealer, coming from the librarian of
a public school in one of our proudest western
States.
•It is not surprising, Mr. Speaker, that these
revelations have amazed and alarmed mem-
bers of Congress. The masses of our people,
doubtless as ignorant hitherto as ourselves, of
the nature and extent of this fearful evil—will
not wonder that their Representatives have
consented to enter upon an investigation of a
most disagreeable and sickening nature, nor
would they pardon us should we fail to put an
end to this nefarious and diabolical traffic—a
traffic so profitable to the dealers that more
than one person has accumulated a fortune of
half a million dollars in the business. It is
of the highest importance to the suppression
of this trade, that all available information
upon the subject be placed before Congress
and the country. The following letter has
been received in the course of our investiga-
tions, and its author deserves the thanks of
all good men:
Brooklyn, January 18,1873.
Dear Sik: I have the honor to acknowledge the
receipt oi your favor of the 12th instant, in which
you ask for a statement from me ht iciercnce to the
traffic in obscene literature.
In reply, I have been engaged in the suppression
of this business, since about one year ago. At that
timo I knew only one place where this business was
carried on. The dealer was arrested, his papers
"pigeon-holed," and heeontiuned on in-the same
business, evon letting oat these vile books at ten
cents por week to the youths and children of our
public schools. In seeking to procure the arrest of
this man again I was betrayed by a policeman, who
has since been dismissed from the service upon my
preferring charges against him to .our Police Com-
missioners. After this, tho Sunday Moreury came
out against mo, and said "if I was the Christian
man I professed to bo, I could find plenty of theso
men in Ann and Nassau street and elsowhere. Ac-
cordingly, profiting by this hint, and by the aid of
the numerous advertisements in this same paper, the
Days Doings, the New Varieties, and the Illustrated
Police Giizetto, 1 have succeeded in unoarthing this
hydra-headed monster in part, as you will see by the
following statement which, in many respects, might
be truthfully increased in quantity. These I have
seized and dostroyed-—
Obsceno photographs, stereoscopic and other pic-
tures, more than 182,000; obsceno books and pam-
phlets, more than 5 tons; obsccne letter-press in
sheets, more than 2 tons; sheets of impure songs,
catalogues, hand bills, &c.. more than 21,000; obscene
microsoopio watch and knifocharms and finger-rings,
more than 5,000; obsceno negative plates for printing
photographs and stereoscopio viows, about 625; ob-
scene engraved steel and copper pla.tes, 350; obscene
lithographic stones dostroyed, 20; obscene wood-cut
engravings, more than 500; stereotype plates for
printing obsceno books, more than 5 tons: obscene
transparent playing cards, from 5,500 to 6,000; ob-
scene and immoral rubber articles, over 30.000; lead
molds for manufacturing rubber good.-;, twelve set,
or more than 700 lbs.; newspapers seized, a.bout
4,000; letters Irom all parts of the country, ordering
these goods, aboutl5,000; names of doalers in account
books seized, about 0,000; list of names in tho hands
of dealers, that are sold as merchandise, to forward
catalogues and circulars to, independent of letters
and account books, seized, more than 7,000; arrest
of dealers since October 9, 1871. over 50; publishers,
manufacturers, and dealers dead since March last, ti.
With tho exception of one arrest, this has all been
done since the 2d of last March; and with tho excep-
tion of about throe arrests, the whole work has been
accomplished by myself, or under my own super-
vision, so that X know wheroof I spoak.
Thero are various ways by which this vile stuff
has boon disseminated. First, by advertising in the
above-named papers. Some weeks there is not a
single advertisement in some of these papers that is
not designed either to cheat or defraud, or intended
to be a medium of sending out these accursed books
and articles. For instance, I have arrested a num-
ber of persons, one in particular, who advertised a
musical album to be sent for fifty cents. I sent tho
fifty oents, and received back a catalogue of obscene
books with tho following card attached:
" The album is only a pretense to enable us to for-
ward you a catalogue of our fancy books. Should
you order any of theso books your fifty cents will be
credited."
It is needless to say I ordered, then arrested him,
locked hun up in the New Ilavon jail, and he has
been indicted by the grand jury in the United States
court of Connecticut, and now is held in bail for
trial. In the same way, by advertising beautilul
views or pictures of some colebrated place or per-
son, those inon receive answers from innocent per-
sons tor those pictures, and among the pictures sent
will be one or more of these obscene pictures and
catalogues of these vile books and rubber goods.
Jior bo it known that wherever theso books go, or
catalogues of these books, there you will ever find,
as almost indispensable, a complete list of rubber
articles for masturbation or for the professed pre-
vention ot conception.
Secondly. These abominations are disseminated
by these men first obtaining the addresses of
scholars and students in our schools and colleges
and then forwarding theso circulars. They secure
thousands of names in this way, by either sending
for a catalogue of schools, seminaries, and colleges,
under the pretense of sending a child to attend these
plaices, or else by sending out a circular purporting
to be getting up a directory of all the scholars and
students in schools and colleges in the United States,
or of taking the census of all the unmarried people,
and offering to pay five cents per name for lists so
sent. I need not say the money is seldom or never
sent, but I do say that these names, together with
those that come in reply to advertisement, are sold
to other parties; so that when a man desires to en-
gage in this nefarious business he has only to pur-
chase a list of these names and then your child, be
it a son or daughter, is as liable to have thrust into
its hands, all unbeknown to you, one of these dev-
ilish catalogues.
You will please observe that this business is carried
on principally by the age-iey of the United States
mails, and there is no law to-day by which we can
interfere with the sending out of these catalogues
and circulars through the mail, oxeopt they are ob-
scene on their face ; and there are scores of men that
are supporting themselves arid families to-day by
sending out these rubber goods, &c., through the
mails, that I cannot touch for want of law. There
are men m Philadelphia, in Chicago, in Boston,
and other places, who are doing this business, that
1 could easily detect and convict it the law was only
sufficient.
