504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
by Major 0. M. Poe, United States engineer,
and now on file in the office of the register of
deeds of St. Clair county, and shall be sold,
under the direction of the Secretary of War,
at public vendue, and the proceeds of said
sale, after paying the expenses of such survey
and sale, snail be paid over to the city of Port
„ Huron, to be used by the city for the purchase
or improvement, or both, of such lands as the
city may acquire for another cemetery, and
for removing the remains of those buried in
the present to the new cemetery, and for such
other purposes as may be necessary in the
change of burial places. Suitable and proper
lots in the new cemetery are to be granted to
those having lots in the present cemetery,
with like improvements, or their value, to a
reasonable extent. The city of Port Huron
is to hold such moneys in trust for the pur-
poses herein specified, and for no Sther what-
ever ; and conveyances of the blocks and lots
sold by the Secretary of War are to be made
to purchasers by him, under such rules and
regulations as he shall prescribe ; and the sur-
vey and plat, or a copy thereof, are to be
recorded in the office of the register of deeds
in St. Clair county; and the same, or duly
certified copies thereof, are to be evidence in
all courts for all lawful purposes connected
therewith.
Mr. HOLMAN. There seems to be no
provision in this bill in reference to this trust.
The gentleman from Michigan will observe
that there is in the bill a reference to a trust,
but the trust itself is not specified in the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
amendments reported to the bill by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The Clerk read as follows:
In the twenty-third line of the bill, after the word
"extent" add these words: "and that reinterment
not otherwise provided for shall be made at the
expense of said city."
Add to the end of the bill the following :
And provided further. That said city shall obtain
the consent of a majority of the citizens thereof
owning or occupying lots in said cemetery to said
removal.
There being no objection, the amendments
were agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I believe
this bill on its face does not explain its object
and the purpose to which the proceeds of these
sales shall be applied. If this property be
surrendered to that city, why is it proper that
the Secretary of War should make these sales ?
Mr. STOUGHTON. In reply to the inquiry
of the gentleman from Indiana, I will say that
this property has already by act of Congress
been surrendered to the city of Port Huron for
cemetery purposes. Whenever it shall cease
to be occupied for that purpose, without some
action of Congress, it will doubtlessly revert
to the Government. The necessity for this
arises from this state of facts : the city limits
of Port Haron have extended all around this
cemetery. The Government, I believe, have
platted and sold lots on every side. The cem-
etery there is in the wrong place. It does not
accommodate the city. The common coun-
cils of Port Huron, in a memorial unanimously
adopted by them, which I hold in my hand,
have petitioned Congress in favor of the pass-
age of this bill.
In reply to the particular inquiry of the gen-
tleman, I will say that the committee have
considered the subject very carefully, and have
guarded the rights of all who are interred in
that cemetery. The bill further provides, if
the parties cannot be found to whom lots be-
long, the full amount for which they are actu-
ally sold shall be held by the city of Port
Huron in trust for those persons when they
shall appear; and that is the only trust cre-
ated in the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why not simplify the
whole matter by providing, as the Govern-
ment made the grant, that it shall be con-
firmed to the city, and let the city manage the
whole matter? There seems to me no pro-
priety in the Secretary of War being engaged
in a business purely local. These city lots
ought to be sold and managed by the city of
Port Huron. Why not provide that the Gov-
ernment of the United. States shall surrender
its reversionary right to the city of Port Huron,
so that that city may take charge of the whole
matter ?
Mr. STOUGHTON. It seems to me the right
and fair way would be for Congress to enact
such legislation as will secure another ceme-
tery for the city of Port Huron.
Mr. HOLMAN. I want the city of Port
Huron to manage the matter itself.
Mr. STOUGHTON. We allow the city of
Port Huron to manage the matter itself, but
we also provide that tne proceeds of the sale
of these lots shall be devoted to the purpose
of establishing another cemetery.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why not let the city of
Port Huron have the reversionary interest of
the Government, and in that way provide for
the Government having nothing further to do
with the matter?
Mr. STOUGHTON. If we surrendered
our reversionary right to the city of Port Hu-
ron, removing the restrictions upon the action
of that city, it might be possible there would
be no provision made for another cemetery. I
do not suppose, however, that Port Huron
would take any such action contrary to the
spirit of the grant. In this case we only enact
such legislation as will secure another cemetery
for that city in place of the present one. We
provide for carrying out the act of Congress,
only providing for a change of location of the
cemetery.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not see any reason
why the Secretary of War should have any-
thing to do with the matter.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, this cemetery
was established by act of Congress in the
midst of a military reservation then remote
from settlement, and at the time it was in a
suitable place. Since that time Congress has
ordered the sale of the military reservation,
and streets have been laid out up to this ceme-
tery in each direction. The object of this bill
is that the lots in the present cemetery may be
sold and the streets laid out to correspond
with those already laid out, the proceeds of
the sale of the lots to be devoted to procuring
another cemetery. I believe it has been stated
by the gentleman from Michigan that the com-
mon council of Port Huron, alter fair consider-
ation of the whole subject, have unanimously
petitioned in favor of the proposed action. A
public meeting advertised in our city papers
was called, and there was a large number of
citizens present, and they also have unani-
mously requested the passage of this bill. It
meets with the views of all, and does justice
to all parties concerned.
Mr. HOLMAN, I submit to my friend froin
Michigan whether it would not be better to
surrender the reversionary right to Port Hu-
ron, and be done with it ? The Secretary of
War should not be required to interfere with
a purely private matter.
Mr. CONGER. We ask the Secretary of
War to carry out what he has commenced, in
selling the public property. This is a part of
the military reservation, and, except for this
being reserved, would have been sold in the
same way.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
B. S. DE RUSSY.
Mr. STOUGHTON also, from the same
committee, reported back, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass, the bill (S. No. 769) to
close the accounts of R. E. De Rnssy, late
colonel corps of engineers, deceased.
The bill, which was read, provides that to
close the accounts for disbursements of R. E.
De Rnssy, late colonel corps of engineers,
deceased, the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury be required to allow and credit him
the sum of $3,066 80, or such sum as may be
necessary, provided the amount shall not ex-
ceed that authorized in the settlement of the
accounts of disbursing officers by the act to
authorize the settlement of the accounts of
officers of the Army and Navy, approved Jnne
23, 1870.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
pU86d>
Mr. STOUGHTON moved toreconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES MURPHY.
Mr. STOUGHTON, also from the same
committee, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the same,
and that it be laid on the table, the petition
of James Murphy for remuneration for ser-
vices and false imprisonment.
The petition was ordered to be laid on the
table.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I ask that the report
be printed. The case is somewhat remarkable.
The SPEAKER. The report will be printed.
JOHN GADLT, JR.
Mr. DONNAN, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the memorial of John
Gault, jr., for pay for services as major in the
volunteer service; and the same was ordered
to be laid on the table.
FRANK W. OOMMAGKRE.
Mr. DONNAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported adversely on the claim of
Frank W. Commag6re, late major of cavalry;
and the same was ordered to be laid on the table.
HARRY B. CLOUD.
Mr. DONNAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back the bill (S. No. 946) to
remove the charge of desertion against Harry
B. Cloud from the records, and give him an
honorable discharge; and moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the same, and that it be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
ALONZO J. MARSH.
Mr. DONNAN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the bill (H. R. No. 882)
restoring Captain Alonzo J. Marsh to his posi-
tion in the Army, and providing that he be non-
orably mustered out the service as of the date
of the mustering out of his regiment, with a
substitute which the committee recommended
should be passed.
Mr. DONNAN. I ask that the original bill
and the substitute be read.
The bill was read. In the preamble it recites
that Alonzo J. Marsh, of Jamestown, Cbatau-
qne county, New York, was appointed captain
of company A, eleventh regiment Veteran Re-
serve corps, in December, 1863, and faithfully
discharged his duties as such officer nntil the
7th of March, 1865, when he was wrongfully
dismissed the service on false and libelous
charges, greatly to the injury of his character
as an officer and citizen : and that he has been
compelled to spend much time and large sums
of money in vain efforts to obtain an oppor-
tunity to properly defend himself. The bill
therefore directs the Secretary of War to cause
Alonzo J. Marsh to be restored to the position
from which he was dismissed as of the date of
dismissal, and that he be honorably mustered
out of the service as of the date of the muster-
out of the regiment.
