1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE'.
169
42d Cong....3d Sess,
Public Printing—Mr. Beaity,
Ho. of Reps.
There was one year ago published in and .about
New York and vicinity one hundred and forty- four
different obscene books. I have seized the stereo-
type plates, steel and copper plate engravings. &c.,
for one hundred and forty-two of these books. There
were four publishers on the 2d of last March; to-day
three of these are in their graves, and it is charged
by their friends that I worried them to death. Be
that as it may, T am sure the world is better without
thexn. One man, since the year 1842. (according to
his account-book "that I have,) has published some
eighteen or twenty different books, and has never to
my knowledge been arrested, but has for years been
the victim of black mail by the detectives of New
York city, and in this manner has been practically
licensed by them to do this business.
It is-with great pleasure that I state that the re-
fusal ot President Grant to pardon those who have
been convicted of this offense in the United States
courts, and of Governor Hoffman those who have
been convicted in this State in the State courts, has
sent dismay into the camp ot these men, and will
go very tar toward checking this business.
The district attorney and his deputies are ready to
prosecute any and all cases when they are brought
to their notice, and there is no question about these
men having justice done them if convicted before
any of our judges; so that all we want to break up
this nefarious business is a broader law. I present
these facts for your consideration.
I have the honor to be, with very great respect,
sir, your obedient servant,
ANTHONY COMSTOCK.
Hon. C. L. Merriam,
House of Representatives, Washington.
Since the destruction of stereotyped plates of
old books, secret circulars have been discov-
ered of a notice to dealers that " twelve new
books are in course of preparation and will
soon be ready for delivery.n
I believe the calling of the attention of the
country to this monstrous crime, and the determ-
ination of the Representatives of the people
in Congress to go to the. farthest constitutional
point within their power of legislation for its
annihilation, will incite every State Legislature
to enact similar laws for its final destruction.
The victims of this traffic have filled the
prisons and mad-houses of our land; hence
every instinct of political economy demands
prompt and vigorous action from good men
everywhere. The Prison Association of New
York says:
"Good men have ever lamented the pernicious
influence of a depraved and perverted literature;
but such literature has never been so systematically
and widely diffused as at the present time. This is
owing to two causes: its cheapness, and the facility
of conveyance by steamboat and rail-car. A very
large proportion of the works thus putin circulation
are of the worst character, tending to corrupt the
principles, to inflame the passions, to excite impure
desire, and to spread a blight over all the powers of
the soul. Brothels are recruited from this more than
from any other one source. Those who search the
trunks of convicted criminals are almost sure to find
in them one or more of these works; and lew prison-
ers who can read at all fail to enumerate among the
causes wnich led thein into crime theunhealthy stim-
ulus of this depraved and pernicious literature."
We read in an English journal that—
" The English Society for the Suppression of Vice
has destroyed 129,681 indecent prints, 16,220 illus-
trated books, five tons of letter-press of the same
sort, 16,005 sheets of songs, besides copper plates,
printing presses. &c. The funds of the society are
contributed by private individuals, and each prose-
cution costs #150. In New York there are firms
having agents widely scattered whose diabolical
mission is to introduce filthy books and pictures to
schools. Surely a society for the suppression of vice
might find supporters in New York."
Another influential newspaper, alluding to
this subject, says;
" It seems that the same terrible evil, though not
in a form as gross, yet perhaps for that very reason
more dangerous, is found in England. As remarked
by the Earl of Shaftesbury, in a conference with the
managers of various societies in Glasgow, these
poisonous productions have lost the grossness which
they formerly possessed, and according to tho same
authority were working with such a pestilential
force that unless they were counteracted by some
means, in a few years there would creep in such
refined iniquity, profligacy, and corruption that it
would defy all the chapels, all the mission-houses,
all the agencies thoy possessed tomeetthisenormous
evil, fciis lordship added that murder, as well as
other forms of crime, had been traced to the influ-
ence of these licentious publications; yet the evil
was so insidiously conveyed in the kngnsh produc-
tions that in his opinion ' there was no power of law
which would enable them to meet this danger and
difficulty. He was quite certain that there did not
exist a lawyer wiio would be able to draw a clause m
an act of Parliament that would meet these abomin-
ations. He had put it before persons of discrimina-
tion and knowledge on these matters, and they had
seen the whole force and the whole venom, but they
had always said that that could not be brought
within reach of any law at all.'
" It is said that the grossness which appears to be
absent from this depraved literature in Great
Britain is made up by the importation of obsoerte
publications from the United States."
Englishmen deal less tenderly than we in
what tends to demoralize their youth. Long
ago the filthy publications of New York were
suppressed in London. A leading New York
paper says:
" It is the duty of every parent and every teacher
to be continually on the alert to thwart tho intro-
duction of this moral leprosy among those intrusted
to their guardianship. It is a startling but too well
established fact that no ohild who goes to a school
of any kind in this vicinity, or even passes along
the street with other children, is safe from tho sly
distributors of these pestilent publications. In re-
peated instances of late tho most carcful of parents
and instructors have been shocked to find jtsuch
books and pictures in tho possession of ohildron of
nine or ten years, who had received them as gifts,
with an injunction to keep them concealed, and par-
ticular information as to where others might be
bought. Such agencies of pollution operate so
rapidly in soiling the purity of children's minds and
corrupting their lives, that teachers and parents
cannot possibly bo too vigilant in guarding against
these baits of the devil."
With the passage of this bill I shall have
performed a most uninviting duty. No man,
even when impelled by a conscientious convic-
tion of official' duty, goes willingly down into
the gutters of human depravity to act as scav-
enger to root out moral deformities. He fights
to advantage who knows his enemy. The good
men of this country who regard their homes
as their sanctuaries, warned by this exposure,
will act with determined energy to protect
what they hold most precious in life—the holi-
ness and purity of their firesides.
Public Printing.
SPEECH OP HON. JOHN BWATTY,
op ohio,
In the) House ob- Representatives,
February 22, 1873,
On the bill to provide for tho distribution of the
public documents.
Mr. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, in May last I
introduced a bill to provide for the distribution
of public documents (H. K. No. 2730.) This
bill was referred to the Committee on Public
Printing, and that committee authorized me to
report it back and recommend its passage. The
bill contemplates the abandonment of the pres-
ent mode of distributing public documents.
It proposes to place these documents within
the reach of the whole people, at a price which
shall cover the cost of paper, presswork and
binding. The cost of composition, or putting
the matter in type, is excluded because it is
absolutely necessary to incur that expense in
printing what is known as the "usual number"
for the information of Congress, and further,
because the desire of the committee is to
place these governmental reports before the
people at a price so low that no one interested
in the subject matter of which they treat shall
be deterred from purchasing on account of the
cost, while the price shall at the same time be
high enough to prevent the volumes from going
into indifferent hands to be thrown aside un-
read, or used for waste paper.
The bill provides " that under such regula-
tions as the Postmaster General may prescribe
all documents hereafter printed in excess of
the usual number by order of either or both
Houses of Congress, and not by concurrent
resolution expressly excepted from the provi-
sions of this act, shall be divided equally
among the congressional districts and terri-
tories of the United States; and the copies of
said reports apportioned to each district shall
be fairly sub-divided among the several coun-
ties thereof, with due regard to the population
of said counties, and the copies so apportioned
to each county shall be sent* to1 the postmaster
of the county-town of said county and be
charged to said postmaster on the books of the
Post Office Department."
The second section of the bill provides that
the price shall be printed on the title page of
each volume, and also on its outside wrapper,
and that all moneys received from sales of books
shall be accounted for to the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and be by him paid into the Treasury of the
United States. The third section requires the
postmasters to make quarterly reports, show-
ing the number of volumes sold and the num-
ber unsold, and should the Postmaster Gen-
eral find from these reports that in any locality
the supply of any particular document is in
excess of the demand he is authorized to
transfer the volumes to other places where the
demand for them is in excess of the supply.
Thus the reports of the Commissioner of Agri-
culture, not wanted perhaps in cities, would find
their way to the rural districts, while documents
relating to commerce and navigation, not
wanted in the country, would be transferred
to the cities, ami all reach the individuals
most likely to read and be profited by them.
The fourth section authorizes the Postmas-
ter General to allow such additional compen-
sation to the postmasters as the increased re-
ceipts of their offices from the sale of public
documents may entitle them to under existing
law, and requires him to make annually to
Congress a detailed report showing the num-
ber of volumes sold in each county, the total
amount of receipts from sales, and the num-
ber of volumes of each report remaining un-
sold. This information would indicate ex-
actly the extent of the demand for each of
the documents published by the Government,
would tell us whether we were printing too
many or too few, and guide us intelligently as
to the kind and number to be issued in future.
It may be said that if this bill becomes a
law it would make the Government Printing
Office a vast wholesale and retail printing
establishment. I see no force in this objection.
The bill cannot possibly increase the amount
of printing, but will in all probability reduce
it one half. If no more Government reports
were published than the people were willing
to pay for, the Government Printing Office
would have much less to do than now and the
United States Treasury much less to lose.
It may be objected that the bill would throw
an immense burden upon the Post Office
Department. For the purpose of informing
myself with regard to this point, I submitted
the bill to the Postmaster General during the
last session, and at his suggestion made a few
changes in its phraseology and text. He re-
garded the scheme entirely practicable; and,
while he did not seek the a'dditional labor and
responsibility which it would impose upon
him, he did not appear to think it would inter-
fere in any way with the ordinary and legiti-
mate business of his Department.
A few clerks under his general direction
would perform the labor of division, distribu-
tion, and account-keeping accurately and well.
Documents are now handled three or four
times before they leave this city ; two superin-
tendents and two corps of clerks and laborers
are employed in the document rooms of the
House and Senate. Under the plan proposed
the documents could be forwarded directly
from the Government Printing Office to the
counties, and one half the number of clerks
and laborers now employed would be sufficient
to do all the work required. At present pub-
lic documents are carried in the mail free of
charge, so that there would be no additional
burden thrown upon the postal service in the
way of transportation.
