1470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
it the more difficult for any man of ordinary
vocal powers to be heard, the more especially
when there is as mnch noise immediately about
him as there is about me at this moment.
Mr. STEVENSON. If there were more
space in the Hall the noise would be more dis-
tributed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is said by
some that this Hall should be rather smaller
than larger than it is. The fact is cited that
•when the House met in the old Hall it con-
sisted of as many members as we now have
here, though the old Hall, as members are
well aware, is very much smaller than this
Hall now is.
Another objection suggested is that we now
have two beautiful stairways, with elaborate
bronze railings, coining up from the floor
below. With the Hall extended as proposed
those stairways will land immediately in the
Hall itself, or they will have to be removed.
A third point made was that the change might
weaken the support of the Hall itself. I do
not know that this last point is good for
any thing ; the second is of no very great con-
sequence. But the first certainly is entitled
to some weight, and should be considered be-
fore we act. I simply throw out these sugges-
tions that gentlemen may understand what has
been said against this proposition.
Mr. DA WES. I am naturally a little con-
servative, and inclined to hesitate a great deal
before agreeing to any proposition that would
lead to tearing up this Hall. I know as well
as does my colleague [Mr. Butler] that some-
thing must be done to accommodate the in-
creased number of Representatives of which
the next House will be composed.
Mr. PLATT. I rise to a point of order. It
is that this proposition made by the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds must come
before the House and receive its affirmative
action before an appropriation for the purpose
will be in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
ruled that the pending amendment is in order,
and that decision 011 appeal has been sus-
tained by the committee.
Mr. DAWES. I was saying that I was afraid
this was not the way to accomplish what we
desire. I remember when we first came into
(his Hall. A committee had been appointed
to examine it and report upon its acoustic
properties. The members of that committee
came here and took positions all about this
Hall and tested those properties, and then
returned to the old Hall and told us that a
whisper could be heard anywhere in this Hall.
There were then as many members in this
House as there are bow. Every desk was
full size, and there was a space around it so
that every member could go all around his
desk. There was also a central open space,
and a space behind the seats, so that the Hall
could be traversed in all directions.
But though there were as many members
then as there are now, there was some uneasi-
ness and dissatisfaction about the Hall, and
we voted out all those desks, and for one long
term settees were provided, and we sat here
and did penance at the bidding of the com-
mittee that forced that arrangement upon us.
Then the settees were cleared out, and the
desks were brought back again and doubled
up, some of them like those just behind me
here. Yet, although there are no more mem-
bers here than before, by some fault in the
arrangements of the seats we do not find the
accommodations here that all feel we should
Now, the difficulty has been in the arrange-
ment of the seats. J feel a firm conviction
that by a proper arrangement of the seats
forty additional members can be conveniently
accommodated in this Hall. My apprehension
is that if we should take out the whole of the
southern wall of the Hall, and extend the Hall
in that direction, we could not be heard. It
would be equivalent to getting upon a ten-acre
lot; and no mortal man, I am afraid, could
make himself heard. I do not want to antag-
onize my colleague, who has spent more time
on this subject than I have. I merely give
these suggestions derived from experience.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
the House to observe, I will not say how un-
fair, but how unpleasant it is to have sprung
upon us now a debate upon a plan of altera-
tion. The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds have not had an opportunity to re-
port and to put their plans before the House.
They are having those plans prepared. But
the last appropriation bill in which this appro-
priation can be inserted is now going through
the House ; the appropriation may be defeated
under the rules unless inserted here.
The appropriation which I am instructed to
ask is only for a certain sum, or so much there-
of as shall be necessary, to refit this Hall for the
accommodation of the House hereafter. Now,
when the committee report their plans, if mem-
bers generally object to those plans, if the
sense of the House is against the proposition,
then, when the whole matter is before the
House, the proposition can be voted down and
the Hall left as it is. But it will require, at any
rate, some expenditure of money to put in this
Hall forty more seats. Hence there must be
some appropriation.
I agree that the acoustic properties of this
Hall are as bad as they can be 5 and I do not
expect from an increase in the size of the Hall
any improvement in that respect; nor does the
Architect in his plan. The difficulty in this
Hall (every man is feeling it to-day) is that we
are here without any fresh air, and without any
opportunity to get any other air than such as
is pumped up through some underground chan-
nel. I do not know but it may prove con-
venient to move the northern wall of the Hall;
but at any rate I want to get out to the air and
light of heaven, where men can get fresh and
pure ail.
In answer to the objections which have been
made, I will also say that the gallery on the
southern side of the *Hall has nothing what-
ever to do with the support of the roof or the
building. Nor does our plan interfere with
those beautiful staircases of which the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] speaks, and
which, by the way, are now where nobody can
see them. We do not interfere with those atall,
nor do we interfere with the supports of the
building. Our proposition is to arrange the
Hall, if possible, so that members.can be
heard; and we shall endeavor to put before
the House, before we obtain any authority for
an expenditure of money, a bill to which the
.House will agree. If the House should not
agree to our plan, not a dollar will be ex-
pended ; and if the plan be agreed to, only so
much as is necessary will be spent. The
appropriation cannot in any event be used for
any other purpose. I am entirely willing to
insert in this amendment, after the word
"expended," the words "according to the
resolution of the House," or ''according to
plans to be hereafter adopted." I do not care
what phraseology may be adopted, so that
there is an appropriation which may be used
whenever a plan can be agreed upon. If no
other change is made than putting in this
Hall forty additional seats, money must be
appropriated for that.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
to modify his amendment so as to provide that
the money appropriated shall be expended
on a plan to be adopted by the House." In
that form the amendment, I presume, will
meet with no objection.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
content with the proposition in that form.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Chairman, I think this
amendment ought not to prevail. It seems to
me a matter which we cannot now well or
wisely decide. How the convenience of mem-
bers is to be affected by the increased number
who will occupy this House after the present
Congress is a matter of experiment. We do
not know how conveniently or inconveniently
they will be able to transact business in this
Hall as it now is. My own judgment is that
the number of persons in the next Congress
will be too great for their convenient occupancy
of this Hall. Yet that is a matter of experi-
ment. In the English House of Commons
there is not more than enough room to seat
comfortably two hundred persons, yet that
body consists of six hundred and sixty-eight
members. This House of Representatives
will, after the present Congress, consist of two
hundred and ninety-two members, I believe.
Mr. PLATT. Three hundred and two with
Mr. KERR. Something over three hnndred,
including the Delegates from the Territories.
I believe it is practicable, without much crowd-
ing of the seats, to place all the new members
in this Hall and give them comfortable seats.
My chief objection to this proposed enlarge-
ment of the Hall now is that it is being prema-
turely done. We ought not to anticipate what
may be the wishes of the next House. We
ought to wait until they come here and until
they are organized. Then by the experience
of one session they may determine what they
can best do, and what for the convenience of
future Houses may be required to be done. It
seems to me that is the wiser course, and the
one we ought now to adopt.
I am thoroughly persuaded, for the conven-
ience and health of members and the success-
ful transaction of business in any legislative
body, this Hall is now too large. Any gen-
tleman may see at this instant with what an
effort it is I make myself heard at all. It is
not a pleasant effort to speak to the House so
I can be heard now. If we enlarge this House
by thirty or fifty feet on the south side, it seems
to me we might as well go out into a ten-acre
field and there hold our sessions. It will be
spoiling it as a deliberative Hall for any pur-
pose so far as the convenience and comfort
and physical health of members are concerned.
There are members here to-day as intelligent,
as well posted on every subject, and iu every
way as fit to instruct this House as anybody
else, whose voices are hardly ever heard here.
And why? Because they lack the physical
strength to make themselves heard. Now let
us not add to this evil; let us not intensify it
by this hasty and premature change in the size
and shape of this Hall. I hope the amend-
ment will not prevail.
Mr. PLATT. Mr, Chairman, while I agree
with the remarks and the ideas of the gentle-
man from Indiana who has just taken his seal,
I desire, in behalf of the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, to say to this House
they have not yet decided to recommeud to
the House any plan in regard to the enlarge-
ment of this Hall, or any arrangement to seat
the additional number of members who will
be present in the next Congress. I am my-
self, as one member of the Committee 011
Public Buildings and Grounds—and I believe
I violate no rule of this House in stating what
my own action will be; I do not allude to the
opinions of any other member of the com-
mittee I am myself, 1 say, opposed to any
enlargement of this Hall.
I believe it is already large enough to ac-
commodate not only three hundred, but if ne-
cessary more than that number of members of
the House of Representatives.
Members undoubtedly to-day have much
difficulty in making themselves heard. I agree
with the gentleman from Massachusetts that
the acoustic properties of this Hall are as bad
as they possibly can be, and that they do need
some remedy. I hope some way will be found
by which these defects may be remedied. 1
believe in a great measure the difficulty is now
owing to the depression in the ceiling, which
we see above us. I believe when a gentleman
speaks here now his voice is carried tip and
