1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
42d Cons....3d
Public Printing—Mr. Beatty.
Ho. of Reps.
necessities of the people than they are ; sec-
ond, it is not true that we publish these books
for their benefit.
The first great objection to the present mode
of distributing public documents lies in the
fact that it has a tendency to demoralize the
Representative. He comes to regard these
volumes as a means -whereby he may promote
his own selfish ends. He distributes them too
often, if not always, with the effect they will
have upon his reelection distinctly in view,
and thus spends the public money not so much
for the benefit of his constituents, as for J;he
purpose of controlling public sentiment in
furtherance of his own personal ends.
It amounts practically to the distribution of
public property for a private purpose. If we
were to vote half a million dollars to ourselves
each Congress for the purpose of securing our
reelection, it would raise such a storm of in-
dignation among the people as would sweep
us into oblivion. Shall we. therefore, do indi-
rectly what we dare not do directly, and put
our bribes in muslin covers and scatter them
under our frank in the name of education,
among personal and party friends, or those we
desire to make such ?
It may be said that I am simply suggesting
the motives which actuate me, and that other
gentlemen are influenced by higher and better
considerations. I trust that many gentlemen
are governed in the distribution of these docu-
ments by the sole desire of benefiting their
constituents, and I have no defense to make in
respect to my own action. I am willing to admit
for the sake of argument what should perhaps
be admitted for the sake of truth, that I have
been influenced in this regard by a desire to
push my own interests, but I affirm that a sys-
tem that will permit me to do so, that is
liable to be thus abused at any time by any
member of Congress without check or hinder-
ance, is radically wrong and should be discon-
tinued.
The presumption that Congressmen are gen-
erally either too wise or too honest to use
public property to promote their own private
fortunes is a presumption which nearly one
half of our constituents invariably deny at
every congressional election, and for this
very reason, if for no other, we should aban-
don a system that may at will be used as an
instrument for the advancement of personal or
partisan ends. We should not, any more than
the private citizen, continue in a position where
we are at liberty to do wrong whenever our
private interests may seem to require it. If a
member of Congress may give away public
property, why may not any other officer or
citizen ? And if one kind of public property
may be thus distributed among personal or
party friends on the pretext of benefiting the
people, why may not all? The system is
vicious not merely in its immediate results but
in its example, the influence of which infects
more or less every department of the public
service. It may not directly and boldly affirm
the doctrine that a public officer may use the
public property intrusted to his care for his
own private purposes, but it tolerates the
idea, and suggests that only the flimsiest pre-
text is wanted to cover and justify such a
transaction.
The second important objection to the pres-
ent mode of distributing public documents is
that it tends to demoralize our constituents.
They too often, if not always, regard the vol-
umes as gifts from the Representative. They
know very well that he can give or withhold
favors for which they are dependent upon his
partiality or caprice, and therefore come to
regard these documents as personal favors, as
gifts for which they are indebted solely to
him. They see that all pay taxes, and but
few receive books, and that the few who do
receive books are, in a great majority ot in-
stances, the personal or party friends of the
Representative, The idea of mutual obligation
is inculcated, and the constituent is thus drawn
or forced into a position of personal indebted-
ness to the Representative, an indebtedness
which he feels bound to repay at the next
nominating convention or election. This ap-
parent obligation on the part of the constitu-
ent, in many instances not the result of his own
seeking, disqualifies him in some degree at
least for the proper and impartial discharge
of his duties as an elector. To give force to
this point many instances might be mentioned
where public documents and garden seeds have
done more for public men than they ever did
either for themselves or for the country; and
one case at least could be cited where, in
addition to the usual quota of public docu-
ments, tons of old reports and worthless pam-
phlets, the accumulation of years, were franked
and mailed to the people of a certain doubtful
district to secure a renomination and reelec-
tion.
The member came back, of course, for
every voter in that district had received some-
thing under his frank, and felt under personal
obligations to him ; nor am I free to say that
his action was more censurable than that of
others. He gave so far as he could to all
what properly belonged to all; he understood
the value of this element in an election, and
used it to the best of his ability, and with suc-
cess. If it is not wrong for us to use public
property to influence the people to whom we
look for promotion, is it wrong for the people
to present their private property to those who
have offices to bestow, with a view to securing
their promotion ? If both are wrong, is it not
true that we sin more than they, because they
use their own property and we use the property
of others?
The present method of distribution is unsys-
tematic, indefinite, and wasteful. It affords no
means of determining the demand, and the only
limitimposed is the electioneering necessities of
members. This leads to the needless multi-
plication of documents, and the publication of
many in themselves useless in order to meet
the exigencies of a political canvass. It scat-
ters the volumes broadcast over the country.
Where and to whom they fall no one seeks or
car.es to know, further than that they go in the
main to the party friends of the sender. We
have no personal knowledge of the recipients,
know nothing definitely of their tastes, habits,
or wishes. We supply them at a venture; some-
times, doubtless, we hit the mark, but we cannot
be sure even of that, for the method affords no
test, no evidence in that regard. By far the
greater proportion of the volumes are sent to
those who do not ask for them. We cannot
therefore say that the supply is regulated by
the demand. We launch these documents into a
bottomless pit, and argue that the supply must
be inadequate because the pit is not filled.
It may be said that under the present sys-
tem poor men get documents who are unable
to buy them. I do not believe it. As a rule
we do not send documents to such men. Our
document lists contain the names of the act-
ive, influential party workers; men who are
abundantly able to pay for what they get, and
willing to do so. But admit that occasionally
a poor man is reached, and that these should
be provided with books gratuitously, then why
not seek out and supply only this class of per-
sons ? It would be cheaper for the Govern-
ment to appoint agents in every State in the
Union, pay them the salary of Cabinet officers,
and make it their duty to hunt up the few poor
men who are now supplied, and present them
with these reports bound in Turkey morocco
with gold clasps, than to continue the present
extravagant system of distribution. The truth
is, this thing of supplying the poor is simply
a pretext; the paramount motive is personal
interest, not the public good.
The only poor I have any knowledge of who
are benefited by this system, aside from our-
selves, are a lot of poor devils about this city
who make a living by trading in these public
documents. They get them in some way, pos-
sibly honestly, but whether honestly or not
they get them. I am told that certain private
houses are crammed with these books from
cellar to garret, and that in bookstores, junk-
shops, everywhere, they are to found. Over
one hundred sacks went out of this building at
one time under somebody's order, and became
the private property of a single dealer in this
sort of literature. He was benefited, poor
man! and I have no doubt thauks Congress
from the bottom of his heart for its generous
efforts to enlighten mankind. Some of these
poor gentlemen have a sharp eye for business.
One not long since traded an old but now rare
report for one hundred and fifty copies of tho
report of the Commissioner of Agriculture.
The agricultural reports cost the Government
ninety-seven dollars; the report received in
exchange can be bought at the junk-shops for
twenty dollars. That poor man lost noth-
ing and the gentleman with whom he traded
lost nothing; but, I ask, does the American
Congress lose nothing when it continues a
system which permits such robbery of the
people as this? What right have we to
trade off these documents for books for our
own private use, or for the libraries of our
personal friends? But this is an inconsider-
akle although very repulsive feature of the
great abuse. The wickedness of the system
consists in its practical recognition of the idea
that the public Treasury is common plunder-
ing ground, and that the first duty of a Con-
gressman is to obtain either for himself or his
constituents as large a proportion of the spoils
as possible. A short time ago, the two volumes
of Clarence King's Exploration of the Fortieth
Paral' I were on sale in the New York book-
stores. price forty-five dollars. How did they
get there? Four thousand volumes of these
books were published recently under direc-
tion of the War Department at an expense
to the Government of $36,000. There was
nothing to prevent the entire edition of the
work from going where we know some of
the volumes did go. I do not know how this
particular book got into the bookstores, and
I do not care to know. It is not my purpose
to strike at individuals; I am endeavoring
to make manifest the enormity of this great
abuse and to encourage the faint hope that it
may be discontinued.
But it is said there are certain sections of the
country where the people, for causes well un-
derstood, are extremely poor and extremely
ignorant, and that they should have the bene-
fit of the present gift-book system. Admit the
fact and it proves too much. It proves that
the people referred to are too ignorant to be
benefited by these reports. But you say the
teachers will be benefited. I reply, the teachers
are able to buy these volumes; and if it be in-
sisted,that in certain sections they are not able,
let the Bureau of Education seek them out
and put the volumes directly into their hands.
The condition of the poor colored men of
the South has justified us in doing many things,
but it will not answer to distribute books in
Massachusetts and Ohio and say that we did so
because they were needed in South Carolina
and Florida. That dodge is too transparent.
But there is another objection to the present
method of distribution, which alone should be
sufficient to condemn it. It is partial and un-
fair; it bestows upon afew what all should have
an equal opportunity to obtain. It discards aad
outrages that sense of fair play, equal rights,
and common honesty which should obtain in
every community. It in effect compels the
many, and generally the poorest, to supply the
few and generally the richest. For instance,
I send the Globe, which costs thirty dollars, to
a prominent lawyer and active politician. Who
