172
APPENDIX TO THE OONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Mareh 3,
Ho. op Reps.
Credit Mobilier-
r. Kerr,
42i> Gotta.... 3d Sass,
pays for it? The laborer whose luxuries are
taxed, the farmer, the merchaut—in fact, the
entire community. The amount of money
involved is small, of course, but the principle
involved is just as great as if the sum were
larger. The laborer may be benefited indi-
rectly, but he cannot see exactly how, and in
this instance I cannot; but we can both see
how and why -this man should pay for what he
alone uses or enjoys.
The argument of indirect benefits will not
answer. A man benefits others indirectly
when he builds a house, by furnishing em-
ployment to the lumberman, miner, mechanic,
merchant; but that does not constitute a reason
why the.y should help pay for the house, and
give him the sole use of it. This idea of in-
direct benefits to a community is the shabbiest
of all pretexts for imposinga burden of fromsix
to ten hundred thousand dollars a year upon the
taxpayers of the country for public documents.
Would it not be well to abandon the baseless
assumptions upon,which this system depends,
and consider for a moment the benefits, both
direct and indirect, which would result from
its discontinuance? The direct benefits would
appearin the annual reduction of theexpenses
of the Government, in the improved character
aDd higher tone of the representative bodies,
and possibly in better legislation.
Further benefits would flow from the exam-
ple which we would thus place before the peo-
ple of a frugal and conscientious husbanding
of the resources of the nation, and of sacred
regard for the interests of the tax-payer. The
people would see that no expenditures were
too inconsiderable to invite our scrutiny.
They would see that in national as well as
private affairs economy brought wealth, wealth
strength, and strength security. These are
solid elements in the character of a nation,
and need no speech or elaborate report to point
them out. Wherever they are, they stand out
like moral promontories to influence and guide
the conduct of all. The humblest citizen, un-
educated though he may be, who instills into
the heart of his child the idea that integrity is
better than learning, and an honest discharge
of all obligations better than wealth, plants
the germs winch, if opportunity favors, will
bud and blossom in the hero, to whom poverty
will be more acceptable than ill-gotten gain,
and death more desirable than dishonor. It
may be well (or us, therefore, standing as we
do in the sight of the nation, to keep the effect
our example may have upon the citizen stead-
ily in view, and draw the line of distinction
between public and private property so broad
and clean cut that all may see it, and no de-
faulter be able to rise up and plead our exam-
ple in extenuation of his guilt.
I present here a statement of the amount
expended for printing during the year ending
September 30, 1872:
Printed and bound under authority of laws and
resolutions passed by former Con-
gresses $471,617 81 $471,617 81
Bills and joint resolutions
of second session, Forty-
Second Congiess  36,990 81 36,990 81
Usual number authorized by
former statutes  168,231 49 168,2J1 49
Census report of 1871  72.50J 98 72,503 98
Ku Klux report, exclusive
of usual number  54,022 00 54,022 00
Total cost of Ku Klux re-
port  97,440 06
Case of United States at
Geneva, exclusive of usual
number      15,636 21 15,636 21
Total cost of United States
case at Geneva  38,385 06
Other documents and mis-
cellaneous printing  74,187 67 74,187 67
$893,189 97
Total cost, of printing and bi-.ding for
the executive and judicial depart-
ments during the same period  1,036,307 02
Total cost of printing Glob'' for second
session, Forty-Second Congress  246,555 50
$2,176,052 49
Of this amount it is safe to say that at least
one half million might have been saved with-
out detriment to the public service, and with-
out withholding any necessary information
from the people. It should be remembered
that these public documents are not the only
sources from which the people may derive
political knowledge or information respecting
public affairs. What is not wanted merely for
reference the people get in the newspapers far
more expeditiously than the Government can
furnish it. The reports of all the Executive
Departments are spread before the whole coun
try the day after they are made, and sometimes
the day before.
The mining journals, the agricultural papers,
the journals of commerce, mechanics, man-
ufactures, and education, in short the great
press of the country, penetrating every nook
and corner of the land, with an eye to every
interest that engages the attention of man,
shakes up the chaff of our Government re-
ports, and lays before the public all the solid
kernels which they contain. Why, therefore,
should we scatter in our clumsy and wasteful
manner information which the press in a con-
densed aud more acceptable form has long
before carried to the firesides of our people ?
The student, the zealous worker in any branch
of industry, of art, or science, may want fuller
and more accurate information, and if so,
place the volumes where he may obtain them
conveniently and at comparatively trifling ex-
pease. This is all the Government should do.
Credit Mobilier.
SPEECH OP HON. M. 0 KERR,
of indiana,
In tim House of Rkpreskntatives,
March 3, 1873,
On the report of the select committee to investigate
the alleged Credit Mobilier bribery.
Mr. KEKii. Mr. Speaker, it is only under
a sense of duty, as a Representative acting in
a judicial capacity, that 1 venture to express
any views in this controversy otherwise than
by my votes. From the outset of the investi-
gation 1 have cherished a profound desire to
maintain entire freedom from partisan bias.
I have found no personal pleasure in the gen-
eral subject or in its contemplation, because
it affects paiufnlly the honor of our country
and Government. I shall not now attempt to
discuss the subject in the details of its con-
nection with individuals. I am chiefly solicit-
ous to place on, record my views on the very
important question of
the jurisdiction of tee hocsb.
The several reports presented to the House
contain very full and specific statements of
the historical and parliamentary precedents
supposed to be more or less in point. I do
not intend to repeat them, or in detail to con-
sider them, or to analyze and distinguish them
respectively, whether English or American.
Not one of them is so pertinent, or clear, or
authoritative as to give us a conclusive rule
of action now. They neither serve, singly or
collectively considered, to settle, or limit, or
define the just powers of the House in this
case.
I prefer to appeal at once for guidance to
the letter and intent of the Constitution and
the spirit of our institutions. The powers of
the British Parliament are transcendent and
omnipotent; ours are not, but are circum-
scribed by the limitations of a written Consti-
tution. 1 accept with full approval the judg-
ment of our own Supreme Court in Anderson
vs. Dunn, (6 Wheaton,) that " American legis-
lative bodies have never possessed, or pre-
tended to, that omnipotence which constitutes
the legal feature in the legislative assemblies
of Great Britain."
But I am told that the grant of power t®
each House of Congress is broad, clear, and
unconditional. The language of that grant
is: Bach House may punish its members for
disorderly behavior, and, with the concurrence
of two thirds, expel a member." I appre-
ciate fully the scope of these_ words, and I
only demand for them such rational construc,-
tion as shall make them harmonize with- the
entire instrument. No statesman can safely
or wisely suffer* himself to interpret such ail-
exceptional provision otherwise than with
constant reference to the more general, import-
ant*, fundamental, and solemn grants and
guarantees of the Constitution. To many of
them this peculiar grant is certainly subordin-
ate. The claim of some gentlemen in this debate
that the power of the House to expel its mem-
bers is absolutely unlimited, provided only
that two thirds of the members concur, appeals
to me to be most dangerous. I utterly refuse
to join in it; it is unreasonable, illogical, and
unnecessary ; the true aim and purpose of the
power do not require it ; and grave consider-
ations of public policy forbid it. The thought-
ful Representative will exercise the utmost
care to view the Constitution as an entirety,
and to so reconcile all its parts as to maintain
its essential unity.
I may not inaptly indicate my meaning by a
few illustrations. If' the power of expulsion
is unlimited, and the mere concurrence of
two thirds of either House makes law, then it
follows that two thirds may expel a member
because he is not thirty years old, although
the Constitution in express terms only re-
quires him to be twenty-live years old. With
equal reason it might expel a man because
he was over sixty. 11' it may expel for any
offense, past or present, then, on this auto-
cratic theory of power, it may expel a mem-
ber because before or after his election he
did, as editor of some public journal, severely
criticise or abuse or libel Congress or the
President or the Cabinet, although the Con-
stitution expressly forbids the euactment of
any law abridging the freedom of the press.
In like manner it might expel a member
because during some previous period of his
life, or during the political canvass which pre-
ceded his election to the House, hg had in-
dulged in bold aud reckless denunciations of
Congress and had charged its members with
personal corruption, although the Constitution
expressly guaranties the unabridged freedom
of speech. Such theories of power are vio-
lently inconsistent with the essential principlea
of free representative and elective government.
I can find no just reason or authority for the
support of such assumptions.
Our primary duty in attempting to construe
any specific provision in the Constitution is
to consider what are its nature and objects, its
scope and design, as apparent from the struc-
ture of the instrument, viewed as a whole and
also viewed in its component parts. Congress
is a legislative body, not a court. It is in-
vested with very high functions and great
powers. But all it3 powers are limited and
defined. It is nowhere given authority to de-
fine its own powers. The power in question,
therefore, can only be rightfully construed by
inquiring what were its real and necessary
objects and scope. What was the object, the
good result sought to be attained by the power
under consideration? It was manifestly and
solely to enable each House of Congress to
protect itself against all improper or unlawful
acts on the part of its members calculated to
defeat or interfere with the honest and lawful
and unselfish performance of its duties. Be-
yond the power necessary to secure such protec-
tion neither House should ever go. The power
is not conferred, as upon a court of justice, for
general punishment, butonly for self-protection
against disorderly conduct, or acts of violence,
or gross violations of necessary parliamentary
