1873.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
W3
Mr^SPRAGUE. The word "political"
should he inserted in the bill before the word
"disabilities," and I make that motion.
The; VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objectioo, that amendment will be made.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill nead a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed, two
thirds voting in favor thereof.
JOHN CONDLIN.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions
reported on the 16th of this month a bill
granting a pension to John Condlin, to be
found on page 28 of the Calendar. 1 discover
that it is necessary to mate an amendment to
that bill. I move that it be now tal>en up, for
the purpose of correcting the bill, and that it
be put on its passage, a? it will be necessary
to_ send it back to the 'House of Represent-
atives. •"'"•■■■
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider- the bill (H. R. .No. 2558) granting a
pension to John Condlin. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place on the pension-
rolls. subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of John Cond-
lin, late a private in company It of the second
regiment of District of Columbia volunteers.
Mr. PRATT. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after the name "John Condlin," in
line six, the words "who.enlisted under ihe
name of John Conglon " There is some mis-
take in the spelling of the name.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed, and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WINDOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1619) for the relief of Francisco V.
DeCoster, of Lichfield, Meeker county, Min-
nesota ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1620) to authorize the President of the
United States to appoint a commission to
revise the bankrupt laws and report amend-
ments thereto; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
PUBLICATION OF DEBATES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business is concluded, and the Senate passes
to the consideration of the Calendar under the
Anthony rule. There was no unfinished busi-
ness pending at the adjournment last evening.
The Secretary will report the first bill on the
Calendar.
Mr. ANTHONY. I certainly do not wish
to interpose anything against the Calendar,
but I desire to call the attention of the Senate
to one matter which is in the nature of a privi-
leged question. Senators will remember that
at the last session the Committee on Printing
were directed to invite, proposals and make
estimates for continuing the publication of the
congressional debates. The committee have
reported, and have recommended a joint reso-
lution giving the contract to the lowest bid-
der. The contract under which the Globe is
printed expires on the 4th of March, and if a
change is made, the new contractor will natu-
rally require some time to prepare himself for
so extensive a work. In fact, he ought to
have more time than we can give him now. I
should like, therefore, to have the subject
taken up either now or at a very early time.
Mr. STEVENSON. ..I hope the Senator
42u Cong. 3dSess.—No. 93.
from Rhode Island will let this matter go over
at least for a day; J consider it a very import-
ant subject. In seeking, economy we may do
great injustice. 1 know nothing about who
the low.est bidder is,- but I do know that the
printing of our debater has been done, with
consummate skill and , accuracy during my
acquaintance with Congress for some fifteen
years past. While I am for saving every dol-
lar to this Government that can be saved, I
am unwilling rashly, without a full examina-
tion. of the bill and without a full examination
of the subject, (and it will take I suppose but
a short time,) to vote upon the question, and
I should be. glad to have it laid over for the
present. I do not know how it is with other
Senators, but I feel that this is a very important
subject. I feel that economy is .demanded,
and yet I feel that we should not rashly go
into a contract and find ourselves bound and
this duty performed hadly. I give no opinion
as to that. I know nothing about the person
who proposes to contract for this work; I do
not even know his name.. The Senator inti-
mates that there is a necessity for immediate
action in order that he may make the neces-
sary preparations. . I therefore hope the sub-
ject may be called up either to-morrow or
next day, when I shall have had an opportunity
to. look into it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have several times
borne nay testimony, and I very cheerfully do
it now, to the manner in which the work has
been performed by the present contractors.
It is as n?ar perfect as anything of the kind
possibly can be. The work is dona easily,
quietly, promptly, and we never hear from the
contractors. I do not think that I have spoken
tp them more than once this sesssion. They
never come neaf us, but always send us their
work well done.
But, Mr- President, the Committee on Print-
ing wfere directed to invite proposals for the
publication of the debates. We have invited
proposals, and the man who offers to do it at
the lowest rate proposes to do it at a saving—
I have not the report before me—of $100,000
a year; and he is a man who is now the editor,
of a prosperous newspaper, and ha?, I under-
stand, though I have not visited it, a large
printing establishment, which, with some neces-
sary additions, would doubtless qualify him to
do this work. Although it is with very great
reluctance that I h ve reported the joint, reso-
lution to take this work away from the old
and faithful servants of Congress who have
had it from the beginning, the committee being
instructed by Congress to invite proposals,
could not feel justified in giving the work to
any one but the lowest bidder when he is a
practical printer, and offers a bond of $100,000
for the faithful performance of his contract.
I am quite willing to let this matter lie over
until to-morrow in order that the Senator from
Kentucky may examine it, and I hope the
Senator from Kentucky, and all other Sen-
ators who wish to examine it, will do so in the
course of the day, for although we are very
much pressed with work, it is absolutely neces-
sary that this question should be disposed of
one way or the other. If this contractor is
not to have it, then the other contractors
ought to know it, and if he is to have it, he
certainly ou^ht to be able to put himself into
a position to do it at once.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I call for the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island calls for the regular order,
which is the Calendar under the Anthony
rule, and the Secretary will report the first
bill on the Calendar.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (Ht R. No. 3470)
to amend the act entitled "An act granting
the right of way to the Walla-Walla and
Columbia River Railroad Company, and for
other purposes," approved March 3, 18G9.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that go over.
Mr. BLAIR._ I move that the Calendar be
laid aside, if it is necessary - to make that,
motion, to^take up the report of the confer-
ence committee on the steamboat bill. :
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar
under the Anthony rule being before the Senate,
the Senatorfrom Missouri moves to postpone its
further consideration to take up the conference
report made on the steamboat bill at the last
session.
Mr. HOWE. I wanted- to say a word-about
this printing matter before it went over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It went over
under the objection of the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Si'BAGTiF,,} but the title of the
first bill on the. Calendar had to be reported.
The Senator from Wisconsin could then have
moved to postpone it, as the Senator from
Missouri has done. ,
Mr, HOWE. I could not make that motion
without being recognized. I think the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Spbagce,] if I
could get his ear,, would not insist upon pro-
ceeding with the regular order to the exclu-
sion of the few remarks. I. wanted to make.
However, the chairman of the committee has
consented to let this matter go over. I will
only say that to-morrow I shall want to takes
the vote of the Senate upon the subject.
THE STEAMBOAT BICL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Blair.] .
The question being put, a division was
called for, and the ayes were twenty-five.
Mr. OONKLI.NG. What is the question ?
The VIPE PRESIDENT. To postpone
the Calendar, and t$ke up the conference
report roade at the last session on the steam-
boat bill.
tylr. CONKLING., I want to be heard on
that question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate is
dividing. ,
Mr. CONKLING. I jyill wait until the Sen-
ate divides, and then; if there is any serious
result, in the affirmative, I. will ask to be heard.
The question beipg put,"there were on a
division—ayeS 25, noe& 18.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the veas and
nays.
The, yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLIN.G. Now I want to be heard
for a moment. The motion is to postpone the
Calendar to take up the conference report on
the steamboat bilj. I shall not debate the
merits of the bill when I remind the Senate
that at a very early day in this session another
bill, which was itself the subject of a confer-
ence report, w^s taken up on the motion of
the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott,]
I aiding him among others, which bill con-
tained a provision in reference, tp the amount
of steam that, might be carried by tug-boats
and others on the western wafers. That bill,
as the Globe will show, was understood at the
time as a bill which covered all of what I may
deem the aggravated complaints which this
present bill w^s designed to remedy.
Now, the report which lies upon the table-
restraining my'se,lf ^ga,in from saying anything
about the merits—contains a great variety of
provisions. It,is a, very large subject. The
bill is a very long one. It is a bill upon which
I want myself to be heard, and to be heard
with some deliberation, although I have not
one word to say to consume time. I have
never heard until within a moment that there
was any proposition to take it up at this ses-
sion. I. never imagined that there was any
plan to take it up this morning. Therefore I
am entirely unprepared, for one, in regard to it.
I have a good many papers which should be
referred to, some of which I want to read to
the Senate. But, as I understand the bill, I
shall deem it my duty to make to it all the
opposition that I know how to make to a
