1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
this: that when a man who was a claimant
before the Court of Claims under the act of
1863 had received a pardon, under the gen-
eral proclamation of the President of the
United States proclaiming pardon to a class
of people, then in that case he was in the
court with his fall legal rights aa though he
had never sinned. On that point the decision
of the court was unanimous.
Now I come to consider one other point.
The gentleman From New York last evening
alluded to the legislation of last session open-
ing the Treasury to certain payments, as though
that had in some way swelled the expenditures
to which he called attention.
I call the attention of the gentleman to the
fact that the clause put into our deficiency ap-
propriation bill of last year did not add any-
thing to the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims.
On the contrary, it simply declared that in
cases where proofs were clearly made that the
Treasury was holding property of private indi-
viduals which had been unlawfully seised, the
Secretary of the Treasury should restore such
property; and Congress appropriated a suffi-
cient sum to make the restoration.
In this connection I will also state that the
Supreme Court speaks with no uncertain
sound upon this question. It declares that
property belonging to private individuals and
seized by the Government, is a mere trust held
by the Government as a trustee, or, to use the
language of one of the judges, as a stake-
holder, and that it has no right whatever over
'that property except to reimburse itself for
the expense it may have incurred in regard to
it. So that the Government of the United
States, whenever it holds the property of a
private citizen in its hands, must consider
itself not as owning the property, but as hold-
ing it as a trustee, and must deliver it back to
the person to whom it belongs without regard
to his moral or political character. For illus-
tration, if A seizes the watch of B, the ques-
tion of B's moral character has nothing to do
with A's obligation to deliver it back, though
perhaps A'8 moral character might be at Btake
in the transaction. So, when the United
States Government holds property that it has
forcibly seized, the court decides that such
property is held by the Government as a trustee
only, and must be delivered back whenever
the private owner comes forward and proves
his ownership.
One word more as to the amendment of the
?gentleman from New York. The first six
ines of his proposition do not apply at all to
this appropriation. The last two lines pro-
pose to change the law of 1863, and to change
the entire practice of Congress on this sub-
ject. If the House desires to adopt that pro-
vision and make it a part of the law, it
amounts to this: that the House of Repre-
sentatives and the Senate shall together con-
stitute a sort of court of appeal, in which
decisions of the Supreme Court shall be
reviewed. If this House desires to adopt a
principle by which we shall consider here all
the elements of a case that has been heard in
the Court of Claims according to law, which
has gone through that tribunal and met its
sanction, and has then gone before the Supreme
Court and received the final sanction of that
court—if such a case is to be brought up here
for discussion upon the question whether we
shall pay the award, we shall have a very large
and dangerous addition to our public business.
Better far abolish the courts than thus to
strangle their freedom. I hope the House will
not agree to the amendment of the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Mr. Chairman,
my remarks of last evening may seem by inad-
vertence on my part to cast a reflection upon
the Court of Claims, which I did not intend.
In the Padelford case the court rendered judg-
ment for the claimant on the ground that his
signing the bail bond of a confederate officer
was not rendering voluntary aid to the rebel-
lion. The Supreme Court reversed that judg-
ment as to the ground on which the Court of
Claims had based it, but affirmed it upon the
ground that though the claimant had given
voluntary aid and comfort to the rebellion,
he was nevertheless included within the presi-
dential proclamation and was entitled to
recover. I do not wish to seem to intimate
that the Court of Claims, including every
judge of that court, has not stood, and stood
unanimously, as a bulwark to protect the
Treasury against disloyal claimants until that
bulwark was broken down by successive decis-
ions of the Supreme Court.
Now, sir, I yesterday, as the Globe shows,
asked the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] whether this appropriation of $400,000
was'' intended to cover all judgments rendered
by the Court of Claims during the year for
which the appropriation was made." I read
his answer as reported in the Globe:
" Mr. Garfield of Ohio. I suppose go. It is the
ordinary estimate for whatever judgments may be
rendered."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will see at once that I supposed he was speak-
ing of the appropriation which Congress
makes from year to year—the annual appro-
priation.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. And I find my
recollection of the gentleman's remarks of last
spring is verified by reference to the Globe,
page 3151, where ne says, referring to the
proceeds of this captured cotton—
"All the balance of this money is now covered
into the Treasury; and under the law of July, 1870,
not a dollar of it can be paid out except on appro-
priations."
Now I submit, Mr. Chairman, that the
answer which the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations [Mr. Garfield] made to
me and his remark of last spring show that
the Committee on Appropriations were labor-
ing under the same misapprehension I was
laboring under, that this House and the
country knew when these appropriations were
made how much we were paying on these
cotton claims. And I submit to him he ought
to have the charity, instead of poking sharp
sticks at me, to thank me for calling his atten-
tion to the fact that millions upon millions of
dollars were being paid out from day to day
upon1 the claims of flagrant and active rebels,
while this House, and the gentleman among
them, would sit up all night to prevent an
appropriation of $20,000 for a man whose
property had been taken for public use—as
the majority of this House declared by their
solemn votes reiterated—for public use within
the letter of the Constitution demanding that
compensation should be made.
Now, my point is precisely this : I do not
propose to fling myself, nor do I ask the
House to throw itself, into the teeth of the
decisions of the Supreme Court; but if the
Supreme Court is of opinion—and we are
bound to accept it as the law—that a disloyal
claimant is to be paid like that of the mau who
was confederate loan commissioner, who has
already recovered $474 000, which is doubt-
less paid by this time (and the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is as innocent
of any knowledge of it as the babe in the
woods) to Mr. Lamar, of Savannah—if these
judgments are to be paid, I submit, Mr. Chair-
man, to this House it should be on a report of
these judgments to the House, and the coun-
try should know and the House should know
what is being done. And I have just this
much to say on that subject, sir: during the
war and until the commencement of this Con-
gress I was at my home in the country
watching the progress of events here. I re-
member sir, when you and a Republican Con-
gress, in the McArdle case, passed in an ap-
propriation bill on the sly, Mr. Chairman, a
provision depriving the Supreme Court of
jurisdiction in that case. Why ? Because it
looked to us in the distance as if the loyal
Republican Congress between the rebels and
the Supreme Court were in the same condition
as the fellow who was between the devil and
the deep sea. [Laughter.] And while I have
great confidence in aud great respect for the
decisions of the Supreme Court, I beg leave
to say to the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations and to this House that the
people rule this country; and if the Com-
mittee on Appropriations or Congress or the
Administration undertake to put themselves
in the way, I have only to give them this ad-
monition, that the people are behind them,
determined loyal Union men shall be paid first,
and they had better stand from under.
My point is this, and it is the only point I
make in that amendment, if this Government
is going into liquidation let us prefer our con-
fidential creditors, and that is all there is of it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to call
attention to one thing, that it would always
be well when a gentleman reads from the
Globe what another member has said he ought
to read the next following sentence, provided
it is very closely connected with that which
goes before. I read:
"And the balance of this money is now covered
into the Treasury, and under the law of July, 1870,
not a dollar of it can be paid oat except on appro-
priations
So I said then, and so I Mill say, but I also
said in the next sentence—
"There are now, not in the Court of Claims,but
before the Secretary of the Treasury, adjudicated
claims settled and allowed for the proceeds of cot-
ton thus sold and covered in. which the Secretary
himself is empowered to pay if an appropriation be
made for that purpose."
Then I go on to say:
" Now, if the amendment of the committee be
adopted, two things will happen: first, the Senate
amendment being stricken out, the Court of Claims
will go on as before, adjudicating cases regularly and
lawfully brought before it. In addition to that, the
Congress of the United States will have appropriated
a sufficient amount of money to pay the claims
already adjudicated. We, therefore, by this amend-
ment accomplish both purposes at once. We per-
mit the Court of Claims to go on with its work,
undisturbed by legislative interference, and we
make an appropriation to pay the claims adjudi-
cated either by the oourt or by the Secretary directly
without the aid of the court."
The gentleman will therefore know, when I
said this money was covered into the Treas-
ury, I was speaking solely and only of the
money raised from cotton aeieed under the
act of June 80, 1866, and not only of aban-
doned property under that act.
It was of that money I spoke when I said it
was covered into the Treasury. And as the
result of that which the gentleman read from
we passed section five, the last section of the
deficiency bill, which section says:
" That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to pay to the lawful
owners, or their legal representatives, of all cotton
seized after the 30th day of June, 1865, by the agents
of the Government unlawfully and in violation of
their instructions, the net proceeds, without inter-
est."
And then goes on to say—
" That the foregoing provisions shall not apply to
any claim pending before the Court of Claims.
Making a clear and decided distinction be-
tween these two classes of cases; those in the
Court of Claims coming up and being paid out
of the general, permanent appropriation, and
this class of cases being authorized to be paid
by this section containing this special appro-
priation.
Mr. HARRIS^ of Virginia. I should not
detain the committee a moment on this ques-
tion did I not honestly believe that my friend
from New York [jMr. Smith] misconceives
the whole scope ot the question._ He seems
to have the idea that the appropriation asked
for in the bill is an appropriation to pay parties
under the judgments for captured and aban-
doned property. Not one dollar of the money
called for by this appropriation can be paid
on the judgments of the Court of Claims in the
class of cases the gentleman has referred to.
The act of Congress of 1863, provides that
the proceeds of the sale of captured and aban-
doned property be paid into the Treasury. It
