1 u
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 25,
Ho. of Reps.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Hawley.
42d Cong....3d
The vital question in this case is, did the
implicated persons have guilty knowledge?
Did they acquire and hold their respective in-
terests in the Credit Mobilier with notice of its
vicious character? It is not necessary that
they should have had direct and precise in-
formation on this subject. If, by reason of
their relations to the Government and their
general knowledge of current events and their
familiarity with guilty parties, they acquired
such information as should have aroused their
diligence as public servants and put them upon
inquiry, then they may in both law and ethics
be held chargeable with guilty knowledge. My
votes have sufficiently indicated my conclu-
sions on these points, and I will now, therefore,
take leave of this unpleasant subject.
Credit Mobilier.
SPEECH OF HON. J. R. HAWLEY,
OP CONNECTICUT,
In the House op Representatives,
February 25, 1873.
The report of the special committee of the House
on the Credit Mobilier investigation, (Mr. Poland
chairman,) which recommends the expulsion of
Messrs. Oakes Ames, of Massachusetts, and James
Brooks, of New York, being under consideration-
Mr. HAWLBY, of Connecticut, said:
Mr. Speaker : I had abandoned all thought
of addressing the House upon this subject until
this evening's session was agreed upon, and I
found that my being heard would not interfere
with any arrangement made by the distin-
guished chairman of the committee. I there-
fore beg leave to occupy your time for a few
moments. I shall address myself almost
wholly t<i the case of Mr. Oakes Ames as that
first brought to our attention by the committee.
I think it is to be investigated and decided
upon its merits, and upon its own merits alone.
There may be others guilty or innocent, im-
plicated, or not involved. Mr. Oakes Ames
now, for our purpose, stands alone at the bar
of the House. It will not answer to say that
the committee have found something against
Mr. Brooks and nothing against others. It
is our duty to consider now how much they
have found against Mr. Ames and whether
their sentence is just. I have a high respect
for that committee, as I suppose all the House
have. It was constituted by a member of the
Opposition. I do not know that any man could
say to what political party it belongs precisely.
I am glad of that. It is composed of men of
experience and legal knowledge. I was in-
clined, therefore, before the report was read
to look upon it with respect. According to the
best of my feeble judgment, it deserves the
support of the House. I shall begin by giving
•it my vote—at least on the first resolution.
Some gentlemen who have spoken here, it
seems to me, have argued practically that no
offense whatever has been committed in all
these transactions. They have asgued that it
is right for a member of Congress to hold stock
of any kind, and especially this particular
stock; that any man has a right to buy or to
sell it to any amount; that any member of this
House or any officer of the Government had
aright to doit. Sir, if these are the ethics in
fashion here, the fashion must change, as I
think will be discovered—if not this week or
this month, yet within the year or two, if I
do not mistake, in the rising thought of the
American people.
Now, let us see what is set forth in the pre-
amble of this first resolution. It reads :
Whereas Mr. Oakes Ames, a Representative in
this House from the State Massachusetts, has been
guilty of selling to members of Congress shares of
stock in the Credit Mobilier of America for prices
much below the true value of such stock, with intent
thereby to influence thq votes and decisions of such
members in matters to be brought before Congress
for action :
Resolved, That Mr. Oakes Ames be, and he is
hereby, expelled from his seat as a member of this
House.
There are two points set forth in that pream-
ble; the selling of this stock of the Credit Mo-
bilier below its value in market, and the intent
to influence the votes and decisions of mem-
bers of Congress. I shall not dwell upon the
firstpoint; I think itis proved clearly thatthat
stock was sold below its value. If I read the
evidence aright, there had been several divi-
dends made upon that stock before January,
1868. At any rate there was one made in that
month, and stock delivered about that time
was not only not paid for by the purchaser, but
the purchaser received over $300 in addition
to what was either the purchase or the present
of this stock—call it what you please. Why,
then, will any man say that stock was sold at
anything like its real value ? It is said that
it had no market value. 1 know it had not
been hawked about Wall street, because it was
worth so much that its holders did not want to
sell it; they wanted to keep it or place some
of it "where it would do good. "
Now, as to the intent to influence the votes
and decisions of members. It is provided not
only by these famous McComb letters, but it
seems to me that gentlemen forget it is proved
by Mr. Ames's testimony over and over again
within the last month or six weeks. I have
here some very brief extracts which I made
from those letters and from some of the testi-
mony, a line here and there, not doing violence
to the text, but showing, as I conceive, its
true spirit.
In the first McComb letter Mr. Ames says:
"I have throo"—
Meaning three persons to receive stock—
"to place, which I shall put whoro they will do
most good to us. I am hore on the spot and can
better judge where they should go. I think we
should" * * * * " distribute the stock
where it will protect us. Let them have the stock
at par and profits made in the future."
And, in the same letter, he says :
"A part of the purchasers here are poor and want
their bonds to enable them to meet their payment on
the stock."
We can now understand how it was that a
man could purchase a thousand dollars' worth
of stock and pay nothing for it and receive
$329 immediately.
Again, in the second McComb letter, Mr.
Ames says:
" X have used this whereit will produce most good
to us."
Not even to the Pacific Railroad Company,
but " to us"—to the seven trustees under the
Ames contract, and the men for whom the
seven held that contract.
"In view of King's letter and Washburn's move
here, I go in for making our bond dividend in full."
That there might be the more to divide;
that the stock which was sold at par with $329
thrown in and nothing paid, might be the more
profitable. In the third McComb letter he
says:
"We want more friends in this Congress, and if a
man will look into the law (and it is difficult to get
them to do it unless they have the interest to do so)
he cannot help being convinced that we should not
be intertered with."
But Mr. Ames says several times that he
never made a promise to a Congressman, and
never exacted a promise from one; that he
would not dare to do so. Certainly not; that is
not the way. Gentlemen certainly are remark-
ably ignorant of the style of the lobbyist if they
suppose him to resort to anything so bald as
that. The lobbyists exact no promise, they
make no promise. They offer an opportunity
for an exceedingly favorable purchase, and the
least said the better, leaving the poison to
work its own way, and the better the man upon
whom the temptation is practiced the more
cautious the purchaser of the influence, but
the worse the crime.
Now, these are not matters five years old.
This conviction, this opinion, this purpose,
this policy of Mr. Ames is not five years old ;
it is not antiquated; it is not barred by the
statute of limitations; it is not forgotten; it is-
not buried. Mr. Ames has been again and
again and again on the witness stand in the
room of the committee of this House, repeat-
ing his belief in this same creed, saying here,
after all this exposure, after all this shame
brought upon us, if not upon him, that he holds
that a Congressman has the right to invest any-
where and at all times in whatever he pleases.
He defends that and defies the true, loyal,
high, moral sentiment of the country, the sen-
timent represented by the ex-SSnator, the
Chevalier Bayard, of DelaWare. On page 16
of the report he says:
"We wanted oapital and influence—influence not
on legislation alone, but on credit, good, wide, and a
general favorable feeling."
This expression of his is taken from his
deliberate statement drawn for him by his
attorney, his sworn testimony on the opening
of this case, presented after due deliberation
and full consultation with able lawyers. "We
wanted influence on legislation." That is
what he says in explaining why he sold, or
gave, or disposed of (call it what you may)
this stock. Innocent old man!
On page 20 he says that in the early part of
1868 the prospects were flattering for good
dividends, and that in distributing the stock he
was obliged to disappoint some good friends.
But he goes on:
" But I strove to use them [the shares] in a way
that 1 thought most advantageous in spreading an
influence everywhere."
This Hall not excluded, this Hall directly
in view when he made the bargain. On page
21, he says:
" 1 desired to go on as we had done from the be-
ginning by making the number interested as largo as
possible."
Gentlemen say that this is harmless, nay
praiseworthy, in a great capitalist engaged in
such an enterprise.^ Certainly, within the
ordinary limitations, it is all harmless; but in
this connection, if you read the testimony you
will see in this language an additional signifi-
cance. Onpage 22, he says '■
"In the letter to which mine of January 30,1868,
is a reply "—
that is, the second of McComb's letters—
"we had been threatened with congressional invest-
igations "—
I am endeavoring now to find the motive for
"spreading this influence'' of which he speaks—•
"we had been threatened with congressional invest-
igations."
On page 22, speaking of the proposal to re-
duce charges, and of the complaints made by
Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, in regard to the
excessive rates charged for passage and freight,
Mr. Ames says:
" Being a mere private right, I had always found
it difficult to induce any one to take the trouble to
look at the case."
Every member of Congress knows what the
embarrassments of this capitalist were in in-
ducing any one out of two hundred and forty
members of this House to sit down for half an
hour and go into an examination of figures
and details.
"For this roason I wanted more shares to be
issued, for I have found that there is no difficulty in
inducing men to look after their own property."
Does this need any gloss, any interpretation,
any application when the man is talking of
sales to Congressmen ? On page 22 he says :
" I never dreamed of it"—
that is, corrupting members in any way. But
he proceeds to say :
"All my idea was to have people enough interested
to look into the matter."
