1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1475
say this: we are now withiu ten or eleven
days of the end of the session. It is very
natural that the representatives' from these
States, oil six of them, on this floor, should
express their opinion in favor of the validity
of this claim. We know that in the House of
Representatives those three States have fifty
Representatives, which is one fifth of all the
number of Representatives there are in the
country. The distinguished Senators from
those three States on this floor are but a twelfth
of the number of this body. Therefore this
is the place, this is the forum where the ques-
tion should be discussed and considered; and
the mere fact that the bill has passed the House
of Representatives is no reason why we should
take it up at this session, for with a start of
fifty votes the bill probably can pass the House
of Representatives at any time.
Now, in making these remarks I do not
mean to criticise my friends from those States,
for I am free to say that if it was a claim from
New Jersey my opinions probably would be as
favorable as theirs are to the claim of their
States, but simply to call the attention of Sen-
ators from other States to the propriety and
importance of our taking this subject up when
we have time to consider it in extenso.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, this, two
per cent, fund question would have been de-
cided a long time ago if the consideration of
the bill had not been baffled from time to time.
It is true there are three great States, as it is
said, interested in this matter, but they do not
receive any consideration at the hands of the
Senate. Any little private bill can crowd this
bill out; the Calendar is preferred, a multi-
tude of private bills are preferred, and the
claims of three States have been put aside
from time to time for these very inferior con-
siderations. Now, sir, I do not know that a
claim by a State is a privileged question before
this body, but it seems to me that it ought to
be, and that States ought to be entitled to
some consideration, and to have their claims
decided, especially in this body, which, as the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] suggests
to me, is intended to represent the States.
It seems to me that it is a matter of simple
justice that ought to commend itself to the
judgment of every Senator in this body that
this bill should be allowed to come up and the
question discussed and decided. I shall listen
to the Senator from New Jersey with great
pleasure when the time comes for discussion.
1 know the Senator from New Jersey takes an
adverse view of this claim, and I believe from
the Judiciary Committee he has reported
against it; but others believe that the claim
is well founded; and all we ask is that we
shall have an opportunity of presenting to the
Senate the claim of these States.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 must confess that I was a
little surprised at the argument adduced by
my friend from New Jersey in opposition to
the consideration of this measure. _ His urgu
merit runs about in this way: Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois have a claim against the Govern-
ment, and possibly may ask interest thereon ;
not that the claim may not be just, but inasmuch
as they might possibly ask interest thereior,
the Senate must not consider the claim whether
iust or unjust. Now, to settle the question
of my friend from New Jersey, I have in my
hand a letter from the Comptroller in reference
to this question, in which he says :
"The claim of the different States is.
$474,119 69; for Indiana. $413,568 61; tor Ohio,&399,-
400 92, the whole claim amounting to $1,287,088 82.
That is the amount of the claim, and that is
the claim which these States ask the Congress
of the United States to pass upon, it, i£i not a
claim for interest; they claim no such thing ,
no such thing has ever been considered by the
Department. We only ask the cons'fu°'1°"
of the statute so that it may have the same
in the
case of'the Smte of Mississippi and the-Stete
of Missouri. This is the claim now, whether
application in our case as was given
*~ .i _ o^t_ ~-T Mioniooinm fl.nn f.r
right or wrong; and is a question for the Sen-
ate to decide. I think it can be demonstrated,
and I think the Senators from these different
States are perfectly capable of demonstrating
to the Senate that this is an honest and just
claim that ought to have been paid before this
time by the Government of the United States
to these different States.
One thing further. It is a strange idea to
me that the Senate of the United States shall
not consider this claim at this time because
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois have about fifty
members in the House of Representatives,
and you must not consider a claim of States
having fifty members. That is a curious argu-
ment in reference to a claim. I presume the
reasoning would be about of this kind: if
Ohio, Illinois, and Indiana had only one
member from each State, you might consider
their claim; but inasmuch as they have fifty
members you must not consider it! This is
strange reasoning, I must confess. If you
want a claim considered before the Congress
of the United States, reduce your representa-
tion ; if you do not, you cannot have it con-
sidered 1 Inasmuch as this question was men-
tioned, by the Senator from New Jersey in
reference to the vote in the House of Repre-
sentatives, it may be well enough to state the
fact that these three States, with about fifty
Representatives, did not by their votes alone
pass the bill. If the Senator will examine he
will find that the bill passed by one hundred
and odd votes as against forty-odd. It has
been considered in the House several different
times, reported on favorably by the Judiciary
Committee, and had a majority vote some two
or three times in the House, and a very large
one. At onetime, I remember, it came within
one vote of having a two-thirds .vote in the
House of Representatives on a motion to sus-
pend the rules to take it up some sessions ago.
Now, it does seem to me it we are to pass this
bill we ought to do it now. The House of
Representatives has passed it.^ That is no
argument in its favor, but it is certainly no
argument against it. If it goes over this session
it has to commence again in one House or the
other and go through both Houses, and it does
seem to me that should be some reason at
least in favor of the Senate considering rt
at this time, so as to save the time that will
otherwise be taken up in another Congress in
considering the bill in both Houses. If it
is defeated here now, that is the end of it; if it
passes, that is the end of it. I hope, there-
fore, that the Senate will at least give this
consideration to these three States.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me ask the Senator
a question before he sits down: knowing as
he does all about this claim, what in his
judgment would be the provable time it
would take to consider it and conclude it here
if we should begin this morning?
Mr. LOGAN. That is a question that I
think no man having an existence on earth
could answer. If gentlemen in the Senate are
as fluent as they usually are, in discussing this
bill, no one can tell how long it will take. If
Senators who have considered it will take up
the bill and vote upon it, I think it will take
but a few minutes. That is my judgment
about it; and inasmuch as I think the Sen-
ators who favor this bill from these three States
do not occupy all the time of the Senate, they
might at least have some consideration ; and
this is the first time I ever heard the probable
duration of discussion interposed as an objec-
tion against a bill.
Mr. TH0RMAN. I shall not occupy five
minutes of the Senate in giving the reasons
why I think this bill should be taken up.
This claim is made by the governments of
these three States. Those governments believe
the claim to be an honest one. That is to be
presumed. It is not to be presumed that the
Legislatures of those States would have passed
resolutions, as they have done, asking Con-
i gress to allow the claim) and that the Execu-
tives of those States would have pressed the
claim as they have, unless those governments
believed it to be an honest claim. It is not
the claim of an individual which he may make
without any regard for right or wrong. It is
a claim preferred by the Legislatures of these
States who have passed resolutions, acting
under their official oaths, and have presented
the claim to Congress.
No, sir, the claim has passed the House of
Representatives. Can any one suppose that
under these circumstances the claim will be
abandoned should we fail to consider it at this
session. No one can believe that. The claim,
therefore, will come up again if we do not act
upon it at this session. The bill has passed
the House of Representatives. All we have
to do is to act upon it. If we fail to act upon
it, undoubtedly the claim will be renewed in
the next Congress. What good, then, is to be
attained by postponing the consideration of
the claim? It has been considered in one
House and has passed there. It has been
considered by your Judiciary Committee here,
and has been elaborately reported upon; and
you never can have a time to consider it better
than this time. I hope, therefore, Mr. Presi-
dent, that in the interest of the business of
Congress you will not compel these claimants
to begin de novo in another Congress when you
have the power here by a vote this very day to
say what shall be the fate of this claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois, to
postpone the Calendar, under the Anthony rule,
for the purpose of taking up what is known as
the two per cent. bill.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes thirty-two.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CARPENTER. I shall vote against
setting the Calendar aside to take up this bill,
and I desire to say why I shall so vote, with-
out going into any argument of the question
to take up the time of the Senate for a moment
beyond the mere statement. As a member of
the Judiciary Committee, I have been over
this whole subject very fully, and, in my
opinion, there is no basis whatever for this
claim. I should therefore be compelled to
vote against the bill, and I could not consent
to proceed to the consideration of such a bill
which must take three or four days in its dis-
cussion, at this period of the session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
suggest that to say that the bill has no merits
is certainly, in the opinion of the Chair, dis-
cussion on the merits.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understood the ques-
tion to be on postponing something.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a motion
to postpone the Calendar and to take up this
bill, and the rule says that on a motion to
take up a bill, it must not be discussed on the
merits.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not appeal from
the decision, Mr. President. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. As the yeas and nays
are ordered, and as it is not a pleasant thing
to vote against so earnest an appeal as that
which has been made by my friend from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logan] and by other Senators, I
beg to occupy only one moment in stating my
reasons for voting against this motion.
The order of business in the Senate is a re-
sponsibility which the Senate can never avoid ;
and that is true with accumulated force at
this stage of the session, and with so many
indispensable bills behind. Now, in order to
vote for this motion, whatever may be the
merits of this claim, it seems to me that one
should be able to see, first, that it is a wise
order of business, a wise order of precedence
to take up this bill at this time; and,second,
which, perhaps, would be a part of that same
right that taking it up is likely to result in a
final disposition of it.
