1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSlOtfAL GLOBE.
m
42d Cong,...3d
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Hawley.
Ho. of Reps.
Now, in logic and in morals, how does that
differ from giving a man a thousand dollars in
cash which he puts in his pocket, after .which
he is sufficiently interested to examine yon
legal questions ?
On page 33 Mr. Ames refers more in detail
to the Washburn investigation. Permit me
to read five or six lines:
" I knew that I had never done anything that I
feared to have investieated. It was alleged that
things had been done before I had any connection
with the road, in connection with obtaining the
original charter, which would not bear investiga-
tion."
That was the rumor and general suspicion.
"About that time C. C. Washburn made a speech
in the House of Representatives, finding fault with
the rates established, and wanting to have them
investigated, charging that they wcro building a
poor road, were trying to cheat the Government,
and were charging a great deal too much in the rates
established.''
These extracts I have read are chiefly from
the testimony given by Mr. Ames during this
session, showing the dangers that threatened
the company, the attacks that were feared
from able, eloquent, and influential men in
Congress, and showing the means of protec-
tion against those attacks. Read on page 36:
"My object was to have associated with us men
of influence and character, who would investigate
and see for themselves." * * * * *
"There was a prejudice against the Union Pacifio
railroad. It was charged that we were a set of scoun-
drels and swindlers, who had committed all kinds of
crimes against the public."
Therefore he desired men in Congress inter-
ested, pecuniarily interested,to "investigate"
and ''protect" his little corporation. But
says Mr. Ames :
" I think a member of Congress has a right to own
property in anything he chooses to invest in,"
We are told that Mr. Ames is no more guilty
than many other people who have not been
discovered. This is quite possible. It is one
of the embarrassments of thiscase. I acknowl-
edge that one of the reasons for the profound
excitement prevailing over this country is the
belief that there are criminals, or if not now,
there have been, about this Hall, criminals
who have not, been discovered. For myself I
am inclined to think that their number is
exaggerated, but there is truth in it some-
where, and I think it is our duty not to hesi-
tate in finding that truth if it be within our
Eower. We will punish them if we find them;
ut if we do not, shall we then let those escape
whom we know to be guilty ?
It is said we must not yield to popular
clamor in this matter, or, as one honorable
gentleman said, to punish any will be to gratify
an " iniquitous demand of the public press for
a victim." Now, this is an appeal which
touches my sympathy. Could these men be
made to appear here as innocent victims,
flying before the howls and blows of an in-
sensate populace, and taking refuge here at
the very fountain of justice, how proudly would
you and I, and all of us, stand as their cham-
pions, their protectors, their defenders against
the mob. The mob! I abhor and defy the
mob, but I respect the people. Do not decide
too soon that it is a popular clamor, merely
the voiee of a hungry and sensational press.
I admit the vigor with which the public
clamor for punishment; I admit that the public
ear is stunned and the public judgment con-
fused by incessant cries, sometimes with little
reason and sometimes with none; but on the
other side, we are constrained by a warm
regard for our associates, and by our affection
and respect for names honored in business and
politics. We must do as best we can between
these conflicting influences.
Superficial and unjust as popular comments
are they represent, sir, a real feeling. The
press of all parties could not have continued
for months to deal out its stinging sarcasms,
and sometimes its extravagant assaults, unless
there had been popular sentiment which de-
manded serious work. The old law of supply
and demand is as true here in this matter of
ethics as in any of the coarser material details
of commerce. The supply meets the demand
in the popular heart.
And this brings me, Mr. Speaker, to another
point upon which I have a word to say. It
may not be thought directly, clearly germane
to the subject, but I hold it to be so. I speak
of the overshadowing, insidious, and tremen-
dous power of great corporations. If I am
entitled to warn anybody, to lift up any voice
of warning here or elsewhere, I beg to warn
my fellow-citizens against this danger to the
official purity and even the existence of the
country. I am proud to have been one of
those who in early years took up arms in the
political field against the great corporation, the
great monopoly, the great aristocracy known
as American slavery. If I do reot mistake the
times we are coming to a conflict with
an enemy as great and more dangerous.
They used to tell us the slaveholders had
$2,000,000,000 in men, women, and children
in that great corporation and dangerous aris-
tocracy. By the end of the year 1873 there
will have been constructed in this country
about seventy-five thousand miles of railroad,
with a capital aggregating $3,000,000,000, and
possibly $4,000,000,000, owned by more peo-
ple, but yet more easily combined than the
capital and influences of slavery. I read in
the papers that one great corporation of this
country, by purchase, lease, and otherwise,
controls over sixteen thousand miles of rail-
road. Three of the great, corporations own or
manage, directly or indirectly, a majority of
the seventy five thousand miles of railroad.
I have heard it, you have heard it, we hear it
every day, that these corporations have bought
Legislature after Legislature by wholesale.
Who has not heard it? I do not say it is true,
but who has not hoard that Senator after Sen-
ator and Representative after Representative
comes to these Halls as the servant, the slave,
the paid attorney of these great powers? I
do not say that I believe it all. If an enemy
of my country should tell me these things I
would challenge him to the proof. I cannot
shut my eyes to these rumors, these stories,
these slanders, if you choose to call them such.
How much of truth is in them the people want
to know. They do not wish to convict you or
any other man before trial. How far Congress
has escaped from the corruption or the influ-
ence of these corporations the people are
anxious to learn.
The people, I say, do not clamor for con-
viction without trial or in violation of the evi-
dence. They ask not so much for a victim as
for truth and justice. Prove that no man has
bought another here, that no man has sold
himself, and you will rejoice the true people,
the great people of this country, the great
heart that throbs with love for the honor and
the name and the flag of this country, and
that would fain believe this Hall to be pure.
But prove that any man is guilty, and we
shall never be excused if we dare to seek ex-
cuses for not saying so. I would sacrifice no
innocent man, but I would punish any guilty
man. The people will not tolerate equivoca-
tion and evasion. If we dare indulge in legal
quibbles and dodges, and let a man escape
purely upon them, we may possibly awaken a
storm that will be no respecter of persons.
The people cannot impeach, they cannot ex-
pel, but they can come here with a fierce,
unappeasable hunger for justice, and clear
these Halls of all of us forever, as the money-
changers were driven from the Temple when
the Sweetest-tempered man that ever lived
horsewhipped them, from its sacred courts.
It is said that a member of Congress has a
right to hold property in anything he chooses
to invest in. So says this man, who, for five
years, has been here, sometimes selling his
stock below its value, and always claiming the
right so to sell it that it might "protect"
him, that it might gain him "influence."
That is the doctrine of the corrupt corpora-
tions j the Congressman has a right to hold
property in anything he chooses to buy. Es-
tablish that, sir, ana you have then only the
converse to establish—indeed you confess it—
that the corporation, the corrupter, the lob-
byist has the right to sell anything that any-
body will buy. Then will the code of legisla-
tive corruption be completed. Nothing more
then is needed to put this body and the whole
of our legislative and executive and judicial
departments under the control of these great
monopolies, and practically surrender to them
the liberties of the people.
I would acquit if it were right; I would
convict if it be right. But I hope, whatever
we may do, whether we expel, or censure, or
discharge any man or all men, the result of
this will prove to the people that Cohgress is
yet above the corporations, above all cor-
rupting influences, supreme master of the sit-
uation, the fountain of justice, pure and un-
approachable.
For many years I have loved some of the
men whose names are involved in this matter.
I loved them before I ever saw them. I have
loved them the more since I have met them.
There are men $mong them whom I do not
believe, and never will believe, capable of
willful corruption, or stained by a shade of dis-
honor of any kind. But I have no friend so
dear, here or elsewhere, that I will not vote
to censure him, that I will not vote to expel
him, if I find that he has for an hour been
tampering with the honor that belongs to an
American legislator. [Applause on the floor
and in the galleries.] I salute the'Chevalier
Bayard, of Delaware, the old-faBhioned legis-
lator, whose old fashions of legislation and
personal honor will yet again rule in these
Halls.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me
one word ?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Certainly.
Mr. COX. I have the honor of my friend
from Connecticut [Mr. Hawley] at stake .as
much as he has himself. It was currently
reported in the newspapers that the gentle-
man from Connecticut, in the campaign last
fall, which led to a disastrous election, in the
presence of the Vice President-elect of the
United States, declared to the people that
there was no ownership of Credit Mobilier
stock by Hon. Henry Wilson. The evidence
shows that Hon. Henry Wilson did own
that stock. I would like to know why my
indignant friend made the statement, and upon
what authority he made it ?
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. Mr.
Speaker, whatever I may think of an apparent
purpose, and whatever I may imagine of a
concealed purpose in the remarks of the gen-
tleman from New York, I throw aside. I will
answer his question squarely. I rose upon
the stage at a meeting in my town, at Hart-
ford, after half an hour's conversation with
the distinguished gentleman to whom refer-
ence has been made, both of us sitting upon
the stage. I, then having my first knowledge
of these matters, rose and addressed the peo-
ple, and declared him to be, to the best of
my belief and knowledge, totally innocent of
any complication whatever, directly or indi-
rectly, in this matter; and, in the full flush
of my indignation, I dared the world to prove
that he was so implicated. If the evidence
since then shows that he was so implicated,
that is not my fault. I told them what I
believed to be the truth.
Mr. COX. That is all right.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I should
add in justice to Senator Wilson that he has
