It6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Ho. of Reps.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Butler.
42d Gong....3d !
testified before the Senate committee in sub-
stance as he" told me at the Hartford meeting,
in these words:
" I say now, under oath, that I never had a dollar
of the stock given me, never owned a dollar of it,
never had a dollar's interest in it."
As to his wife's temporary interest in the
Credit Mobilier, of which I knew nothing, he
has just testified that she did invest in that
stock, with his consent, $2,000 ; that it was
her property, and the benefits would have
been hers if the bargain had not been can-
celed, which was done, no benefit having been
received from it.
I had reached the close of my remarks when
the gentleman proposed his question. I have
only to say that, in accordance with what I
conceive to be my sworn duty, I shall sadly,
but firmly and willingly, vote for the expul-
sion of Oakes Ames, and that I will do what
I think is right with the next resolution, and
whatever may follow it.
Credit Mobilier.
SPEECH OF HON. B. F. BUTLER,
01' massachusetts,
In the House of Representatives,
February 2G, 1873.
The House having under consideration the report
of the sclect committee appointed to investigate the
alleged Credit Mobilier bribery-
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, said:
Mr. Speaker : I confess to the House that I
have never risen to take part in any debate
oppressed with the sense of responsibility un-
der which 1 now address you. 1 have spoken
in many forums; in those where the lives of
men hung wavering in the scale of justice;
but never have I'spoken where I felt that a
precedent was being discussed which must
settle for all time the rule of right of the
Representatives of the people in the House
of Representatives of the Congress of the
United States. It is not that I see before me
my venerable colleague, of three score and
ten, whom I believe to have lived a blame-
less life up to this hour, because 1 might say
for him  ,il that I could say, and feel that
I had done my duty to him; it is not because
the gentleman who is associated with him,
who has heretofore done me some wrong, and
I might be tempted to say an unkind word
against him—if I know myself, I should
wrong my manhood if in this hour of his need
I could do him aught but justice. Neither one
nor all of those considerations embarrass and
depress me, but the fear lest L may say some
word which should not be said, or leave some
word unsaid fitting for this high occasion.
What are we called upon here and now to do ?
After a presidential election which has so far
closed all party issues that during a session of
the House where up to this hour no party
question has divided us, where no party ques-
tion can come up, because the learned com-
mittee have put before us for good or for ill a
man of each party to be voted for or against,
offering up one victim as a sacrifice to the
prejudices of each side of the House, we
are"about to decide a proposition of constitu-
tional law of the highest possible moment as
well to the nation as tbe individual. I fear
that that decision so made here to-day will
stand a precedent for all time, so that if we
err, when bad men shall get power, when
party passion shall take the place of reason, a
justification may be found for action that may
result in detriment to the Republic.
And I am not to be told that this House can
never have a majority of bad men in it. That
has happened before in like assemblies, and may
happen again in this, and personal rights and
liberties of constituted and constituent bodies
be swept away. Nay, I am more afraid of pre-
judice and outside pressure and the various
appliances which sometimes sweep with
whirlwind power over legislative bodies, even
when we have the best men in them. For I
recall what Rawle in his essay on the Constitu-
tion has so forcibly said in reference to the
popular assemblage of Athens, "that if every
Athenian were a Socrates, every Athenian
assemblage would be a mob." Therefore,
sir, I fear that, however wise and however
prudent, we may be led in our detestation of
wrong, under the goading appeals of eloquent
gentlemen, unJer the applause of the galleries,
under the dictation ot the press, to do that
which may be of infinite wrong to the country.
I stand here to-say that we nave no jurisdic-
tion to do what we are now called upon to do.
We have not the right, constitutional or legal,
to expel any member for a crime alleged to
have been committed by him five years ago,
before his election to this House. And it will
be observed that in this position I am supported
by the learned select committee themselves, for
they dare not come before the House upon the
naked proposition of expulsion for what a man
did five years ago, but they allege, to sustain
themselves against this proposition of law, that
the acts done make continuing offense, which
continues down to tins day, and upon, that
ground claim jurisdiction. They could not. get
an agreement among themselves until this law-
yer-like and adroit idea was put forward in their
report: that because old Mr. Ames sold some
stock five years ago to certain members of the
House for a wrong purpose he has been con-
tinuing to sell the same stoclc ever since to the
same men, for the same purpose, and they never
knew the purpose when they purchased it, and
have never known of it since, and that there-
fore the original act and the original bad intent
must have continued in him ever since, so that
the fact for which they propose his expulsion
must be held to continue to-day.
Sir, passing this evasion of the fact, which
I frill not further argue to the intelligence of
the House, I propose, first, to observe upon
the naked proposition that this House has no
jurisdiction to expel in this case. In the
unfortunate "argument," as it is called by the
learned gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Po-
land,] which be says I made, but which the
courtesy of the House denominates a report
from the "so-called Judiciary Committee of
this House," upon which he admits 1 had in-
dorsers—I had eight of them, five more than
my learned, friend has been able to get to in-
dorse his report—in that " unfortunate argu-
ment" of mine I ventured to show and declare
that there was no precedent for the action
here proposed to be found either in this coun-
try or in England. After giving to this ques-
tion all the attention and examination 1 could ;
after examining every report upon the subject;
after spending more time upon it than I have
devoted to anything else since it has arisen, I
now repeat, upon my responsibility as a law-
yer, as a legislator, and as a man, that there
is no precedent in this country or in England
for the procedure that we now witness this
day and this hour of punishing a man for an
offense committed more than three years before
his election, of which he stands unconvicted
by the verdict of any jury or the judgment of
any court. 1 undertake to convince the House
of that proposition, if members will only go
with me in the examination of the authorities,
precedents, and legal principles thereto appli-
cable.
The question is one of jurisdiction, and the
only ground for that jurisdiction rests upon
the phrase of the Constitution—
"EachHouse may punish its members for disor-
derly behavior, and with the concurrence of two
thirds expel a member."
That is a limitation upon the power of the
House; for if those words had not been in-
serted in the text, it would have been compe-
tent for this House as a legislative, body, in
a proper case, to have expelled a member by
a majority vote only. In t.he State of Mass-
achusetts, where we have no constitutional
restriction upon or declaration in favor .of this
power of expulsion, we expel members of the
Legislature, in proper cases, by a majority
vote. Our fathers, with the Wilkes case
before them, and the examples of the tyranny
of the Parliament of England, put into the
Constitution this limitation upon the power
of self-protection from disorders and crimes
which is inherent in every legislative body.
Without these express words of restriction
we might expel a member by a majority vote
only, in any case where we might expel at all.
But when have we the right to expel at all ?
Only when necessary to cut off a member
because of his disorders, crimes, or disgrace,
which are hurtful to the House itself because
of their present danger to the House or its
members while here in the discharge of their
official duties.
Therefore I agree fully with my colleague
[Mr. Banks] who last spoke, that there is a
power of self-protection inherent in everybody,
and especially in every legislative body. lagree
with him precisely that such is aprotective, not
a punitive power,and as such only are we called
upon to exercise it this day.
Sir, this is no new question to me. I dis-
cussed the same question before the supreme
court of Massachusetts in the year 1855, and
I hold the decision of that court in my hands.
The question there was raised whether the
house of representatives of Massachusetts
could expel a member who while in the dis-
charge of his duties as a committee-man of
the house had committed a gross violation of
all decency and all propriety. The question
came up on habeas corpus-, and whoever will
turn to Gray's Reports, volume 3, page 470,
will see that I then made the same argument
upon this question that I make now, except
that I then insisted that in the Massachusetts
constitution our fathers had left out expulsion
altogether. But the supreme court set me
right upon that point in these words, which I
beg leave t.o read from the opinion of Chief
Justice Shnw—clarum zt vemrabile nomen :
" Tlio power of expulsion is a necessary and inci-
dental power to enablothe house toperform its high
functions, and ncucssary to the safety of the State.
It is a power of protection. A meuibermay bo phy-
sically, mentally, or morally wholly unfit. He may
be afflicted with a contagious disease, or insane, or
noisy, violent, and disorderly, orin tbe habit of using
profane, obscene, and abusivo language."
"It is necessary to put extreme cases to
tost a principle." Thus the learned judge has
put that power exactly as we put it in the re-
port from the Judiciary Committee, that this
is a protective, not a punitive power. Yet my
learned colleague [Mr. Banks] chose to de-
nominate the conclusion to which we arrived
as "atrocious." It is a matter of taste, but
I would rather be "atrocious" with Shaw
than right with some others.
I say again, and I cannot be too emphatic
on this question of jurisdiction, that the au-
thorities and precedent are all one way on this
matter. It came up early in our legislative
history, in the second Senate of the United
States in Marshall's case, and I must bring
your attention to this case, because, by inad-
vertence undoubtedly, the learned chairman
of the committee [Mr. Poland] said that the
question of jurisdiction was not the point de-
cided in that case. Now, I maintain, and I
call the attention of the House to the fact,
that such was the exact point raised, and no
other point, with the exception that it had fur-
ther complicated with it the fact that the
respondent in that case consented that the
Senate might investigate his conduct; and the
two questions came up together, first whether
