1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
513
Dawes] now presiding over this Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. HOAR. When was tuat ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In I860. Per-
haps there are some otherB here now who were
here then ; but the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] is, I believe, the only
member of this House who has served con-
tinuously from that time. What we are now
talking of is the expressed will of the Con-
gress of 1863, which has gone forth as the fiat
of the national Legislature. The Supreme
Court has construed that act, and declared
what its purpose was and what it meant. Are
we not bound by that construction ot the court
aa to the purpose of the law? The court says
that the object of that statute was not to pun-
ish disloyal people.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Nor to confiscate
their property.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Nor to confis-
cate their property ; nor was it to reward loyal
people. It was to do two things: first, to
seize and hold forever certain property that
was itself in war against us, if I may use such
an expression; and second, it was to pick up
and save from destruction all property that
had been abandoned and was then lying abont
without an owner.
Those two classes of property—warring prop-
erty to be kept, and abandoned property to be
returned, after the expenses of saving and
keeping it were paid—were recognized in the
law; and the court of last resort has decided
that when the claimants show to the satisfac-
tion of the court that a particular piece of
private property was not warring property,
was not being used in hostility to the Govern-
ment, it shall be returned. I now ask for a vote.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to it the following:
And provided further. That the privileges of the
Conrt of Claims conferred upon the owners of such
captured and abandoned property by the third sec-
tion of the said act be extended to the 1st of January,
1874.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I raise a point
of order on that amendment, that it is inde-
pendent legislation and changes existing law.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is germane to the
amendment now pending.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It manifestly
changes existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then, for the purpose of
submitting a few remarks on this question, I
move to amend the pending amendment by
striking out the last word. The proposition of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Smith]
was submitted to me privately at my desk by
the mover, and I suggested to him that if he
would add to it the proviso just read I would
support the amendment. The effect of my
proposition would be to give the advantages
of the law, whatever they may be, to a class
of persons who are equally meritorious with
those who are now benefited by the law. By
the terms of the law the owner must apply to
the Court of Claims within two years after the
suppression of the rebellion. Every gentleman
must know that many claimants, whose claims
in the estimation of everybody here are honest,
just, and rightful, have been cut off from the
advantage of the law, by reason oftentimes of
their great poverty, by which they were abso-
lutely disabled from presenting their claims,
oftentimes by their ignorance, living as they
did in a part of the country where they knew
nothing of the organization of this Court of
Claims or of yonr statutes with reference to its
jurisdiction, or again by the impression that
the close of the rebellion mast technically date
from the surrender at Appomattox Court-
House. In this way many have been denied the
benefit of this law. Many an honest and just
claimant who was the friend of your Govern-
ment and helped to sustain it duringthe war, but
whose propertyin one way or another was taken
possession of, by reason perhaps of its voluntary
42d Coxgl. 3d Sess.—No. 33.
abandonment when he entered your Army, or
its forced abandonment because he could not
stay at home, is cutoff by the existing provision
of law. My amendment would give to this class
of persons the advantage of the law; and if I
could have accomplished that, I was willing to
go with the gentleman from New York and let
the decisions of the Court of Claims come into
this House for consideration by Congress, as
all judgments of that court formerly did under
the original organization of that court. In
connection with this matter, to show that great
numbers of meritorious and just claimants to
this trust fund have been cut off by the pro-
visions of the existing law, without any default
or any justly imputed neglect upon their part,
I beg to submit the following statement:
By the law of March 12,1863, (vol. xii, Statutes-at-
Large, section threo, p. 820, &c.,) suitcould be brought
by owner for proceeds "at any time within two
years after the suppression of the rebellion."
This limitation expired 20th August, 1868, there-
fore no Suits could be brought thereafter, and none
have been. After tho statute of limitation com-
menced to run, an abstract of all cases pcnding,in the
Court of Claims shows as follows:
Suits were pending for—
22,849 bales cotton from New Orleans, average value
in Treasury $2,779,809 34
23,616 bales from Mississippi, Arkansas,
Tennessee, and northern Geor-
gia  5,092,953 40
37,346 bales Savannah upland Georgia... 6,457,874 18
851 bales sea island  197,253 29
3,417 bales Charleston, S. C., upland.... 460,539 30
468 bales Charleston, S. C., sea island 83,528 64
30,173 bales Mobile, Alabama  493,877 45
849 bales North Carolina  71,952 75
119,569 bales, worth $15,637,788 35
It will be seen that if every dollar sued for was
recovered under judgment the case would stand as
follows:
Amount of proceeds of sales of captured and aban-
doned property in Treasury #26,092,460 96
Total amount of all suits pending when
limitation commenced to run 15,727,788 35
Leaving in the Treasury a balance of...$10,364,672 61
upon which no claim can be made as the law and the
decision of the courts thereunder now stand.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. The original
law allowed the presentation of claims within
two years after the close of the war. By
presidential proclamation the war closed in
August, 1866, hence claims were presented
down to August, 1868.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is all true; but it
does not alter the facts as I have stated
them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that debate on this paragraph
be closed in ten minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. MERRIAM. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to it the following:
That any and all acts giving jurisdiction to the
Court of Claims over captured and abandoned prop-
erty conferred by section three of the act entitled
"An act to provide for the collection of abandoned
property and for the prevention of frauds in insur-
rectionary districts within the United States,"
approved November 12,1863, be, and the same are
hereby, repealed.
Mr. SARGENT. I raise the point of order
that this amendment changes existing law, and
is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. SMITH, of New Yor£. I rise to a
question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The question of order
has already been raised and sustained by the
Chair. The Chair now recognizes the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Merriam].
Mr. MERRIAM. Mr. Chairman, this has
been a very interesting and I trust very profit-
able debate. If there is any one question in
which the American people have direct per-
sonal interest it is that we shall stand like a
wall of fire around about the walls of the Treas-
ury, in order that no payment of the public |
moneys shall be made to disloyal parties. It
seems to me to be the fact that claims have
been allowed by the Conrt of Claims to dis-
loyal parties, and that payments have been
made under them. If they are sustained by
the higher court I see no way by which the
people of the country can have the opportun-
ity by their direct representatives to examine
directly into these claims. I believe by allow-
ing this matter to come back to the House of
Representatives, in order that we may finally
act on them, all this difficulty will be prevented,
and I therefore hope the amendment of my
colleague will be adopted.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Chairman, I have
no desire to participate at length in this
debate, but from what has been said I deem it
my duty to say now that when the Congress of
the United States passed the act of 1863 it
was no part of the intent of the statute or of
the action of Congress to commit the Gov-
ernment to any such suggestion as is here
made, that the Government of the United
States was ever to undertake to pay for prop-
erty destroyed by the general ravages of war.
The words of the act exclude all such con-
clusion. It was limited on its face to loyal
citizens ; and every gentleman knows that the
legal effect of that enactment until it should
be repealed was intended by every member
of Congress who voted for it. I hold that it is
the first duty of the representatives of the
people, as the possessors of the law-making
power, to abide by the force and effect of
their own legislation until they repeal it, and
therefore I stand by the suggestion made by
my colleague, for that really is the effect of it,
when he suggested this amendment, it did not
reach the question. Surely, sir, if there be
rights under the shelter of the law and under
the sanetion of the Constitution, no man has
the right to trifle with them so long as that
law stands, and the only remedy, therefore,
is to repeal the law. That cannot be done in
an appropriation act; for when it comes to be
done it will be well enough to consider whether
you will not do injustice to some of those who
have a right to be heard, whether a repeal of
the remedy would not unjustly affect the rights
of those who are as guiltless of any disloyalty
to the country as any man on this floor.
In view of the whole matter it strikes me an
attempt to repeal the Court of Claims by re-
pealing its judgments or reviewing them here
under the circumstances does not become the
representatives of the people. I have opposed
legislation of this sort before on other subjects
when the attempt was made to prevent the
execution of judgments of the conrt by refus-
ing to carry them out.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania. I should
like to ask the gentleman from Ohio a ques-
tion, and that is what effect the repeal of the
present law would have on the judgment of
the Court of" Claims already pronounced ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I am not going to discuss
that question now. I have only to say that
the effect of the amendment as it stands will
be to submit to the House for final judgment
every decision of the Court of Claims under
the act of 1863, no matter whom it affects.
I am not prepared to say there is anything to
justify any such legislation. On the contrary
I am constrained to say I am opposed to any
such legislation touching the judgments of the
Court of Claims.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MACINTYRE addressed the House in
remarks which will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. HALE rose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understand
the time for debate is closed.
The CHAIRMAN. When the gentleman
asked that by unanimous consent debate on
the pending paragraph should be closed in ten
minutes, objection was made.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now ask that
by unanimous consent debate be closed after
the speech of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Hale.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let it be closed
after fifteen minutes.
