1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
177
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Butler.
Ho. oi Reps.
the Senate had constitutional jurisdiction to
expel a member for a crime committed before
he was a Senator, and of which he had not been
convicted; and if it had not, can the member
give that jurisdiction by giving consent ?
This was no case done in a corner—this
case of Humphrey Marshall, of Kentucky.
He was accused by the Legislature of his State,
who sent to the Senate of the United States
a solemn memorial signed by the Governor
asking he be expelled for having committed
perjury eighteen months before he was elected ;
and the question was, has the Senate of the
United States jurdisdiction ? Their committee
made a report, in which they said they had no
jurisdiction, as follows:
"On motion, itwas agreed to amend the last clause
of the report to read as follows
_ Now mark this, because here is the ques-
tion—the question of jurisdiction—
"And they are also of opinion, as the Constitution
does not give jurisdiction to the Senate, the consent
of the party cannot give it, and therefore the said
memorial ought to be dismissed."
As the Constitution does notgive jurisdiction
to the Senate the consent of the party cannot
give it, and therefore it ought to be dismissed.
On the motion to expunge this clause as
amended, the vote passed in the negative—
yeas 7, nays 16 ; and that, too, by the very men
who made the Constitution, to whom the Con-
stitution was as familiar as the Credit Mobilier
is to the learned chairman. [Laughter.]
They were men whc knew what they were
doing, what was their jurisdiction, and what
the Constitution meant; what rights it was
intended to guarantee, and who was to be pro-
tected by it; and they give the reason, for want
of jurisdiction. They held that in a case of
this kind "no person can be held to answer
for an infamous crime unless on presentment
and indictment by a grand jury and trial by
an impartial jury in the State and district
where the crime shall have been committed ;
that until he is regularly convicted the princi-
ples of the Constitution and of the common
law concur in presuming him to be innocent."
On inotion to expunge this declaration of
principle it passed in the negative by more
than two to one. The report embodying both
of these doctrines on this subject was adopted
after full discussion, as we find, by a vote
of 16 to 7.
Marshall had committed perjury, as the
Legislature of his State alleged, before he was
elected. He was by a memorial of his State
indicted before the Senate for'that crime. The
Senate considered whether it had jurisdiction
to try and punish him for such crime, and by
a vote of 16 to 7 it said, three times over,
they had no jurisdiction.
Shall I now be told, as we were by the
learned chairman, upon this showing, that this
point has never been decided ? No other thing
was decided in this case. And let me say here,
from that hour to the hour I stand here there
has been no legislative body in the country
which has ever overruled that decision of want
of jurisdiction, nor has any case been nor can
there be one cited to tltat effect or purport.
The next case where the matter of expulsion
came up was that of John Smith, upon which
the learned report of Mr. Adams was made,
in reference to which the learned chairman
states:
" The case of Smith was that of a Senator who,
after his election, but not during a session of the
Senate, had been involved in the treasonable con-
spiracy of Aaron Burr."
That Senator was elected, and committed the
crime of treason during the term for which
he was elected; and when Mr. Adams was
making his report, he was making a report on
a case that was before him of a crime com-
mitted after he was elected, and no other case.
He uses these words:
"But when a man, whom his fellow-citizens have
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 12.
honored with their confidence on a pledge of a spot-
less reputation, has degraded himself by the com-
mission of infamous crimes, which become suddenly
and unexpectedly revealed to the world, defective
indeed would bo that institution which should be
impotent to disoard from its bosom the contagion
of such a member."
He was treating a case before him where the
crime had been committeed since the election;
where the contagion had broken out after elec-
tion and was then raging; not one where the
man had the contagion before his election, has
got the better of it, and had been cured by an
election.
Therefore I again stand here to challenge,
aj3 I did on Monday last, after such investiga-
tion as I could give—to challenge the learning
of the House, nay, to challenge the learniug
of the country, to show me a case wherein a
different doctrine as applicable to the facts at
bar is sustained; and 1 am glad to meet the
very miserable failure to answer that chal-
lenge, in the matter of precedents, made by
my much respected friend the chairman of the
committee. He brought in here yesterday
two cases, all he could find in the parliament-
ary history of England which would even appear
to sustain him. I challenged him again to
show me a case in English history ; and after
all the research he could give—and I certainly
think you will agree he was sufficiently stirred
up by the report of the Judiciary Committee
to do the best he could—in that behalf, I say,
after the best research he could give to this
subject, let him produce a case in point. He
has produced two cases, one in 1726 and the
other in 1785. My friend, through inadvert-
ence undoubtedly, said they were both subse-
quent to the Wilkes case, determined finally
in 1782.
Pray go with me while I examine his author-
ities to prove that the English Parliament or
other legislative bodies expel members for
crimes of which they are unconvicted, done
before their election.
In 1726 John Ward was expelled because he
had been convicted of forgery. He was first
expelled from the house and then he stood in
the pillory on the 17th of March, 1726. And
the point was that the said John Ward—
"Hath this present Easter term been oonvicted of
thecrime of forgery."
And the house resolved nem con :
""That the said John Ward, esq., be expelled this
house."
Now let us see what would have happened
to John Ward if he had stayed in the house.
This will show the reason why'he was expelled.
By the statute of Elizabeth—I read from
Hale's Pleas of the Crown—a man upon con-
viction of forgery—
" Shall pay the party grieved his double costs and
damages, to be set up in the pillory, both his ears
cutoff, and also his nost"-'Is slit and seared with a
hot iron; be imprisoned du, ing life, and forfeit the
profits of his lands during life."
Is there any wonder that the House of
Commons, that conviction being produced as
effected in that very session, expelled him,
so that he might not come in with a slit nose
and his ears cut o(f ? [Laughter.] And that
is the best my learned friend could do on the
final trial to find an English case to sustain his
position.s
Let us try the other case, and the only other
one cited by him. That is, the case of Chris-
topher Atkinson. Mr. Atkinson was a man
against whom Sir Thomas Davenport rose,
holding in his hands a motion to call for a
"copy of the record of the proceedings upon
the indictment in the Court of King's Bench
against Christopher Atkinson, esq.," at that
very term. He said:
"He would forbear entering upon the wholeofthe
case till the papers called for were properly before
the house; he would only say that, exclusive of the
enormity of the crime of which the party indicted
had been convicted, the consequenoes of the indict-
ment had been so extromely disgraceful to the per-
son convicted that he did not doubt there was'not a
gentleman present who would not be of opinion
that the person alluded to ought no longer to be
allowed to sit among them."
This action was taken "because of the con-
sequences of the indictment." Now what
were the " consequences of the indictment 1"
One consequence was that the accused had
run away and fled the country, and would not
respond to the house to appear and answer.
The attorney general arose in hia place and—
" Stated to the house the whole business, and com-
mented very freely as he went through the facts on
what he thought beoome Mr. Atkinson, and what
not. The charge against him was ably drawn and
well supported. He had virtually confirmed tho
suspicions that settled on his condutft by having left
the oountry; and surely Parliament was not to har-
bor in its bosom those who had first flown in its
face, and then evadod its authority."
Atkinson would not appear upon being sum-
moned. He put at defiance the jurisdiction of
the house. I have no doubt of the right of the
House to expel a member that will not take
his place in the House when he is sent for by
the House, and if he left the country to avoid
the summons of'the House I would vote to
expel him, although he might be as honest a
man as my colleague, Oakes Ames, as described
by my colleague, [Mr. Banks,] § man so truth-
ful that to save himself he would not tell a lie,
when the committee now say if he would only
lie he would be safe. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I have dealt with the only author-
ities that have been produced against me.
And what must be the case which depends
upon authorities ef this sort? What must be
the stress of weather in his case where a •
learned committee is driven to precedents of
this sort to justify their report as well as to
lay an act of supposed bribery of five years,
with a contiiwando, against a mau who, the
report alleges, bought with his money five
years ago a large number of votes of members
of Congress, insisting at the same time that the
men who received the money and who have
kept it since, had no bad intent which could
be continued in them at all.
But I do not step here, sir, in following this
matter of authority. I have shown you, and
it has not been denied by either of the learned
gentlemen on this committee who have spo
ken here, that there is no precedent in this
country opposed to the law for which I oon-
tend.
It is admitted there was none in the Parlia-
ment of Great Britain save those cited. Wilkes's
case was no exception to the rule contended
for by me, as you will see. We were told by
my learned colleague that Wilkes would have
been saved if he would have made a bargain
with the Duke of Grafton. He refused to sell
out and an obsequious House of Commons
expelled him, and then when the people re-
elected him they expelled him again. And
even here the acts complained of were dune
by him during the same Parliament. But that
record was afterward expunged as subversive
of the liberties of the whole people of England.
So it will be here. In my judgment I shall
live to see the day, or if I do not my boy will
live to see our record of to-day expunged here
if we ever make such a judgment subversive
of the liberties of the people.
What is the doctrine contended for ? It is
that the House has unlimited power and legal
right of expulsion at its caprice or discretion
for any or no cause, as two thirds of its
members may arbitrarily determine; a doctrine
upon which I will not waste words of charao-
terization. Our copious language has too few
of them to enable me to do justice to the sub-
ject.
Failing in any precedent, learned gentle-
men content themselves with illustrations of
its possible exercise to sustain this claim of
unheard-of and, thank God, hitherto unexer-
cised power. Some of them demonstrate the
unconstitutionality and others the futility of
