514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
*/ '
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I move
that the committee rise for tho purpose of
moving in the House to close debate.
The motion that the committee rise was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the Mate of the Union, had according to order,
had under consideration the special order,
being the bill (H. li. No. 2091) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1874, and for other pur-
poses, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
for the consideration of the special order. And
pending that motion, I move that all debate
on the pending paragraph be closed in fifteen
minutes.
The motion to limit debate was agreed to.
The motion that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2991) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1874,
and for other purposes.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Smith] by adding thereto the following :
And in any judgment of said court, under tbe act
of March 12,1863, tbe court shall find the amount
due on any case beard by them, where the judgment
is in favor of the claimant, and shall also decide
-whether or not said claimant hag proved that he
rendered no aid or comfort to the rebellion, and at
the beginning of each session of Congress the clerks
of said court shall certify to Congress a record of all
caees passed upon in the preceding year by said
court, and the decision of said court thereupon,
including tbe decision as to the loyaltv of the
claimant.
Mr. SARGENT. I make the poiut of
order on that amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I will accept
the amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman cannot
do that if the amendment is out of order. I
raise the point of order that the amendment
proposes to change existing law.
Mr. HALE. Allow me to suggest that my
amendment is germane to the amendment of
the gentleman from New York, and that that
is now the only question for the Chair to de-
cide. Whether or not it is independent legis-
lation, it is directly in the line of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, and
is accepted by him.
Mr. SARGENT. His acceptance of it does
not change the rule of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that any qualification of the amendment under
the circumstances, although of itself inde-
pendent legislation, would be germane to this
amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. I deny that it is germane.
It introduces new elements not embraced in
the original proposition.
Mr. MAYNARD. I think the Chair is
clearly right, and I hope he will now reconsider
the decision he made in the case of the amend-
ment which I offered a few moments since.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. In the opinion of the Chair
the amendment to the amendment is not in
order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman,
whatever may done with reference to this mat-
ter, I hope that no provision will be adopted
requiring Congress to pass upon the decisions
of the Court of Claims. I well recollect that
when I first came to Congress that was one of
the duties of this House. The judgments of
the Court of Claims were reported to the
House, they were placed upon the Calendar,
and it was a part of the business of the House
to sit as a court of appeals on the correctness
or incorrectness of those judgments. I can
assure the House that it was a labor requiring
more attention and better attention than auy
House of Representatives is able to give; it
was certainly a great relief when the Court of
Claims was no longer required to send its
judgments here for us to pass upon them ; it
was not only a relief, but, in my judgment, we
get under that system better decisions as well
as more promptness in the disposition of cases.
You cannot in a House of Representatives
composed of three hundred men from all parts
of the country correct those judgments. The
Court of Claims gives its undivided attention
to these cases ; it has nothing else to do ; it
was organized for that purpose; it is composed
of lawyers and men of judgment and experi-
ence. The idea of presenting its decisions to
the House of Representatives for it to pass
npon them is like appealing from the Supreme
Court to a town meeting, or, as a friend near
me suggests, like appealing from Philip sober
to Philip drunk.
A word or two now in regard to the real
point involved in this controversy. Very little
has been said in this debate with reference to
the justice or injustice of still keeping up this
bar against a man's recovery of his rightful
property, to wit, his participation in the rebel-
lion. It is said that even under the decision
of the Supreme Court, even where pardon and
amnesty have been granted to a man, thus
making his record clean and blotting out his
transgressions, we ought not to return to him
property captured by the Government. Why,
sir, we had our confiscation laws, but they
required that a man should be prosecuted to
judgment and should have some opportunity
of making his defense. But the result of this
amendment would be to confiscate the prop-
erty of an individual without proof, without
judgment, and to throw upon him the entire
onus to prove that he was loyal. You were
not able even to execute your confiscation
laws. And now, eight years after the war is
over, and when amnesty has been granted to
almost everybody, shall we turn back and go
further than we ever did before in requiring
proof of loyalty from perhaps some poor
unlucky wight who bowed to the storm that
was rushing over his State, and went with
that State into the rebellion, and compel him
to prove his loyalty? Shall we go back, I say,
to the property that we sequestered in the
manner in which the Government did seques-
ter this property, and shall we not return it
to its original owners?
Sir, a great many people in the South were
no more responsible lor the rebellion than were
many in the North. I know members of this
House to-day who, before God, were as respon-
sible for that rebellion as were many of the
leading spirits of the South ; and if they had
been in the South at the time they would have
been leading spirits of the rebellion. We see
men every day here surrendering their judg-
ment on important questions to the dictation
of party; we see men bowing to the fiat of a
caucus and surrendering their individual judg-
ment. Cannot we possibly forgive the unlucky
wight who surrendered to the storm of rebel-
lion that swept over his State?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I desire to
make two or three corrections of statements
by gentlemen here, not to make a speech.
Mr. SAIIGENT. If the gentleman corrects
statements that have been made by me and
others, of course we must be allowed to reply.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House,
all debate upon the pending paragraph must
terminate at fifteen minutes past three o'clock.
The gentleman from New York will be recog-
nized, but not if any other gentleman desires
to speak who has not already spoken.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I desire to cor-
rect the gentleman Iroin California [Mr. Sar-
gent] when he says that this amendment is
designed to include claimants for property
seized after June 80, 1805. By the express
terms of the amendment those claims are ex-
cluded. I understand that cotton seized after
June 30, 18G5, was seized in violation of an
order of the Treasury Department. Claims
for such property are now adjusted, not by the
Court of Claims, but by the Secretary of the
Treasury. By the amendment which I have
offered all such claims are explicitly excluded
from its operation.
I desire also to correct a statement of my
friend from Ohio, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, [Mr. Garfield,]
with regard to the decision of the Supreme
Court in the Klein case. He says that de-
cision was unanimous upon the main question
involved. I desire to say to him that Justice
Miller and Justice Bradley dissented, and dis-
sented explicitly upon the main ground in tho
case.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not upon the
Drake amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Not upon tbe
Drake amendment, which held that a pardon
should be prima facie evidence of guilt, but
upon the main question in the case, that the
proceeds of this property was held in trust by
the Government for the owners. They held,
and it seems to me that that position com-
mends itself in the first instance to the judg-
ment of every lawyer, that when property
which was lawful prize of war was seized by
the Government, and the Government pro-
vided that loyal claimants might sue and re-
cover the proceeds of their property so seized,
and that the balance of it was confiscated, the
Government did not stand to such claimants
in the attitude of trustees.
I want to say one other word to my distin-
guished friend from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
I remember that when the case of Thomas B.
Wallace was before this House, whose house,
standing adjacent to the United States fort
at Lexington, Missouri, was destroyed, the
distinguished gentleman who is chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations sat up with
us during the live-long night, in order to
prevent its passage. If I recollect tbe lan-
guage of the other gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Shellabarger,] it was this: 11 Perhaps these
claims are just; but the Treasury is not now
in a condition to pay them." I submit to that
gentleman, and to every gentleman who
sympathized with him in that position, that
until we can pay men of undoubted loyalty,
whose claims we know to be just, we should
not be swift to pay the claims of men where
we know they are not just.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. While the gen-
tleman from New York is correcting the state-
ment of others, I would suggest that there may
be some of his own that may need correction.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I have en-
deavored to correct those which I knew to
be incorrect.
Mr. SARGENT. After the speech of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Smith,] who
has addressed the House with such an air of
authority, I desire to refer to a single remark
which he made before and has now reiterated,
but which I think has no force, that there
are certain claims of loyal persons which we
refuse to pay ; that we ought to give them the
preference, and that these cotton claims ought
to be postponed until those loyal claimants
are paid. I said before and say again, that
under the decision of the Supreme Court this
money has heretofore been treated by Con-
gress as a special fund in our hands belonging
to those who owned the cotton. What is the
character of the other cases to which the gen-
tleman refers? Take the case of Mr. Wal-
lace, of Missouri, to which the gentleman has
referred. In that case the question is one
