14T8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
particular occasion, and therefore I will leave
the, threatening of my friend from Ohio to take
care of itself... .
Mr. SHERMAN,. My friend will allow .me
to. rgmark that I certainly did not say anything
about ;the Senator being afraid, We know he
is very biave. .: Nor did Isay anything about
small States as against great States. I made
no such, allusion, .and my friend ouglit not to
bring j,t;in?
, Mr. EDMUNDS. Why, Mr, President, the
language of the honorable Senator from Ohio
was that here were three States—I do not
know that he said great ones, but embracing a
large portion of the people of the United
States——!
., Mr. SHERMAN. That I did say.
_Mj- EDMUNDS. One fifth of the people
of th$ United States, who demanded that there
should be no standing on a technicality; and
that they must have their rights, and haye
them, now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did npt say that at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. .Perhaps as none of us
are very much frightened by this.display, it ia
not very m^rial.' Now let us see what this
JpdiciaryCommittee that is sq severely criti-
cised has done. I am bound to-st^nd up for
the honor of it, and especially ,bound to stand
up for the hoppr of it now that my honorable
friend from Illinois, who was its chairman, and
for whom I have the sincerest respect, is not
now its cb&jrmfin, -to stand up technically for
its honor. When the bill to which the Senator
has referred as being delayed in committee,
was sent to that committee, a Senator from
onepf these gr.eat States was its chairman, and
he had the control of the business of that com-
mittee, in the way in which we ordinarily use
that term, of its processes and order of busi-
ness, as we. all understand. That Senator—if
I .am. not violating propriety, and if I. am I
shftll be excised for it—did his honorable duty
about it, and he sent it to be considered to two
members of that committee, one of whom was
the honorable Senator from Ohio who sits
farthest from me, [Mr.THURMAN,] who I believe
through his constituents had a slight interest
in that question also; and the honorable Sen-
ator from New Jersey [Mr. Fkeunghuysen]
was the other Senator, who has already ex-
plained that this report was prepared by him
upon the Senate bill coming to us in the last
session.
Why did it happen that the Judiciary Com-
mittee did aot report at the last session upon
this bill for which we are now so much assailed ?
Let the honorable Senator ask his colleague;
let the honorable Senator ask my friend
from Illinois, if any Senator upon that com-
mittee undertook to-, interpose ,any delay to
its consideration; and if there be fault-, es
I do not think there is, the fault does not'
lie with any Senator other than that Senator
from some State that had an interest in the
question. It does not come, therefore, with a
very good grace, according to my apprehen-
sion, from the Senator from Ohio who sits
nearest me [Mr. Sherman] to assail the Judic-
iary Committee for having failed to report on
the Senate bill-at the proper time, and in the
proper way. If there be a fault, as I do not
by any means.say there is, it is not the fault of
any Senator from any State not interested in
this question except as a tax- paying State. So
much for that.
I hope my friend from Ohio will see the-
force of what I have said. If I am wrong, his
honorable colleague and my friend from
Illinois can correct me. I stand up for the
honor of the committee as having endeavored
with fidelity to perform its duty s.t the last
session; and if we failed to report at the last
session it was not tbe fault of ,iay friend from
Illinois, it was not the fault of my friend from
New Jersey; I do not think it was- the fault
°r does not lie in the mouth
of the Senator from Ohio to assail that com-
mittee for not having reported.
Now, we come to it, and as the Senator
from Ohio says we can go on with this bill, I
do not object to going on with it. The Sen-
ate has said so. I bow. The Senate has said
so, as the honorable Senator perfectly, well
knows, in defiance of the principle of the
responsible majority of this body .to. get on
with the appropriation bills. TJhat the honor-
able Senator knows perfectly well. The Sen-
ate having said so in defiance of the desire
and the understanding that we would get on
with the appropriation- "bills because the hon-
orable Senator had the power, do not let him
complain because it happens that other peo
pie have power for this day, as well as him-
self.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the objec-
tion to taking up this bill was the want of time.
A majority of the Senate, however, decided to
take it up. Now, if this bill shall be thrown
over till to-morrow and another day; consumed
the responsibility will not rest with the friends
of the bill. And now that a majority of the
Senate have decided to take up this bill, the
enemies of it ought to be content to go to the
Senate upon its merits. If there is a good
defense to this bill let them make it, and not
seek to avail themselves of a technical defense
to postpone the consideration of it until to-
morrow. It is now in a position, especially
when viewed with regard to the short period
of the session remaining, where a technical
objection cannot be said to be legitimate. The
Senate ought to go to the consideration of the
bill upon its merits. I am in favor of going
on with the Senate bill. If we can get a vote
to-day let us take it, and if we can pass the
bill I believe the House will pass it; there is
an overwelming majority there for it. But if
it is thrown over until to-morrow, then this mo-
tion will be in order, and we can take up the
House bill and if we have a majority pass it,
and that is the end of it. I am, therefore, in
favor of going on with the bill.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I wish to
understand whether my motion, to discbarge
the committee from the consideration of the
House bill, was received. I understood it to
be received, but its consideration to-day to be
objected to.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not so under-
stand it.
Mr. THURMAN. I so understood it; but I
wish to know how the fact is.
The VICE PEBSIDENT. It is not entered
by the Secretary upon the Journal.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well. Of course I
suppose it will not be in order to make a
motion while this bill is now up ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Except by lay-
ing the bill on the table.
Mr. THURMAN. That I do not propose
to do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
did not enter the motion, understanding the
objection of the Senatorfrom Vermont to cover
the whole case.
Mr.THURMAN. I shall make that motion
if somebody else does not.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to interrupt
the Senator.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CARPENTER. If he desires to lay
this bill on the table we will help him to do it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. It was not necessary for
the Senator from Wisconsin to interrupt me to
say that. It was not at all necessary for him
to take up time with any such interruption.
Mr. President, I wish to say a word upon a
subject that has been mooted here, and about
which we have had something of the history
of the working of the Judiciary Committee.
I do not complain of the working of that Com*
mittee or its doings being spoken of here,
though it is not usual to do it; but this I have
to say: that I concur with the Senator from
Vermont in his statement that nobody was to
blame for the fact that the bill referred to that
committee at the last session was not reported
at that session.
That bill, as stated, was referred to a sub-
committee, because it required an investigation
into numerous statutes of the United States
and into some of the decisions of the Depart-
ments. That bill, therefore, was referred to
a sub-com mittee, to make the investigation
and report to the committee. The Senator
from New Jersey. [Mr. Freunghxjysen] and
myself were that sub-committee. As soou as
we could we entered upon the discharge of
our duty, the investigation of the question;
and we arrived at opposite conclusions, he to
one conclusion and I to another; and in that
state of things, being unable to agree upon
what tfas the law of the case, the committee
Were unable to take it up and consider it and
report upon it at the last session. There was
no fault to be attached to anybody for that.
Well, sir, that bill being still before the
Senate committee, and the Senator from New
Jersey having carefully made up his mind, wrote
out a report upon that bill, to be submitted to
the committee, and, if adopted by a majority
of the'committee, to be the report of the com-
mittee ; if not adopted by the majority, then
to be the views of the minority. That was
all very right and proper ; and it is owing to
that fact that that report was written, when
there was nothing before the committee but
the Senate bill, that it happened to come m
at this session as a report upon the Senate bill,
without taking any notice of the House bill.
On the 19th of December, at this session,
the House passed a bill in identically the words
of the Senate bill; and that bill was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and it was
not until the 5th of this month that a report
was made by that Committee. I do not say
there was any unnecessary delay in that. I do
not say that the committee was to blame for
that; I do not think it was to blame at all. I
know very well how much work it had to do,
and I believe that as soon as it could get time
to fairly and fully consider this bill it did so.
But it reported on the 5th day of this month
theSenate bill, and at that time this House bill
was before the committee, and had been before
it for six weeks, and ought to have been re-
ported at the same time that the Senate bill
was reported, and the Senate ought to have
had the opportunity to pass either one of the
bills it pleased. They being identical in terms,
the report upon one applied equally to the
other, and nothing but an oversight, I am sure,
caused this report to be made upon the Senate
bill alone and not upon the House bill. I sup-
posed that the report was upon the House bill;
until this very morning I supposed so. I had
no idea that the Senate bill was reported upon
and the House bill left in committee.
Now, sir, what I complain of is that the
chairman of the committee should take ad-
vantage of a mere oversight of the committee
in not reporting the bill to delay the CDnsid-
eration of the House bill until to-morrow.
That is what I complain of. I do not com-
plain of any delay of the Judiciary Committee
at all; I do not think there has been any
blamable delay on the part of that committee
either at the last sessiou or at this ; but I do
complain of taking advantage of an omission
of that committee to discbarge its duty to the
Senate, accidental though it was, in order to
interpose an objection to the consideration of
the House bill. But, sir, the Senator has the
right to do it, and I cannot help it. I shall,
therefore, concur with the Senator from
Illinois and the Senator from Indiana ingoing
on to consider the Senate bill, if we cannot
have the other bill up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, when the
effort was made to take up this bill, 1 confess
I did not know it to be the Senate bill rather
than the House bill, because the Senator from
Ohio will bear me witness, and the other Sen-
ators from the States interested will bear me
witness, that we used all possible diligence at
