180
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Ho. of Reps.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Butler.
4'2t> Cong....3d Sess.
concealment whatever on his part. On the
contrary, he modestly claimed and received
praise without stint or measure for his enter-
prise and public spirit. He was then the pros-
perous business man with whom everybody
was glad to be associated, and in whose spec-
ulations all who could get wanted a share.
His financial judgment was trusted and con-
fided in. His advice was asked and followed
in investment, and none thought of wrong ;
in him there was no guile.
Very well, sir, he comes here using no de-
ceit about his connection in this matter. And
what does he do ? He had embarked his all
in this great enterprise and it had ruined him.
He became bankrupt.. Why did he become
bankrupt? Because afterward the Govern-
ment struck at his road through one of its De-
partments. The very proposition of the
Secretary of the Treasury to take the whole
earnings of the road to pay the interest on the
bonds ruined the stock and brought it down
from forty dollars to eleven per share, and
Oakes Ames was a ruined man, and his cred-
itors had to extend his paper for four years.
He foresaw that this might happen. He had
business capacity, and he forecast the future.
He foresaw that some man who might wish to
have a rival road, or that some Congressman
from some fancied slight or personal pique,
might get up here, and if there was nobody to
look after the interests of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, which Ames believed to
be the interest of the Government as well, by
putting through a resolution that nobody knew
anything about and nobody cared anything
about, nobody looking into it in any form,
might thereby rum him and the great enter-
prise which was to him as dear as his life, and
which he looked upon as a part of the Gov-
ernment itself. What did he do ? He agreed
with his associates that he would give to cer-
tain gentlemen, ihen in Congress and out of it,
who bad power mid intelligence, by purchase,
au interest in this stock. "I," said he, in
the truthful, simple language of the old black-
smith, " I find I know enough of Congress to
know that it is ve ry difficult to get men to attend
to something that they do not know anything
about. Now, I will give a man a chance to
buy some of this stock, and then he will be
watchful to see that no wrong is done to the
road, and a wrong done to the road is a wrong
to the Government." That is the extent of
his offending. With such intent he came and
did what? They tell me he bribed somebody—
oh, no, I take that back—he came here and
did not brib# anj body. That fact is expressly
found in the report which recommends his ex-
pulsion. if am thing is made certain so far
as the report of the committee is concerned,
aobody is or has been bribed by Oakes Ames.
Ah! but I am told by the committee that
he attempted to bribe somebody; but the
same committee tell me that he fully accom-
plished all he attempted to do. If there was
an attempt to bribe on his part, it is a clear
case of full perpetration of the offense, if any
offeuse. was committed. If by placing this
stock he did attempt to bribe anybody, he placed
it. If he attempted in this manner to influ-
ence legislation, he influenced it. There is no
escaping from that conclusion. He did fully
and thoroughly all he tried to do.
What he did do was this : he said to gentle-
men here, "Here is this stock; if we can be
let alone in Congress, and no wrong done us,
it will be valuable, and the Union Pacific rail-
road will go forward; if we cannot be let alone I
do not know what wiW happen, for we cannot
get capitalists to take hold of it; now, will you
buy a portion of the stock at par with the
accrued interest from the July previous?"
Now, has it ever struck auy of your minds
that if this was> a bribe it was a most peculiar
bribe? Did you ever know of a case before
where a man bribed another or attempted and
reckoned interest backward on the amount of
his bribe ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. AMBLER. I hope the gentleman's
time will be extended.
The SPEAKER. How much time does the
gentleman wish?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. About
as long as my colleague [Mr. Banks] had, and
he had forty minutes over his hour.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask that the gentle-
man's time be extended.
No objection was made, and the time was
extended.
Mir. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I trust
I shall not abuse your patience for the full
extension of my time. I was speaking of the
quality of the alleged bribe, and I ask you to
search the whole history of criminal law and
see if you can find a case in which a man made
a calculation of interest on a bribe! What
Mr. Ames did do exactly was this: he said to
these gentlemen, "This stook I think is valua-
ble ; others think it is not valuable ; I think
that if we are let alone it will be valuable, bat
if somebody who wants to levy black-mail upon
us or somebody else who desires to do mischief
comes to Congress and seeks to break us
down, or if the corrupt courts of New York,
where they have had to impeach their judges,
but not for honesty in telling the truth,
[laughter]—break open our safe and take
a"way our books, why then I do not know what
will be the loss to the road and the country ;
and therefore I want you to have such little
modicum of interest as will induce you to prick
up your ears when the Pacific railroad is
mentioned, and see that the interests of the
Government are cared for. I do not ask you
to do any wrong to the Government or any-
body else; I will do none myself; but. I wish
you would take such an interest in this great
enterprise with me as to arrest your attention
when any wrong is proposed to it and the
interests of the Government that are bound up
in it. I do not desire to influence your action
or vote, but wish to arouse your attention to
your duty ; only this and nothing more."
Now, the record shows tbat Mr. Ames never
asked any member to vote on any measure.
He said " I do not ask any legislation, I only
hope there will be none asked for by any-
body."
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to say that the record does not show that
any man voted to prevent that action of the
judges of New York?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I shall
come to that in a moment.
Now what was the next thing the road asked,
and the only thing it ever asked, according to
the record as stated by the gentleman from
Ohio? The Union Pacific Railroad Company
asked, in March, 1868, that they might change
the time of their annual meeting from October
to March; that was all. Well, did or could
that hurt anybody? Did that require a bribe
from anybody or to anybody?
Mr. STEVENSON. They also asked that
they might change their place of business and
remove it, from New York to Boston.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 am
coming to that in a moment. 1 shoot with a
rifle, and not with a shot-gun, and do not scatter
all around. [Laughter and applause.] I was
asking if the change of the time of" meeting
injured any one.
Well, what else did they want? The right
to change their places of meeting. Whatfor?
Because judges of the State of New York,
now declared to be unfit to sit on the bench, were
ordering their safes to be broken open and en-
joining them from proceeding with their busi-
ness in order that certain parties might levy
black-mail on them, and they wanted to get
to Boston where they could hold their meet-
ings and where, as my colleagues and I know,
we have honest judges and honest courts and
honest men like Oakes Ames. [Laughter and
applause.]
Now, I have not heard any gentleman say
during this discussion what these members
who are supposed to have been bribed were to
do. It is found expressly by the committee
that there was nothing asked of them by Mr.
Oakes Ames. But it is said that there must
have been a bribe because the amounts of the
dividends on this stock were so large. Let us
see about that.
The committee tell us that Ames must have
intended a bribe because he sold members of
Congress this stock at par and accrued interest
from'July to December, 1807, and that it was.
then worth more, but that the only sale they
could find was between Alley and Durant,
two of the directors on a stock contract
filled at $100 or sixty dollars advance nom-
inally. They could find no other sale, say
the committee, prior to the sale to the mem-
bers by which to fix the value. Let us see
how that is. Ames sold in August, 1867, to
Patterson thirty shares at par, but they
answer that Patterson was a Senator, and
he was to be bribed by that sale. Let us
look further, then, and see if it was quite just
and fair for the committee to report to us they
could find no actual sale before December,
1867, to fix the price.
They did not look with eagle eye for that
exculpatory fact with which they looked for
inculpations of Oakes Ames. Remember
that the placing of this stock was in 1867.
What was the stock worth ? 1 find on page
445 of the committee's book of evidence a
slock transaction, May 4, 1867, where one
hundred shares of Credit Mobilier stock were
sold by Oakes Ames to G. Bradford, and,
after taking out all the commissions, ail that
was got for $10,000 worth of stock in that
sale was $9,5G1 67—all that Oakes Ames
received. A member of Congress and be
bribed! Who is Mr. G. Bradford? He is a
member of the firm of Batey, Blake & Co.,
one of the most respectable banking firms in
Boston. He has nothing more to do with Con-
gress than Congress has to do with him.
There was an actual sale by Oakes Ames in
this same year, 1867.
Mr. POLAND. In May, 1807?
Mr. BU l'LER, of Massachusetts. Certainly,
in May, 1807. And they cannot find that any-
body was fool enough to buy it afterward even
at that price. Who was the man who bought
it afterward? Who placed a dollar of money
iu it afterward? After six weeks' scrutiny,
after taking all this testimony, the report of the
committee, the argument of my learned friend
from Vermont [Mr. Poland] was that they
could not find a single sale. I have referred
to the last sale, and that they overlooked. It
is true, that is not a recommendation of the
thoroughness of their scrutiny, but that is the
best they could do. Now, not another sale
was made, not one. This was the worth of
the stock in the market, upon all the evidence,
when it was sold to these members of Congress
at par and accrued interest from July. And
therefore the transaction went back to within
sixty days of the Bradford sale, at par in cash.
Yet the same sale price to Bradford is not a
bribe ; to Congressmen it is. But let me call
attention to the fact that of the three hundred
and forty-three shares that Ames had, he sold
to Congressmen only about one third, but upon
the evidence sold the other two thirds to mer-
chants and others at the same price, at the
same time, under the same arrangements, the
same stock. Yet the sale of the two thirds ia
admitted to be no bribe on his part, but that
of the one third is conclusive evidence of
bribery.
