timo
mm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
of Alabama for the purpose of ascertaining -what,
sum or,sums of money are due to that State hereto-
fore .unsettled, under the act of March 2,1819, for
the admission of Alabama into the Union," would
hav.e omitted to charge Alabama with thp-amount
of the two per cent .so expended in constructing
such, road. The two "principles which, by the act or
March 2,1855, the Commissioner was to be governed
in settling with Alabama'were: First, to ascertain
what sum was due that State on an account stated,
and what were unsettled; second, to allow that
State for lands on this reservation at the rate of
$1-25 per acre, the same as public lands.
There being in the State of Mississippi lauds ac-
quired by the.United States from the Indians by the
treaty of October 30,1&36* it was enacted by Congress
that Mississippi should be allowed the five per cent,
on the sales of those lands. (5 Stat., p. 116.) And on
March.3,1857, (11 Stat., p. 200,) it was further^e'nacted
that an account be stated by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office between the United States
and Mississippi, to ascertain the sum due the State
on account of the public lands, upon the same prin-
ciples of' allowance and settlement as prescribed in
the act 14'to settle certain accounts between the
United, ,States and the State of Alabama," approved
March'2,185o, and that hebe required to include in
said account :the several reservations under the
various treaties with the Chickasaw and Choctaw
Indians within the limits of Mississippi, and allow
and pay to the said State five per cent, thereon, aa
in the case of other States, estimating'the land «fe
the value of$l 25 per acre,"
.Andthen comes the section-insisted on sls directing
tbe paymentof the two per cent, to Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois:,
" Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
Commissioner shall also slate an account between,
the. united States and each of the other States upon
the same principles, and shall allow and pay to
each State such amount as shall thus be found due,
fstimating ail lands and permanent reservations at
1 25 per acre."
Neither the State of Mississippi nor Alabama
acquires its right to the relinquishment of the two
per cent, from the act of 1855 or the act of 1857,
above referred to. but from the act ot September 4,
1841, (5 Stat., p. -157,) because the United States had
failed to aj>ply the two per cent., to the construc-
tion of a road leading to those States as it had-stipu-
lated to do, as before stated.
By the act of 1857, thG accounts with all the States
are to be stated on th'e "same principles" as pro-
vided in the acts of 1855 and 1857, relating to Ala-
bama 'and Mississippi; that is: first, an account is
to be stated for the purpose of ascertaining what
sum of sums of motley aire due to each State, and
unsettled; second, the two States, if they fcontain
Indian reservations, aretobe allowed oh thoselands
as if they had been sold at $1 % frer acrd, afad each
State is to be paid the amouftt found due, if any.
The amount due and to be paid is not effected by
the second section of this statute of 1857, otherwise
than the allow: ng five per cent, on the Indian lands,
valued at $1 25 per acre, affects the amount to be
found due.
IV. Neither do the committee consider that the
United-States has so failed to perform its stipula-
tions with Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois as to entitle
those States, or cither of them, to be paid the two
per cent, in question.
If wfe treat the organic lAw by which these States
were admitted into the Union as strictly a contract,
and one Over which the sovereignty of which these
States arc member had no discretionary power,
and passing b? the fact that nearly seventy years
have elapsed since the arrangement was made, it
still appears that the, agreement has, in substance,
been performed by tho United States.
A most valuable' and expensive road, from the
navigable waters etopttfing into the Atlantic, was'
laid out andm&de to the Ohio, and through the State
as far a# Springfield, tfnd was laid out through the
State and through the States of Indiana and Illinois,
and constructed and perfected. This road, in the
language of the compact, " leading to the Ohio, to
the said State, and through the same," 'leading to
the States ' of Indiana and Illinois, has been a vast
benefit to those States, afrd although not completed
through the last named States, was a road leading
to them. The United States, although receiving
iromthetwo per cent, fund of these three States
only about 11,100,000. has paid from its treasury in
this work $6,760,400 07, and has surrendered to those
States respectively sach portions of the road as are
situated within their respective boundaries. The
United States would undoubtedly have gone on and
perfected the said road, had not the introduction of
rauroadsrendered its completion desirable tono one.
ine United Stateshas not only substantially com-
plied with the compact; it has done so literally. It
is said the road was not perfected entirely through
tne otate oi Ohio, and not completed, according to
the.liberal purple,of the United States, through
Indiana and Illinois. Inasmuch as the United
States gave up tho completion of the road, after so
large an expenditure, only because of a change
of circumstances, which made the completion of the
road unnecessary , n seems quite technical to urge
that the United States has not complied with the
letter of the compact. But it has complied even
with the letter, it was not stipulated (though that
clearly was. the purpose,) that a road should be made
through Ohio, or to Indiana, or to Illinois. The
United States held for these States the position of a
trustee of this two per cent, fund, and agreed, in
the language of the stipulation with Ohio and In-
diana, that the fund should " be applied to the lay-
ing out and making roads leading," <fcc., and, in the
language of the stipulation with Illinois, '* that the
fund should be disbursed in making roads leading,"
&c. Kow thy ftmd has betfrt go " applied," and so
"disbursed." The two per cent, fund for Ohio and
Indiana is about $400,000 for each State, and for
Illinois about 1500,000; and the United States has
apRlied and disbursed in the .construction of tihe
road' provided for as aforesaid;, according to the
statement of the promoters of the -bill, which is
suffioreTitly.correctfor our purpose, as follows:' la
Ohio, $2:077,631 06; in Indiana; f1,128,289 50;'-and
in Illinois, $742*445 §0.
It can harjlly be insisted thai the United States
has not applied the trust fund according to.the eon-
tract; and after it has applied to this work a. sum
so largely in excess ,q£ the lund, creating a highway
which the country kh^ws was, in early days, great
service to the West, and only abandoning the-cGaa-
pietion of the road from a change of circumstances
which rendered jthe prosecution of the wbfck unde-
sirable to all, one is at a loss to see any -just claim
t^ese 'States at tjhis day have to be again paid the
money which, has been expended by th^ United
States, according to the contract, for their benefit.
It the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, having
had the two per cent.* and vastly more, applied, to
the construction pt a,road leading to those States,
are now entitled to receive the t>o per cenWthea
Mississippi and Alabama, who have not had tbe
two per cent, applied to the construction of a r(*ad
jeadingto those States, asstipulated in the enabling
act, but hav« received the two per cent, are entitled
to nave the road constructed  or its equivalent in
m,o ey, which  o one will claim.
The" committer reeommend tha«t the jbill be in-
definitely postponed. ■
FRED'E T. FRELINGHUYSBN,
GEO. F. .EDMUNDS,
HOSCOE CONKLim,
M. H. CARPENTER, '
GEO. .G. WRIGHT.
Views of the m iiwriiy.
We cannot concur in the conclusions arrived at by
the majority of the committee. We do not think
that, upon a coYr'ect interpretation of. the act of
March 3, 1857, it i's admissible to set on against the
clai'm.s of Ohio. Indiana, and Illinois, the amounts
expended by th6 Government in the construction
of the Cumberland road, or, as it is more properly
called, theatfational road. The appropriations for
that road up to 1818, inclusive, amounted to 5250,000,
and were declared to be payable out of the Wo per
cent, fund of Ohio. After 1818 no such declaration
is found. Thenceforth Congress seems to "have con-
sidered the road a national work, to be paid for out
of the Treasury. Indeed it never was such a. rpa&
as was contemplated in the enabling acts of said
States. No fr&rt Of its Cost has ever been charged in
the accounts of the Treasury to either of the three
States named. A.nd in 1857 justice to those States,
in vieW of what had been before then granted to
other new States, required that they should not be
charged with any part of the cost of constructing
that road. And such we believe was the view taken
by Congress in passing the act of 1857. Hence Con-
gress subsequently required her whole two per cent,
to be fraid to Missouri, without deduction for any
expenditure" upon said road. We perceive no dif-
ference in principle between the case of Missouri
and that of either of the States of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois. In our judgment the bill should pass.
A. G. THURMAN,
JOHN POOL.
Mr* THURMAN. Before the discussion
proceeds I wish to correct an error accidentally
committed in drafting the statement, which
has just been read, of the views of the minority.
At the time I drew that statement I had before
me the speech made by the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Pratt,] and looking at his
reference to the statutes, I inferred that after
1818 no ^ct of Congress provided that the
expenditure upon the Cumberland road should
be charged to the two percent, fund Of these
States. I thought from that speech that the
act of 1818 was the last act of that kind. My
own investigation led me to the same conclu-
sion j but since then I have discovered that
there were some acts subsequent to 1818 which
contained a similar provision.
I wish to make this statement, although it is
perhaps of no great materiality. The fact
stated in the views of the minority, that from
2818 the Cumberland road evidently was con-
sidered by Congress to be a national work, to
be paid for out of the Treasury of the United
States, remains as. stated in those viewsj
although in some of the acts subsequent to
1818 I now find, since drawing that report, that
a reference is made to the two per cent. fund.
I wish simply to make that correction. '
I wish also to state, while I am up, that the
minority of the committee submitted their
views m that very brief form, firat, for want
ot time to prepare them at greater length, and,
again, because 'there are two reports Of the
Judiciary C'om-mittee of the Hbuse accom-
panying the House bill, and it was unnecessary
to rewrite tftose repbrts as the views of the
minority, because those reports ean be read.
They accompany the House bill.
Mr. "PRATT. The Senator from Ohio has
■referred to some remarks that I made on this
bill id April last. I have those remarks be-
fore me I stated explicitly that on the 14th
of April, 1818, there was an appropriation of
' "i.OOO; and I then pfoceeded to say:
"Up to this date the appropriations aggregated
$422,984, 60, and "with the exception of the last and
largest one, it is declared tUa.t though the moneys
are appropriated from the Treasury, they are to
be reimbursed from the fund provided iu Ohio's
enabling aet."
So thatthe Senator misutiderstood my speech
in trading it.
Mr. FttELINGHUYSBN. If the pro-
moters of this biii rely Upon what I have not
heard of before, the reports of committees of
the House, and consider theni as a part of their
report, I think we ought t<J bave those read,
for I have never feeeW them.
Mr. THURMAN. I did bbt say we consid-
ered thetti a }>art of oar report; but we did
not consider it necessary to go over the same
grountt Which had been twice gone over by the
Judiciary Com'mittee of the House, and upon
which they had made written reports, because
those reports accompany the House bill, and
can be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have the Hbuse report
here, if the Senator from New Jersey desires
to hear it.
Mr. FRELINGH UYSETS. I should like
to hear it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is at some consider-
able length. '
Mr. LOGAN. It is not very long ; let it be
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we are going to take
a vote without debate it would be well to have
it read.
Mr, LOGAN. Let us have it read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hold in my hand the
House report. I do not know whether the
Senator from New Jersey intends to discuss
the bill or leave it to be acted upon on the
reports.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I had no expect-
ation that this subject would be brought before
the Senate to day, and I have made no prepa-
ration to discuss it; but before the vote is
taken I shall feel it my duty, in as brief a man-
ner as practicable, to state what I understand
to be the points in this case, and how it is dis-
tinguished from the case of the State of Mis-
souri, to which the Senator from Ohio alluded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, Mr. President, if
the matter is to be discussed, I will state for
the information of Senators, who perhaps may
not have listened to the report, although the
Senate is not very full, what I understand to
be the real points involved in this case. My
statement will be very brief, occupying not
more than five or ten minutes at any rate, and
without any argument.
It was long the policy of the Government
to allow to the new States in the West and
Southwest five per cent, of the uet proceeds
of the sales of the public lands within their
borders for the purpose of improvements in
those States. This was the policy adopted at
a very early day. It is not the policy now.
This policy was adopted from this consider-
ation : when all these States were admitted,
from the beginning down to a much later
period, a compact was entered into between
the new States and the General Government
by which the new States agreed not to tax the
lands which were sold by the Government for
five years after their sale: and no person who
has not lived in anew State where the lands are
exempted from taxation for five years Can nppre -
eiate what a great burden this was upon the new
States. They were poor at best; and all the
lands that were sold by the United States were
