1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1481
exempt from taxation by a compact made with;
the Federal Government for the period of free,
years. In consequence of thai, the Federal
Government agreed to appropriate 'five pws
cent, of the proceeds of the lands which weeer
sold, for improvements in those 'SttitAs. Mn
reference to some of the States, k-attoiwedr
three per cent, and reserved two to itself to
be expended upon roads; leading1 to ami
through the States. Now the policy is: changed';
now the lands are subject to taxation from the
moment of their sale by the Federal Govern-
ment ; and yet, notwitstanding that, Congress
allows five per cent, of the. proceeds of (he
lauds for improvement.
There were quite a number of States besides
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois subject to this same
provision ; that is, the reservation of two per
eenti of this five per cent, fatid to be expended
by the Federal Government. All the States
which were thus situated have subsequently
received the full amount of the five per cent,
except thfcse three States. In 1857 a law was
passed directing an account to be stated with
the State of Mississippi, and directing that the
two per cent, fund which had been withheld
by the Federal Government to be applied to
the construction of roads leading to the State
of Mississippi, should be paid' over to Missis-
sippi i and a clause was also inserted in that
law directing accounts to be stated in the same
way with the other States. Under that lawthe
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois were just
as much entitled to this two per cent, fund as
the State of Mississippi was ; but it was not
paid. Their claim was resisted upon the
ground that the two per cent, fund had really
been expended by the Federal Government as
was originally agreed.
Missouri eame here a few years afterward
and insisted that the two per cent, fund should
be paid to her in pursuance of the contract
made with the Government when Missouri was
admitted into the Union and by which the
Government agreed to expend the two per cent.
■ for her benefit, but had not done so. She in-
sisted that she was entitled to that two per
«ent., and Congress -passed a law giving it to
Missouri. Now, these other States think they
are entitled to it under the law as it stands;
but they have been unable to get the accounts
stated and liquidated, and the bill now pend-
ing is for that purpose, and to place these three
States upon the same footing "as Missouri,
Alabama, Mississippi, Michigan, and the other
States in the Union.
Why is it resisted ? It is resisted upon the
ground that Congress has really performed its
part of the contract in the construction of the
National road. Is that true? Tho National road
was never built through Illinois at all. Some
little grading was once done upon it in the east-
ern part of the State. It was never constructed
and finished through Indiana. _ A portion of
it was perhaps finished in Ohio; but, years
and years ago, that road was surrendered up
to the States where it had been completed.
The great amount of money upon that road
was expended in the States of Maryland and
Pennsylvania, and the people of Ohio, Judi-
ana, and Illinois had no more interest in it,
nor as much, as the States ot'_ Maryland and
Pennsylvania, and it is an unfair construction
of the act of Congress to apply two per cent.
of the proceeds of the public lands sold in the
State of Illinois or. Missouri, or Alabama tor
the construction of a road in Maryland and
Pennsylvania- This money was to be ex-
pended for the benefit of the particular States.
It has never been done. An equivalent has
been furnished. We in these three States
abstained from taxing the lands sold by the
United States for five years after they were
sold, and the taxes, had they been assessed
and collected, would have amounted to the
sum that is now claimed many times over.
The law of 1857, providing for the settle-
ment of the account between Mississippi and
the United States, said nothing about the
Cumberland' road, made no reference to it,
bat directed the accounts'wi th the other States
to be Settled on the same basis as they-were
settled with Mississippi; and now it is insisted
that under the act of 1857, according to the
original'iSftdestandi-fig, when' theisfe States Were
adlmittect istss ihe United' States, She' United
States being a trustee of this fund, which it'
has n4ver applied to rfre benefit of thdsa States,
is bound1, to seeotnit to them for it upon prin -
triples of equity as well as (if law.
The amount, it has been stated, was a little'
less than $1,300,000 in all three of the States.
In order to magnify the amount, the Senator
from New Jersey insisted that interest would
be claimed. Now, sir, interest is not claimed.
These States ask no other settlement than
upon the same principle upon which a settle-
ment was made with Missouri, Alabama, Mis
sissippi, and the other' States. Tlley did not
receive interest, and they never asked interest.
These States do not ask interest; and if it be
desired there will be ttd objection to inserting
in this bill a provision that interest shall not
be allowed. Interest is not claimed.
I believe, Mr. President, I have stated very
briefly the facts in regard to the claim of these
States as I understand them*
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I regret that Upon a; question of so much im-
portance I have not had an opportunity of
deliberate consideration with a view to pie-
sent in a well matured form the views which
strike me as worthy of the attention of the
Senate. The report which has been read was
written by me a year ago, and the- facts and
circumstances attending this claim, amounting
as I understand to some three million dol-
lars out of the United States Treasury, I must
be permitted to state as they occur to me at
the moment.
My friend from Illinois says that no interest
is claimed. What is the claim ? The claim
is that the United States Government has
withheld from these three States money which
was honestly due them. That claim carries
interest, of course. It is very probable that
if I were a Senator froriJ one of these three
States I would say, too, that no interest was
claimed. It is much easier to split a log by put-
ting the smallest part of the wedge in than by
undertaking to put the but end in. All1 that
is asked of Congrfess now is to recognize the
validity of this claim, and at the next session
of the session following it will be very easy to
obtain a law giving these States interest, as
they ought to have it if this claim is allowed.
Mr. President, if there is any disposition on
the part of the Senate to understand this case,
let me call the attention of the body to it.
Ohio was admitted into the Union in 1808. It
was a part of the organic law admitting that
State—
" That five per cent, of the net proceeds of lands
within the State sold by Congress shall be applied
to the laying out and making public roads leading
from the navigable waters emptying into the Atlan-
tic, to the Ohio, to the said State and through the
same, such roads to be laid out with the authority ot
Congress, with the consent of the several states
through which the road shall pass."
Afterward it was provided that only two per
cent, of that five per cent, should be applied
by Congress to the construction of this road.
When Indiana was admitted in 1816 it was
provided that the two per cent, "shall be
applied to the making of a road or roads lead-
ing to the said State, under the direction of
Congress." I give the exact words of the
compact. When Illinois wasadmitted in 1818,
the exact words were that the two per cent..
" shall be disbursed under the direction ol
in making roads leading to the
State;
Mr. PRATT. If it will not interrupt my
friend from New Jersey, I should like to ask
him one question right in this connection; and
that is, whether Congress stipulated to do for
Indiana in the enabling act of 1816 anything
more than it had stipulated already m 1802 to
do- for the State of Ohio ? In other words, did
not. the enabling act by which the State of Ohio
was admitted into the Union provide that one
or more reads should be constructed to that
State, and through that State'; 'and did not the
enabling act undefr which Indiana was admitted
into the Union provide that one br more roads
should be constructed "to " that State j not
"through" it, bat " to"it ? Ndw, the point
I wisb to make to tlifc Senator is, whether Con-
gress stipulated to do anything more for Indi-
ana than it had already stipulated to do in the
case of Ohio. ' 1 • •
Mr. FREMNGHUYSEN. The answer is
very ready, because I have, and can state in
one minute, th'e precise words of each stipula-
tion, and then the Seliate will judge what the
compact was; and I will undertake to show
that that compact has been substantially and
literally fulfilled. The language in the case
of Ohio was— :
"Thatfive percent"—'
Afterward reduced to two—
"of the net proceeds of lands within the State sold
by Congress shall be applied to the laying out and
making public roads leading frqiri the- nSivigSible
waters emptying into the Atlantic, to th& Ohio, to
the said State, aad through the same." :
It was to bi> applied to that purpose, not
that that five per cent, or two per cent, could
build the road ; it was a mere drop in the
bucket toward building it. It was to be applied
to that purpose. The compact with Indiana
was in these words, that the two per cehfe
shall be applied to the making of a road or
roads leading to the, said • State, under the
direction ot Congress." In the case of Illinois
it provided that the two per cent. " shall be
disbursed under the direction of Congress in
making roads leading to the State."
Let me at this point call the attention of the
Senate to what Congress did. They built a
road, the Cumberland road, from the waters
emptying into the Atlantic to the Ohio river,
and through the State of Ohio. They con-
structed a road, not perfected, but constructed
a road so that it was used across the State of
Indiana. They constructed a road partially
across the State of Illinois. They were hot
bound to do either. All that they agfeed to do
was to construct roads leading to those States.
They were not bound to do that. All that they
were bound to do was to apply that money in
constructing roads leading from the waters of
the Atlantic to those States. What did they do ?
The claim of the State of Ohio is $400,000 ; I
speak in ronnd numbers, and state the amount
at less than it is. The United States Govern-
ment spent on that road in the State of Ohio
more than $2,000,000. That State only pre-
tends to be entitled to $400,000, and we have
$2,000,000 to set off against her $400,000.
How was it with the State of Indiana? Her
claim is $400,000, and the United States Gov-
ernment spent in that State on this road
$1,128,000; and- there is the offset to that
$400,000. The claim of the State of Illinois
is nearly $500,000, and there the United
States Government spent $742,000. The
whole claim of these three States is $1,300,000,
and the whole amount spent by the Govern-
ment on the roads leading to those States is
$3,760,000; and yet we are told that they have
a just claim on the Treasury of the United
States!
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator mean
to assert that the State of Illinois is respon-
sible for the amount that was spent there, the
$700,000? If he does, I want, to know if he
will hold Pennsylvania and Maryland for the
largest portion of the $7,000,000. It was a
national road. „ „
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will answer
the Senator, notbv my own opioions, but by
the law. The Senator asks about Illinois.
The exact words of the compact between the
Government of the United States and the
State of Illinois as to the expenditure of this
two per cent, were that the two per cent.
