518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
law which has no reference to any item of
appropriation in this bill.
Air. HOLMAN. It is certainly germane to
the pending amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out.
Mr. HOLMAN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is: "Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee?"
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 81, noes 50.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. RANDALL. I believe the question
now recurs on my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly.
Mr. SARGENT. If the Chair entertains
the proposition of the gentlemari from Penn-
sylvania, I wish to be heard in opposition to it.
Mr. Chairman, the other day the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] proposed
a resolution in this House, which was adopted,
that the President of the United States be
requested to take some grave action upon the
opinion of this House, without the concurrence
of the Senate, a coordinate legislative branch
of the Government, and without allowing the
President to express his approval or disap-
proval.
The gentleman is not satisfied with the ordin-
ary methods of legislation, but wants this
House, it would seem to me—I do not say it
is his motive, but that certainly is the result—
to assume the legislative power of the Gov-
ernment, to direct all this machinery. Now,
suppose the President of the United States,
receiving the request made the other day from
the House of Representatives only, should
believe that it was necessary, in order that
grave action of that kind should be taken,
involving the United States in the expense of
a lawsuit and the employment of attorneys to
conduct it, and not seeing by the resolution
any method by which he himself could cause
the payment of the men thus employed and
the other expenses of the lawsuit, had felt it
proper to refuse or neglect compliance with
this request of the House of Representatives,
would there not in that case have been an
opportunity for the gentleman, with the elo-
quence he ordinarily uses, to declaim against
the Pfesident of the United States, and impute
to his unwillingness to take the responsibility
we required him to undertake, and his desire
to defeat the object of the resolution, what
would have been due solely to the fact that
no funds were provided to enable him to dis-
charge the duty?
Therefore that ought to have been done
by legislation. Now here is another propo-
sition of the same character. Here is a bill
wherein there is no appropriation from which
one dollar can be taken for purposes of trans-
portation, or if there is aoy, it is simply for
carrying a few quires of paper, which might
go over the railroads in the gentleman's own
State, but which would not go over the Pacific
railroad. And into a bill of this character the
gentleman endeavers to introduce an amend-
ment that no appropriation herein made shall
be used ^ for the purpose of paying interest
on certain bonds. Well, now, the Secretary
of the Treasury may literally comply with
that. But if he goes on, in the presence of
a resolution of that character, and pays this
interest, though he may consider himself com-
pelled so to do by preexisting legislation, then
there will come the same chance to assail him
by saying thatr he paid this, although there
was a provision solemnly put on a bill which
passed this House that no part of that money
should be paid. There is thus an opportunity
afforded for any amount of abuse and calumny
and any amount of eloquent invective to be
heaped upon his head, when really we are
putting legislation where it does not belong,
where it would be ineffectual, and where, if
effectual, it would be unjust.
The gentleman objected to an amendment
which in the Senate was put in an appropri-
ation bill, he said surreptitiously. Is not the
gentleman himself attempting here to do some-
thing surreptitiously?
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. SARGENT. I cannot yield. The gen-
tleman can reply to me when I have done.
Why, sir, that amendment was moved in the
Senate, as he now, as a member of the House,
moves this amendment on the floor of the
House. It was debated for two or three days
in the Senate. It was talked over pro and
con. Its subject-matter had been referred to
one of the most important committees in the
Senate—the Judiciary Committee—and an
able report had been printed and laid upon
the desks of members in regard to the liabil-
ities of these companies; and after that the
vote was taken in the Senate by ayes and noes,
and the proposition was carried. And the
appropriation bill, with that amendment num-
bered, was reported here, and it was consid-
ered in this House.
Mr. HOLMAN. It was never considered
here.
Mr. SARGENT. I decline to be inter-
rupted. After that, in the ordinary course of
legislation it went, as every appropriation bill
does, to a committee of conference. The
committee of conference made a report, and
that report was read at the Clerk's desk. I
believe you yourself, sic, were a member of
that committee of conference. I am not posi-
tive, however, as to that. But at any rate the
report was, in the ordinary course of legisla-
tion, read from the desk, and every member
who was not asleep had an opportunity of
listening to it. And yet the gentleman calls
that amendment a surreptitious one. I ask,
is not such a statement more true with refer-
ence to this present amendment, introduced
without any reference to any committee,
moved at the end of a week of hard legislative
work, when there is hardly any opportunity to
debate it?
A colleague of the gentleman calls my
attention to the fact that the chairman of the
Committee of the Whole, by a shake of his
head, intimates that he was not a member of
that committee of conference. I state this
that it may appear in the Globe in connection
with the remark I made a few moments ago.
I say, however, that aspersions upon officers
who are not given sufficient legal warrant for
that which we require them to do can be very
easily framed hereafter and thrown broadcast
over the country in order to blacken the char-
acter of these men.
I have now, handed to me by a friend,
the names of the committee of conference to
which I have -referred. That committee was
composed of Mr. Dickey of Pennsylvania,
Mr. Logan of Illinois, and Mr. Beck of Ken-
tucky. I was not on the committee, nor was
the then chairman of the committee, [Mr.
Dawes.] As to the charge of surreptitious
dealing, I deny it in behalf of my friend from
Kentucky, and I deny it on behalf of the
other gentlemen who were members of that
committee.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. NIBL ACK. If my colleague will allow
me, I will move that the committee do now
rise. It is evident that we cannot finish this
bill this evening, and I think we have done
work enough for one week.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
committee will not rise, but that we shall
have a vote upon the pending question after
the speech of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman.]
Mr. NIBLACK. This is a matter of some
importance, and I think we ought to have
further discussion upon it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will proceed now. I
remember very well the action of the House
when this ninth section of the Army appro-
priation bill of March 3, 1871, was pending,
and I say now to the House that when that
ninth section was read a few moments ago it
was read here and in this House for the first
time. I do not say that it was surreptitiously
passed through the House, but I can say this,
that here is a section of a statute very gravely
affecting public rights and the public revenue
which never had a reading in this House. I
may be told perhaps that no member called
for its reading. On the contrary, the reading
of the Senate amendments, of which this sec-
tion was one, was called for time and time
again while the conference report was pend-
ing. It was during the closing hours of the
last Congress that these proceedings oc-
curred here, and the Senate amendments,
except the sections embodied in the confer-
ence report, were never read. This ninth sec-
tion, except the last clause, was incorporated
in the bill and went through the House with-
out a reading in the House. If gentlemen
knew of the provisions of this ninth section
before the passage of the bill that knowledge
was not obtained by the proceeding of this
House.
Time and again the reading of those Senate
amendments was called for, as the record
will show, and this section was never read.
And now an effort is being made to repeal in
effect that ninth section, and gentlemen seem
inclined to resist the repeal of this ninth sec-
tion as if it was a legitimate expression of the
legislative will. It has in no just sense the
sanction of law. It is not in any just sense
the law, and every dollar that has been paid
out of the Treasury under its provisions has
been wrongfully taken from the Treasury.
And now, sir, when this section is sought to
be repealed—a section which was wrongfully
on an appropriation bill, being entirely foreigu
to its provisions—objection is made that the
repealing provision is not germane to an appro-
priation bill.
Sir, the House owes it to itself to see that
this section is repealed. Under the circum-
stances of its enactment it ought to be repealed
at the first possible moment; and instead of
doing it in this indirect mode, as proposed by
the pending amendment, it ought to be directly
repealed and blotted from the statute-book,
for it never had the intelligent legislative
sanction of this House, and was never right-
fully on the statue-book.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man if he ever read the proceedings of the
Senate upon that section ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I never saw the section
until it was in the form of law, when the read-
ing of the Senate amendments was called for;
the answer was that, with the exception of
the provision creating the southern claims
commission, the amendments of the Senate
largely reduced the appropriations made by
the bill.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I did not know
until a moment since that my name had been
mentioned in connection with any report cov-
ering this subject. I do not now remember
what that report was. 1 have been advised by
friends who may have examined the record
that I did not sign that report. I do not re-
member whether I did or not.
Mr. DICKEY. I remember yery distinctly
that the gentlemin did sign it.
Mr, RANDALL. The record will show.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I do not now
recollect, but I know that this is a very im-
portant matter, and ought to.be more fully dis<
cussed in justice to those of us who did sign
the report. If there was anything wrong in it
I do not know it.
Mr. RANDALL. Nobody charges the gen-
tleman with knowingly doing anything wrong.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. The intimation
of the gentleman from Indiana TMr. Holman]
was_ that it was done surreptitiously, in the
closing hours of the session, late at night,
when nobody knew anything about it.
