18t3.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Mechanical Industry—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
sion of his colleague, Mr. Commissioner Wads-
worth, to examine the Indian case with a view
to effecting an agreement in opinion, and sav-
ing the necessity of sending the case to the
umpire. Mr. Wadsworth assented.
On the 8th July, 1872, Commissioner Guz-
man submitted to his colleague an elaborate
opinion denying the jurisdiction of the com-
missioners and the umpire over the Indian
cases, and insisting upon suspending all action
on them, and remitting them to the two Gov-
ernments for decision.
Commissioner Wadsworth denied Commis-
sioner GuzmUn's right to dictate such a course,
and as he had failed to agree with Commissioner
Wadsworth, and thereby avoid sending the
papers to the umpire, the latter insisted that
the cases should go to the umpire under the
existing order and on the opinions filed with
the order. Commissioner Guzman declined
this, insisting that the order was by some im-
plication revoked. Commissioner Wadsworth,
denying the latter proposition, offered to sub-
wit this difference to the umpire. Commis-
sioner Guzman peremptorily refused to let any
point connected with the case go to the umpire.
This brought the business of the commis-
sion to a dead-lock on the 20th July, Commis-
sioner Wadsworth maintaining that the action
of Commissioner Guzman, in declining to sub-
mit differences to the umpire, was in open
violation of his obligation as a commissioner
and of the treaty.
On the 22d July, 1872, Commissioner Guz-
man reported his course in an official commu-
nication to the Mexican secretary of foreign
affairs, showing unequivocally that he had
come to Washington with a determination to
"arrest the commission in its course," and
with his plan prearranged.
A treaty now pends between the United
States and Mexico to extend the term of the
commission. A failure by the United States
to ratify or make the necessary appropriation
plays right into the hands of Mexico, whose
sole object is to stave off a settlement.
Let the United States put,itself right on the
record, and should Mexico fail to ratify the
treaty at the next meeting of Congress, the
onus of bad faith will be entirely with her, and
the United States will be in position to assert
and maintain the rights of its citizens.
I therefore, Mr. Chairman, have favored the
appropriation, and I trust that the House will
not allow Mexican treachery, such as I referred
to the other day, and which I now show by
facts in detail, to succeed in its bad design.
I append hereto (marked A) the cases as
they appear in the progress of the commis-
sion. The facts irrefragably show a motive for
this bad design and conduct.
APPENDIX A.
united states and mexican joint commission,
under convention of july 4, 1S08.
Statement of the condition of the docket of Mexican
claims vs. United States, January 31, 1873.
*Tofcal number of claims docketed  913
Number decided, 323:
Number awarded 155
Number rejected 168
Number pending before umpire 366
Total number disposed of by the commissioners... 689
Number pending before the commissioners    224
Statement of the amount of awards in favor of Mexico
and against the United States.
United States ourrency #81,720 28
Add approximate amount of interest  5,000 00
Total principal and interest approxim-
ately $86w20 28
Note.—Of the undecided cases on the Mexican
docket one hundred and twenty-four arise out of
substantially the same state of facts and one gener-
ioaily known as the "Bagdad cases."
united states and mexican joint commission,
undek convention op july 4, 1868.
Statement of the condition of the doeJeet of American
Claims vs. Mexico, January 31, 1873.
Total number of claims docketed 1,018
Number decided, 260:
Numberawarded  53
Number dismissed   198
Number consolidated  9
  260
Number undecided  758
Statement of the amount of Awards in favor of the
United States ana against Mexico.
Gold $154,197 06
United States currenoy  226,509 74
Total principal  380,706 80
Add approximate amount of interest  215,000 00
Total principal and interest approxi-
mately   $595,706 80
Note.—Of the undecided eases on tho American
dooket, one hundred and fifteen arise out of sub-
stantially the same state of facts, and arc generic-
ally known as the "La Paz prisoners cases," while
one hundred and thirty-eight others have no memo-
rials filed, and show no signs of prosecution.
The " La Paz prisoners cases" were disposed of, so
far as tho American commissioner is conoerned, by
an opinion written by him in July last.
Mechanical Industry.
SPEECH OF HON. J. E. STEVENSON,
op ohio,
In the House op Representatives,
March 3, 1873,
On the bill (II. R. No. 3421) to encourage mechanical
industry.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, some
time since I had the honor on behalf of an
industrial association to introduce a bill for
their benefit. It is House bill No. 3421, to
encourage mechanical industry. The title,
.which expresses its object, is an argument for
its passage. Whatever thoughts may linger in
the scholarly mind among the " learned pro-
fessions" touching labor in general, however
ancient clerical prejudices may warp the secret
inclination of men bred without putting their
hands to the plow or to any toil, yet all must
agree that the major part of that general pros-
perity and comfort which modern society
enjoys, of that advancement in material civil-
ization and development of which we boast, is
due to " mechanical industry."
"To the workers in metals" aa much as to
any other class of men we owe our advanced
and advancing eivilization, and among these
chiefly to the workers in iron, the master metal.
Imagine the world suddenly as by sorcery de-
prived of iron in all its manifold forms and
uses; how suddenly and hopelessly would it
lapse, plunge into barbarism. We cau scarcely
understand how barbarians can live without it.
The purpose of this bill is to enable work-
ers in iron to improve their condition in life
by lawful association and cooperation. They
appeal to us for recognition and assistance.
They do not ask bounty or favor, though
they might do so with far better reason than
others to whom we give gratuities ; they only
ask for a national charter under which they
may organize and apply their own means
to mutual encouragement and assistance. If
there be any special objection to particular
features of the measure we are willing to
hear them, and anxious to adapt it to the views
of Congress. Those asking the charter do not
seek to dictate terms; they ask .only such a
law as will secure their general object, and
propose this bill as a basis. They desire a
national charter because their voluntary un-
chartered association is already national and
its objects and operations are national.
They a«k that the mantle of the law may
be extended over them. Faithful to the Re-
public, and to its Constitution and laws, in
great part soldiers of the Union, and alto-
gether true republicans and law-abiding citi-
zens, they are anxious to conform in all things
to the laws of the land and to proceed by their
authority.
The main question for us to consider is
whether we will encourage this spirit among
the people, or whether we will cast them off
and throw them back, upon themselves, com-
pelling them in self defense to form and rely
upon voluntary, unchartered, unauthorized,
if not unlawful associations and combinations,
to protect themselves and each other against
combined capital, monopolized money, which
tend to undue exaction of labor.
The two elements of production are labor
and capital. Labor is the human element;
capital the material, the dead constituent. Why
should we, the Representatives of the people,
the law-makers of a Republic where the citi-
zen is sovereign and the vast majority of citi-
zens are "working men," why should we
grant favors, charters, privileges, immunities,
monopolies, subsidies to capital, and refuse
legal recognition to labor? This is a mystery.
It cau be solved only by recalling the fact that
we are descended from a monarchy founded
on rank and monopoly, and we derive our
traditions and legislative and judicial habits
and customs from our queenly mother across
the sea. And these habits are kept in exercise
by capital which is continually asking boons
of Congress.
You will find on our files hundreds of bills
in favor of capital, it may be two or three pro-
posing such benefits as this offers to labor.
Capital cries give, give; labor patiently bides
the time when the Republic shall come to an
understanding of the foundations on which it
rests.
Whether we shall develop into a more per-
fect Government " ofthe people, by the people,
for the people," or into an imperial confed-
eracy, depends mainly on the recognition to
be accorded to theintelligentdemands of labor
for such relaxation of the laws and customs as
will'enable those who toil to develop more and
more their intellectual and moral natures.
The masses of the people are and must be de-
pendent on labor for subsistence. If they are
to be compelled by tho laws or by society to
toil from sun to sun for the bare necessaries of
life, without time or opportunity for self-
improvement, then they are no freemen—they
are slaves to circumstance. It cannot be said
that there is no present need for assistance
to workingmen. There is always need. From
the dawn of history labor has been struggling
for freedom, dignity, manhood, and these are
now but coming to view. All admit the worthi-
ness of labor, but many fear its power; capital
watches jealously every advancing step of her
ancient bondsman, well knowing he should be
her equal if not her master ; and society bows
down to capital, and would deliver labor into
her hands.
Sir, this unnatural, unrepublican condition
of things cannot last. The millions who eat
their bread by the sweat of their brow will
not always allow their Government to be used
against them and in favor of their opponent.
We must either harmonize the differences ex-
isting and increasing between labor and cap-
ital or take our stand on the side of the
people, by the side of labor, recognizing its
sovereignty, its humanity, its divinity, and
enlisting in its cause. He is not a mere
poet, he is also a philosopher, who says—
" Wouldst thou know the greatest wonder-worker's
name,
'Tis labor, the deliverer of man-
Labor alone makes man a genuine man.
Through busy, thoughtful, and clear purposed toil
A man grows clear in heart."
Clearly the natural effect of healthy, intelli-
gent labor is to elevate and ennoble men, and
those who labor and think cannot be kept
