1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBI.
1483
tiong as to exemption from taxation, and,'
among other things, not to tax bounty lands.-
There would have been little propriety,, in
1886,'of making a contract identical with that
made in 1803. Mississippi was admitted into
the Union- in 1817. It was agreed by-tbe-
United States that the two per cent." should
be applied to the making of a road'or roads
leading to the said State, under the direction
of Congress.'' Alabama was admitted in 1819
with that identical provision. The United
States did not apply the two per cent, toward
building a road leading to Mississippi or Ala-
bama, and consequently paid them the money
Mr. MORTON. Missouri was another
State.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have not stated
Missouri. Theorganiclawfor Missouri, which
was passed in 1820, provided that two per
cent, of the net proceeds of the sales of lands
within that State should be " applied to defray-
ing. under the direction of Congress, the ex-
penses to be incurred in making a road or
roads, canal or canals, leading to the said
State." Congress did not spend any of the
two per cent, for Missouri, and consequently
gave Missouri the money.
So we have the State of Louisiana, where
they had levees, Arkansas and Michigan, where
they were to expend the money for internal
improvements themselves, and Mississippi,
Alabama, and Missouri, where the United
States agreed to build roads to them and did
not, and consequently surrendered the two per
cent. Their cases are said to be like the cases
presented by Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
Mr. MORTON. Now, with the Senator's
permission, I will say a word. There were
nine of these States altogether. In the ease
of three of them, Louisiana, Arkansas, and
Miehigan, five per cent, of the proceeds was
to be paid to the States, and they got the
whole of it.
Mr. FR1LINGHUYSEN. For a specific
purpose.
Mr. MORTON. And they were themselves
to apply it. Then there were six States with
which the Government made this bargain,
namely, Missouri, Mississippi, Alabama, Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois. There were specific
acts of Congress passed refunding to Missis-
sippi and Alabama the two per cent. In the
case of Mississippi in' 1857—I read the con-
cluding section of the act—after providing
for paying back to Mississippi her two per
cent., the second section of the act reads
thus:
"That the said Commissioner shall also state an
account between the United States and each of the
other States upon the same principles, and shall
allow and pay to each State such amount as shall
thus be found due, estimating all lands ana pertna-
nent reservations at $1 25 per acre.
The Government pays back to Alabama and
Mississippi by express enactment, the two per
cent., and then says in conclusion that the
Commissioner of the General Land Office shall
state an account between the Government and
the other States. What other States were
there? There were four of them, Missouri,
Ohio, Illinois, and Indiana, just four left; and
here is a declaration that makes it unnecessary
to pass any more specific acts, requiring the
Commissioner to state an account between the
United States and the other States. What
other States ? Those that had made a similar
contract, that were in a like situation, who
had given up the two per cent, fund for a par-
ticular purpose; and here was an agreement
under which Indiana claimed the two per cent.,
and so did Ohio and Illinois and Missouri;
and Missouri got it; but from some misunder-
standing on the part of the accounting othcers,
the account never was stated ia regard to
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. By the terms ot
that law it ought to have been stated, because
they were " the other States." It did not say
"the other States," meaning Missouri alone,
but "the other States," all in the same posi-
tion, all with whom the Government had made'
the same kind of a contract that it made with
the State of Mississippi > "'* ' •
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN; My friend has
put his argument.into-my remarks,-t(> Which I'
have no objection.: It: is perfectly agreeable,
for I have no interest in this subject except-Bo
get at the truth. I certainly am not a partisan
against these three noble States.- It is true,
as my - friend says, that there are Six States,
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Mississippi, Missouri,
and Alabama, with each of which the United
States Government made a compact that the
United States-Government was to hold two per
cent, of the land proceeds to-construct-roads
leading from the ■ Atlantic to those States re-
spectively. For the three States,'Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois, the U-nited States Government
spent nearly seven millions, did apply the trust
fund toward the construction of those roads,
and put $6,000,000 out of the public Treasury
alongside of it. For the- other three States
with whom a like contract was made, Mis-
sissippi, Missouri, and Alabama, the United
States Government entirely failed to fulfill its
contract, built no road, never spent a farthing
of money, and consequently did pay them
back the two per cent. That is one point
of my friend's argument; I will now follow
him to the construction of the' statute of 1855.
In the'State of Alabama there were Indian
reservations under several treaties with the
Chickasaws, the Choctaws, and the Creeks ;
and inasmuch as these reservations could
not be sold, inasmuch as no two per cent,
could be realized from their value, it was not
considered honest and fair on the part of the
United' States that the State of Alabama
should have no benefit as to those acres, as
to this two per cent., and therefore the United
States Government directed in 1855, March 2,
that these reservations should be estimated as
worth $1 25 an acre, and that Alabama should
have the benefit of the two per cent, on that
valuation. That is the statute of 1855. I will
read it:
" That the Commissioner of the General Land
Office be, and he is hereby, required to state an
account between the United States and.the State oi
Alabama, for the purpose of ascertaining what ram
or sums of money are due- to said State, heretofore
unsettled under the sixth section ot an act of March
2. 1819, for the admission- of Alabama into tlie
Union"—
State an account to find out what sum was
due that State under the contract—
" and that he be required to include in said account
the several reservations under the various treaties
with the Chickasaw, Choctaw, and Creek Indians
within the limits of Alabama, and allow and pay to
the said State five per cent, thereon, as in case ot
other sales."
The Commissioner of the General Land
Office was required to state an account with
Alabama to see what sum was due her, and in
the stating of that account to consider these
reservations as worth $1 25 an acre. Will
any one pretend under that statute that if the
General Government had paid the State of
Alabama the whole two per cent., or if the
United States had built the road according to
the contract, the amount which had been ex-
pended for Alabama would not have been
charged against her in the stating of that
account? What is the stating of an account
but ascertaining what is due—the balance due?
There were two ideas in that statute: to find
out what the balance due was, and to give
Alabama credit for the Indian reservations,
two per cent, on all the land estimated as it
it had been sold at. $1 25 an acre.
Then, after that statute was passed, it was
learned that in the State of Mississippi there
were lands acquired by Indians under the
treaty of 1836, and Congress passed a statute
in 1857 for Mississippi just like, the other one.
Then comes the section which my triend has
read:
• • And be it farther enacted. That the said Commis-
sioner shall also state an account between the Uni-
ted States and each of the other States upon the
same principles, and shall allow and pay to each
State such amount as shall thus be found due, esti-
mating all lands and permanent reservations at $1 25
per acre." '
The Commissioner of the General Land
Office does state an account on the'same prin-
ciples with the States' of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois. What are those principles: The
account is to be stated; they are to be charged
with what has been paid them or what has
been expended for them under the contract;
and if there are any reservations those lands'
are to be estimated at $1 25'an acre. That is
the only construction. Why, to say that these
States have got a claim on the Treasury because
money was paid to Alabama, Missouri, and
Mississippi, when there is no similarity in their
cases, would be to say that to make another
equation we must go on and build roads'for
those three States.
Mr. MORTON. I would ask how theaccqunt
was stated between Missouri and the Govern-
ment under that section, taking tie Sena-tor's
construction of it. I understand him fo say
that there were over $700,000 expended in
the State of Illinois in the construction of a
toad." ' '
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No doubt about
that—$742,000. " '
Mr. MORTON. Then it was expende^'in
the construction of a road to Missouri. The
contract with Missouri was that the money
was to be expended in constructing a road to
Missouri, not across Missouri, and the Gov-
ernment did expend $700,000 in the State of
Illinois in constructing a road to Missouri.
Now, on the Senator's principle, Missouri was
not entitled to a cent, because the Government
had expended three quarters of a million of
dollars in constructing a road to Missouri,
across the state of Illinois, and yet the Gov-
ernment paid Missouri under that very section.
She spent money in constructing a road to
Indiana. The contract with Indiana was that
the money was to be expended in constructing
a road to Indiana. She did expend money in
constructing a road to Indiana, but she never
completed it. She did expend money in con-
structing a, road to Missouri, but she never
completed it. Missouri has been paid, and
Indiana has not been. Now, will the Senator
explain it ? , „
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Very easily, Mr.
President.
Mr. MORTON. Very well; that is what I
want.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. In the State of
Illinois $742,000 was expended in building a
road there in that State for every farmer in the
State to ride over, increasing the value of
every farmer's land, probably one hundred per
cent. All that she claims is $400,000. ' This
great internal improvement right within the
boundaries of the State was there constructed,
and bridges built and used ; and in the Sfate
of Missouri which had the same contract not
one dollar was ever expended.
Mr. MORTON. There was no contract to
expend a dollar in Missouri. It was in con-
structing a road to Missouri, and when it got
to the Mississippi river the contract was com-
nleted.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The argument
of my friend, to make the best of it, amounts
to this: that the Government was too liberal
with Missouri; but I think every Senator can
see how readily the case of Missouri, in which
there was not a dollar expended, is distin-
guishable from the case of Illinois in which
nearly twice the amount that the State claims
was expended for her benefit. I can see the
difference.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to inter-
rupt my friend from New Jersey ; but I call
bis attention to the fact, which is partly one
of anticipation and conjecture with me, that it
is to be argued that in Illinois there was^ m
truth no expenditure upon this road, nothing
done except a survey made, no grading even
