1484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
of a road, no work commenced. I wish before
this Senator passes,away from that point he
would make some observation upon it.
; $r; FRJ3LINGil UYSEN. That is a fact
of history, which it is difficult for me to state.
I been informed, I think by one of tlie
Senators from. Illinois, that the road in that
St^kte was so far constructed that.bridges were
Injijt, and that although it was very far from
hej^g, perfect it was a rdad that was used and
ojyjreat service. There will of course be no
djfiSrjfpce between us as to the question of
It is undoubtedly true that this great
amount of 'money, this seven millions, was
expended' in building a road to it, and that
$242,'000 was expended in the State and that
therroad was used.
Mr. CONK.LING. How does the fact that
$742,000 were expended in the State of Illi-
nois appear?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That appears
by the accounts from the Land Office. . It
appears from the statement put forward by
the promoters of this bill, a copy of which
I think my friend has before him. So there is
no question of figures between the promoters,
and :those of as who do not think the bill
ought to pass. Those facts which I have
stated there is no difference between us about.
^[r. LOGAN. I should like just here to
ask the Senator a question. Suppose the law
t0> be, according to his construction and inter-
pretation, that the road was to be built to the
State, would he then understand the law to
give this two per cent, back to the State if the
road was not built through the State? That
is the reasoning he seems ta use in reference
to Missouri. Is that the construction of the
law?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President, it
is enough for us in the brief time that we have
here to discuss subjects that are before us. I
have no hesitation in saying that if the money
is expended in building a road to the State,
aad is also expended in building it in the State,
whatever the facts might be as to other cases,
those two facts concurring there is no question
that the Government as a trustee has applied
the $400,000 according to the trust.
Mr. LOGAN. This, however, is a question
as to the construction of a statute; and that is
the ground of the bill before the Senate now.
As to the construction of the statute passed in
reference to Alabama, Mississippi, and Mis-
souri, the point I wish to direct the Senator's
attention to is this: that statute was so con-
strued in.reference to Missouri that the Gov-
ei;nn>eut paid Missouri because no labor was
performed in the State of Missouri, according
to the Senator's argument. Now, if because
no labor was performed in the State on a
road in it, you give tie fund to a State, and
exclude a State from it because labor is per-
formed there, would not the same reasoningin
reference to a contract between the State and
the Government bring our minds to the con-
clusion that if the labor was performed within
a State the road must be completed in order to
earry out the contract on the part of the Gov-
ernment?
The reasoning seems to strike me that if
you make a road to a State, the law means
you must complete the road to the State;
not merely dig up a few holes somewhere,
but complete it to the State. If that is the
reasoning of the gentleman, on that rule where
the roads were not completed, the States
would be entitled to the two per cent., and if
they were completed to the State, the State
would be entitled if they were not completed
through it. That is the Senator's reasoning
as I understand him. Am I not correct?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No. I will
answer my friend 
Mr. LOGAN. I do not want an answer; I
only want to know what the Senator means.
I may be so obtuse that I cannot understand,
but really that strikes me as the conclusion
the mind must come to from the reasoning of
the Senator.  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. My friend is
not obtuse at all, but he is Very faithful to his
State, If I should make any criticism upon
it, it would be that he was endeavoring to con-
found a<nd eonfuse my inexperience in debate
by his questions.
My friend is of course in error in one thing.
It is not by virtue of the construction of the
statute Of 1857 that Missouri gets her two
per cent. ; and that is his whole point. The
facts of that case are these: Missouri having
by an act of her Legislature of November 19,
1857, appropriated the two per cent, to the
construction of certain railroads in the State,
and Congress having expended none of the
fund for a national road to Missouri, we
assented to her act by our act of February,
1859, and relinquished that fund to the State.
It was by another act that the State of Missouri
was refunded her two per cent.; and I do not
see that the question is important as to how
far the road was completed, whether it was a
mere digging of holes here and there, as my
friend describes it, which cost this Govern-
ment seven millions of money, inasmuch as
the contract between the Government and the
States was that the holes were to be dug ac-
cording to the discretion of Congress. Mr.
President, it is a matter of history that that
Cumberland road did more for the nation,
more for the West than any expenditure that
was ever made. And here in passing I would
notice a remark of the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] that the States were bur-
dened by the exemption from taxation of the
lands sold by the Government. Why, that
very remission of taxation for five years tended
to build up the West and to increase the value
of all their property to an amount equal cer-
tainly to the loss by the exemption from taxa-
tion.
But, Mr. President, I am spending more
time upon this subject than I had any inten-
tion of doing. I should like to have had a
little time to arrange my thoughts, and I may
at some other time, if this subject passes away,
give farther consideration to it.
Mr. LOGAN. Before the Senator takes his
seat there is one point in reference to which
I would like him to give his views. He speaks
of this compact with the new States having
tended to the great development of the West.
I should like him to answer this question: if
the States of Illinois, Ohio, and Indiana, or
either of them, withheld taxation from lands
sold by the General Government for five years,
and the Government got $1 25 an acre for
those lands, was it not to the benefit of the
United States directly, because the withhold-
ing of taxation by the State induced persons
to pay the Government for the land for the
reason that the land was not subject to taxa-
tion for five years?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is no
doubt about that.
Mr. LOGAN. Then it was on the part of the
Government that the Government made this
contract with the States for its own benefit and
it agreed to give the five per cent, to the State
wherever the State would withhold taxation
so as to encourage persons entering on the
land and paying the money into the Treasury
of the United States. That was the agree-
ment and that was the inducement, not for the
State but for the General Government.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is no
doubt that the Senator from Illinois is per-
fectly correct. It is no more possible to do
an injury to one of those three gallant States,
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, without doing
damage to the General Government, than it,
would be possible to cut off my right hand
without doing damage to my body. Their in-
terests are identical. This remission of tax-
ation was a benefit to the General Government
inasmuch as it facilitated the sale of the pub-
lic lands, and it was a, benefit to these three
States inasmuch as it increased the value of
property. , .
There i3 one remark which was made by
the Senator from Illinois, who is not now in
his seat, [Mr. Trumbull,] tothin effect: that
the new States now receive this five per cent,
without any exemption of lands from taxation.
That is very true, Mr. President. But take
the strongest case that can be put; the argu-
ment is that the new States receive as they do
the five per cent, and do not exempt the land
from taxation ; but do the hew States receive
a bounty of $7,000,000 toward constructing
roads to them? If they could show that that
was the policy of this country toward the new
States, then with some propriety might they
allege the fact that the new States receive the
five per cent, as a reason why these three States
should.
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator says these States
received a bounty of $7,000,000 by the con-
struction of the Cumberland road. Now, does
the Senator not know that the construction of
this road by the General Government was for
the purpose of bringing its lands into market
that it might obtain $1 25 for the lands and
that the five per cent, was given to the States
to withhold taxation and for its own benefit,
that it might have a way for persons to move
toward the land and pay money for it into the
Treasury of the United States. When he talks
about a bounty to States, it is an argument
that has no basis whatever ; it was for no such
purpose.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Log an] is a
little in error in speaking about five per cent.
The United States Government never withheld
five per cent. Three per cent of this five per
cent, was, immediately after the contract was
made, relinquished to the States, and the whole
question comes down to a question of two per
cent. My argument is—and I think it is a
just one—that it would not produce equality
in dealing with the States for the Govern-
ment to pay this two per cent, to the three
States named, even although we suffer the new
States to retain the whole five per cent. It 1
said "bounty" I intended nothing by that ex-
pression for the reason that this expenditure
was not made for those States. This expend-
iture, whether the motive was the benefit of
the nation or the States, was under a contract
as to how this trust fund should be applied.
Mr. PRATT. Beforethe Senator takes his
seat I should like to ask him a question. The
Senator referred to the act of March 3, 1857,
'* to settle certain accounts between the Uni-
ted States and the State of Mississippi and
other States," and he read the second section
of that act, which is as follows :
" That the said Commissioner shall also state an
account between the United States and each of the
other States udod the same principles, and shall
allow and pay to each State such amount as shall
thus be found due, estimating all lands and perma-
nent reservations at $1 25 per acre."
Now, the question I wish to propound to
the honorable Senator is this: if Congres in-
tended at that time to charge these three
States, Ohio, Indiana, and llliuois, with the
moneys which had been expended in con-
structing the National road, why was there
not inserted a provision here that the Commis-
sioner in stating this account should charge
these States with the amount thus expended V
Mr. LOGAN. The statute only required
him to make an account as to the $1 25 an
acre for the land, not in reference to any
expenditure.
Mr. PRATT. That is all.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If my friend
asks me a question wishing an answer, I can
give it very easily to my own satisfaction though
this is a matter that 1 have been over before.
lh<; statute of 1855 provides in this language ;
'] That the Commissioner of the General Land
Onice be, and he is hereby, required to stat<; au
