184
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1%
Senate.
Louisiana—Mr. Bayard.
42  Cong....3d Sbss.
down; either they must cease thinking, or
they will rise. If Governments will resist the
natural appeal of intelligent labor, t'ney mast
crush it by main force. This a republic can-
not do without ceasing to be a republic. This
no true republican would wish to do or to see
done. If we will not, cannot interfere against
labor, shall we stand idle spectators of an
impending struggle, doing nothing to prevent
it, nothing to aid our natural friends; not
even so much as we have done and are doing
for their antagonists?
I would not be an alarmist, but observers
most experienced warn us that the contest of
last year between employers and employes
over the question of wages and division of
profits is to be renewed. The cost of that
struggle to production, and consequently to
labor and capital, to the common wealth of
the country, can only be estimated by mil-
lions; probably $20,000,000 would not cover
it. Are such scenes to be annually renewed ?
Is there to be no mediator? Are the cupidity
of capital and the spirit of labor to fight it
out every summer until accident or exhaustion
shaU give temporary victory to one side or the
otker? Such victory can be but transient,
and its effects abide only until opportunity
and strength concur for fresh exertion.
By granting moderate and reasonable char-
tered privileges to industrial associations we
may euable their members to improve their
condition and promote their own happiness.
Thus may we place legal barriers between
these antagonists; thus may we abate at
once those dangers which threaten the work-
ing classes and their zeal of resistance. Such
measures are peace offerings. They are the
substitution of law for force, of adjudication
for violence, of arbitrament for arms.
Half the complaint of labor against society
is that capital has seduced the law to take her
side in this eternal contest; and so far the
complaint is just. Let us remove this much
ground and half the dissatisfaction will dis-
appear with its cause.
Let labor and capital stand upon equal
ground, ^nd they may soon find their mutual
interest in peaceful if not in friendly relations.
Nature has made them so far dependent on
each other that if one cannot subject the
other they must cooperate. Labor cannot Bub-
sist without capital. Capital were worthless,
and hence not capital without labor. Neither
could exist without the other. Let them be
taught to behold each other as free and equal,
and respect each other's rights, and there will
be peace between them and prosperity for all.
When we can say of them—
" They know no master, and acknowledge none:
They know no slave, and they acknowledge none,
we shall see the problem of capital and labor
in process of solution. Then She balances of
justice will swing freely and weigh correctly
the worth of each contribution to the common
store of production, and award to each the
proportion of profits.
It is idle to deny that there is cause of com-
plaint. Thousands of men do not move with-
out reason. Millions do not strike with a
moving cause. The toiling masses do yet
labor literally for bread. They can scarcely be
said to live by their labor, they do but subsist,
some only survive. Nay, many perish, thou-
sands die, and population fails for want of
adequate reward of labor. This is so in the
best regulated States; and in the worse it is
worse and werse, till in the worst it is unbear-
able, unrecitable. Diseases are not to be cured
by denying their existence or their causes. The
true physician searches for the fact and deals
with it faithfully. Let the legislator do the
same.
The laboring masses of Europe are restive
and unhappy under Governments and forms of
society Which restrain and oppress them. They
look to America as a refuge. They are asso-
ciated in unions. Let us legalize associations
of laborers, and we thereby extend to the masses
abroad an earnest of sympathy, an invitation,
and a welcome to our shores.
This immigration of industrious people is
better for us than gold and corn and cotton and
iron. It is the greatest addition we can make
to eur possessions and power.
There may be some who fear to adopt any
measure having the word " international,"
lest something in the* name might bring us
harm. I care not for that word ; it was in the
dictionary before the people of Prance and
other European countries, blinded by oppres-
sion, used and abused it. With their aspira-
tions for liberty and equality before the law,
with their hatred of ana resistance to tyranny,
with their courage and heroic endurance, I
sympathize ; but excesses done in their name
1 deplore. Arson and assassination 1 abhor,
by whomsoever done and in whatever cause.
Civilization has no need of crime to accom-
plish any of her ends. But for the satisfaction
of all doub,ts I have the means of showing that
the iron molders of America are not in any
wise connected with the "internationals," and
are therefore not entitled to any honor or blame
which may be justly awarded to that associa-
tion.
The following resolutions were adopted by
the last convention of the Iron Molders' Inter-
national Union, assembled at Troy, New York,
July 10, 1872:
" Whereas the great makers of publio opinion, the
1 press anil the pulpit,' have, during the past year,
condemned trade unions and their members as be-
ing controlled by tho 'international 'of Karopo; and
whereas such assertions, although both unjust and
untrue, are calculated to draw from trade unions the
sympathy of tho general public, and otherwise work
injury to the various trade unions: Therefore,
"Be it resolved. That the Iron Molders' In terna-
tional Union, composed olthe molders of the United
States and Canada only, denounce any and all
assertions that they owo any allegiance, or are in
any manner connectod with the international of
Europe, as wilfully and maliciously false.
"Revolved, That the Iron Moulders' International
Union is purely an Amorican institution, having tor
its object the olevation, mentally, morally, and
financially, of the molders of Auiorioa.
"Mesolved, That while we will extend a. welcome
to our foreign craftsmen, we shall expect of them to
throw off all allegianco to foreign trade unions, be-
lieving, as we do, that the molders and other me-
chanics in America are fully competent, through
their own organizations, to protect and elevate
their respective trades.
"Resolved, That the 'press' generally be re-
quested to give as great publioity to these resolu-
tions as they have given statements at variance
herewith.
"Adopted."
The same convention adopted the following
resolutions:
"Resolved, That in the judgment of thisconvention.
early action should be taken to incorporate the I.
M. I. U., and for this purpose the board of trustees,
including the president, shall constitute the com-
mittee on charter.
"And belt further resolved. That said committee
shall petition the Congress of the United States for a
charter for the I. M. I. U."
In pursuance of the above resolutions the
pending bill was prepared and presented. Let
us consider it in a spirit of kindness and if it
be not what it should be, let us make it so, and
then adopt it. Let us at least exhibit our dis-
position to aid those who would help them-
selves to higher and better lives, and to nobler
and more useful citizenship.
A bill to encourage mechanical industry.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That William Saffin, of Cincinnati, Ohio;
land; George H. Kimball, of Jersey City, New
Jersey; Walker Cunningham, of Wheeling, West
Virginia: F. H. Mercer, of Evansville, Indiana;
James Gorman, of Chicago, Illinois; Conrad Meters,
of St. Louis, Missouri; Charles A. Gibson, of Rich-
mond, Virginia: John Kenigan. of Louisville, Ken-
tucky ; Andrew Bevan, of Memphis, Tennessee;
Philip Dillon, of Savannah. Georgia; R, B., Wesson,
of Water Valley, Mississippi; George J. bohwabble,
of Leavenworth, Kansas; Dame! Lincoln, of Vir-
ginia City, Nevada; W. H. Kydd, of Detroit. Mich-
igan; A.C. Woodcock, of Keokuk, Iowa; DanielB,
Foley, of Milwaukee, Wisconsin 5 Charles Holla-
bird. of Omaha, Nebraska; Patrick J.Barton, of
St. Paul, Minnesota, and their associates ana suc-
cessors, do, and aro hereby, created an incorporation
by tho name and title of tho Iron Molders Inter-
national Union, and by such name and title they
shall have perpetual succession, and shall be capable
ofsueing and being sued, impleading: and being
impleaded, and of granting and receiving, in its
corporate name, property, real, personal, and mixed,
and of using said property and the proceeds and
income thereof for the objects of said corporation as
herein defined. , . . _ .
Skc. 2. That the object and purpose of said incor-
poration shall be to aid its membors to become more
skillful and efficientas iron molders, to elevate their
character as men, tho protection of their individual
rights in tho prosecution of thoir trade, to promote
their general intplligenco, to raise funds for the
benefit of sick or disabled membors, and to aia
tho families of deceased members; but the interna-
tional union shall have j>ower to prescribe general
rules and regulations for the disbursement of all
funds raised in pursuance of the provisions of this
^Sso. 3. That the officers of the international union
shall consist of a president, four vice presidents,-re-
cording secretary, and treasurer, and such other
officers as may be necessary to earry'out the objects
for which the society is formed, the president and
four vice presidents to constitute a board of trus-
tees. Tho duties and powers of all officers shall be
defined by the international union, which shall also
prescribe their mode of election and term of offace.
Skc. 4. That the said Iron Molders'International
Union shall have power to make and establish such
constitution, rules, and bylaws as it may deem
proper to carry out the objects of this incorporation,
and the game to alter, amend, add to, or repeal, at
pleasure. _ . , .
Sko.5. Thatthelron Molders'International Union
shall havo power to grant charters for the purpose
of organizingsub-unions in any State of the United
States and the Territories, or in any other country;
and all sub-unions organized under the interna-
tional union shall have power to purchase, hold, or
dispose of such real or personal property as may be
needed to carry on their business, as provided for in
this act; and the international union and all sub-
unions shall have power to require all officers hold-
ing places of trust to execute bonds, with approved
sureties, for the safe-keeping and paying over to
their respective unions, whenever directed by them
all moneys belonging to their respective unions in
their keeping and under their control.
Skc. 6. That the headquarters of the Iron Mold-
ers' International Union are located in the city of
Cincinnati, Ohio.
Seo. 7. That this act shall take effect from and
after its passage.
J)anCe Vi'Vvj w w - - T — - -
mento,'California: John 1". Leahy, of Little Falls,
New York; Peter J. Meaney, of Brooklyn, jSew
York; John Daly, of Albany, New York; rhomaj
Kellev. of Chicago, Illinois; James Ciimmmgs, of
Trov. Now York; Charles N. Patrick, ol Chelsea,
Massachusetts; W. H. Hathaway, of Pawtuckot,
"Rhode Island; David Neaglo, of Bridgeport, Con-
necticut; Samuel B. Baldwin, of Pittsburg, ^Penn-
sylvania; Samuel Mclarland, of Baltimore, Mary-
Louisiana.
SPEECH OF HON. T. F. BAYARD,
of delaware,
In the Senate of the United States,
February 27, 1873.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(S. No. 1621) to establish a government in the State
of Louisiana republican in form—
Mr. BAYARD said:
Mr. President: No other Senator than he$
who Kas just spent an entire day in demon-
strating with force and brilliancy the utter
falsity of a proposition and ended his debate
by recording his vote in its favor, eonld have
been capable of the coolness, not to say ef-
frontery or audacity which has just been ex-
hibited by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Carpenter,] in turning to Democratic mem-
bers of this body, and seeking to place upon
their shoulders the responsibility for the defeat
of a measure which the Senator has just aided
in loading down with an amendment reciting
facts proven by himself to be false, and includ-
ing results full of outrage, injustice, and usurp-
ation of control in the affairs of the unhappy
people.of Louisiana.
Sir, the Democratic Senators have through-
out this long day and night carefully abstained
