1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
185
42b Cong....3d Sess.
Louisiana—Mr. Bayard.
"Senate.
from uttering a word that might even tend to
prevent a practical and moderate measure of
relief to (the people of Louisiana and they
have abstained from speaking until the end
of the debate, when a vote of the Senate has
shown that it was intended—as must have been
intended from the first—to make this the occa-
sion of another mere partisan triumph, de-
spite the claims for fair and just treatment of
the unhappy people against whom this bill is
directed, despite every limitation that the Con-
stitution of the United States was intended to
place upon the powers of Cougress, not to men-
tion the appeals of common sense and simple
justice so strongly urged by the admitted con-
dition of the community whose affairs are now
under consideration.
Mr. President, I have the most earnest
sympathy for the condition of the people of
Louisiana of all races. I believe them to be
the victims of misgovernment in a dreadful
degree. I desired in the most practical man-
ner to find some relief for them. If that
measure could have been discovered I would
have supported it, if my constitutional duty
was not to be transcended; or, if unable so to
vote, I would not have said one word; but,
as I said before, I and those associated with
me in party relations here would have abstained
from taking any part in the debate which
might perchance awaken that violent party
animosity of which we have so often felt the
effects in this Chamber. Sir, I have learned
that a Democrat can scarcely advocate a meas-
ure in this body without jeoparding its success
with the dominant majority. I would be too
glad if some practical measure for the relief
of these people could have been suggested,
something to save them from the insolent,
brutal, unwarranted assumption ofmartial con-
trol over them by the President of the United
States in order to compel their submission to
a corrupt and factious minority against whom
the popular voice of Louisiana declared itself
in November last.
Sir, this committee cannot now deny the
conclusions and facts stated in their own
' report. The Republican, party, whom they
represent, cannot go back of their report or
of the facts they have placed before the coun-
try ; and coupling those facts with the allega-
tions contained in the President's message, I
cannot allow this debate to close without a
most earnest protest both against the assump-
tion of power claimed by the President and
the character of the measure which Congress
is undertaking to enact into law.
Louisiana had a government in form such
as it was, one of your "reconstructed" gov-
ernments, the fruit of your own growing, all
the men in power placed there by your hands.
If Warmoth and Kellogg be the disreputable
people your committee describe them to be,
(and I do not doubt it,)you gave them power,
you alone placed them there. If there was, as
the President of the United States says, "an
organized attempt on the part of those con-
trolling the election officers and returns to
defeat in that election the will of a majority
of the electors of the State;" if that was pos-
sible, it was made so only by the action and the
laws passed by your party. Warmoth was the
creature of radical legislation ; so was Kellogg.
If the people of this State have suffered at the
hands of either or both of these men or their
partisans, they may thank the party that made
it possible that two such rapacious adventurers
should hold power in that State.
Well do I remember lately when one of my
party associates on this floor, the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Blair,], was denouncing the
corruptions and political villainies of this very
man Warmoth, that an elaborate defense was
delivered by the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
West,] whose laudations of Warmoth at that
day are in strange contrast With his present
utterances. Sir, it is a plain fact before the
people of this country, certified by the report
of the committee, at .page 8, that there
was an election held in form of law on Novem-
ber i, 1872, in Louisiana; that there were
returns of that election; that those returns
still exist; that upon the face of those returns
is a majority for certain candidates ; that the
Governor of the State waa the lawftil ciistodian
of those returns; that he attempted to make
the canvass of those returns; that he was en-
joined by an order of the district judge of the
United States, who had no more right to issue
the order than yourself individually, sir. It
was a naked, bald case of flagrant usurpation;
it had not color of law in any way, except that
the individual who issued it held the office of
a judge. There is no man who can pretend,
who will venture the assertion, that there was
jurisdiction in that court and power vested in
that judge to issue such an order. The Sen-
ator from Indiana, in opening this debate, said
there were respectable and able lawyers on
this floor who would defend the act of Judge
Durell as a proper and legitimate exercise of
authority. Sir, that Senator does sometimes
make statements which I consider audacious ;
but even he never made a more audacious
statement than that.
Who is the Senator, who is the lawyer, what
member of the bar is so lost to his sense of
responsibility and justice to bis profession as
to venture to say. that Judge Durell ever had
one scintilla of lawful authority to issue the
injunction or restraining order which he did
to prevent the canvass of those returns? No
one in this Chamber has said it, to my knowl-
edge ; I trust, for the credit of the Chamber
and the profession of which I am a member,
that no one will say it. Certain it is that lan-
guage fails to exceed the scorn, the condemn-
ation, which this committee by their words
(words in which the Senator from Indiana
himself has joined,) have attached to the ac-
tion of Durell in this case. Listen to their
language at page 9 of their report:
"We now oome to the saddest obapter in this
melancholy business: the interference of Federal
authority with the affairs of the State of Louis-
iana."
At page 17:
" It is impossible to oonoeive of a more irregular,
illegal, and in every way inexousable aot on the part
of the judge."
At page 27:
" Viewed in any light in whioh your committee
can consider them, the orders and injunctions made
and granted by Judge Durell in t,hia cause are most
reprehensible, erroneous in point of law, and wholly
void for want of jurisdiction: and your committee
must express their sorrow and humiliation that a
judge of the United States should have proceeded
in such flagrant disregard of his duty, and have so
far overstepped the limits of Federal jurisdiction."
At page 28:
"But for the interference of Judge Durell in the
matter of this State election, a matter wholly
beyond his jurisdiction, the MoBnery government
would to-day have been the de facto government
of the State. Judge Durell .interposed the Army
of the United States between the people of Louis-
iana and the only government which has the sem-
blance of regularity, and the result of this has been
to establish the Kellogg, so far as that State has
now any government."
At page 43:
"And your committee cannot refrain from ex-
pressing their astonishment that any judge of the
United States should thus unwarrantably have
interfered with the State government, and know no
language too strong to express their condemnation
of such a proceeding."
The Senator from California' [Mr. Cas-
serly] has said there were certain reasons
why Senators should not declare their opin-
ions at this time in Judge Durell's case ; but
it is proper, and indeed it is necessary, to
refer to the language of the committee. That
is the result of a regular investigation ; and,
as I say, no language can condemn with more
ioree, with more indignation, and more appar-
ent sincerity, the acts of Durell than that
employed by the entire committee.
Now, sir, if they would strive to shelter the
President of the United States under cover
of the abstract proposition that he cannot
sit as a judge upon the propriety of judicial
action elsewhere, my friend from California
has effectually disposed of that. It will not
do for a judge to issue an order of palpable
usurpation and glaringly void, and for the
President to ignore its illegality and naked
wrong, and make himself a party to a law-
less and revolutionary proceeding. Ignorant
though he may personally be, and no doubt is,
of law, and of civil government, yet he has
men around him selected for the purpose of
enlightening his want of knowledge and of
guiding his actions aright; and even granting
it to be possible that on the first blush of this
case he might not have had time to hesitate,
and therefore might have said, " I will sustain
this judge's order, because it has the name of
law," yet the shortest opportunity for reflec-
tion would have dissipated this shadowy pre-
tense of the exorcise of power. But General
Grant never had such an excuse. His law
officer, Attorney General Williams, had instant
and full, if not previous, knowledge of Durell'g
flagitious conduct, ind from first to last has
exhibited hot, indecent haste and rigor in sus-
taining it. And in my opinion there is not
one word of condemnation applied by the com-
mittee to the conduct of Durell that is not
equally applicable to the action of the Presi-
dent and his Attorney General.
But, sir, if the flimsy excuse offered for the
conduct of the President by his partisans in
this Chamber had in the inception of this mel-
ancholy business any .validity or force, it can
have none now. The message of the Presi-
dent was written on the 25th of February. At
that time all this testimony had been taken
and published; the reports of the committee
were before him. If he did not read them he
neglected his duty ; but he did know of them,
and he well knew that he had—and I will
give him the benefit of the presumption—that
he had in ignorance of the facts and of the
law sustained a shocking, outrageous, violent
usurpation by the judge of the United StatSs
district court in the State of Louisiana; that
the Government so called of Kellogg was a
sham and a fraud; that it never had existence
de jure or de facto; that it was the creature of
a usurpation practiced by Durell; that it
would never have existed for an hour if
Durell had not by his illegitimate act given it
the counterfeit stamp of judicial approval, and
then had it backed up by the ignorant act of
the President in supposing that he had any
such power as by force of arms alone and
without colorof law to make this a recognized
government or a recognizable government in
the State of Louisiana.
Sir, it is perfectly plain that, let the McEn-
ery government be defective as it may, it
would have been in the admitted, peaceable,
undisturbed possession of the functions of the
government of the State of Louisiana to-day,
and it would have been since last fall, but for
the act originated by Judge Durell and
promptly seconded by President Grant, ^ and
which now becomes the sole act of President
Grant himself, who now stands before the
American people the executor of a judicial
order confessedly void, and which lie now
knows to be void, and yet threatens to persist in.
What becomes of his oath "faithfully to
execute the office of President of the United
States" when thus he prostrates all law, and
enforces usurpation by military force?
Do not in the face of these facts talk to
Democrats about being responsible for the
passage of this act, or this condition of affairs
in Louisiana. You brought all this to pass;
your President brought it to pass. If there
