1873.
THE GONGRESSIOM.IL GLOBE.
uss
account between the United States and the State of
Alabama, for the purpose of ascertaining what sum
or sums of money'are 'due to said State, heretofore
unsettled under t}ie sixth seetion ot au ;k-;. <if March
2,1819, for the admission of Alabama."
Tliat is one thing that was to be done.
Now,. I understand that stating an account is
to find out how, much is due ; and if we tad
expended .half the sum for the State of Ala-
bama under the contract in building a road to
Alabama* I think the Commissioner of the
General. Land Office would have given the
United States credit for that half which we
had expended under the contract and would
have charged the United States with the other
half.
Mr. PRATT,. The Senator proceeds on
about the basis thai the Geaettal Government
bad expended , nothing whatever in coostruct-
ting roads either to Alabama or,to Mississippi.
In, the second section of the act of 1857 no
provision whatever is made for any set-off on
account of expenditures of the General Gov-
ernment. ....
Mr. FEE LIN GHU YSBN. Now I will
show my. friend his fallacy. We are not talk-
ing about facts ; we we talking about the
construction of words in a statute, and the
question whether the United States had or bad
pot expended anything for Alabama does .not
change the significance of the legal expression
of the statute. The espresakgi of the statute
is that ".the Commissioner of .the ,G§nieral
Land Office shall state an account and .ascer-
tain what sum or sums of money are due to
said State heretofore unsettled."
If the fact was that nothing had .been ex-
panded there was nothing to charge against her.
But the language of the statute is .not suscept-
ible of two interpretations; and then when
that language is extended Jo the State of
Indiana where the facts are different, where
the General Government had /expended money
for t^at,State,, the language applies, and the
Commissioner of the General Land Office is
bound to charge the State with "yvhat has been
spent for her; .and there is the answer to the
question which has beep put to me by my
friend from Indiana.
Mr. LOGAN. Here is ftp difficulty as to
the language of the statute: after .going on
about the Indian reservation within the limits
of Mississippi, speaking of Mississippi, ,and
directing the payment to that State,of "five
per cent, thereon as .in the case of other sales,
estimating the land at the value of $1 25 -per
acre." Then they follow >tbat, about pay-
ment " to the said State," with this language:
"That the said Commissioner shall also state an
account between the United States and eaefa of the
other States upon the same principles, and shall
allow and pay to each State such amount as shall
thus be found due."
That is the direct reason of the law.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I beg.my friends
pardon 
Mr. LOGAN. That is the way I read it
anyhow.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The language
of the law is this: that the Commissioner of
the General Land Office be " required ito in-
clude in said account the several reservations
under the various treaties with the Chickasaw,
Choctaw, and Creek Indians Within the limits
of Alabama, and allow and pay to the said
State five per cent, .thereon" pn the reserva-
tions, " as in the case of other sales," just the
same as if this land had been sold to individ-
uals ; that is, without the land being sold, the
land is to be considered as worth $1 26 an
acre, and they are to be allowed five per cent,
on it as in the case of other sales. And then
comes the next seetiou:
"And be it further enacted, That the said Oommis-
sioner shall also state an account between the United
States and each of the other States upon the same
principles, and shall allow and pay to each State
such amount as shall thus be founddue, estimating
all lands and permanent reservations at $125 per
acre."
Mr. LOGAN. Estimating the reservations
and other lands—all lands.
Mr.. PRATT. I wish to ask the Senator
from New jeraey ane question, The ho,no.i'a;ble
8enator has #.1 ready statedin his remarks that
the General Governrpn t,experided jn the con-
struction of ,|he Cumberland ro^d., within the
State of Indiana, $1^1.28,000,. Now, two per
cent, upon all the lands of the Government
and Indian reservations within the State of
Indian^ ig estimated upon this floor.at a little
upward of $400,.000s Jess by a considerable
sum thpn what has been expended in that
State.
Now;, hearing this state of fi(,cts in tpind, I
call the Senator's ^tteution again to the pro-
visions of this second section -of th^ apt of 1857.
The iCatnmissioner is not only, to state the
account between "the United States, and each
of the other States upon the Ssaw# principles,
but he .is .to "allow and pay ta each Stat? ;"
he is to allow and pay to Ludiaua, &>r example,
"such .amount as shall thus be found due."
Of course, it was known at tb^tt time that
$>1,128,000 bad besen expended on the Cmn-
berland rovl in the State of Indiana ; and yet
here js a provision made that in stating this
account the Commissioner shall allow and pay
such .a sujn to the State of Indiana. If the
Senator's construction of .this statute is right,
I b,eg him to explain how this should, have
happened that there .should have been an
^xjsuess provision made for .paying .over this
two per cept- fund to the State of Indiana
when it appeared that the General Govern-
ment had already expended twice or thrice
that amount in the State of Indiana.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There would be
a serious difficulty in the .question which my
friend puts if the statute read as he supposes
it by his argument to read. There woijid .he
serious difficulty in the questiou if the stat-
ute read, "that .the said .Commissioner shall
also state an account .between the United
States and Indiana on the same principles
and shall allow and pay to Indiana such
amount," as he in his .argument supposes to be
due. But that is -not the way that it does read,
ijot that my friend misread it; 1 am only statifog
the manner in which he, .by his argument,
proposes to .read it. The way it reads is thaf.
".the .said Commissioner shall also state an
account between the United States and each
of the other States," New Jersey, New York,
any State that it applies to 
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, no.
Mr. FRELINGUUYSEN. One minute;
I have the floor. JLt covers any State that it
applies to. When they are passing an act, do
the legislators stop to.go into an account to find
out whether the State of Illinois had credited
to it $700,000 against the $400,000, as it
claims, or .whether it was the other way? The
statute is general, and applies to any case
to which it is applicable, and if my friend will
look into the debate which occurred wheu that
section was under consideration in Congress
he will fiud that it was a general provision
put in on the floor by way of amendment.
But I do not wish to continue the .discussion.
Mr. MO-RTON. Mr. President, I think
there ought not to be any confusion growing
out of the proposition to state the account, as
stated by the Senator from New Jersey, and I
call his attention that all that is meant by stat-
ing the account or is expressed either in the
act in regard to Alabama, or in regard to Mis-
souri, is that the-Commissioner of the General
Land OSiee shall estimate the amount that two
per cent, comes to, treating the land as being
worth $1 25 an acre; and that is the whole of
it. Each act fixes the value of the land. It
shall be treated as if the Government had sold
it for $1 25 an acre, including the Indian res-
ervations ; and then the question was how much
does the two .per cent, come to upon this land
which the Government has sold at $1 25 an
acre. There was no set-off in the case. There
is nothing in either act which even points or
squints at a set-off. It wpuld be absurd to
talk about a set-off in the case of Ohio, Indi-
ana, or Illinois. Bat the whole idea Oif stat-
ing the account was that the .Commissioner
of the General Land Qffiee should first, esti-
mate the whole number of acres that,had been
sold in each of those States at •$! 25 an acre,
and then calculate how much money two per
gpnt. jvouli b# ; and that was stating the ac-
count, ,
The Senator from New Jersey was com-
j)elle4 tp admit that, according to his construc-
tion of this contract, Missouri was -paid wrong-
fully; and friend now will not deny but
that, according to his construction, Missouri
was paid wrongfully. Now, what was the con-
tract in ,reg^rd to Missouri ? It was that this
twp .per .pent, afould be expended in con-
structing roads leading to Missouri. It did
not .cou.tract for expending a dollar in Mis-
spuri. The same thing is true in regard to
Indiana—"shall be applied ,to the making of
a road or roads leading to the said State,
under (jhe direction of Congress." The .same
thing is true in regard to Illinois. The Gov-
ernment not bound to expend a dollar in
Missouri under the terms of the contract, but
she was simply bound to expend the .two per
cent, in coftstr,«cting a r,oad leading to Mis-
souri. When she had done that, whether the
road wfts finished or unfinished, ,t© the Missis-
sippi river, her contract was complied with.
Now the,Senator insists that the-Government
spent nearly $800,000 in the State of Illinois.
Missouri lies right alongside of Illinois. Ac-
cording to the Senator's construction, that was
a compliance with the contract with Missouri.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will my friend
permit me .to interrupthim ?
Mr. MORTOlSf. Certainly; the Senator
permitted me to interrupt him.
Mr. FREYLINGHUYSEN. The fact, as I
understand it, in reference to Missouri is this:
that the contract was the same with Missouri,
and the organic law in that case provided that
the two per cent, of the net proceeds from the
sales of land within .that State should be " ap-
plied to defray, under the direction of Con-
gress, the expenses tp be incurred in making a
road or roads, canal or canals, leading to said
State." The United States did not expend in
Missouri any of that money.
Mr. MORTON. And was not bound to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. But Missouri
did -expend it for herself. She went oil and
made a road in her State, and the United
States paid her the the two per cent, for her
having expended the money in her State. The
money was expended in Indiana by the United
States, and she does not have the two per cent.
In >the .case of Missouri, the money was ex-
pended by Missouri herself in the State. She
is refunded what she paid. Now my friend
will find the laws if he wants to see them.
Missouri, on the 19th of November, 1857,
having appropriated to the construction of a
railroad in the St.ate, Congress, on February
28, 1859, relinquished the fund to the State in
consideration of her having built that road.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to see that act.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is to be
found in 11 Statutes, page 388.
Mr. MOJITON. Has the Senator got it?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will give it to the Sen-
I should like to hear it
ator with pleasure.
Mr. MORTON.
rpad.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If I shall not be con-
sidered as standing on a technicality by read-
ing it 
Mr. MORTON. Not at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is in the aetof Febru-
ary 28, 1859.
"That the assent,of Congress be, and the same is
hereby, given to the aetof the Legislature of the State
of Missouri entitled 'An act supplemental to an act
to amend "An act to seeuro the completion of cer-
tain railroads in this State, and for other purposes,' "
approved on the 19r,h day of November, 18S7, appro-
priating the two per cent, of the net proceeds of
sales of public landsinsaid States, reserved by exist-
ing laws to be expended under the direction of Con-
