186
appendix to "the congkessional globe.
[January 18^
Ho. of Reps.
Leaf Tobacco—Mr. Crossland.
42d Cong.... 3d
was fraud, your laws made such fraud possi-
ble. if rogues were in high station, you
placed them there; when you took possession
of that State you disfranchised men of the
ability, the character, and the moral excel-
lence that make good government possible in
a State, and you setup rapacity and ignorance
to govern those people, and where the State
did not fully supply it from the inferior and
mongrel races whom your want of wisdom
has invested with political power, you recruited
it by importation from other States, and this
wretched tribe, known as ''carpet-baggers,"
swarmed all over that State, mounted on the
stepping-stone of a degraded suffrage to all the
high official positions of the State, where they
have been enabled to eat out the substance of
the people and to make fraud the rule and
natural history of their elections. Do not
turn to those men who have besought you
time and time again, and always in vain, to
stay your hand and to allow the intelligence
and virtue of that country to control it; do
not say to us that we are responsible for this
miserable and disgraceful condition of affairs,
because the country will laugh you to scorn,
as I now stand here to denounce its falsehood
and cool effrontery. It is almost too absurd,
too untrue, too unjust to merit a grave denial:
Your political party has had in these ten
years unlimited control of every branch of the
Federal Government. Congress has made and
unmade the State governments in the South
at will, and there is no element of misgovern-
ment for which your paity majority are not
responsible. The mingled web of ignorance
and fraud, of corruption and venality, of ra-
pacity and crime, in whose meshes those un-
happy communities are Vainly struggling, was
woven by your hands alone. And when you
cannot untie it, you call in the sword to cut it.
Such has been since the war closed the his-
tory of your rule ; such it will continue to be
until the whole basis of your rule is changed,
and you cease to sustain ignorance and vice
in their contest with the virtue and intelli-
gence of those communities.
Now, sir, there is no constitutional power,
in my belief, for the Congress of the United
States to order this election to be held in
the State of Louisiana. When I state that, I
have stated reason sufficient to govern me,
mindful as I am of the oath I have taken to
support that Constitution, and it is not in the
power of any party to place me in a position
where it shall be a reproach to me that suffer-
ing or inconvenience shall come to any portion
of this country because a measure is proposed
apparently useful to a section of that country,
which yet cannot be sustained by my vote, be-
lieving that I have not the right nor has Con-
gress the just power to pass such a bill.
And in addition to that we have now as an
amendment to the bill the recital of approval
of the act of the President in recognizing this
bastard government called the Kellogg gov-
ernment of Louisiana, a government that never
drew an honest breath, a government that
never had an ounce of law or right as its basis
before God or man; and yet this amendment
is adopted in order to furnish a subservient in-
dorsement by Congress of the unwarranted act
of the President. If it was not unwarranted
originally it is so now in the face of the facts
which your committee have here laid before
him. And, therefore, I would not for truth's
sake alone, vote for a law containing a recital
so unjust and untrue as I believe that to be
which declares the Kellogg government the
one do facto to be recognized by the Govern-
ment of the United States, because, forsooth,
thePresidenthas recoguized it; and that seems
to be the only reason for it, and thus a fraud
and sham are to be perpetuated and' placed in
power under color of an act of Congress.
Now, sir, this is my belief that whereas the
President of the United States has said to
Congress "If you do not take some action
that shall leave but one government in that
State" (and he gives them a strong hint,
almost equivalent to a command, as to what
that is to be) "I will proceed to uphold the
government which originally I upheld," igno-
rant of the fact then (he may say) that it was
the creature of the usurpation of Durell and
the frauds of Kellogg, but which now "is my
own creation, because I know of this wrong,
of this fraud, of the utter baselessness of
this whole pretendedgovernmentof Kellogg."
Sir, what does that mean 1 He means that
he will take military possession of that State,
and he will control that State by force of arms.
Sir, there is little terror in that threat. I be-
lieve there are few men of property in Louis-
iana, or men holding the poor remnant of
property that has been left them after the rav-
ages of war aud the plunder of the class of
people who have ruled them in these past
eight years, there are few of them who would not
hail the presence of a clean-handed, upright,
honest military ruler as a blessing to them
instead of the government which you have
placed over them and kept them subject to for
eight years. The time that is now wasted in
vain attempts by self-government to rescue
their property and the credit of their State
from the control of the rascally crew in power
might then be given to industrious care of
their private affairs, with a security that they
would not be robbed of its results, as they
now are under forms of taxation.
I believe it is never wise to blink the truth.
I believe it is never wise in governing a people
in any way to deceive them, or to rule them by
false promises. And here I state to the Sen-
ate and the country that I believe these govern-
ments " so called" in the southern States are
but thin veils for actual military power in the
hands of the Federal Administration. Those
governments are permitted to exist so long as
they please "the powers that be." So longas
they pronounce the shibboleth of your party,
so long and no longer those who represent the
governments will be protected, but it is in-
tended to overshadow them from time to time
by the hand of Federal power, so that they
may be taught that unless they do conduct
themselves according to the will of their real
masters, not even the forms of republican
government shall exist. It matters not
whether the end is reached by Durell and his
pretended "judicial" orders, or Casey with
his Gatlin guns or revenue-cutters, or Attorney
General Williams with his "fusion" sugges-
tions, or swarms of United States marshals and
their deputies to enforce congressional election
laws—all are partand parcel of the scheme and
system of that coercive power which is the real
Government of this country.
Sir, if the President of the United States
shall proclaim martial law in Louisiana, if he
shall take possession of that State, he will only
be doing openly what his party in fact have
been doing for the last six or seven years under
the thin veil and flimsy disguise of legal forms.
There has not been a time when troops have
not either actually gone there or have been
threatened to be sent there. No one can doubt
that Judge Durell would never have dared to
issue this order, nor would any one have
thought of obeying it, if there had not been an
intimation to him that the power of the Federal
Army would back him up and would sustain the
faction that he was creating under the name of
a government. I do not doubt it. I do not
think the people of this country can doubt
it; at any rate, I say here in my place to them
I believe it to be true and I think the facts
warrant the belief.
Therefore, sir, believing at any time that
1 would rather know my fate, and I trust I
will never be afraid to look my fate in the
face, I do feel that our Government is pass-
ing away from us because we are losing the
disposition and the meaus of enforcing those
limitations upon the powers of those who rule
us, and they are disregarding them. That
which is the law for Louisiana to-day may be
made the law for Pennsylvania or New York
to-morrow. It has been threatened in New
York; it has been carried almost to the same
point in New York; her peaceful streets have
been filled with Federal troops on the occa-
sion of popular election; her waters and her
docks have held armed vessels ready to hail
destruction upon her citizens and their prop-
erty. Those things have been witnessed by
the American people, but their meaning seems
to have been but faintly understood; and now
I would say to the people of every other State,
"read in the fate of Louisiana to-day what
well may be your own when the necessities of
party shall call upon those in power to make
it so."
I know that I §ay this at the commencement
of a new lease of power of the Republican
party, when we are to have four more years of
government probably by the same Executive,
possibly by the same Congress as heretofore;
and yet, nevertheless, the time must come
when the people of this country shall again
express their will, and all that I can do is to
tell them the truth as I see it, and then if it be
my fate to stand in the minority, that will not
the least silence my voice; that will not the
least change my ardent aspirations to serve my
fellow-men, and I shall warn them, as I warn
them now, of the dangers I apprehend, and
indicate the proper modes of meeting them.
Sir, I shall not vote for this measure, for
the reasons that I have given in these unpre-
meditated remarks. I would have debated it
before, but I was in hopes that as the domi-
nant party in this Chamber was so strong in
numbers, so flushed with a new lease of power
just given it, it could afford to be generous,
it could afford to be just, it could afford to
make at least a show of magnanimity. I had
some hope their leaders would settle this
matter among themselves, if the debate was
confined to gentlemen of that party ; but it is
the same sad story over again, and so far from
its taking the turn of moderation and good-
will and justice to the white people of Louis-
iana, the debate has presented the same un-
happy features of party apprehensiveness, and
it seems that party success and party demands
were alone to shape this measure, and instead
of dealing gently and generously and justly
by an unhappy, unprotected community, it is
to be consigned over to the tender mercies of
martial law, directed in aid of an admitted
usurpation.
Leaf Tobacco.
SPKEOH OF HON. E. CROSSLAND,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House op Representatives, «
January 18, 1873,
On the bill repealing the law requiring license to
sell leaf tobacco.
Mr. CROSSLAND. Mr. Speaker, I had
prepared a bill to repeal the law imposing a
special tax upon retail dealers in leaf tobacco,
but on consulting with my colleague, Mr.
John M. Rice, we found it defective, and he
drew the bill now under consideration, which
was approved by the friends of the measure.
I withheld mine and desire the attention of the
House to a few remarks in favor of the passage
of the bill introduced by my colleague.
I represent on this floor a larger number of
tobacco-growers than any member of the
House, and in the name of these sons of toil
and labor I crave the attention of a certain
