1486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
gress, but hereby relinquished to that State; and
that the proper accounting officers of tbe Govern-
ment atp hereby authorized and required to audit
and pay the amounts for the same, as in the case of
the thr&e percent, land fund of said State.
Approved February 28,1859."
Mr. MORTON. I am very glad that I am
referred to that statute, for 1 think it is now
perfectly impossible for the Senators on the
other side to resist the claim of Indiana. Here
they produce a statute passed relinquishing
the two per cent, fund to Missouri. Why?
Because Miss6uri had expended certain
moneys in building railroads in Missouri,
licit a continuation of the Cumberland road,
no continuation of the National road, but
simply because Missouri has expended money
in building railroads within her own limits,
and Indiana expended twelve millions in the
same way for railroads, canals, and macad-
amized roads. I want to know why her title
is not as complete as that of Missouri. What
is the remarkable reason given here why Mis-
souri should have the money? Because Mis-
souri has gone on to build railroads. Ohio
did the same thing; Illinois did the same
thing, and Indiana did the same thing, and
we have just got through paying our railroad
debt. now.
Mr. FHELINGrHOYSEN. Do you really
want an answer?
•Mi*. MORTON. If there is any answer to
that I should like to know what it is.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not want
to prolong the debate, and I did not get up to
interrupt the Senator; but I thought the Sen-
ator really wanted an answer.
Mr. MORTON. Has the Senator any
answer?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Plenty.
Mr. MORTON. One will do.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It will take me
a little time to state it. There was a contract
made between the United States Government
and Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
Mr. MORTON. And Missouri.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Between the
United States and Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
that the United States would apply a certain
fund toward constructirg a road leading to
those States; and the United States did it,
and therefore the United States does not owe
them anything. The United States made a
like contract with Missouri. It was in 1820.
Time rolled on without the road being com-
pleted till it came along to 1857, when it would
have been the height of folly, when the United
States would have made itself a burlesque for
the nations of the world if it had undertaken
to construct a great wagon-road through Mis-
souri. But Missouri, up to tbe spirit of the
times, constructed for herself not a wagon-road
but a railroad, and came to Congress and said,
" You have not expended any of this money
in our State, and we have carried out the
spirit of your contract, only we have made a
railroad instead of a wagon-road, and we ask
you to give us the two percent." Congress
said, " Take the two per cent.; we have not
fulfilled our contract." With these other
States we did fulfill our contract.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator falls right
back into his former error. He says that the
tjroverntnent had not expended the two per
cent, fund of Missouri upon any work, and
therefore Missouri 
Mr FRELINGHUYSEN. That is not
what I said. I said in the State.
Mr. MORTON. The Government contract
was not to expend it in the State. The Sen-
ator read that contract. It was simply to ex
pend money in a road on a canal leading to
the State, and according to his own showing
it spent over a million in Indiana, two millions
m Ohio, and nearly a million in Illinois, right
up to the border of the State of Missouri
complying with her contract, if that was all it
meant in expending the money in a road lead-
ing to Missouri. Ii had expended the money
precisely iu that way, but it had not finished
a road to Missouri. It never finished a road
to Indiana; it did not finish a road through
Ohio. It was a fragmentary work in all
these States, but the Government complied
with the contract in regard to Missouri just as
fully as in regard to Indiana.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Now, Mr.
President, my friend says that th6 Government
of the United States had fulfilled its contract
fully in building a road leading to Missouri;
that there was nothing in the law requiring the
United States to build the road in Missouri.
Now, I ask the Senator whether the United
States Government had not then fulfilled its
contract fully, there being nothing in the law
requiring it to expend money in the State, in
spending nearly $7,000,000 in building a road
leading to Indiana?
Mr. MORTON. That is just the question
I proposed to answer. I .say, giving the "con-
struction to the statute that the Senator does,
the United States has complied with it as fully
in regard to Missouri as it did in regard to
Indiana. The Senator started out with the
assumption that the Government was not
bound to finish the road to any State, but was
simply bound to expend the money in build-
ing a road, but was not bound to finish it. If
his construction is correct, then the Govern-
ment complied with the contract fully in regard
to Missouri, because it expended more than
twice the amount in building a road across
Illinois to Missouri. But I do not agree with
the Senator that that is the contract. That
was not the understanding at all; it is wholly
unreasonable. The understanding was, as
shown by the history of the time, that that
road was to be built and was to be a macad-
amized road.
You find the plans and specifications in the
act of Congress as far back as 1809. The
Government was to com plete it and these States
were required to contribute according to the
terms of the contract. It would have been
nonsense for these States to have agreed to
give up so much money to be expended on a
road that the Government was not bonnd to
complete. They made that contract with the
distinct understanding that the Government
would complete the road. They would not
have given the money to be expended on a
road that the Goternment was not bound to
complete. It is a part of the whole transac-
tion that the road was to be completed, bridged,
and to be covered with broken stone; it was
to be a macadamized road. It was a grand
undertaking. At that time it was to the west-
ern States what the Pacific railroad now is to
the States on the Pacific coast. It was a great
thing for the western States and for the Gov-
ernment. The Government could not sell its
lands without same mode for-settlers to get to
them.
The Governmentsold its lands ; it made more
money by it than anybody else ; it brought ita
lands into market and facilitated the settle-
ment of the western States. It was a great
national work, and the error the Government
committed at that time was in taxing a few
States to pay for it instead of taxing the whole
nation.
That brings me to the main argument that
that policy was afterward abandoned ; tbe Gov-
ernment abandoned the policy of taxing a few
States to pay for a national work.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask tbe Senator
a question, if I do not interrupt him?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
. Mr. EDMUNDS. He says the understand-
ing was that the Government was to complete
this work.
Mr. MORTON. Undoubtedly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My first question is, where
he gets the evidence of that understanding.
Mr, PRATT. Will my colleague allow me
m aid of his argument to refer to two reports?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let him answer my ques-
tion if he wishes to.
Mr. PRATT. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Ver-
mont asks me curiously where I get the evi-
dence of the understanding. I suppose when
the appropriation was first made for the Union
Pacific railroad the understanding was that
it was to be built clear across the continent.
It would have been idle to sink twenty million
dollars on one end of the road, and let it end
in the prairie or the mountains. It was a
clear understanding when that work was com-
menced and when the contract was made with
these States that the road should be com-
pleted, and the States were required to con-
tribute to it. The Senator asks me where the
understanding is that the road was completed.
I refer him to the nature of the transaction
itself. I refer him to the history of the times.
Mr. PRATT. Will my colleague allow me,
in aid of the position that he is just arguing,
to refer to two reports made in Congress on
that very question ?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. PRATT. I refer first to the report of
the Senate Committee on Roads and Canals
in 1840. The question which they propound is
asfollows: " is the General Government bound
in good faith, under the compacts with Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri, to complete
this work?"—referring to the National road.
After an elaborate discussion of this question
the committee answer it as follows:
"The committee, therefore, maintain that the
Government was bound by the compacts to finish
the work, whether the two per cent, of the net pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands were sufficient
to complete it on her scale or not."
That is a report made in 1840. There was
another report, made by the House Committee
on Roads and Canals, in the year 1846, to the
same effect.
Mr. MORTON. Why, Mr. President, I am
surprised 
Mr. THURMAN. Will my friend allow me
to read from the last report mentioned by his
colleague ?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. It is so pertinent to what
he is now saying; and, as it is very brief, I will
ask permission to read it. This report was
made by the House Committee on Roads and
Canals, February 18, 1846, and is to be found
in reports of committees of second session
Twenty-Ninth Congress, 1846-47. I read two
extracts:
"The four States, [Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and
Missouri,] by binding themselves not to tax lands
during a period of five years from the date of their
sale to individuals, gave a most valuable considera-
tion for the expenditures Congress is pledged to
make. The principal source of revenue belonging
to new States is the 1 and tax ; and to be deprived of
the ability to levy it to any considerable extent is
to seriously augment the embarrassments of the
.Treasury and the burdens of the people. And
besides this, the United States is, and during the
last forty-five years has been, the principal land-
owner m three of the four States; and if its land
had been taxed at the rate that other lands have
been taxed, money enough would have been rawed
to have built a road from Cumberland to Nebraska.
i5ut unlike other property-owners, while its prop-
erty is daily being benefited by the labor, rnoney
and improvements of the States and of the citizens
it is not compelled to pay its pro rata share of taxa-
tion. Does not this fact constitute an important
claim upon thekindest and most liberal considera-
tion of Congress?"
Then further they say:
"Is it to be supposed for a moment that the States
ever would have consented for the General Govern-
ment to have retained and expended this fund upon
a work which she might lay out and project upon a
scale so extensive or sa expensive as to merge the
whole funds and leave a work that would exhaust.
w.'iS K0mple..!°n,^^e-ater sum than tbe States
would have felt justified m expending on any single
hnii for- *>,lt remembered that the States
pad no say m the direction, scale, or execution of
the work. It would have been folly in the States to
have consented to such compacts with such an un-
derstanding*. iiufc it seems to the committee thut
such is not the true construction of the eorauacta.
1ms view is strengthened by the facts that the lands
subject to the operation of the compacts in the three
otates of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois alone were
estimated at a hundred and twenty million aere*:
the tax on this quantity of land, which was rehn-
Quished by the States, for the five years would have
amounted to at least $5,000,000,"
Mr. MORTON. Why, Mr. President, I
