18*3.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
IBT
42d Cong.... 3d Sess.
Leaf Tobacco—Mr. Orossland.
Ho. oi? Reps.
class in this House who seem to think that all
the burdens of internal taxation ought to be
imposed on and patiently borne by the farm-
ers and planters, and only manufacturing
industries protected. I know that many
members voted for the bill sought to be re-
pealed in the contest we had toward the close
of the last session between that bill and
the bill urged by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] because both con-
tained the same provisions in regard to this
tax on leaf tobacco, and this bill reduced
tariff taxation on certain articles of general
consumption and the other (Kelley's bill) in-
creased it. Freed from the excitement that
pervaded the House during the discussion of
these bills, I now appeal to the calm judgment
and sense of justice of members in behalf
of this bill under consideration and claim the
assistance of every fair-minded man in striking
this most odious and outrageous law from our
statute-books. I ask the Clerk to read the
provisions of the law of June, 1872, which
this bill repeals.
The Clerk read as follows:
" That section fifty-nine be amended by striking
out all of paragraphs seven, eight, nine, and ten,
and inserting in lieu thereof the following, to wit:
'dealers in leaf tobacco, except retail dealers in
leaf tobacco, as hereinafter defined, shall each pay
twenty-five dollars. Every person shall be regarded
as a dealer in leaf tobacco whose business it is, for
himself or on commission, to sell, or oifer for sale,
or consign for sale on commission, leaf tobacco;
and payment of a special tax as dealer in tobacco,
manufacturer of tobacco, manufacturer of cigars, or
any other special tax, shall not exempt any person
dealing in leaf tobacco from the payment of the
special tax therefor hereby required. But no farmer
or planter shall be required to pay a special tax as a
dealer in leaf tobacco, for selling tobacco of his own
production, or tobacco received by him as rent from
tenants who have produced the same on his land.
But nothing in this section shall be construed to
exempt from a special tax any farmer or planter
who shall, by peddling or otherwise, sell leaf to-
bacco atreta.il directly to consumers, or who shall
sell or assign, consign, transfer, or dispose of to per-
sons other than those who have paid a special tax
as leaf dealers or manufacturers of tobaoco, snulf,
or cigars, or to persons purchasing leaf tobacco for
export. And it shall be the duty of every farmer or
planter producing and selling leaf tobacco, on de-
mand of any internal revenue officer or other author-
ized agent of the Treasury Department, to furnish
said officer or a.gent a true and correct statement,
verified by oath or affirmation, of all his sale.; of loaf
tobacco, the number of hogsheads, cases, or pounds,
with the name and residence, in each instance, of
the person to whom sold, and the place to which it
is shipped. And any such farmer or planter who
shall willfully refuse to furnish such information,
or who shall knowingly mako false statements as
to any of the facts aforesaid, shall bo liable to a
penalty not exceeding $500.'
"Dealers in leaf tobacco shall hereafter sell only
to other dealers who have paid a special tax as such,
and to manufacturers of tobacco, snuff, or cigars,
and to such persons as are known to be purchasers
of leaf tobacco for export.
" Retail dealers in leaf tobacco shall eacli pay
S500, and, if their annual sales exceed 81,000, shall
each pay, in addition thereto, fifty cents for every
dollar in excess of$l,000 of their sales. Every per-
son shall be regarded as aretail dealer in leaf tobacco
whose business it is to sell leaf tobacco in quantities
less than an original hogshead, case, or bale; or who
shall sell directly to consumers, or to persons other
than dealers in leaf tobacco, who have paid a special
tax as such; or to manui&eturers of tobacco, snuff,
or cigars who have paid a special tax; or to persons
•who purchase in original packages for export. Re-
tail dealers in leaf tobacco shall also keep a book,
and enter therein daily their purchases and sales, in
a form and manner to be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, which book shall bo
open at all titoes for the inspection of any revenue
oflioer."
Mr. CROSSLAND. Mr. Speaker, I insist
that this law is in direct conflict with the Con-
stitution of the country. The Constitution says
that "All duties, imposts, and excises shall be
uniform throughout the United States." That
no capitation or other direct tax shall be laid
unless in proportion to the census or enum-
eration, &c. Now, this act of June, 1872,
requires a farmer to pay a tax of $500 before
he can sell a pound of raw tobacco to con-
sumers, and this license is exhausted when he
sells one thousand pounds, and if he sells more
he must pay fifty cents per pound.
Here is a product grown in but a few States
enormously taxed. The State that I in part
represent produces about one third of all the
tobacco raised in the United States. South
Carolina and other southern States raise cot-
ton, peas, rice, and potatoes, which are not
taxed. They do not raise tobacco. The north-
western States raise wheat and corn, not
taxed, and raise but little tobacco. New
York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio raise little
else than grain, meat, wool, &c., not taxed.
Neither wheat, corn, beans, peas, barley, or
wool, articles grown in all the States of the
Union, are taxed, while raw leaf, unmanu-
factured tobacco is taxed more than five hun-
dred per cent, ad valorem.
If corn, aproduct of all the States, was taxed
you could claim that the tax was equal and
uniform, but tobacco which is grown in only
a part of the States cannot be subjected to a
tax which in the meaning and intention of the
Constitution would be uniform and equal
" throughout the United States." Taxation can
only be uniform and equal when it affects all
the people of the United States, equally, uni-
formly. Tobacco is not raised in all the States,
not raised by all the people. In many of the
States it cannot be grown. It is a production
controlled by climate, a law of nature, dictated
by God himself and superior in obligation to
all others. The census report shows that in
the State of Delaware only about two hundred
and fifty pounds per annum is raised:
Pounds.
Rhode Island    795
Michigan  5,885
Minnesota 8,247
Louisiana 15,541
Nebraska   5,988
Oregon  3,847
Arizona    100
Colorado  890
Nevada....'.  25
Maine  15
Thus it is seen that controlled by climate
tobacco cannot be produced in Minnesota in
the North or Louisiana in the South. Tt. will
neither grow in Rhode Island and Delaware
in the Bast or Oregon in the West, and that
the aggregate amount raised by these eleven
States and Territories is less than the product
of a single farm in my State. The census
shows that we produce in Kentucky nearly
four times as much tobacco as any other State
in the Union. „ ,
I'ounfU
per annum.
Kentucky  105,305,869
Virginia  37,086,364
Tennessee    21,465,452
Maryland  15,785,339-
Illinois  5,249,274
Indiana  9,325,000
These and a few other States produce nearly
all the tobacco grown in the United States.
Now Kentucky raises 105,305,860 pounds and
if the producers were to sell to whom and in
the quantity their interest required they would
be compelled to pay fifty cents per pound
tax, which would amount to $52,652,934 per
annum. The people of the State of Maine
raise fifteen pounds, and would only pay
$7 50; the people of the State of Nevada who
raise twenty-five pounds, would pay $12 50.
The people of Minnesota would pay on their
eight thousand pounds $4,000; Louisiana on
fifteen thousand would pay $7,500; Delaware
on her two hundred and fifty pounds pays
$125, and Oregon on her small produce but
little more, while Kentucky pays over
$52,000,000; Virginia, $18,000,000; Tennes-
see, $11,000,000; Maryland, $7,000,000,
Maine seven dollars, Kentucky $52,000,000.
Yet the Constitution declares that taxation
shall be "uniform throughout the United
States."
Judge Story says that the reason this con-
stitutional restriction was imposed on the tax-
ing power was to cut off all undue preferences
of one State over another in regulating of sub-
jects affecting their common interest. Unless
duties, imposts, and excises were uniform the
grossest injustice and most oppressive irreg-
ularities vitally affecting the pursuits and em-
ployments of the people of the different States
might exist. The agriculture, commerce, and
manufactures of one State might be built up
on the ruins of those of another. In the case
of Loughborough vs. Blake, 5 Wheaton, the
Supreme Court, Chief Justice Marshal, de-
cided that the term "United States" meant
States. Territories, and every portion of it,
and that in the imposition of taxes it was not
less necessary on the principles of our Consti-
tution that" uniformity " in the imposition of
duties, imposts, and excise should be observed.
Thus the Supreme Court, has settled that the
term United States means the whole country,
and every part of it. That the rule of uni-
formity requires it should prevail "through
out" the territorial limits and likewise that this
rule implies "equality " in theburdens of taxa-
tion. How can a tax be said to be " uniform "
which is levied upon a single article of agricul-
tural production in its raw state to the exclu-
sion of all others ? How can a tax be "uniform
throughout the United States" which is levied
on an article produced in only a few of the
States? And how can a law be constitutional
that imposes burdens on a portion of the citi-
zens, or people of the United States and ex-
empts others? How can a law be constitu-
tional that imposes a- burden of taxation of
$52,000,000 on the people of Kentucky and
only seven dollars on an equal number of
people, inhabiting an equal area of territory,
in the State Maine.
Suppose the law had been drafted to read
(as it affects the people) that all the tobacco
raised in the States of Kentucky, Virginia,
Tennessee, Missouri, Maryland, Illinois, In-
diana, and other States where it is raised for
sale and profit, should be taxed fifty cents per
pound, would any sane man claim that it did
not violate the letter and soul of the Constitu-
tion when it proclaimed on its face the want
of uniformity and equality? Is therein reason
and common sense any difference between a
law that would thus declare its unconstitution-
ality and this act of June, 1872, that in effect
and operation taxes the people of Kentucky
tens of millions of dollars, and exempts the
people of Delaware and Maine and other States
from its payment and burdens? I believe that
the "uniformity" required-by the Constitu-
tion means to lay burdens equally upon all
products, if on any, and on all the people
"throughout the United States."
Q-entlemen need not attempt to answer me
by saying that my constituents can avoid this
inequality and want of uniformity by selling
their produce in "original hogshead," "case,"
or "bale" to "dealers" in leaf tobacco who
have paid "a special tax as such or to manu-
facturers who have paid a special tax." These
provisions instead of curing the constitutional
infirmity of the act aggravate it. The farmer
who raises corn, wheat, oats, barley, rye, po-
tatoes, beef, pork, peas, beans, or rice can sell
to whom he pleases unquestioned by the law,
may seek out the most liberal purchaser, may
go far or near in search of a good market, sell
in any quantity he may desire from an ounce
to a ton, a peck of peas or a thousand bash-
els of wheat; he may sell to his neighbor
or ship to the most distant market he meets,
no law restricting him, no " licensed dealer" to
be hunted up, no particular class to look to as
purchasers ; unincumbered by restrictions and
unburdened by taxation his produce goes to
market. But the tobacco planter must sell by
"the hogshead to licensed dealers" or pay a
tax of fifty cents per pound; he is put at the
mercy of a few licensed dealers or manufac-
turers ; no matter what inconvenience or ex-
pense is to be incurred he must find one of
