1488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
February 19,
and historically, that the Government was to
complete this national road, aad these States
were called upon to make a contribution of a
certain, amount for that purpose. The Gov-
ernment did spend money upon it, but she has
never completed the road. I might remark
that the undertaking of that road, the laying
of it out, led to speculation, and led to hopes
and expectations that were never realized,
that brought poverty and ruin upon a great
many people in my own State and in other
States, although what was done was undoubt-
edly of some general benefit. Then looking at
it as a matter of contract, the Government
never did comply with the contract, and is
bound to pay the money back.
But, Mr. President, I do not put this case
upon the violation of a contract with the Gov-
ernment of the United States. That is too
narrow. I put it upon the broad principle
that the Government thirty or forty years ago
repudiated the policy of requiring particular
States to contribute for works of internal im-
provement or of a national character, and that
in every instance where she had made that
requirement before that policy finally was
abandoned that money ought in common
justice to be paid back. While she has
granted many millions of acres for railroad
purposes and for improvement purposes in the
States, she has never taxed those States to the
amount of one cent for them. I put it upon
the broad principle that the Government has
no right to build a work unless it is national
in its character, and if it be national she is
bound upon principle to pay for it out of the
Treasury oi the nation, and not require any
particular State to pay a portion of it.
One thing further and I am done ; and I call
the particular attention of the Senate to what
I am now about to say. This is a case, as the
lawyers would say, res adjudicata. The prin-
ciple has been settled, and the law has been
passed under which this money ought to have
been paid fifteen years ago. This bill is here
now simply because the law has not Been
executed by the accounting officers of the
Treasury. We are not now asserting a new
claim ; we are not now for the first time asking
that this money shall be paid ; but the Con-
gress of the United States clearly directed the
accounting officers of the Treasury, in 1857,
to state the account and to pay the money—
not to state the account with a set-off; not to
count how much had been expended in the im-
provement or the construction of the National
road, but simply to estimate the number of
acres of land that had been sold in the different
States at $1 25 an acre, and to give to each
State what it was entitled to, two per cent, of
the proceeds. That was all that was meant
by a statement of account. It seems to me no
person can deny that who will just take the law
and read it. I wish to read that law, and then
X shall conclude.
Now, sir, bear in mind the extent and force
oi this statute; that there were nine States
m all with which the Government had made
arrangements about five per cent, of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands. Louisiana, Ark-
ansas, and one other State down there, were
three with which the Government stipulated
that five per cent, of the proceeds of the public
lands should be given to the State to be ex-
pended by that State herself in the construe
lion of works of internal improvement. It
was an obligation placed upon the State by the
Government that she would take this money
and expend it for works of internal improve-
ment. Ihose were the first three contracts
that were made. They were not very bad ones
for the State. Ihey were not at all onerous,
although I think they would not be sustained
upon principle at all. Then there were con-
tracts made with six other States, by which the
States were not to tax these lands for five
years, and by which two per cent, of the pro-
ceeds of the lands was to be expended in con-
structing works of internal improvement by
the Government .of the United States. Bear
in mind, there were just six States left. There
was a special act passed refunding this two
per cent, to Alabama. Then there was a
special act passed refunding it to Mississippi.
That left four. Then, in the concluding sec-
tion of the act in regard to Mississippi, we find
this language;
"That the said commissioner shall also state an
account between the United States and each of the
other States
it did not mean all the States in the Union ;
it only meant those that had contracts like
that with Mississippi and Alabama"—
"upon the same principles
upon what principles? Upon the principles
of the act refunding to Mississippi, and refund-
ing to Alabama.
"and shall allow and pay to each State such
amount as shall thus he found due, estimating all
lands and permanent reservations at SI 25 per
acre."
You cannot make any sense of that act
at all unless you construe it as being appli-
cable to Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri.
Then, sir, this thing has been settled. There
seems to be some doubt about the construc-
tion of the law. The accounting officers hesi-
tated. They were urged thirteen years ago
to pay this money, but it seems to have been
an open and unsettled question in the Treas-
ury Department from that time to this. I
think there ought never to have been any
doubt in regard to the construction of that law ;
and I think the Senator from Illinois, who is
not in his seat, [Mr. Logan,] has a letter from
one of the officers of the Treasury Department,
showing what was the construction put nnon 1
that law some seven or eight years ago. But
it was not finally acted upon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to see that
letter.
Mr. MORTON. It is the purpose of this
bill to declare what was the true intent and
meaning of the act of 1857 ; that Indiana,
Ohio, and Illinois shall all be placed upon the
same footing with the other States ; that this
tax which was extorted from them for a
national work many years ago shall be re
funded to them. Simple justice requires that
Lhat shall be done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, a man
who pleads his own cause always has a power-
ful advocate; and so I have listened with
pleasure and admiration to the powerful
speech of my friend from Indiana in pleading
his own cause and that of his own State. But
in order to show that among citizens of In-
diana there may be a difference of opinion
upon this subject, and in order to contrast the
action of the sworn executive officer of the
Government upon this question with the de-
lusion that we politicians are led into in
answer to public clamor, which is always glad
to get money out of the Treasury, I send to
the desk to be read the official letter of the
Interior Department deciding this very ques-
tion some years ago, written, I believe, by an
officer in the interior Department, under the '
direction of the Secretary, who was himself a
citizen of the State of Indiana, and who, so
far as bias may be presumed to affect a man's
mind, would be biased in favor of that State,
and not against it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Secretary will
read the letter.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, September 25,1863.
Sir : This Department has received your letter of
mn instant inclosing two papers.
r W ™ implication of the 8th instant of the Hon.
g; f?r an adjustment of the claim of the
?,t m„°„i 8?der th® aot of Congress approved
mthfl j' (Stats., vol., page 200,) for percentage
on the Indian reservations lying in that. State.
f>?0 . i.? ti?e In<iian reserves collected
from f&fr lp Illinois surveys and
trom the Indian reservation records of your office.
„ r<r<Wes' that said schedule may be oriti-
thifif aSnv f ft, 6 records of tb« Indian Office, so
tfiat.it any of the reserves have been retroeeded to '
the United States the same may be excluded, or if
any omission exists it may be supplied, in order
that the schedule may be perfected from and veri-
fied by the records of-the office of Indian Affairs,
and thereafter returned to your office as the basis
of an account."
You suggest that a question arises whether the
stipulation as to the two per cent, in the third prop-
osition of the enabling act of April 18, ISIS, extends
also to the Indian reserves, and upon that point you
request instructions to govern your office in the
adjustment of the present claim.
1 am directed by the Secretary of the Interior to
inform you that on the receipt of your letter and
the accompanying papers, they were referred to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs for an examination
and early report. They were returned on this day,
and I now transmit to you the papers, and a copy of
the letter of that officer to this Department, under
date of 24th instant.
The act of 1857, and one approved March 2,1855,
entitled "An act to settle certain accounts between
the United States and the State of Alabama," were
recently under consideration, and the opinion of the
Department touching their bearing and effect upon
thethen pending claim of Illinois was communicated
to you on the 31st ultimo.
The Department upon a renewed examination
of the subject, rendered necessary by your letter,
adheres to that opinon, as furnishing a sound expo-
sition of the acts of Congress relating to the questions
which both claims involved.
It was then held—
1. That two fifths of the five per cent, of the net
proceeds of the lands lying within the State of
Illinois and sold since January 1,1819, had been dis-
bursed by Congress in strict accordance with the
compact between the General Government and the
State.
2. That Congress has never relinquished its con-
trol over said two fifths, or authorized the payment
of the same or any other part thereof to the State ot
Illinois.
3. That Congress, by act approved September 4,
1841, had relinquished to the States of Alabama and
Mississippi the two fifths of five per cent, of the net
proceeds of the lands lying within their respective
limits, which have been or shouJd be thereafter
sold. The effect of that legislation and of the pro-
visions of the enabling acts of those States in regard
to the remaining three fifths was to secure to rbem
five per cent, of the ne^t amount of the sales of such
lands.
4. The acts of1855 and 1857 did not give to Alabama
and Mississippi an additional per cent, upon the
proceeds of such sales, but required the Commis-
sioner, in the account between the United States
and those States, to include the reservations under
the treaties with certain Indian tribes, and estimat-
ing the same as the minimum value, to pay to the
"aid States five per cent, thereon as in case of other
5. By the second section of the act of 1857 the Com-
missioner was required to state an account between
the United States and each of the States, upon tho
same principle, that is to say, upon the principle
that for the purpose of an account lands embraced
by permanent Indian reservations should be esti-
mated as so much land sold at $1 25 per acre, and
to allow and pay to each State such amount asshould
thus be found due.
At the time of the passage of the act of 1841 the
General Government had adopted no measures to
execute the trust she had assumed in regard to the
two per cent, fund of Alabama and Mississippi. It
remained in the Treasury, and by that act was
relinquished to them upon condition that the Legis-
lature of each State should first pass an act declaring
their acceptance of said relinquishment in lull of
said fund, and embracing a provision, to be unal-
terable without the consent of Congress, that the
whole ol said fund should be faithfully applied to
the construction of certain certified works ot in-
ternal improvement.
. Mississippi, by an act approved February 6,184''
(acts of Mississippi for 1842, p. 49 J and Alabama
by an act approved December 29,1841, (act of Ala-
bama for 1841. p. 39,) accepted the relinquishment
on the terms and conditions required by Congress,
lhe effect of this legislation was to relieve Congress
from the trust, and to impose upon those States
respectively the application of the fund
ihere is obviously no substantial difference in
principle between the direct payment to a State of
the tuna and the expenditure of it for the purnoxe
.stipulated in the compact between the General Gov-
ernment and such State. In either case, the lawful
appropriation of the fund is a full discharge of the
obligations of the Oeneral Government, and a satis-
faction ot the claim of the State for the payment of
mi!UOo*e5lor execution of the trust.
^tate4 of Illinois never released the General
Government from us obligation to appropriate *he
7,^ Pursuant to the compact which was binding
upon them both. That obligation was fully Un-
charged, and the former opinion cites the art oi
of°^KSn(iTw?iv vy PrrY1(!ing f0vr thp expenditure
of fcbOb OOU within her limits in the construction of
two per cenn1.rfai?d.aUd makmg U a Charge u"° 
The actual amount so expended appear? by an
be $739,879 books °f the Treasury to
Regarding, then, the Indian reservation as so
Sr,!SlS .nT """ " '""A™ <■«>-
It is true that the compact has exclusive retcr-
