1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
from these agricultural colleges—the old agri-
cultural lana scrip I think did more harm to
the western States than all the agricultural
colleges founded under it can ever do good.
But waiving that, still the principle of the
old agricultural college bill was a distribution
according to representation. Here, however,
is a distribution according to States. Why,
Mr. President, we have usually expected prop-
ositions which regard all the States as equal
and sovereign, entitled to equal rights and
privileges, to come from a different quarter
than the State of Vermont; but here we have
a proposition to devote the proceeds of the
public lands of the United States for ten years
among all the States and all the Territories,
not according to population, not according to
wealth, not according to taxes, but giving the
same to each of them. The Territory of Ari-
zona, which I believe has seventeen thousand
inhabitants, is entitled under the operation
of this bill to receive in the next ten years
$625,000 to educate her people as farmers 1
It seems to me that the mere statement of
this bill ought to defeat it, or at least to pre-
vent hasty action on it. I know that my hon-
orable friend from Vermont—and no one re-
spects him more than I do—has at heart the
desire to promote these agricultural colleges.
They are children of his idea; he was the
father of the bill of 1862, and put it through.
Whether that be wise or not, I am not here to
discuss. I doubt whether it was a wise bill in
its origin ; but now the whole principle of that
bill is abandoned and it is proposed to give
more land and to distribute the proceeds in
an unconstitutional way.
I make these remarks merely to draw atten-
tion to the bill, to let the Senate see that it is
not an ordinary small bill appropriating a
small sum of money to aid in a good object;
but it involves some of the gravest considera-
tions that can possibly be pressed before the
Senate; it involves an amount so large as
naturally to startle and excite attention. It is
not a mere appropriation of land on the far
western plains that Senators from the East are
very apt to regard as worth nothing and there-
fore give away with bountiful hind to railroad
corporations and everybody else ; but it takes
money from the Treasury; it takes the very
life-blood ; it takes away a source of revenue
which was the first and most anxiously guarded
by the founders of this Government—the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands. It
takes the whole of this revenue and confers it
in an unconstitutional way for years to build
up colleges of a particular kind and particular
class, and so distributed that in some of the
States they must be utterly useless.
Why, let us look at it a little further. Take
all the Territories. How can they found an
agricultural college in a Territory? We all
know that people born and reared in the Ter-
ritories will naturally go from the Territories
to the States. If you think it important to
establish agricultural colleges, why not set
apart a fund of $28,750,000 and establish the
most grand college in the world? Why, sir,
with the money appropriated in this bill you can
rival Oxford or Cambridge in England; you
can surpass Yale, and all the colleges in Amer-
ica. The foundations laid by this bill would
be greater than and more valuable and more
munificent than have ever been set apart for
any college or institution of learning.
If, therefore, the Senate of the United States
desire to establish colleges, propose to set
aside the whole proceeds of the public lands
for that purpose, let us select some place to
which the youth of the country might natu-
rally go, where we might gather them from all
parts of the Union, East, West, North, and
South ; let us build a great college equal to
the idea of those who founded the old col-
leges of England. But if you distribute this
money in this way among forty six different
States and Territories you dissipate and waste
the very fund that you propose to grant. I
know how it is in Ohio. It is conceded to be
the great fault that we have committed in
Ohio that we have scattered too much the
various funds that have been orgauized and
founded by private charity, by the gift of the
United States, and by the gift of the State
among many colleges, so that we have no great
college which is really superexcellent. That
has been the great fault. Now, this bill pro-
poses to establish a college in Arizona on the
same basis that you establish a college in New
York. It proposes to establish an agricul-
tural college in Nevada with the same endow-
ment of $025,000 that you would have in the
State of Ohio. It proposes to establish colleges
in the western States where no one would go to
a college, where the expenses of living would
prevent a college from being established. You j
propose to establish these colleges in the south-
ern States, when we know as an actual fact that
the youth of the southern States would natu-
rally rather go North to a colder climate where
the winter snows make it more healthful.
They would rather go North to college than
to have a local college in their own community,
even if it was so well endowed.
The whole principle of this bill is wrong.
The attempt to scatter these agricultural col-
leges into commercial States, into mining States,
into banking States, into all kinds of States,
it seems to me is utterly idle. If it is the pur-
pose of Congress now to institute a great sys- ;
tern of education, and that I know is the object
of my honorable friend behind me, [Mr. Saw-
yer,] who regards this bill as the entering
wedge—if it is the purpose of the Congress of
the United States to enter into the scheme of
educating all the youth of this country, of
gathering them into national colleges and
national schools and national universities,
rather than State school* and State colleges
and State universities, then let us have a uni-
fied idea, one place carefully selected, and
lay the foundations of a university worthy of
the name of the United States. But at a time
when we are looking to the redemption of our
notes in specie, when our expenditures are
rapidly creeping up to our receipts, at this
time to scatter this munificent fund, the entire
proceeds of the public lands for ten years, in
order to carry out a chimerical project of
building up colleges in Arizona, in Washing-
ton Territory, in New Mexico, and all over
the country, North, South, East, and West, it
seems to me is not wise, not statesmanlike;
and I do not believe it will receive the sanc-
tion of the Senate unless it passes without
attracting their attention as one of the ordibary
matters of legislation in aid only of a charity
already existing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
I am a little surprised at the heat of the Sen-
ator from Ohio. I confess I did not expect
his vote for the bill; and as little did I expect
quite so violent an attack upon it. I am
regretful that the Senator from Ohio is not in
favor of educating what may be called the
lower tiers of society, but he in preference to
doing that would build up a grand college
here that is to eclipse Oxford and Cambridge
and the German universities—a grand national
university with a hundred or two of professors
to educate merely professional men after they
had got through college—the post-graduate
system. I do not think the Senate or the
people of the United States will coincide with
the judgment of the Senator from Ohio.
Then, again, while he does not claim the
right to pass judgment upon these institutions
which have already been established, in the
same breath he denounces them as having
done more injury than good. What was the
fact in relation to the land grants 
Mr. SHERMAN. What I said was that the
grant of land in the form of agricultural scrip
did harm; and Senators all around the Sen-
ator from Vermont will testify that those
warrants which floated into the hands of spec-
ulators have done more harm to the people of
the western States than all the good which
will probably flow from the agricultural col-
leges.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
is utterly mistaken. The whole amount that
was granted and distributed in this manner
was only about seven million acres, and one
and a half millions of these acres were located
by the States themselves. The mischief that
was done was done by the military land war-
rants, amounting to fifty or sixty millions, I
think, or a very large sum.
Mr. SHERMAN. They had disappeared.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Not at all.
Now, Mr. President, I do not propose to con-
sume the time of the Senate in discussing this
bill. If the Senate are disposed to think that
it is wrong to have the Territories included in
it—and the Senator from Ohio seems to lay
his greatest stress and make his finest points in
relation to these inconsiderable Territories—
and the Senate choose to strike the Territories
out of the bill, I shall be quite content. All
that will be necessary to be done then will be
that when the Territories shall become large
enough to be admitted as States, some special
act will have to be passed to allow them to
come in under these provisions.
But, Mr. President, if the 8enator from
Ohio were conversant with the great good that
these institutions have done in the several
States, he would be the last man to rise here
and denounce them. I undertake to say there
has been no measure within the last ten years
that has received a larger amount of popular
favor among the. farmers apd mechanics of the
country than these same agricultural colleges,
lind from every quarter of the Union, from
Alabama, from Minnesota, from Illinois, and
from Ohio, will be found correspondence show-
ing the deep interest that is taken in those sev-
eral States in the passage of this additional
measure in behalf of these colleges. The Sen-
ator in my judgment will not be sustained by
the people in his own State. The farmers and
mechanics are taking an interest in this sub-
ject, and they belieye that this will be a wiser
and better disposition of the public lands than
much that our legislation has heretofore en-
couraged.
The Senator has voted in favor of legislation
giving to a single corporation a larger endow-
ment than is now asked for every State and
Territory in the entire Union for this purpose ;
and there are bills now on the table that have
already passed the House of Representatives
donating the entire proceeds of the public
lands, one to common schools, another to mil-
itary bounties. It is true that the people of
this country have long ceased to look at the
public lands as a source of revenue. The
question is, what can we do with them, to the
greatest advantage of. the General Govern-
ment? In my opinion these national colleges
established in every State, enabling the peo-
ple of every State to educate their sons in the
best manner, sending out schoolmastersabroad
over every State in the Union, will conduce
rnost to the prosperity and the perpetuity of
the Union.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I shall vote for this bill and hope to see it
pass. While it is true that England appro-
priated only $150,000 in 1840 for the purposes
of education, and in 1871 appropriated for
that purpose $6,000,000; while it is true that
in Italy there are eighty-nine educational
institutions with an average of eleven profes-
sors for each to give technical instruction  
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me, the State of Ohio appropriates more
money every year for education than is appro-
priated by Great Britain.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. While it is true
that the population of this country in the year
1900 will be one hundred millions, and in fifty
years from this we will probably have one
hundred and fifty millions of population, and
while it is true that the stability of our insti-
