526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
lotions depends in a good degree upon the
intelligence of our people, I do not think that
this measure is subject to the criticism that it
is wasting either the public lauds or the public
money. Sir, the public lands should be appro-
priated to the promotion of education because
the property to be appropriated is that of the
> public, and the only proper use that caii be
i made of it is to devote it to a permanent public
beneficial purpose. If this disposition is not
made of these lands they will soon disappear
as slow before the snn, without leaving any
lasting benefit to the couutry. They will dis-
appear under the grasp of railroads and the
greed of individuals. Enterprises having ref-
erence to our material prosperity may safely
be left to the self-interest of the people; but
education, on which our national prosperity
so largely depends, not appealing to personal
self-interest, demands the fostering care of the
nation.
The Government, too, has committed itself
to this policy. In 1862 an appropriation of
the public lands was made for the purpose of
creating colleges to instruct in the agricultural
and mechanical arts. They have accom-
plished great good, are popular with the peo-
ple, and the policy adopted by Congress is
approved. The United States, from its vast
extent and" fertile soil, must always be in a
preponderating degree an agricultural and
industrial country, and the development of
our nation's wealth, prosperity, and growth
will be promoted by providing this education.
There were two mistakes in the plan adopted
in 1862. One was that the amount appropri-
ated was not sufficient to sustain the institu-
tions. The appropriation as made has gathered
to itself large benefactions from individuals;
but the institutions are still insufficiently
endowed. The income from the grant to
New Jersey is only $6,969 annually. These
colleges are the wards of the nation, and it is
eminently proper, as well as a wise policy, for
the purpose of preserving the benefit of the
appropriation already made, that Congress
should adequately endow these, their own
nstitutions.
The other defect in the plan of 1862 is that
the appropriation was made in reference to the
population of the respective States, which I sub-
mit is a grave error. A college in Rhode Island
is valueless unles&it is properly sustained, and
to sustain it costs just as much as to support
a college in Ohio. You might as well say that
a man should live on less in a small State than
in a large one; or, as one of my friends whom
I now see facetiously remarked at a dinner-
table one day in reply to a lady's suggestion
that my appetite was not very good, " the
Senator eats enough considering the size of
the State from which he comes." [Laughter.]
That is quite as logical, in my opinion, as the
claim that a college in New Jersey does not
require as liberal an appropriation as one in
New York. Education is in no manner lim-
ited by State lines.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend will allow
me 1 should like to ask him a question. If I
am interrupting him, I will not do so.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly; I will
hear the Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why, then, regard State
lines at all in the establishment of these na-
tional colleges? Why not make them in dis-
tricts of country without respect to State
lines?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is only a
convenient mode of making distribution of
these institutions. Instead of having one
grand institution, which would seem to meet
the approval of some better than a number of
colleges, Congress determines to have thirty-
seven of them ; and in order that these thirty-
seven colleges may be looked after, that their
police may be attended to, that the fund may
be properly administered, refers the matter to
the States. That is the whole of it.
Education does not respect State lines.
My friend from Ohio has already called our
attention to the fact that the southern people
have been in the habit of sending their sons
to the North to receive an education. There
is no propriety in giving a large State a larger
amount of this fund than a small State. The
two evils in the act of 1862 which I have
alluded to this bill corrects. It gives a suffi-
, cient endowment to the colleges now estab
lished, thus securing the benefit of the appro
priation heretofore made, and it does not
propose that a college in a small State shall be
weak and feeble while one in a larger State
shall be abundantly endowed.
This, sir, is the best possible manner of
applying this fund to the advancement of learn-
ing. Education has always been propagated
downward. Those States that have the best
colleges have the best common schools. These
higher institutions create a taste, an appetite,
and a demand for learning, and in turn supply
the demand by affording competent teachers.
The idea that has been suggested of dis-
tributing this fund according to the illiteracy
of the people seems to me very illogical. That
those who have the least education and care
the least for it shall be intrusted with the
charge of these national institutions, and that
those who most appreciate learning are for
that reason to be deprived of the fullest facil-
ities of obtaining it, is certainly illogical; and
besides, that measure is, I understand, coupled
with the policy of giving Congress the control
oC our common-school system, which I think
is, for many reasons, not desirable.
I trust, sir, we will not fall into the error of
so distributing this appropriation that the in-
stitution must dwindle and become insignifi-
cant and valueless according to the smallness
of the State in which, for the convenience of
the General Government, it happens to be lo-
cated. And certainly there is nothing in the
suggestion that the people of the South do not
want these institutions or that they would rather
send their sons where they may enjoy the snows
of the North. The people of the South are
in just such a situation that these institutions
promoting agricultural and mechanical knowl-
edge among the people of tbose States at this
juncture of time would prove the greatest pos-
sible benefaction that could be bestowed npon
them.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not propose, Mr.
President, to discuss this bill at any length
now, for I am not prepared to say even what
will be my vote upon some measure properly
matured. I think I can say that I cannot vote
for ihis bill in its present form ; but whether
I might not vote for some other measure that
should more commend itself to my judgment
and my sense of justice than this one does I
do not yet know. I must wait until I see some
such measure proposed.
This bill is nothing but a bill to take money
out of the Treasury of the United States. All
there is in it about land is a mere blind ; the
substance of the bill is to take money out of
the Treasury of the United States. Perhaps
lam wrong in using the term "thebill." I
ought rather to say the amendment offered by
the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,]
for the bill itself does propose another batch
of land scrip or land warrants—the very thing
which has given rise to more injury and more
complaint in the new States than any other
measure touching the public lands that Con-
gress ever adopted. My colleague is entirely
right in what he says on that subject. And
this land scrip, too, that was issued for these
very agricultural colleges, in more instances
than one has been sacrificed in the most shame-
less manner, aid has produced nothing like
the benefit that was expected to be produced
by it by Congress when the law of 1862 was
enacted.
Take my own State, sir. I think the land
warrants that were granted to the State of
Ohio were sold for less than sixty cents an acre ;
and if' my recollection is right, the average
was only about fifty three or fifty-five cents ar.
acre ; while in the State of New York, owing
to the wisdom of the board that managed it
there, and the liberality of one man, their war-
rants realized them two or three dollars or
more an acre You find that in some of the
States these warrants produced scarccly more
than fifty cents on the dollar 
Mr. CASSERLY. Some less.
Mr. THURMAN. Some less; while in
others, owing to the public spirit of private
individuals, as in the case of New York, where
Mr. Cornell took them and paid a large price,
paid two dollars or more an acre for the land,
it is a magnificent endowment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. In my State the warrants
brought only forty-two cents.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Rhode
Islaud tells me the scrip in his State brought
but forty-two cents an acre. Now, in view
of that, 1 do not wonder that the Senator from
Vermont proposes to strike out the whole bill
and insert his amendment.
But what is his amendment? Why, sir, all
there is in that about public lands is "mere
leather and prunella." It is, when you come
to look at it, simply an appropriation of from
twenty-five to thirty million dollars out of the
public Treasury; and the Senator ought to
strike out everything there is in it about public
lands. He may say that the public lands are
put in there for the purpose of regulating the
amount of appropriation each year; that is to
say, that the appropriation shall be just equal
to the proceeds of the sales of the public lands
for that year. That is a very bad way, it
seems to me, to appropriate money, and I am
not certain that it is a very constitutional way
to appropriate money. It makes the appro-
priation very uncertain, and it interferes en-
tirely with our whole land system.
It does seem to me, therefore, that the Sen-
ator from Vermont should strike out every-
thing there is in the amendment about lands,
if he intends to make an appropriation sub-
stantially, as this is, out of the Treasury of
the United States. But I know it is easy to
put in that these are to be the proceeds of
the public lands, because Congress for many
years—I do not know for how long a time—
has seemed to have had a perfect mania for
giving away the public lands ; and the be .t way
to get rid of the public lands is to introduce
some bill to give them away. Now it seems
that here is a new inveution ; that when you
want to give money out of the Treasury the
best way is to call it giving away the public
lands or the proceeds of the public lands. A
bill that could not pass if it provided for taking
money right out of the Treasury, without say-
ing anything about public lands, is expected
to pass if you call that money the proceeds of
the public lands.
Mr. President, let us look a little at what
these public lands are. The first public lands
the United States ever got were obtained by
the cession of one State, the State of Virginia.
The State of Virginia ceded almost the whole
of what was called the Northwest—Ohio, Indi-
ana, Illinois, Michigan, and part of Wisconsin
and Minnesota. That Northwest territory was
ceded by the State of Virginia on the recom-
mendation of the Continental Congress ; and
why was it so ceded? The reasons are stated;
for the purpose of enabling the Government
to defray the expenses of the revolutionary
war, and, that being done, for the benefit of
the people of the United States. That was
the trust upon which the Government received
that land—to employ it to defray the debt of
the Revolution, and the residue for the ben-
efit of the people of the United States. Sub-
stantially all that land is gone. Here and
there there may be some small parcels of land
that are still left to the United States within
that grant, but substantially it is all gone.
What other land did the United States
obtain? It obtained by grant from the State
of Georgia a large body of land embraced in
