1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
what are now the States of Alabama and Mis-
sissippi. That land is all gone, too. There
is no public land left there any more, or none
worth mentioning.
Where, then, does the United States derive
title to the public land it now owns? By pur-
chase or as indemnity from Mexico at the
close of the Mexican war. That is all. The
Government of the United States has paid out
of the public Treasury for almost every acre
of land that it now owns; it did not obtain it
by gift as in the case of the grant by Virginia
and the grant by Georgia, but it obtained it
by paying for it as in the case of Florida,
where it bought the territory from Spain and
paid for it; as in the case of Louisiana, which
embraced nearly all the land we own from the
Mississippi river to the crest of the Rocky
mountains, where we obtained it by purchase
from France and paid for it out of the money
of the people.
Then we have some land which we obtained
from Mexico as indemnity at the close of
the war, and a large strip which we bought
from Mexico long after the Mexican war, now
embraced in the Territory of Arizona; and we
have also land in Oregon and in Washington
Territory. I said that oar title to all the land
we hold was acquired by purchase; but that
was a mistake, for in respect to our lands in
Oregon we claimed title to them by right of
discovery; and so in respect to the lands in
Washington Territory up to the forty-ninth
parallel. We claimed that by right of discov-
ery, some of us—my friend who sits before me
[Mr. Hamlin] and myself went for 64° 40' ; but
we did not get it. And then we have Alaska,
which we bought and paid for.
It will be seen, Mr. President, that the
public lands which we now own are lands paid
for with the money of the people; and when
you undertake to distribute this money, if you
have any right to do it, to disburse the pro-
ceeds of this property which was bought with
the money of the people, I want to know on
what principle of justice or equity yoa can
give to three hundred thousand people the
same amount that you do to four million and
a half. And yet that is precisely what this
bill is, and it is precisely what this amend-
ment is. I do not see that you can upon any
principle that I am aware of, either of justice
or of constitutional law, provide that this
property, which is the property of the whole
people, bought with the money of the whole
people, shall be distributed in this unequal
manner. If not, why can you not distribute
any other tax in this way ? Do not call this
the proceeds of the public lands; take the cus-
toms duties ; why not take $30,000,000 of the
customs duties - and say it shall be divided
among the States, not in proportion to the
population, not in the proportion in which
they pay taxes, but that you will give to three
hundred thousand people in Vermont the same
amount that yon do to four and a half million
people in New York? Why not do it? It
is precisely the same thing. You cannot hide
this by calling it the proceeds of the public
lands, for, as I have said, the public lands
were. bought with our money, the money of
all the people, the taxes derived from all the
people; but to that fund with which these
lands were purchased New York contributed
five times, nay ten times, as much as the State
of Vermont. Ohio contributed six or seven
or eight times as mnch as the State of Ver-
mont to that fund with which these lands were
purchased. Now, Mr. President, with what
justice can it be said that the proceeds of this
property shall be divided between all the
States, without any respect whatsoever to their
population ?
I am in favor of maintaining the compro-
mises of the Constitution as much as anybody.
I am in favor of every State, no matter how
small, having all the lights that the Constitu-
tion gives it. I always have been in favor of
that, although I have sometimes thought that
if all State rights are to be overthrown and
this is to be one grand, consolidated govern-
ment without any limitation whatsoever upon
its powers, the time will come when four mil-
lion and a half of people in New York will
i not submit to a perfect equality in this Cham-
ber with fifty thousand people .out in the State
of Nevada. But, as 1 have said, I am in favor
of the compromises of the Constitution and for
standing by them ; but that has nothing to do
with this question of how you shall take the
taxes drawn from the people and bestow them.
I say that if you undertake to do that, apart
from any question of its policy, you must do it
upon some system of justiceand right, and not
by referring to State lines as this bill does ; and
if you come to the question of policy, it is a
very impolitic thing. There is no necessity
for it; for really if you want to make the
largest appropriations without regard to pop-
ulation, you should make them where they are
most needed.
Now take Massachusetts: it is far easier
for Massachusetts to establish an agricultural
| department at Harvard, and a well-endowed
one too, and one that would be as efficient as
any such department will be in any college—
it is far easier for her to do it without one sin-
gle dollar of the public money being voted for
that purpose than it is to establish such a col-
lege in Texas if you were to give her $3,000,000
to-day; not because the people of Texas are
|' not intelligent, not because they do not want
education, but because theirs is a sparsely
settled country, and institutions of this kind
1 grow up in densely populated and extremely
rich countries, and it is much more easy there-
fore to establish such an institution even by
voluntary contribution in a State like Rhode
Island or a State like Massachusetts than it
is to establish it, eTen if you give a magnificent
national endowment, in the State of Texas.
But if you are to look simply to the necessities
of education, then instead of giving an equal
amount to the State of Rhode Island with the
State of Texas you should give far more to
Texas than you give to Rhode Island, because
Rhode Island can easily establish a college
without your aid at all, bat Texas might not
be able to do so.
The bill may pass this body; I do not know
how that is; bat I do not think it can pass at
all if this feature is retained in the bill. But
there are other things, Mr. President. If
Congress is to take the subject of education
into its hands I pray to know where in the
world is to be an end of our expenses ? In
the State of Ohio alone we expend $12,000,000
every year for the support of public schools,
raised by direct taxation annually, every dol-
lar of it. My friend from New York says that
New York expends $19,000,000, if I under-
stand him correctly.
Mr. CONKLING. Sometimes more.
Mr. THURMAN. Every year that money
is raised by direct taxation ; and that is apart
from the expenses of colleges, .universities,
and normal schools, and all things of that
kind. That is the expense of the common
school system alone.
Now, if the General Government is to take
charge of all education in the country, as it
seems to be the desire of some people that
it shall do, we may see from the expenses of
education in a single State what are likely to
be the expenses of the General Government
when it takes charge of the education of the
country. Where is it to end? What is to
be the amount of it? I do not know how
you are to raise your money. Y ou talk about
paying interest on the public debt, paying
pensions, and the like. I do not see where
you are to get the money to do all these things
if you are to take charge of theeducation of
the country and draw all that into the hands
of Congress.
Why, Mr. President, it seems that in the
minds of some gentlemen this is one of the
best times in the world to vote away money, as
if this Government did not owe a dollar, as if
money was as plentiful as the leaves of the
forest, as if there were no cry from one half of
this Republic, as there is at this moment, that
the stringency of the money market never was
equaled within the knowledge of man in the
United States—and my friend from Vermont
will find that that is the cry from every State
west of the Alleghany mountains—as if there
was nothing in the world to do but to pass appro-
priation bills. It does seem as if the most
popular measure that can be proposed is either
to give away some of our resources or vote
away money. I do think that it is time for us
to pause before we do any such thing.
I confess I have not very sanguine hopes of the
successoftheseinstitutions; anditisnews tome
to hear gentlemen talk about the great success
that has attended these agricultural colleges.
I have never before heard of one of them that
was a great success; but perhaps that shows
my need of education, but I do not know
where in the world those that have been suc-
cessful are. I have never heard of them, and
I will tell my friends who say that they have
been that I will not take the word of their
boards of trustees and the like, who are sup-
ported by these institutions, as to their success.
I want something more than that before I
d etermine whether they arc a success or not.
But I do not know that I may not be willing
to help them, though I am satisfied that they
have not been great successes. If they are
they do not need any farther help. I am sat-
isfied that many of them are what commercial
men call " lame ducks," and I do not know but
I should be willing to help splinter their lame
legs a little, but 1 cannot do it by such a bill
as this.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, to me
this is a question of great magnitude, and I
think the Senate may well discuss it. I favor
the bill; and when I have heard the objec-
tions urged by the distinguished Senators from
Ohio I am only the more clearly decided to
vote for it, because any measure that has their
united support or opposition, if it is not de-
feated, certainly is very meritorious. I think
those Senators have said all that can be said
against this bill.
The able argument of the Senator from
Ohio who last addressed the Senate on the sub-
ject [Mr. Thurman] puts in issue ingeniously
the question of title to the American domain.
There is no such question here, sir. If indeed
there was, if the money had to be taken out
of the pockets of the people of the United
States to pay for this land, then well might his
objections apply. They do not now, however.
There is no question upon that subject as to
the manner in which we may have acquired
our public domain. However we may have
paid for it, there is nothing due from the Gov-
ernment of the United States for any land that
is owned by the Union. So much for that
branch of the subject.
But, says the distinguished Senator who
first raised the objection, [Mr. Sherman,] the
Constitution isthus and so. Mr. President, it
is most remarkable that with all the legal lore,
with all the intellect, with all the acquire-
ments known to an American Senator, the
Constitution is invoked upon any nnd almost
every occasion, and it is so elastic that it is
neither one thing nor another; but it is every-
thing, just as the moment may prompt in ar-
gument. I do not understand it so. The
Constitution is certainly with me the second
great writing that is known to man. No ob-
jection can be found in the Constitution, so
far as it is known to me, touching this branch
of the subject. It speaks of equal taxation ;
but in the same section you will find ample
authority for action on- the part of Congress
directly, such as is contemplated in this bill.
What is that ? It is for the general welfare
