1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1491
of February, 1864, by deed of that date, re-
corded in book six of deeds, page 387, records
of said Los Angeles county.
The third section provides that this act shall
not take effect and the surrender of said prem-
ises shall not be made by the United States to
Phineas Banning and Benjamin D. Wilson
until the Secretary of War shall have disposed
of the buiidings thereon ; and that the Secre-
tary of War is authorized to remove said build-
ings, or to sell the same, as shall be most for
the interest of the United States.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Has this
bill been examined by any committee?
Mr. COGHLAN. The Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs have examined it, and are unan-
imously in favor of it; and it is recommended
by the Secretaryof War.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read three times,
and passed.
Mr. COGHLAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
anthony lawson and thomas a. brewis.
Mr. KERR. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report a bill for
the relief of Anthony Lawson and Thomas A.
Brewis.
The bill was read, and directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Anthony Lawson and
Thomas A. Brewis, or their heirs, assigns, or
personal representatives the amount, without
interest, of the proceeds of the sale for direct
taxes due the United States of certain lots in
Alexandria, Virginia, less the taxes, costs, and
legal charges; provided that before receiving
said payment said Lawson and Brewis, or
their heirs, shall execute a full and quit-claim
for the same.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not object to this bill;
but I had supposed that all matters of this
class should properly go to the Committee of
Claims. If the Committee of Ways and Means
have time enough to investigate such matters,
they have more time than we have generally
supposed. I do not, however, object to the
bill.
Mr. KERR. I wish to say that we have
examined these matters with great care and
closeness.
Mr. HOLMAN. What surprises me is that
the Committee of Ways and Means should have
such ample leisure.
Mr. KERR. I do not see why the gentle-
man should be surprised that we are able to
perform our duty. We have never failed to do
so, as far as I am aware. I am willing to com-
pare our record with that of the Committee of
Claims.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R. No.
4003) was read a first and second time, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
Mi KERR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. AMBLER. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House resumes the consideration
of the joint resolution reported from the Com-
mittee on Printing, in regard to the publication
of the debates. On this question the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to make
an inquiry of the Chair and of the gentleman
from Indiana in regard to the business now
before the House. I do not wish to antagon-
ize any legislation which may be necessary
in regard to the publication of debates. I am
desirous that legislation should be had upon
that subject; and I am willing the discussion
of the question should go on, provided a time
can now be fixed for a vote. If gentlemen
interested in this question can agree that in
half an hour, or one hour, from now the pre-
vious question shall be considered as ordered
and a vote taken, I shall not interfere. I ask
gentlemen who have charge of this measure
whether that arrangement will be satisfactory
to them?
Mr. KERR. In reply to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] I will say that I
think it is practicable to submit this question
to a final vote within a very short time; but I
am really unable to fix the time now. It may
take an hour, or probably a little longer. I
intend myself to occupy only a short time; but
there are several other gentlemen who desire
to be heard on this subject, including the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Beatty,] the chair-
man of the committee, who wishes to be heard
at some little length in addition to what he
has already said; and the discussion which
will thus take place may lead to a desire for
further debate. In view of the somewhat
irregular relation in which I stand to this bill
I do not feel at liberty to cut off debate or to
attempt to control it. I do not think that I
ought to do so.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is not the gen-
tleman willing to have the previous question
ordered now ? He will then have his hour,
and at the end of it a vote can be taken.
In behalf of the public business, I ask the
gentleman to consent to this, in order that I
may not be required to antagonize this bill
with other business.
Mr. KERR. I do not want the previous
question seconded now, because there are
amendments which gentlemen desire to offer ;
and I wish every latitude in that respect left to
the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman give way to allow me to move that (.he
previous question shall be considered as ordered
after all amendments are in? If this under-
standing prevails we can conclude this business
in a short time.
Mr. KERR. I do not think I can consent
to that. The relation I occupy to this bill is
peculiar. I prefer the gentlemen should test
the sense of the House on taking up some
other bill.
Mr. AMBLER. Let me suggest, then, to the
gentleman from Indiana that, by unanimous
consent, an arrangement be made to take a
vote within, say, au hour and a half from this
time. I understand the gentleman to say that
he thinks more than an hour will be required
for the debate.
Mr. KERR. 1 do not know that such will
be the case ; I say it may be. I have no desire
that the debate shall occupy more than an hour.
Mr. BEATTY. If gentlemen would let the
matter proceed we should finish it sooner than
we can reach any understanding in this way.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. All that I have
said has been with the view of bringing this
business to a conclusion. I do not wish to
obstruct the views of those who have charge
of it or are interested in it; but gentlemen
will remember that the whole of to-day, after
two o'clock, will be occupied by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs; and the appropria-
tion bills can make no further progress to-day.
Next Tuesday we enter upon another matter.
To-day, as I have said, is exclusively devoted
to the business of the Committee ou Military
Affairs, under an order made two weeks ago.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the only way
the appropriation bills were got through the
short session of the last Congress was by the
passage of a resolution, nearly a month before
the end of the session, that they were to take
precedence of all other orders. The Speaker
will bear in mind the only way the appropria-
tion bills were got through at that Congress
was the passage of that resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. And if you do not
such a resolution again you will not get your
bills through this session.
The SPEAKER. With the exception of
the order for this afternoon in favor of the
Committee on Military Affairs, and one other
which the Committee on Foreign Affairs will
insist upon, it is entirely within the scope of
the majority of the House to keep the appro-
priation bills ahead of everything else.
Mr. DAWES. Unless a majority of the
House go with the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and put his bills
before all others, they cannot be got through.
Mr. RANDALL. He has not asked that
yet.
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing has a bill before the House,
which comes over as unfinished business, and
is the regular order immediately after the
reading of the Journal. On that the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] is entitled to
the floor. Should he not go on, of course
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Beatty] can
demand the previous question on the bill, and
that will bring the House to a vote.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man allow me to move at the expiration of one
hour from this time the previous question, or
will he allow it to be considered as having
already been ordered?
The SPEAKER. There is no necessity of
doing that by unanimous consent which can be
as well done under the rules of the House.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] is
entitled to the floor, and he can proceed or
surrender the floor. If he proceeds he is enti-
tled to an hour, and at the end of that hour the
Chair will recognize the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing, who can test the sense of
the House by demanding the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will thegentle-
man let me demand the previous question on
the bill now, and that will bring the question to
a vote at the end of an hour ? If the gentleman
from Indiana will give way I will demand the
previous question at this time.
Mr. KERR. I do not yield.
The SPEAKER. Then thegentleman must
proceed or surrender the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If I have the floor
I will move to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the appro-
priation bill.
Mr. BEATTY. I do not agree to that.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Indiana surrender the floor it will be the duty
of the Chair to recognize the chairman of the
Committee on Printing to test the sense of
the House on the demand for the previous
question. That failing, then the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations will be
recognised to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. The gentle-
man from Indiana will decide what course to
Mr. KERR. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] now asks to take the sense
of the House whether to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
for the consideration of the appropriation bill
or not. Must I go on now rather than sur-
render the floor to move to make that motion 1
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman sur-
render the floor he surrenders it absolutely.
Mr. KERR. I do not do that.
The SPEAKER. Then it is a matter for
the Chair to recognize him again or not.
Mr. KERR. Can I do that?
The SPEAKER. The fair proceeding
would be on the part of the Chair to recognize
the chairman of the Committee on Printing to
test the House on a demand for the previous
question. If that fails, then the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations would be
recognized to submit his motion.
Mr. KERR. I move the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, to take up the appropria-
tion bill.
