528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
of the United States. Will the distinguished
Senator tell me that this bill does not con-
template the general welfare of the citizens of
the United States? Most assuredly it does.
Gentlemen have spoken of the mode of dis-
tribution here provided for, and pointed us to
the State of New York. Why do they speak
of New York ? To invoke that mighty power
in this land which we are all glad to recog-
nize ftnTl realize. The American citizen that
is not proud of the name of New York, that
great emporium, certainly is not American-
ized to a proper degree. But their modesty
prompts them to use the name of "New
York," thereby for the time being protect-
ing the great State that we are likewise
proud of, Ohio, that they so ably represent.
And one of my friends comes down to Texas
and tells us that it is not exactly doing jus-
tice to Texas, and the place he puts by
the side of Texas is Rhode Island. Now,
Texas asks nothing invidious on this subject
as between Rhode Island and herself. Equal
rights, ia the spirit of the Constitution, is all
she wants. I would go back and say, "Yes,
let Texas and Rhode Island stand exactly
upon the same conditions."
But it is said that this is invidious ; that here
are States with meager populations and here
are the Territories themselves, and this is
voting too much to a Territory or to a small
State. I think not. It is equal and uniform.
The States are all equal in many particulars,
and were so intended to be by the framera of
this great work, the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. For instance, Delaware, the
smallest State, has her two Senators on this
floor exactly and as proper as the mighty State
of New York or Ohio.
Then when we. speak of this general fund,
gentlemen say again, arguing ingeniously,
" this, it must be remembered, is not a vote
for appropriating lands; it is an act directing
a certain amount of money to be withdrawn,
from the Treasury of the United States."
True; bat how is it placed in the Treasury of
the United States? The bill explains that
It is from the sale of lands. To whom do the
lands belong? Not to the State of New York
or the State of Ohio alone, but to Delaware
and Texas, and all others precisely alike;
and no invidious distinctions should be made
between one and another. "Ah, but," say
they, " go to one of these Territories and take
that case." Now, what are the facts there ?
There are even two sides on that extreme
branch of the -question. I advocate putting
the Territories on an equality for the very
reason that my distinguished friend opposes
it. It is known that there is a great deal of
anxiety felt in the United States—nay, sir, in
the individual States, every one of them, in
all the southern States more particularly, and
in the great northwestern States and Terri-
tories—on the subject of immigration. We are
inviting all good men—we do not want others—
to come to the shores of America. We give
them homesteads broadcast throughout the
Territories. Wherever there is public land
they have a right to come and locate, and, un-
der the act of Congress, they become bonajide
holders of the land after having done and per-
formed the acts required by Congress.
Now, what better invitation can we give to
the people of the civilized world than the enact-
ment of this law ? Why, sir, it will be heralded
abroad in all the countries of civilization that
there is an act recently passed by the Congress
of the United States, in connection with the
former law of homesteads, saying that there is
a provision for all time to come to educate
your rising offspring. Can there be a better
bid, is there a more substantial one under any
circumstances? Nay, further, if I had time I
would be very willing to discuss that branch
of the subject and turn the whole question
upon it; and I would prove conclusively that
these lands would be abundantly paid for;
that the United States Treasury would be filled
by the persons settling on these lands, planting
their orchards, building their houses, tilling
their fields; that the taxation paid by them
would, at a very early day, reimburse every
dollar that the gentlemen look at so anxiously
when they speak of thirty millions. Sir, con-
template the grandeur and the greatness of
the American people when, as I hope will be
realized soon, though it may be when we are j
dead and gone, our country shall loom up to :
one hundred or one hundred and fifty mil-
lions of population, and this will be a grand,
a permanent, and a growing fixture, if you
please, for your rising offspring of enlightened
minds; and that is the way to enlighten them.
Ah, but, says my friend, the Senator from
Ohio who first addressed the Senate on
the subject, why provide for educating the
young men of the South? They will go North
for their education ; they prefer to do so, to get
in the cold snows. I do not know whether my
friend was sincere in that or not. He gener-
ally is ; he argues invariably as though he was;
but that is an up-hill proposition. Why have
they sent their children north ? It was for the
want of such an appropriation as this, and
indeed it is a matter of time ; age was required.
Why have the people of the South sent north
for their plows, for their mowing machines, for
their shoes, for their domestics and calicoes,
and every description of goods known to the
American people ? Because they had not age,
they had not capital, they had not enterprise,
they had not mechanical genius to develop and
do for the South that which their fellow-citi- 1
zens had praiseworthyly done in the North, and j
which I hope they will continue to do, and yet
at an early day—and it is already being fore- I
shadowed—I hope the South is going to look
at her interest ia these particulars. We want
to become the rivals and only the rivals of the
North, that we love, because they are part and
parcel of this great nation, and I know no dif-
ference between North and South, East and
West; bat it is said'' charity begins at home.''
We want to do in the South that which they
have been successfully doing in the North.
We want to build up aU manner of manufac-
tures ; we want fine schools there. Let them
intermingle, and the day is not distant when
northern meh will more naturally prefer to
send their children down where they can reach
up and draw to them pleasantly and beauti-
fully an orange every month of the year rather
than to go to the North, where you are frozen
up one half of the year, with your steamboats,
cars, and engines unable to move. Mr. Presi-
dent, that is a mistake on the part of the honor-
able Senator. The South has her claims
naturally, which will be recognized if you do
the justice, which I have no hesitancy in say-
ing you will do, judging from your action on
different occasions since I have been here.
Now, I ask if there can be a constitutional
objection raised on this proposition. Here is
the little State of Delaware; there is Texas,
with her mighty area. Delaware ask3 an ap-
propriation of $250,000 for a place for some
breakwater, and she may ask it properly, too,
and it is voted and accorded her. Galveston,
on the borders of Texas, asks for $50,000. It
may be accorded her. Is there anything un-
constitutional in that $250,000 being voted for
little Delaware and only $50,000 for Texas?
Not a bit of it; it is upon merit. It is upon
merit that this bill proposes to give this great
boon to the children now living and those that
are to succeed from time to time. There can
be nothing more magnanimous, nothing more
legitimate ; and as to the constitutionality of
the proposition, it is unmistakable. Why, sir,
the proposition might be very well illustrated
by saying that there was a great parental fund
that my distinguished friend, the senior Sena-
ator from Ohio may have. I donotknow how
many his happy household is composed of, but
he may have a dozen sons and daughters for
aught I know; I hope he has, all good ones.
If so, does he intend to give to the elder, who
is now out in business perhaps, and doing
well, everything that he possesses, or two
thirds, or three fourths of it, as the case may
be, or more than the younger? Not a bit of
it; he is for justice to them all; and I think
whenever this matter is contemplated seriously,
it will be looked upon as one of the best acts
passed by the Congress of the United States,
and I most earnestly hope that we shall real-
ize it at an early moment.
■ Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President, I do
not propose to discuss this question at any
length, nor can I claim that eloquence which
my friend from Tex,as always displays when he
speaks to the Senate; but I wish to say sim-
ply a word in reply to some remarks that fell
from the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman. ]
I would say, however, before doing so, that I
; do not accord with all that I hear said from
time to time on the subject of agricultural and
mechanical education.
So far as agricultural education and mechan-
ical education specifically are concerned, that
education is professional and sustains the
same relation to general culture that the study
of law or of divinity does to general education ;
and you cannot take a green, ignorant boy,
and put him into an agricultural school or a
mechanical school, and make a first-class man
of him without general knowledge and general
discipline and culture, acquired by years of
study, any more than you can make a first-class
lawyer or divine without any previous train-
ing. And this matter of terms is a matter of
fashion. Education is education, whether it is
agricultural or mechanical, or any other.
What the boy wants is intellectual culture and
mental furniture, and I believe that the ori-
ginal bill drawn by my friend from Vermont is
broad enough in its provisions to cover that
general culture which I think is absolutely
essential to a first-class farmer or a first-class
mechanic. Anybody knows who has studied
the history- of these matters that the discov-
eries in science, and in the great forces which
are applied to the industries of the country and
of the world, are made mainly by men of
learning, and that the inventions by which
-these forces are applied to industry and by
which machines are made to do the work of
man, arc made by practical men familiar with
the mechanical forces and the use of ma-
chinery; and I suppose the object of these
agricultural and mechanical schools is to raise
up a class of farmers and of mechanics who
shall be inventors, and who shall give dignity
and power to the agricultural and mechanical
professions.
My friend from Ohio went on to give us the
origin of our public domain, the sources from
whence it was derived; and the result of all
that interesting history is that our public do-
main has been derived either by purchase or
by conquest, and is the property of the people
of the whole country. If that is so, is it not
just that the proceeds of that public domain
should go to the people of the whole country,
and not be absorbed and monopolized by the
people of the new States only, the later and
the larger States?
But the gentleman says that in making the
division of proceeds of the sales of public
lands the population of a State should de-
termine the amount which each State should
have, that the distribution should be made-pro
rata. Well, sir, I will admit that as a prin-
ciple that is correct; but the establishment of
a college or a school is somewhat different from
other uses to which money could be applied.
The students who come into our colleges are
not shut out by State" lines. Why, sir, the
colleges of our older and eastern States are
filled by students from the States which have
come into the Union recently and the larger
States. One half, I think I might say more
than one half, of the students in the college
