1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
529
established in the town where I reside, Dart-
mouth College, come from States beyond our
boundary, many of them from the State of
Ohio, others from the great State of New
York ; so that that becomes in one sense a
national institution ; it is open to tbo sons of
our farmers and mechanics from the whole
Union, not from the State of New Hampshire
only ; and as it was well said by the Senator
from New Jersey, it costs as much to establish
a first-class college in a small State and an old
State as it does in a large State, and that col-
lege established in a small State may give
education to as many students as the college
in a large State, and may give education to men
from the larger and newer States.
Besides, the son of a farmer or a mechanic
born in New Hampshire and educated in Ne.«
Hampshire may settle in Wisconsin, or Iowa,
or Nebraska; go there when he terminates his
education, literary or professional, and cast
his lot with the people of those States. Is it
not quite as important to the people among
whom he shall settle that he should be ed-
ucated as it is for us where he was born?
Why, sir, the college is of as much advantage
to States beyond our limits as it is to our own
State. It is because a literary institution or a
college is of general advautage that this bill
has beeu framed as it is.
My friend says it is virtually taking so much
money out of the Treasury and giving it to the
States. Dr. Franklin said a great while ago
that a man who empties his purse into his
head makes an investment which cannot be
taken from him.
Mr. THURMAN. If my friend believes
that the people need a great deal more per
head in his State than mine, if he puts it on
that ground, I do not know bat that I quite ;
agree.
Mr. PATTERSON. You mean on account
of tbe heads being larger. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. No, more money to the
head being required.
Mr. PATTERSON. I was referring to
what Dr. Franklin said, that the man who
empties his purse into his head makes an in-
vestment which cannot be taken from him ;
but that was only half the truth. It is equally
true that the man who does invest his property '
in his head will in time be able to empty his ,
head into his pocket. Why, sir, it has been
proved by a generalization of a large range
of facts that the productiveness of educated
labor i3 twenty seven per cent, more than the j
productiveness of uneduoated labor, and it is .
for this reason that it is the most profitable
investment that the Senator from Ohio and j
his people can make of the proceeds of the j
public lands, to empty them into the heads of
the rising generation, looking simply to the
material prosperity of this country, looking to
agriculture, looking to the mechanic arts,
looking to the fine arts, looking to commerce
and to every branch of human industry.
It is for these reasons that I am in favor of
this bill. Why, sir, the time is not very far
distant when our agriculture has got to be put
upon quite a new basis, or the productiveness
of our soil will cease to be in the future what
it. has been in the past. Every railroad and
every ship is carrying to the great markets of
the seaboard and of the world the fertility and
productiveness of our soil, and we are making
no return ; we are impoverishing ourselves of
that which is worth more than the gold of
Ophir or the diamonds of Golconda. We are
taking the elements of the soil which ulti-
mately enter into rye and oats and corn, and
carrying them away in that form and making
no return. The time is coming when our
farmers have got to be able to analyze their
soils and crops and adapt the dressing of the
soil to this higher knowledge. The time is
coming when they have got to understand the
markets of the world in order to make their
industry profitable, and hence the necessity of
42d Cong. 3d Se&s.—No. 34.
learning, of professional learning, on the sub-
ject of agriculture and mechanics.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I am
not going to be drawn into a discussion of the
general merits of education. Perhaps I would
concur with the Senator from New Hampshire
in very much that he has said on that point.
Certainly no one appreciates the advantages
of education more than I do. I have often
thought that it would be a very good saying
that education is the wealth of the poor man.
Certainly it is nearly all the wealth many of us
had in our start in life, and I am not in the
least disposed to depreciate it; but on the
contrary 1 have been friendly to education all
my life.
But that has really nothing to do with this
question. The question here is not whether
we we shall foster education or not. The
people of the United States are fostering edu-
cation. Thay are fostering it more than any
other people on the face of the globe perhaps;
at least they expend very much more money
for purposes of education per capita than any
people on the globe. There is not a more
general system of education in the United
States than there is in Prussia, but it costs us
two dollars where it costs one in Prussia. The
people of the United States are the most
liberal people in that respect to be found in
the world, for not only do they bear immense
local taxation imposed for the purposes of
education, but their voluntary contributions in
the support ot' schools that are not maintained
by public funds, in the support of colleges and
universities that depend wholly upon private
endowment, and in the gifts they make every
year to institutions of learning, show that they
appreciate learning as much as any people
that ever existed upon this globe.
Therefore, there cannot be any difference of
opinion about that. Every enlightened people
must see, end the people of this country must
see it every year, the people of every State in
this Union will realize it pretty soon, more
than they realize it even now, that if they
would be powerful and have influence they
must educate their children. That is very
certain. Any State that lags behind in the
matter of education and leaves its people
without education, that lets their school teach-
ers and their school-books and their literature
come from some other State, will let that other
State do their thinking for them in the end ; in
the end will let that other State rule them;
and the sooner every State in the Union realizes
the fact that so long as it leaves its own people
ignorant, so long will its teachers, so long will
its school-books, so long will its literature come
from some other State, and so long will it be
ruled by that other State—the sooner every
State in this Union realizes that fact, the better
will it be for its welfare and for its independ-
ence. So there cannot be any question upon
the subject of education; and no mere beauti-
ful sentences or just thoughts on this subject
can or ought to divert our attention from the
real question which is before the Senate ; and
that real question is what I have stated before.
Although public lands are mentioned in it, this
is a bill to take money out of the Treasury of
the United States, t.o take from twenty-five to
thirty millions of money out of the Treasury
of the United States, money that is the pro-
ceeds of property purchased with the common
treasure of the nation, and to which common
treasure the people of this country contributed
according to their numbers, because in the
end that is the way in which they do contrib-
ute. They contributed the money with which
these lands were purchased according to their
numbers and their wealth, mainly according
to their numbers, for the most of the money
was raised by customs duties, and therefore
was paid by the consumer, and paid often by
the poor man in a larger proportion than it
was paid by the wealthy man, because the
poor man consumed more than the wealthy
man did. The question, then, is whether or
not you shall thus take the money after it has
come into the Treasury, the public money
raised by all the people in proportion to their
numbers and wealth, and distribute it in the
unequal manner that this bill provides.
Suppose it was a bill for common schools,
would anybody pretend to defend it? Would
anybody pretend to say that the Government
\ of the United States by a general law, a law
to exist for long years to come, should appro-
i priate as much for the education of the chil-
dren of Nevada as it does for the education
of all the children in the State of New York,
I where there are more than a hundred times
! as many people as there are in the State
of Nevada? That you should give one
hundred per child in Nevada to every one
dollar that you give in New York? If you
apply it to common schools, you see at once
nobody would think of defending it; but it is
precisely the same in principle, and this is
: only the stepping stone to taking all the sys-
tems of education in the whole country into
the hands of the General Government.
Sir, I can understand one reason for this
bill, and that is that if you divert $3,000,000
J from the Treasury every year for this purpose,
'] that money must be supplied in some other
1 way; it must be supplied by high customs
I duties, or by maintaining internal taxation at
a high rate in order to supply the deficit, to
supply the want of what you have given away;
and I can very well understand that that will
tend to keep up high tariffs. I can very well
understand, therefore, why those who are in
favor of high protective duties are in favor of
everything that takes money out of the Treas-
ury and creates a necessity for such duties.
That I can understand; but how anybody,
looking at it simply on its own merits, can
come to the conclusion that it is fair and rigl.t
to take the public money and distribute it in
this wholly unequal manner, is really more
than I can comprehend.
It will not do to say, as the Senator from
New Hampshire said, that as many youths may
go to a college in New Hampshire as to a
college in New York or Ohio. I grant that
they may. There has been a time when there
were a great many more in Yale, and I believe
there are to-day, than in any college in the
United States; and perhaps the same thing
may be said of Harvard; but that does not
answer the question at all. Thisbill goes upon
the idea of erecting a college in each State,
that each State shall have its college, and if
each State is to have its college, and s,uch a
college as this bill contemplates, then the idea
of the bill is that the youth of that State shall
have right in their own State, at their own
doors, the means of education. If that is to
be the case, then this bill does not go upon the
theory that the youth of one State are to be
compelled to go off to some other State.
Youths of other States have gone to Harvard
and to Yale. Why? Becausetheyoouldgeta
better education there than they could in their
own State, because those institutions were
better endowed, had a larger and better faculty,"
more means of instruction, and therefore
youths went off to them. It is not so much
so now, and it will be less so in the future
as other institutions grow up.
Take your own State, sir, [Mr. Ferry, of
Michigan, in the chair.] The University of
Michigan, I think, has more students than any
other college or university in the United States,
and yet it is a comparatively new institution.
I think the time will come when jt will not be
so fashionable to send off children four, five,
or six hundred miles to receive an education,
and for the reason that each State will have a
good institution within its own borders. That
is the idea of this bill, and that being the idea
of this bill, it will not do to say that there
may come students from other States to New
Hampshire, or to Vermont, ort,o Rhode Island.
