18T3.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
193
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Equalization of Bounties—Mr. Bunnell.
Ho. of Reps.
repeal of the roatrictive clause relating to transfers
and assignments. But even if it be not so followed,
I am led to believe that the power of this office will
be found entirely inadequate to repress the multi-
tudinous evasions and frauds which may be antici-
pated. under the practical operation of the act.
" These several objections to the act under consid-
eration, weighty as they seem to me to be, are yet
trivial beside that which is suggested by a reference
to page 3 of my official report for 1872, just issued.
It is therein shown, first, that the total area of all
our land, States and Territories, is 1,834,998,400 acres;
second, that the entire area of lands surveyed by
the (Government from the first institution of a
method of public surveys by the ordinance of May
25,1785, to June 30,1872, was 583,364,780 acres; third,
that the entire area of public lands yet to be sur-
veyed in all the land States and Territories is
1,251,633,620 acres.
"By a logical deduction from this exhibit it would
appear that, should the future surveys of the public
lands be prosecuted at the average rate of the past
eighty-seven years, more than half acentury will be
required to complete surveys sufficient to satisfy the
claims arising under the proposed act."
It may not be agreeable information that
some of the soldiers would be compelled to
wait fifty years to have the public lands sur-
veyed before their certificates could be located,
yet such would appear to be the case according
to the Land Commissioner.
Fortunately for the soldier, who cannot be
forgotten or very long put off, and for the
country, the evils which would flow from a
passage of the Holman bill are attracting the
serious attention of the whole country. The
very general condemnation of the measure
foreshadows its speedy defeat. The Senate
will give it full consideration. In condemn-
ing the bounty bill very many leading papers
in the country call attention to the equalization
of bounties. I will read a few articles which
I have collected, after calling attention to a
joint resolution of the assembly and senate of
the State of Wisconsin :
"Whereas said bill is not satisfactory to either
soldiers or citizens, for the reason it would place
such a large portion of our public domain in the
hands ofspeculators, and the soldiers.the true parties
to be aided, would receive but a small benefit in
comparison to the largo amount of land appropri-
ated: Therefore,
Risolved by the assembly, (the senate concurring,)
That our Senators and Representatives in Congress
be, and they are hereby, requested to use all honor-
able means to procure the passage of a law giving
to every soldier, musician, seaman, marine, and offi-
cer, or to the widow or orphan of such, as named in
the soldiers' bounty land bill now pending in the
United States Senate, a quarter section of land;
provided actual settlement is made thereon as soon
as such settlement is made; or in lieu thereof to give
each person named in such a bill the sum of $200 in
money, to be paid from the proceeds of the sale of
public lands, in installments from time to time,
and in such amounts as Congress shall direct, such
payments to be made as speedily as possible,"
I will now read the comments of some of the
leading papers:
" The soldiers' bounty land bill, now pending in
the Senate, is a bill to confer the smallest possible
benefit upon thesoldiers, at the largest possible cost
to the country. The Government long ago offered
the public lands (by the homestead law) to actual
settlers, including soldiers, for nothing. This bill
virtually repeals the homestead law, for it sweeps
away tho entire public domain. If the homestead
act was a wise and beneficent measure, this bounty
bill is an unwise and nefarious one. We lay down
tbe fact as indisputable, that no man needs to get
land for less than nothing. He ought not to have it
any cheaper. If it is the money value of the land
that is wanted, then far better would it be to ap-
propriate the amount from the Treasury, and renew
the income tax to raise it, for the land is a fixed and
limited quantity, while the money that ean be raised
by taxation is practically without limit. If the
amount of money which thesoldiers would actually
get out of the bounty land bill could be accurately
estimated and separated from the expected gains of
speculators, it would not require an enormous ap-
propriation to satisfy their claims."
Again:
"A money bounty would be exactly what it pre-
tended to be—a genuine, honest bounty of a palpable
and definite value.
"A land bounty is a cheat and a fraud; first, be-
cause it pretends to give a patent for one hundred
and sixty acres of good lands to every soldier;
whereas there are not available good lands enough
to supply one sixth of the number, so that tho other
five sixths must take scrip for worthless lands or go
without; second, the immense quantity of lands
thrown simultaneously on the market would render
them wholly worthless. It would cost the soldier
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 13.
more to enter them than he eould probably'sell them
for in fifty years.
" Moreover, the land bounty bill is a piece of gross
injustice to thesoldiers who really deserve bounty,
inasmuch as it gives the same bounty to those who
entered the service during the last yoar or two of the
war under the inducement of heavy bounties rang-
ing from three hundred to a thousand dollars, and
whose military services were very small, as to the
veterans who entered the service in 1861 or 1862
without any bounty at all, and who have only
received the $100 since donated by Congress. The
soldiers ought to have a money bounty in propor-
tion to their term of service.
"Finally, the land bounty bill is a gross injustice
to the soldiers who really want land for homes and
farms, and which they can now obtain without cost
under the soldiers' homestead law. For this bill
takes the land away from those who want it for this
purpose to give it to those who do not want to settle
on it, and will take it only to sell to speculators."
Again:
"If the Government deems it necessary to make
any further grants to soldiers or sailors in recogni-
tion of their services during the late civil war, by
all means let such gifts bo reduced to dollars and
cents, and an end made of the whole matter. But
until such shall be declared the intention, we hold
that the greatest possible benefit will accrue to the
individual soldier and to the country by continuing
in force the soldiers' homestead act, which grants
unexampled privileges to all who wish to make for
thomselves a home on Government land; and we
insist that no publio lands should be granted on any
acoount except for purposes of actual settlement."
Again:
" Soldier8' Land Grant Bill. —Should this bill pass,
the amount of publio lands required to satisfy tho
claim of the soldiers would amount to four hundred
and thirty million acres, covering an area eighteen
times as great as the StateofOhio. Thiswould prac-
tically exhaustall that is really valuable and avail-
able of our public domain. While it would be better
to grant these lands to soldiers than to donate them
to railroad corporations, we believe it the wisest to
pay the soldiers in money out oftho public Treasury,
or equalize their bounties and reserve the lands for
settlement under our present liberal homestead
laws. Tho passage of the land grant bill would result
in throwing silch an amount of land patents upon the
market that little benefit would be derived from
them by the soldiers, while speculative combinations
would be enabled to buy up and keop large tracts
subject to the curse of non-resident ownership."
Again :
" Mr. Dunnell is ontitled to the praise of his constit-
uents for his manly opposition to the soldiers' land
bounty bill now pending in Congress. It is, in its
gresent form, a stupendous swindle, designed, we
ave no doubt, for tho benefit of claim agents and
land speculators. The inevitable result of its pass-
age will be to transfer immense tracts of the public
domain into the hands of non-resident speculators,
to bo held by them for years until the improvement
of the country by actual settlersshall have increased
its value to a figure that will enable them to sell
and realize large profits on small investments. Not
one soldier in a thousand will ever see the land
which cotnes into his possession, and it will be sold
to speculators at a mere nominal price.
"Wo are not opposed to giving any reasonable
bounty to soldiers, but we protest against this
scheme to enrich speculators under the pretense of
rewarding soldiers." 4^
And again:
"We have heretofore commented at length on this
measure, showing how, if it became a law, it would
throw four or five hjindred million acres of the publio
domain mostly into the hands of speculators, while
it would benefit very few of the soldiers and sailors
of the Republic. We give the text of it, that it may
be studied by the readers of the Sentinel.
"•Our position is that if the country feels itself
under still furtherobligations to reward soldiers and
sailors who preserved the nation in the war of rebel-
lion, Congress should give each a sum of money in-
stead of land. The money would do them ten times
more good. The evil of putting vast quantities of
the public domain in the hands of rapacious specu-
lators would be avoided. Soldiers and sailors, like
other men, can now have a farm for the asking and
by settling on it. The public land must be kept for
those who will occupy it and till it. The prosperity
of the country is intimately connected with carrying
out such a policy. We therefore hope that this huge
land-grab project will be defeated in the Senate.
Soldiers and sailors who understand the question
will second the motion."
It is very fortunate for the country that
the evil consequences of the Holman bill
have been so very generally and justly appre-
ciated. In the extract made from the letter
of Hon. Mr. Julian the bad effects result-
ing from the land bounty made to those who
served in the Mexican War are clearly pointed
out and are unanswerable. How much greater
would they be now, when we have so much
.less land upon which to locate the warrants, •
and so very many more soldiers to supply?
When this is considered but for one moment
no one can fail to see that the certificates would
hardly pay the expeuse of obtaining.
As already stated, just in proportion as they!
should be purchasable at a low figure, just in
that proportion would the land speculators;
win. Should that bill become a law the sol-
diers who really want to find a quarter section'
of land for actual settlement, and who can
now do so under the homestead law and the
law of June 8, 1872, would stand but one
chance in a hundred of finding the quarter
section. i have received two or three letters,,
written by soldiers in my district, favoring this
bill. They say they want to avail themselves
of it. They undoubtedly do, but they do not
consider the chances of success under it.
Before the issue of certificates to them, an
avalanche of certificates might Be issued to
those who also want farms and those who do not
want them, and by the time they should be
served every acre for five hundred miles might
be taken.
The Senate Committee on Public Lands
have this day reported back the Holman bill,
with a recommendation that it do not pass.
The report is able and exhaustive. I ask at-
tention to the following extract:
"The bill under consideration forbids the sale of
the lands previous to the issue of the patents. The
practical operation of this provision, if it be exe-
cuted, would be manifestly unequal, and other legis-
lation providing for warrants, as in the case of the
Mexican war and in other cases, would shortly fol-
low. Tho patent cannot be obtained until the lands
have been surveyed. About eight million acres per
year is the quantity annually surveyed, and it satis-
fies the demand for settlement. At this rate of sur-
vey, all the lands each year surveyed being absorbed
by tho soldiers and sailors, forty years would be
required to patent the three hundred and twenty
million of acres estimated to be necessary to satisfy
the law that is proposed. This would postpone the
benefits designed to be conferred by the law for the
great mass of tho soldiers all the term of their
natural lives.
" But suppose that Congress should make sufficient
appropriation to provide for the immediate, or most
rapid possible survey of all the public lands, and be-
tween three and four hundred million acres should
be patented within the next five or six years. This
immense quantity of land all beiagon the market
at once, and the greater part of it being located in
such remote regions as not to be available for settle-
ment for many years, but subject to immediate tax-
ation, its price in the market would be merely nom-
inal, if, indeed, it could be salable at all.
" In case the system of bounty-land warrants were
resorted to in order to equalize the benefits conferred
by the bill—and, as above remarked, this course
seems the most probable one to be adopted—warrants
covering all the publio domain fit for settlement
would be thrown upon tho market. As not more
than eight millions per year would be required
for settlement, a large part, and indeed the larger
part of the warrants, must be held by somebody for
near agoneration; and manifestly the discount upon
them would be very great, reducing their value to a
trifling sum.
"The warrants issued to the soldiers of the Mexican
war under the acts of 1850, 1852, and 1855, covering
sixty and a quarter million acres, have not yet,
in a period of more than twenty years, been located
and absorbed. The number of warrants thrown on
the market, under operation of the laws lasf men-
tioned, redueod the price of eaeh warrant to a vory
low figure, often as low as forty cents per acre; and
now that the supply is nearly exhausted the market
value has not risen much above one dollar per acre.
" It is fair to presume that the law of demand and
supply will operate upon the price of warrants in
the future as in the past, and wnethor the system of
bounty warrants bo adopted, as in former cases, or
the restriction against selling the lands in advance
of the issue of patents, as proposed in the bill, be
rigidly maintained, the result will be that the
amount of money received by each soldier or sailor
for the sale of his warrant or of his land would be
very small, probably not exceeding the cost to tho
Government of surveying.
"On the other hand the public domain would be
transferred to speculators, with whom every pioneer,
whether native-born or immigrant, would be com-
pelled to negotiate for a home. It is manifest that
no scheme whereby the soldiers and sailors are to bo
benefited by the disposition of the public lands with-
out settlement by them ean bo effective without the
immediate sale of the lands, either by the benefi-
ciaries themselves or by the Government for them *
and it is also obvious that the immediate sale of all
the public lands, however effected, must be made at
an enormous sacrifice, and must destroy the policy
