194
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
Ho. op Reps.
Mining Interest—Mr. Armstrong.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
of the Government to furnish cheap homes to the
people.
"The motley that the Government must expend
to carry out any scheme for the immediate disposal
of the public lands would, without doubt, be as
much as it would receive as the result of such a
forced sale. Would it not, then, be far better that
the Government should give this amount of money,
and a great deal more, directly to tlio soldiers and
sailors, and retain the lands for settlement under
existing laws?
■ " The committee do not underrate the great ser-
vices of the soldiers and sailors of the war of the
rebellion in preserving our free institutions. Con-
gress has endeavored to reward them in some de-
gree by bounties and pensions, in addition to their
regular pay, and has so modified the land laws as to
sive each of them who desires to settle upon the
public lands a free home with the least possible in-
convenience.
"But the aid hereaftor to be granted to them
should be extended in such a manner, under laws
so guarded, that the benefit derived by them should
equal the full value and cost to the Government of
■whatever it gives, without destroying its homestead
and preemption policy for tho disposition of tho
public lands for actual settlement."
It would be easy to make other points or
bring other evidence; but I need not longer
ask the attention of the House. I will close
by remarking that a large portion of the pub-
lie lands would come into the possession of
soldiers who have already received large boun-
ties from the Government in addition to local
bounties, averaging from five to eight huudred
dollars more. This would be grossly unjust to
those who volunteered under the first call for
troops for the suppression of the rebellion.
What is needed is a bill to equalize bounties.
That can be done by money, and by nothing
else. We are able to do it; it is right to do it,
for it is always right to deal justly. Let the
great public domain be left open to the honest
seeker for a homestead, and forever free from
personal traffic therein, and let the soldiers be
fairly paid in money. They will be satisfied.
They will feel that they saved the Govern-
ment which knowa how to be just as well as
generous. They will, with all other citizens,
rejoice that the public lands have been pre-
served for the poor of this and other lands for
real use and development.
Mining Interests.
SPEECH OF HON. M. K. ARMSTRONG,
op dakota,
In the House of Representatives,
February 21, 1873,
On the bill to provide for sinking coal-shafts and
artesian wells in the Territories.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr, Speaker, I desire
to detain the House but a few moments in some
remarks upon the general mining and agricul-
tural interests of the Territories. On the 21st
of the present month I introduced the follow-
ing bill:
To provide for sinking coal-shafts and artesian wells
in the Territories.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congreis
assembled, That sections ono and thirty-one in each
township of prairie land in the Territories which,
at the time of its survey by the United States, is
found to contain less than one quarter section of
timber land, or to be devoid of a living lake or
stream of water, shall be set apart and the proceeds
tof sale applied, under direotionsof the Secretary of
the Interior, to the sinking of a coal-shaft or an ar-
tesian well in such township, as the absence of tim-
ber or water may require.
Sec. 2. That whenever fifty actual bona fide settlers
shall have located in any such township, and shall
petition the Secretary of the Interior, setting forth
that the wants of the settlers require the sinking of
euch shaft or well to obtain a supply of fuel or water,
it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior,
and he is hereby authorized, to apply the proceeds
of said sections one and thirty-one, under such rules
as he may prescribe, to the sinking of such r.oal-
ehaft or water-pipe in such part of said township as
he may direct; always having due regard tor the
wants of the settlers thereof, after first considering
the geological advantages of the township.
Mr. Speaker, in my own Territory of
Dakota, containing about one hundred and
fifty-six thousand square miles of land, nine-
teen twentieths of the whole area consists of
naked and treeless prairies. The soil is fer-
tile and produces a luxuriant growth of the
most nutritious grasses. Great scopes of this
prairie land is devoid of water of any living
kind, for distances ranging from twenty to
forty miles between streams. No coal as yet
has been discovered within the settled limits
of the Territory: but largo and inexhaustible
fields of valuable lignite have been found in
that portion now occupied by Indians in west-
ern Dakota. An excellent quality of coal is
also being mined in large quantities not two
hundred miles east of Dakota, in the Des
Moines valley of Iowa. The coal found in
western Iowa exists upon the same great
table land of prairie which extends westward
through Dakota, to and across the Missouri
river to the Black Hills and "Bad Lands,"
now in possession of the Sioux Indiaus.
Now, Mr. Speaker, these great plains of the
West, although fertile and beautiful, yet
almost woodless and waterless, can never be
settled by an industrious and prosperous peo-
ple until some means is adopted by the United
States Government to bring to light the hid-
den resources of fuel and water which cer-
tainly exist beneath the surface of the plains.
For seventeen years I have been personally
engaged in the survey of public lands west of
the Mississippi river, and I can point to-day
to scores of entire townships of land surveyed
by me years ago that have not at this time a
single settler within their borders. Many of
these townships contain not a bush nor a drop
of water to attract the home seeker, notwith-
standing the liberal inducements of Congress
extending to each actual settler a free home-
stead of one hundred and sixty acres.
Sir, there is no longer any necessity for this
Congress to pass homestead laws giving lands
to soldiers and citizens which they do not
want and will not take. The Government,
who is the great land owner in the Territories,
must take some steps to make its own prairies
and valleys inviting to settlers. The hidden
coal veins should be traced out and tapped by
shafts, the coal and living water should be
brought to the surface of the thirsting plain,
and forest planting should be encouraged and
fostered by a liberal provision of Congress.
All scientific explorers who have been sent
out by the United States from time to time
testify as to the mineral resources of the Ter-
ritory of Dakota. Dr. Hayden, the well-known
United States geologist, who for a number of
years has been j*>seeutiug his explorations in
the Territories under appropriations of Con-
gress, speaks as follows of the hidden resources
of Dakota:
" The Black Hills of Dakota will form one of the
most interesting studies on this continent, There
is so much regularity in the upheaval that all ob-
scurity is removed, and all the formations known in
the West are revealed in zones or belts around ,tho
granitic nucleus in their fullest development. A
careful detaftcd topographical and geological sur-
vey of this range would be a most valuable contri-
bution to science. In all the western country I have
never seen the cretaceous Jurassic, jtriassic, or red-
beds. the carboniferous and Potsdam rocks, so well
exposed for study as around tho Black Hills.
" It is one of tho wildest regions on this continont.
It has always gone by the name of 'Bad Lands;'
by tho Canadian French as ' Mauvaisee 1'erres ; ' in
the Dakota tongue, "Ma-ko4-ui-ic/ia.' These words
signify a very difficult country to travel through,
not only from the ruggedness ot the surface, but also
from tho absence of any good water and tho small
supply of wood and game. In the summer the, sun
pours its rays on the bare white walls, which arere-
flected on the weary traveler with double intensity,
not only oppressing him with tho hoat, but so daz-
zling his eyes that he is not unfrequently affected
with temporary blindness.
"I have spent many days exploring this region
when the thermometer was one hundred and twelve
degrees in tho shade and there was no water suitable
for drinking purposes within fifteen miles. But it
is only to the geologist that this place can have any
permanent attractions. He can wind his way
through the wonderful'canons among some of the
grandest ruins in the world. 'Indeed.it resembles
a gigantic city fallen to decay. Domes, towers, min-
arets, and spires may be seen on every side, which
assume a great variety of shapes when viewed in
the distance. Not infrequently the rising or tho
setting sun will light up these grand old ruins with
a wild, strange beauty, reminding ono of a city illum-
inated in tho night when seen from some high
point. Tho harder layers project from the sides of
the valley or canon with such regularity that they
appear liko soats. one above the other, of some vast
amphitheater. It is at the foot of these apparent
architectural ruins that the curious fossil treasures
are found. In the oldest beds we find the teeth and
jaws of a hyopotamus, a river horse much like the
hippopotamus, which must have sported in his pride
in tho marshes that bordered this lake. So, too,
the titanothorium, a gigantio pachyderm, was asso-
ciated with a species of hornless rhinoceros.
" .Five species of the rhinoceros roamed through
theso marshes, ranging from a small, hornless
species, about tho size of our black bear, to the
largest, which was about the size of the existing
unicorn of India. No animals of the kind now in-
habit tho western hemisphere.
"Among the thick-skinned animals wore the re-
mains of a mastodon and a large elephant, distinct
from liny others heretofore discovered in any part
of tho world. Dr. Leidy says that ' it is remarkable
that among tho remains of mammals and turtles
there aro none of crocodiles. Where were these
croaturos when the shores of the ancient Dakotan
and Nebraskan waters teemed with suoh an abund-
ant provision of savory rupainating hogs V During
the tertiary period Nebraska and Dakota were the
homes of a raco of animals more closely allied to
those inhabiting Asia and Africa now, and from
their character we may suppose that during that
period the climate was considerably warmer than it
is at prosont. The inference is also drawn that our
world, whioh is usually called the new, is in reality
tho old world, older than the eastern hemisphere.
" Ever since tho commencement of creation, con-
stant changes of form have been going on in our
earth. Oceans and mountains have disappeared
and others have taken their place. Entire groups
of animal and vegetable life have passed away and
new forms havo como into existence, through a
series of years whioh no finite mind can number. To
enable the mind to realize the physical condition of
our planet during all these past ages is the highest
ond to bo attained by the study of geological facts.
It has been well said by an eloquent historian that
he who calls tho past back again into being enjoys
a bliss iiko that of creating.
"Wo may attempt to form some idea of tho phys-
ical geography of this region at the time when these
animals wandered over the country, and to speculate
as to the manner in which their remains have been
so beautifully preserved for our examination. Wo
may suppose that hero was a large fresh-water lake
during the middlo tertiary perioch that it began
near tho southeastern side of the Black Hills, not
largo at first nor deep, but as a marsh or mud wal-
low for the gigantic paohyderms that lived at the
time; that as time passed on it became deeper and
expanded its limits until it covered the vast area
which its sediments indicate.
" We cannot attempt to point out in detail all the
changes through which we may suppose, from the
facts given us, this lake has passed during the thou-
sands of years that elapsed from its beginning to its
extinction, time long enough for two distinct faunge
to havo oommenced their existence and passed away
in succession, not a single species passing from one
into tho other. Even that small fraction of geo-
logical time seems infinite to a finite mind. We
believe that the great range of mountains that now
lies to tho west of this Dakota basin was not as
lofty as now; that doubtless the treeless plains were
covered with forests or grassy meadows upon whioh
the vast herds of gregarious ruminants cropped
their food. Into this great lake on every side
poured many little streams from broad valleys, fine
ranging ground for the numerous varieties of crea-
tures that existed at that time."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask what can the Gen-
eral Government do to reclaim this wild and
interesting region of the West and render it
susceptible of settlement and cultivation? It
must be accomplished, if at all, by the con-
struction of railroads through the great plains
for the transportation of coal and lumber from
the Bast; or else the Government must bring
out of the earth whatever is there stored away
for tho benefit of mankind. This can in no
way be so' economically accomplished as by
setting aside the proceeds of a part of the
lands to render available the remaining portion.
It is believed, upon good authority, that coal
underlies the whole prairie domain of Dakota
Territory, and at no greater depth than it is
found in many parts of Iowa. This can at least
be tested with a slight expense to the Govern-
ment. Two sections of land in each township
(sixteen and thirty-six) are now by law set
aside for the benefit of schools; and in no way
could the pioneer settlers of the West be more
