1494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
signed to different places for the purpose of
doing some fancy work which is absolutely
useless. If I remember aright, it was shown
two years ago that we employ at our Observa-
tory a very large number of officers—I am
almost afraid to say how many. I do think
that wherever we can we ought to lop off all
expenditures not absolutely necessary, because
the taxation of the people for purposes abso-
lutely needful is about as much as they bear.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The particular
appropriation to which the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] objects will be found
explained very fully by the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey, on page 183 of the ap-
pendix to the Book of Estimates, the explana-
tion covering several pages. The organization
of these-interior lines of survey to connect the
two systems of coast surveys, the Atlantic and
the Pacific, was authorized in a former Con-
gress upon the motion of the Committee on
Appropriations when the gentleman from Ken-
tucky himself was a member of that commit-
tee. The present Committee on Appropria-
tions is not responsible for the establishment
of the work. We found it authorized by law ;
we found estimates for it; and we have this
year cut down by about $14,000 the estimate
for this particular item. Fifty thousand .dol-
lars was asked for, but we have proposed the
same appropriation that was made last year.
After a full debate on the subject and a full
hearing of the case, the House last year
decided to retain the appropriation. The
Committee on Appropriations this year has
but followed the former action of the House.
We have had a great deal of trouble in dis-
cussing these matters of survey. We have
found that a large number of surveyingparties
have been in the field, some under the War
Department, some under the Navy Depart-
ment, some under the Interior Department,
some under the Smithsonian Institution. We
have done what we could to simplify the work
and reduce the number of these parties as well
as the amount of money appropriated for
maintaining them. And now these parties
being in the field, the Coast Survey having
been already charged with the work, and iu
progress of executing it, it seems to me im-
prudent and not economical to stop the work
now and say it shall not be completed. It is
not understood they are to make a thorough
survey of the interior of the country—not
that, but they are to run a few main lines
across the continent so as to connect the work
of triangulation on the two coasts, and thus
enable the surveys made by any Department
of the Government to have these accurately
measured base lines out of which can be con-
structed a map of the whole country. The
work, therefore, it seems to me is of great
importance, and I hope the amendment will
not prevail.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
last word. Mr. Chairman, it seems to me to
connect the systems of surveys of the Atlantic
an<J Pacific coasts would be a comparatively
easy matter by forming a line of communica-
tion between the mouth of the Eio Grande
and the Pacific near or south of San Diego;
but I take it this means something different
from that, and is more extensive in its scope,
for I find here the words " and assisting in the
State surveys, including compensation of
civilians engaged in the work.'7 This must
mean, if it means anything at all, a survey of
the whole United States. Whether it is wise
to do that or not, I do not propose to discuss.
It is certain this proposition looks to that
result. The situation of Columbus or any
other interior city is a matter of no sort of con-
sequence to the systems of surveys upon the
Atlantic and Pacific coasts. If it be thought
wise by Congress to organize, in connection
with the Coast Survey, a minute survey of the
- interior of the country, then so be it; but
under the pretense of connecting the two sur-
veys with this clause here, we will be held to
do something different from what may be sup-
posed if we contemplate merely the connec-
tion of the two systems of surveys of the
Atlantic and Pacifi'c coasts.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee. I understand this to be just this :
there has been great controversy who should
do it, whether the Army, the Coast Survey, or
the Smithsonian Institution. But that is not
involved here. Whoever does it has to have
a force to do the work. I examined this some
time ago, and found this was the work in-
tended : all the survey of our public lands
depend on parallels of latitude running through
the country; they have been made by different
parties and do not join—one establishing one
parallel at one place and another at another—
and this creates great uncertainty of title,
shifting the lines about from place to place,
and therefore it is now proposed to connect
the systems of surveys on the Atlantic and
Pacific coasts and establish base lines from
which the ordinary surveys can start with per-
fect accuracy. It is for the purpose of estab-
lishing title. The titles in our country, that
is to say in New England, depend upon stone
walls and monuments which cannot be moved ;
but titles to lands in the West depend accord-
ing to our system of surveys, and depend
especially in the new lands, upon certain par-
allels of latitude established by astronomical
observations, and brought to the earth by tri-
angulat.ions. That being so, it is necessary to
have some base lines near enough to each
other established which shall be absolutely
accurate to run ordinary surveys from, so when
they run out they will not lap one over the
other as they do now. And it is to carry out
that important and necessary work this appro-
priation is asked.
Mr. MAYNAED, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Beck, of Kentucky,
was then rejected.
The Clerk read as follows :
For repairs and maintenance of the complement
of vessels used in the Coast Survey, $50,000.
Mr. BIRD. I move to strike that out for
the purpose of making an inquiry of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations
whether this has not been provided for already.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In the partial
deficiency bill there was an appropriation for
the purchase of new steamers; but this, as the
gentleman will see, is for repairs.
Mr. BIRD. I withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveys, examinations to determine the prac-
ticability of building a light-house oil Stannard's
Rock, Lake Superior, $10,000.
Mr. CONGER. I offer the following amend-
ment :
At the end of the paragraph add the following:
For a light-house on Isle Royal, Lake Superior,
$20,000.
Mr. HALE. I ask the gentleman to post-
pone that amendment for the present, until
the light-house list has been read through. I
have several amendments which I desire to
offer myself, to be put at the end of the list,
and it will be more convenient if the gentle-
man should offer his at that time.
Mr. CONGER. I have no objection to that
arrangement, if it is understood that I can go
back to the paragraph following that which has
just been read.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I rise to a point of
order. I believe this amendment which is pro-
posed by the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Conger,] is new legislation.
Mr. CONGER. All these appropriations
in the bill for light-houses are new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that there have been no specific acts author-
izing the appropriations forthese light-houses.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Chairman, the appro-
priation in the amendment which I offer is
one of the appropriations estimated for by the
Light-House Board and reported to this House
in the Book of Estimates from the Treasury
Department; and it is just as much in the fur-
therance of law—for the examination has been
ordered and made for it—as any appropriation
here. If gentlemen will turn to the Book of
Estimates, they will see that under the reso-
lution instructing the inquiry the estimate has
been made. That is sufficient answer to the
point that this is not authorized by existing
law.
Mr. SARGENT. I wish to say one word
on this point. The amendment just proposed
by the gentleman from Michigan is as much in
order as any other appropriation for the Light-
House Board. There have been no acts passed
authorizing the building of specific light-
houses.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair made that
suggestion some time ago ; and following the
line of precedents the Chair rules that the
amendment is in order.
Mr. CONGER. In deference then to the
gentlemen of the committee, and with the
understanding that if this amendment is not
adopted I may go back to the paragraph fol-
lowing that which has been read, I will with-
draw the amendment for the present until we
get through the light-house list.
The following paragraph was read :
For building a steam-tender for engineers' con-
structions and repairs, and for inspection in the
tenth district. Lakes Erie and Ontario and River
St. Lawrence, $o0,000.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by inserting after the word "'ten-
der " the words " of iron and also by strik-
ing out '' $50,000 '' and inserting '' $100,000;''
so that it will i
For building a steam-tender of iron for engineers'
constructions and repairs, and for inspection in the
tenth district, Lakes Erie and Ontario, and River
St. Lawrence, $100,000.
Mr. Chairman, the experience of all con-
nected with these light-house boats on our
lakes shows that a wooden boat lasts there on
an average from seven to ten years. The Gov-
ernment boats which have been built of iron,
the steamer Michigan and the Coast Survey
boats, have been in active service, some of
them for twenty-three years, and are in as
good repair to day as when they were first
launched upon the waters. We are called
upon every seven or ten years to build a new
boat for the same business of wood. It is
notorious to every one familiar with the ser-
vice, that that expense recurs in regard to
every one of these boats after a period of
about eight or ten years. It is also known that
such a boat constructed of iron, at a little
greater cost in the first instance, is good for
twenty-five or thirty years ; being a very great
saving and economy to the Government and
furnishing a much safer boat for use for these
light-house tenders.
The light-house tenders are compelled to go
at all seasons of the year from one light-house
to another, among the reefs and rooks, to visit
the light-houses and furnish their supplies.
And they ought to be constructed of iron, for
the safety of the vessels themselves, and with
a view also to economy in the rebuilding of
them. I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. HALE. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted. The committee has given for
this item of new tenders exactly what the
Department has estimated for, $50,000. With
that sum of $50,000, the Light-House Board
representing the Treasury Department can
build such a tender as in the course of their
business they .have found to be good and effi-
cient.
I do not know of anybody, not even the
gentleman from Michigan, who is largely in-
telligent on all subjects, who knows so much
about the needs of the light-house service as the
Light-House Board, which has all these light-
houses and their inspection and these tenders
in charge. I do not for one consider that it is
by any means certain, or that it has been dem-
