1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1495
onstrated that for any such purpose as that
involved in this appropriation, iron is better
than wood. So far as that goes, I put my
opinion against that of the gentleman from
Michigan, that wood is better than iron, that
it requires less repair, and that wooden craft
can be taken into places and used where iron
craft cannot, but without going into that ques-
tion, the Light House Board do not ask such
an appropriation as will enable them to build
such a vessel as is asked for by the gentleman
from Michigan.
Mr. CONGlSR. I move to strikeout the
last word. The gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Hale] puts his own opinion against mine in
a matter of this sort. He has seen the ocean
and probably bathed in it, but what does he
know about the fresh-water lakes.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the secretary of the
Light-House Board and members of that
board having in charge the light-houses in the
districts of the lakes have written to me, and
to other members of the Committee on Com-
merce, urging that these vessels be built of
iron. But the Light-House Board, knowing
that this amount would be sufficient to build
a vessel that will last for six or seven years,
have asked it; at- the same time they urge
on Congress to build all these vessels of
iron. It is a fact well known that the Govern-
ment's war steamer Michigan, and the sur-
veying boats of the lakes have been in service
for fifteen, eighteen, and twenty-three years,
and are as good as ever, while the revenue
steamers had only been on the lakes seven or
eight years before they were condemned and
sold, as they have been, during the last two
years.
Now, if they can be built of iron there is no
reason why they should not exist for thirty or
forty years just as good as they are to-day. I
presume it will take in the first instance more
to build an iron ship than a wooden one, and
for that reason I ask this additional appropria-
tion, and I assure the House that these boats
may last a half century. That is my answer
to the gentleman from Maine.
The question was taken on Mr. Conger's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I have a few amendments
which I desire to offer to an earlier portion of
the bill, and, if there is no objection, I will
offer them now.
There was no objection.
Mr. HALE. I move to insert after line six
hundred the following:
For new dwelling at Conimicut light-house,
Narraganset bay, Rhode Island, $15,pOO: Provided,
That upon the completion of said light-house the
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized and directed
to sell at public auction, after due notice, and either
in one parcel or divided into lots, the ground consti-
tuting the site of the old light station at Nayatt
Point.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to insert after the
paragraph ending on line seven hundred and
twenty, and which is as follows:
For completing the light-house at Point San
Pablo, California, in addition to former appropria-
tions, $10,000—*
the following:
And the light-house may b© built at Point San
Pablo, or such point in the near vicinity as the
Light-House Board may select.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. That seems to
be an appropriation to change the site of a
work already commenced.
Mr. HALE. Although a previous appro-
priation has been made, the work has not yet
been begun.
The amendment was agreed to_.
Mr. HALE. I move now to add after line
six hundred and thirty-three the following:
For reestablishing thei light-house at Lower
Point, Chesapeake bay, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I offer the following
amendment:
For commencing the construction of a light-
house at Ship John shoal, Delaware bay, $50,000.
My memory does not give me knowledge of
any occasion when I have ever asked for an
increase of an appropriation here; nor would
I do it in this instance, excepting that I think
what I ask is absolutely and indispensably
necessary. This appropriation has been esti-
mated for and is recommended by the Light-
House Board, and 1 hope will not be seriously
opposed by the Committee on Appropriations.
It was left out of the bill because of a dispo-
sition on the part of the Committee on Appro-
priations not to expend more on this service
than was absolutely necessary; but a brief
statement will, I believe, remove their doubts
in favor of the amendment which I have
offered.
It may be invidious, but it is not out of
place for me to refer to the amount of revenue
received by the Government from the two
revenue districts directly benefited by having
a safe transit up Delaware bay and river from
the ocean, one of which districts I represent.
Those two districts during the last fiscal year
contributed $3,76&,030 30 of internal revenue
to the Treasury. That is a greater amount
than was contributed by any one of twenty-
seven States of this Union. And there were
but ten States in the Union, from which we
received respectively more than these two rev-
enue districts. I can add that forty per cent,
of the internal revenue collected and paid
over by the revenue districts of Pennsylvania
was collected and paid over by these two dis-
tricts to which I have called attention. It is
in this connection, and because of the indis-
pensable necessity of the safe transit of these
vessels there, and under the recommenda-
tion I have stated, that I have asked for this
appropriation. I hope this amendment will
be adopted.
Mrv SARGENT. I desire to say that upon
these matters the Committee on Appropria-
tions heard a committee of gentlemen from
Philadelphia, and were extremely liberal in
recommending to the House appropriations
for the objects which they said were the most
important. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Randall] is himself aware, and a glance
at the bill will show any other gentleman,
that the Committee on Appropriations have
recommended the appropriation of a great deal
of money for this object. The committee
desired to be liberal and fair, and I believe
they have been-both. It seems to me that the
works already authorized by the bill ought to
be sufficient for the next fiscal year ; and for
that reason I think the' gentleman ought not to
insist upon his amendment further extending
these works for the next year.
Mr. L. MYERS. In order to show the
necessity for this appropriation, let me read a
few lines from the report of the Light-House
Board:
The necessity for alight on Ship John shoals is to
guide vessels up the channel and prevent them Irom
getting ashore on Ship John shoals and the one
opposite, the tide being such as to drift them, at
times, on either shoal. This drifting is frequently
experienced in this part of the channel.
The estimate is made accordingly, and we
believe it is for the benefit of Congress and of
the country. I hope the Committee of the
Whole will adopt this amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. If this appropriation was
not in my judgment indispensable, and I am
well informed on this subject, I would not ask
for it. It is seldom I ask for an appropri-
ation, and I hope this amendment will be
adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SYPHER. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the amendment just
adopted:
For a steam fog signal at the mouth of the Atcha-
falaya river, Louisiana. $15,000.
That amount has been recommended by the
Light-House Board; but the estimate came
in too late to be acted upon by the commit-
tee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend by in-
serting the following:
For a light-house on Isle Royal, Lake Superior,
$20,000.
There was an estimate made for this light-
house, and it was recommended by the Light-
House Board and by the Secretary of the
Treasury. This is the only light there is in
that part of Lake Superior, in the most dan-
gerous part of the line of vessels from the head
of the lake down, and there is a great and
pressing necessity for the light. It has been
recommended two years in succession, and
why it was left out of this bill I am unable to
tell. I hope the amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend by insert-
ing, after the appropriation for a fog-signal at
Marquette, Lake Superior, the following :
For building a light-house at Port Austin, Sagi-
naw bay, $10,000.
Mr. HALE. I object to going back in this
bill any further; I must make a beginning some-
where.
Mr. CONGER. In the presence of this
committee the gentleman said that if I would
withhold my amendments until we had reached
a certain point in this bill I should then have
an opportunity to offer amendments until I
was through ; and now he objects.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Well, I object.
Mr. HALE. In the presence of the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Conger] I said,
what I am sure he will not deny, that I would
yield to his amendment to increase the appro-
priation $50,000. I have yielded to that. But
I did not yield to his offering a whole wash of
amendments ; and I object here and now to
the gentleman going on and offering one
amendment after another because I agreed to
yield to one amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The_ Chair understood
that the gentleman from Michigan was to sub-
mit one amendment, which he did. The Chair
will therefore rule 
Mr. CONGER. Will the Chairman hear
me before he rules?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONGER. I called special attention
to the fact that there was one clause here which
I should wish to go back to and reconsider.
Mr. HALE. Provided you lost the other
amendment.
Mr. CONGER. I had the floor when these
amendments were going on ; I had the right
to move to amend anywhere in the bill; and
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] re-
quested me to withhold my amendments until
we had gone further on. And now he would
spring this trap upon me, to prevent me from
offering, in behalf of my constituents, this
amendment. ,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inquire
of the gentleman from Michigan whether,
when he was on the floor in the first instance,
he suggested that he had more than one
amendment to submit?
Mr. CONGER. I had my amendments
written out before me two of them \ and I
obtained the floor for the purpose of offering
them in succession.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Michigan say that he indicated at that
time his desire to offer more than one amend-
ment? If so, the Chair will recognize him as
in order.
Mr. CONGER. I will say that the propo-
sition for me to withhold my amendments was
general. I had two amendments to offer in
their turn, to come in ataboutthe same place.
The proposition was that I should have the
opportunity to offer my amendments when we
got through with the provisions in regard to
light-houses.
Mr SARGENT. There may be some doubt
as to the effect of the understanding between
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] and
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Conger;]
