1878,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
through a common school or a school where
he can acquire the ordinary English branches
of education. If, then the Senators from the
southern States desire to fonnd common
schools, if they wish to see the whole reve-
nue of the Government derived from the pub-
lic lands diverted to this purpose, they should
vote to apply it to the establishment of com-
mon schools and not of colleges of any kind,
t therefore make this motion* If it should be
adopted, as a matter of course it will make
necessary some slight changes in the subse-
quent sections of thd bill, it will apply this
tund to common schools instead of to colleges.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I regret that
the Senator from Ohio feels it to be his duty
to oppose this bill in the manner of offering
amendments that are utterly incongruous to
the whole bill. The Senator cannot conceal
his contempt for agriculturists, and he stigma-
tizes this bill as an agricultural college bill.
There is nothing in the bill that entitles it to
the appellation of an agricultural college bill.
It includes more than agriculture. And tha
Senator will pardon me for saying that he is a
sort of pendulum. When he thinks he can kill
the bill best by offering as an amendment a
proposition to establish a great university
that shall cost $ 30,000,000, he seems to favor
that; and when it seems to occur to him
that he can kill the bill best by offering com-
mon 6chool education throughout the coun-
try, he offers that; but, mark, he does not
conceal from the Senate that he is opposed to
them all. If the common-school question
was up by itself, unquestionably we might
count upon the vote of the Senator from Ohio
against it. If this magnificent university
was up before the Senate, we might count, as
we now can count, npon bis opposition to
this bill. Therefore I do not propose to con--
sume any time upon the bill. 1 am anxious to
have a vote upon it, and I trust that these
amendments which are offered merely to kill
the bill will be voted down.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is still another
remark that I wish to make. The Senator
seems to think I am opposed to farmers
and to agriculture. I must remind hied that
I represent more farmers on this floor than
there are in all New England. I have uo
doubt the county in which I live can pro*
duce more agricultural products than perhaps
the State of Vermont, because it is a very rich
and populous county.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You had belter look at
the census before you state that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps I am mistaken
in that; but the idea that I am opposed to
farmers is perfectly absurd, and my friend
from Vermont, who is so astute and so skillful
and so kind in every respect, ought not to
introduce into a debate which involves an
appropriation of $28,000,000 an argument of
that kind. The farmers are the mass of the
people of the State of Ohio. They have the
benefit of our common school education.
Nearly all the farmers of Ohio are men who
have been educated at the common schools,
and who can receive at our common schools
now a good education, an education that is
complete for practical purposes, and embraces
all the branches except the classical and a few
other scientific branohes necessary probably
for a higher and different sphere of employ-
ment. They do not train lawyers, although
I may say that-the common schools of out
northern and western country have been the
nursery of nearly all the statesmen, neatly all
the lawyers, and nearly all the leading men in
every branch of lifef most of whom have not
had the benefit of a college education. I
nay say the farmers have the benefit of these
schools and enjoy them and profit by them.
But here you are establishing colleges in
the southern States, where you admit the con-
dition of society does not prepare the youths
of States for a college education. The applica-
tion of the Whole proceeds of the public lands
forthwrpurpose excludes from the benefit of the
appropriation of this money thegreat, masses of
the people. For instance, there are bills lying
on your table appropriating these lands to give
bounties to the soldiers. Asa matter of course
it would be an idle ceremony to pass your sol-
diers' bounty bill if you pass this bill. If you
•propose to pass your soldiers' bounty bill, and
give all the public lands practically now sur-
veyed, twice told, to the soldiers, as a matter
, of course that is entirely inconsistent with the
idea of this bill. So if you propose to pass
the bill sent to us by the House of Represent-
atives to establish an educational fund for the
education of the uneducated colored and white
people of the southern States, to distribute
the proceeds of the public lands according to
illiteracy, I believe is the word used in the
bill, as a matter of course the passage of this
bill defeats that project. The passage of this
bill defeats every project for educational pur-
poses by the United States of America. No
bill has been proposed in any case or by any
one to apply a greater sum to the education
of the people of the United States than the
proceeds of the public lands. If now you
apply the entire proceeds of the sale of the
public lands to agricultural colleges, as a mat-
ter of course there is an end of this scheme to
distribute among some of the States according
to illiteracy a portion of the proceeds of the
public lands.
There is one bill, I think, lying on our
table which proposes to divide one half of the
proceeds of the public lands among the people
of the United States according to illiteracy.
We know very well that the effect of that
bill is unequal in one sense; that is, it will
give but very little to the northern States,
and the great body of it will go to the southern
States, because it so happens that the great
body of those who are illite rate, who cannot read
and write, live in the southern States, four
millions of them having been recently emanci-
pated from Blavery, and many others being in
a condition without the benefit of a common
school education. This bill prevents the pas-
sage of any other bill to aid in education.
If this bill is passed, if the proceeds of the
public lands are at once applied to this class
of colleges alone, as a matter of course that
is the end of any other appropriation for the
support of common schools in the South, and
to spread intelligence in the South. It can
scarcely be supposed, after wa have expended
the proceeds of the public lands for this pur-
pose, that we shall be in a- condition to take
from the Treasury of the United States a fur-
ther sum to aid in educational purposes. The
passage of this bill precludes any other idea.
I trust the Senator from Vermont will not
think me entirely inconsistent in opposing this
bill to a reasonable extent. I say that the
passage of this bill to apply the entire pro-
ceeds of the public lands for the support of
these colleges established in States all over
the Union without regard to their needs or
necessities, will prevent the passage of any
other bill in aid of public education, and I
think it is an unwise experiment.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the motion of
the Senator from Ohio is calculated to em-
barrass me but very little. If the effect of his
motion was precisely what the tendency of it
seems to be, to bring in competition with this
bill, or With a bill to appropriate the proceeds
of the public lands to the support of agricul-
tural colleges, a proposition to support com-
mon schools ; if, in other words, I were com-
pelled to choose between Voting support to
the common school system of the country, of
a common school system of the country, and
voting support to these agricultural colleges, I
should be compelled, I think, to prefer the
common schools to the colleges; but I do not
think these two measures ought to be al-
lowed to conflict with each other.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. They do not.
Mr. HOWE. They do not, necessarily.
The motion of the Senator from Ohio seems
to be intended to bring them in direct conflict.
I think, however, that we can reasonably
vote for the proposition contained in the bill
and yet have reserved to us an abundant oppor-
tunity for showing our friendship for the com-
mon schools. If the Senator from Ohio, or
some other Senator, would take the pains to
propose a different amendment to this bill, an
amendment which should set aside the pro-
ceeds of all the residue of the public domain
to the support of common schools, I would
cheerfully support such an amendment; and
yet, by giving either of those votes, I would not
intend to antagonize either of those measures
with that other measure to which the Senator
from Ohio has referred: that is, the founding
of a national university. I am heartily in
, favor of that proposition, and I shall support
it with such little efficiency as I can whenever
it is brought before the Senate. I am in favor
of according all the support we can from the
proceeds of the public domain to the main-
tenance of common schools, and I am in favor
of this effort to encourage the agriculture of
the country. I would be glad, therefore, to
; be enabled to vote for this without seeming to
; discourage either of those other efforts, and I
think I can do so by voting against the amend-
ment now offered by the Senator from Ohio.
I am in favor of this effort to help the agri-
culture of the country, because I believe, and
I think we all know, that upon that agricul-
ture rests every other American interest. The
welfare of every national effort depends upon
: our ability to produce cheaply and wisely the
products of our agricultural labor. It is for
that reason that I am induced to lend my vote
to this effort to aid that one interest, reserving
to myself the opportunity, as I think it will be
reserved to me, to aid either of these other
propositions whenever they shall be submitted
to the Senate.
I rose mainly to say that if no such amend-
ment as I have suggested should be incorpor-
ated on this bill here, I am aware that the
House of Representatives has already given its
assent to a bill to appropriate the proceeds of
the public lands, and I do not know but the
whole of them, in aid of the common schools.
If the House should be reluctant or should
refuse to acquiesce in this measure now pend-
ing before the Senate, and the Senate should
agree to it, it may result in a compromise
j! between the two Houses which will make
j provision for both these systems of education.
! j With that view I shall vote against the amend-
i ment of the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, striking out "colleges" and inserting
" common schools."
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Before the Vote is
taken on that question I wish to say merely a
word in regard to what has come nnder my
own observation as to the establishment of
schools higher than those which are called
common schools. Wherever a high school
has been established, within my observation,
the effect has been to elevate all the schools
below it, to draw them up toward the high
school; and if I were to propose any measure
to benefit the common schools in certain sec-
tions of our country, I should say, establish
high schools there.
There has been nothing done within the last
thirty years in the State of Connecticut which,
in my judgment, has had such a beneficial
influence upon the school system in that State
as the establishment of the school which was
organized under the law of 1862. It is one of
the most popular schools that has ever been
established there. The number of scholars is
constantly increasing, and its influence is
being felt in all parts of the State, so that its
graduates are now sought to occupy influential
