18*73.3
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Poland.
Ho. of Reps*
benefited by the sale of two additional sections
(one and thirty-one) than by applying the pro-
ceeds to the procuring of those two necessaries
of life, fuel and water. It is the duty of. the
Government to develop its resources and en-
courage its people.
Credit Mobilier.
SPEECH OP HON. L. P. POLAND,
of vermont,
In the House or Representatives,
February 27,1873.
The House having under consideration the report
of the select committee to investigate the alleged
Credit Mobilier bribery-
Mr. POLAND said:
Mr. Speaker: In the brief hour allowed me
to close this extended debate I cannot expect
to be able to answer all that has been said in
opposition to the resolutions reported by the
committee. I shall spend no portion of my
time in any attempt to entertain the House or
the galleries, as did the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] last night. I have
never learned any stage tricks, nor how to
play the buffoon or the harlequin. I never
had the gift of saying or doing things to pro-
voke the laughter or applause of a crowd; but
did I posses all these great qualities in a de-
gree as eminent as my friend, I should not
deem this presence the proper one for their
display.
My effort will be wholly devoted, in a plain
and sober way, to answer some things that
have been said in the debate, and to further
enforce some of the positions of the report of
ihe committee. I desire to speak with the
gravity which belongs to the occasion and the
subject, and to appeal wholly to the sound
judgment and conscience of the House in ref-
erence to the grave and important matter that
is before them.
At the close of my opening hour of this de-
bate I had only partially gone over the ques-
tion of the jurisdiction of the House and the
various authorities, English and American,
which I claim fully support it. Since then the
subject had been debated with great fullness
and learning by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Shellabarger] and others, and much that I
then desired to add has been better said. But
I still wish to say something more upon the
question, as it lias been made the principal
ground of defense, if I may so speak, of all the
gentlemen who differ from the conclusions of
the committee. The offeuses of the two mem-
bers against whom resolutions of expulsion
have been reported were committed live years
ago, and long before their election as members
of this, the Forty-Second Congress.
It is insisted, with great earnestness, that
however well established their guilt may be by
the evidence, that however gross and flagrant
their crimes, destructive of honest legislation,
and derogatory to the standing and character
of the House; that however ignorant their
constituents were of the commission of these
offenses at the time of their election, this
House has no power to purge itself of their
corrupt presence, and must continue to asso-
ciate ana legislate with them at least to the
end of their terms. It is boldly claimed that
this doctrine is supported by sound reason, that
it is founded in the nature of our representa-
tive Government, and that it is established by
decisions and precedents both in the English
Parliament and the American Congress.
I confess, Mr. Speaker, that to me the doc-
trine advanced is so monstrous that my only
anxiety as to the result of this debate and the
decision of the House is that it shall furnish no
precedent or authority for a principle of _ so
dangerous a character, and one so subversive
and destructive of the proper rights and priv-
ileges of the House. I trust that this debate and
the decision of the House which shall follow
will stamp with such reprehension and discredit
this assumption that it will never again be
advocated with the boldness, almost audacity,
it has been on this occasion. Whether two
unworthy members shall sit here for the few
remaining days of this-Congress or not is not
in itself a matter of the greatest importance,
and, as has been said, they could not under
the circumstances in which they are placed do
much harm if they would.
But if the decision of this House should now
establish the principle that T heard laid dbwn
by a gentleman who sits very near me, and
who participated in this debate, that if a com-
munity of horse thieves should choose the ring-
leader of the gang as their Representative in
Congress the House was utterly destitute of
all rightful power to rid itself of him by expul-
sion. A sorrowful day will it bo for a repre-
sentative government when it shall be decided
that no such power exists.
The assumption is that a congressional dis-
trict has the absolute right to be represented
by precisely the man of their choice, provided
he has the legal requisites to lender him eligi-
ble; that if they chose to be represented by
the most notorious and dangerous criminal the
House must bear the disgrace and the country
the danger of his presence unless he commits
some overt act during his term.
I believe in the rights of the people ; and I
think 1 would be as jealous of any attempt to
deprive them of their true constitutional right
of representation as any man on this floor or
in this country. But I cannot understand this
inestimable right and privilege of the people
to be represented by a vile criminal, whose
presence would be a reproach and discredit
to the body of which he should be a member.
The people have the right to choose their
Representatives. The House of Represent-
atives has the right of self-protection', as one
of its constitutional privileges. Each may be
properly exercised without at all infringing
upon or curtailing the other; and when any
member exhibits such character, or brings such
character with him, as to render his presence
noxious and hurtful to the character and dig-
nity of the body, they may expel him and it
is in no proper sense any invasion of the peo-
ple's right to choose their Representatives.
For my part, I do not believe the people of my
State or my district desire to have this House
establish any constitutional right in their favor
to be represented by a man guilty of crime.
The language of the Constitution gives the
power of expulsion in the most unlimited terms.
Our forefathers who made it were wise enough
to know that it would be utterly impossible to
have a code of rules or laws upon that subject;
that the reasons which might require either
House for its own protection and the safety
of the country to expel an unworthy member
might be so peculiar and so diverse that no
human body could anticipate them all, hence
they did not attempt it, but left it be determ-
ined by the body, as each case should arise,
by a wise and sound discretion. To insure a
proper exercise of this discretion, and that
it should not be arbitrarily and capriciously
exercised, they required the extraordinary
majority of two thirds.
If I understood the gentleman fromWisconsin,
[Mr. Eu>re qe,] he claimed that this power
of expulsion was a dormant power, and could
not be exercised at all, until Congress should
pass some law providing what should be causes
of expulsion, or each House should provide
for the same by rules of its own.
That this has never been so understood is
very clear. Congress has never provided by
law, nor has either House ever provided by
rule, what should be ground for expulsion.
Many members have been expelled, both from
the House and the Senate, but according to this
doctrine of the gentleman, all expulsions thus
far have been wrongful.
In examining the proceedings and debates
in cases of this character, I chanced to find a
speech made by my friend from Wisconsin in
the case of Mr. L'ong, who was attempted to
be expelled for treasonable language on tho
floor of the House. In that speech my friend
claimed that the clause of the Constitution
should be read as follows:
" May punish Its members for disorderly behavior,
and with the concurrence of two thirds may expel a
member for disorderly behavior."
Mr. ELDREDGE. I believe that to be the
construction now.
Mr. POLAND. If my friend be right in
his construction, what a glorious power this
power of expulsion is reduced to.. Disorderly
behavior, all agree, consists in violations of
the rules of the House in the presence of the
House ; in being noisy or boisterous, or refus-
ing to obey the commands of the Speaker,
&c. It does not apply to misconduct, or crime
even, if committed during a session of Con-
gress away from the House. This great power
of last resort for the safety of the body and of
the country is reduced to this: it may be exer-
cised for bad behavior in the presence of the
House. Treason, murder, perjury, and such
small offenses are not included, or rather fur-
nish no ground for its exercise. If this be
not observing the " mint and cummin" of the
Constitution while neglecting its weightier
obligations, I am greatly mistaken.
But let us test the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin a little further. Nobody has denied that a
member of the House may be expelled for a
crime committed during his term as a member,
although committed away from the capital,
during a vacation of Congress, and having no
reference to his duties as a member. But
what jurisdiction has Congress over its mem-
bers in such cases? Such crimes are not dis-
orderly behavior within the meaning of the
Constitution, as all agree. How, then, can
the House take notice of them, or expel on
account of them ? But if it could do sOjCon-
gress has never provided by law, nor the House
by rule, that crimes committed during a mem-
ber's term shall be ground for expulsion, and
therefore it cannot be done.
I desire to call the attention of the House
to the practice of the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin upon his own theory. You will remember,
Mr. Speaker, that in the last Congress we had
some cases where resolutions of expulsion
were reported against certain members for
selling their right of appointment of cadets to
the Military and Naval Academies.
My friend from Wisconsin voted every time
in favor of expulsion. In Whittemore's ease
he went with the majority, and voted that it
made Whittemore ineligible even to take his
seat. Was the selling a cadetship disorderly
conduct within the meaning of the Constitu-
tion? Has Congress by law, or either House
by rule, ever provided that selling cadetships
shall be cause for expulsion 1 Not at all. The
truth is that my friend's practice in this regard
is far more sound and sensible than his pro-
fessed principles.
Bat I desire to say a further word upon the
right of Congress to expel a member for a
crime committed while such, but away from
and disconnected with Congress. Has the
member any privilege as a member under such
circumstances ? Has the House any privilege
in regard to its members except while attend-
ing or comingand returning? Noneat&ll. It
can in no way punish a man for injuring a
member, except while attending or on his way
to or from Congress. The power of either
House of Congress to expel a member is
wholly protective of itself, in no way punitory
