196
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
Ho. of Reps.
Credit Mobilier—Mr. Poland.
42d Cons....3d Sess.
of the member. The member may be expelled
though he has suffered the punishment of the
law for his crime; and if first expelled, he is
equally liable afterward to the punishment
provided by law. And this is equally true of
offenses committed while a member as of those
committed before his election.
The distinction attempted to be made as to
the jurisdiction of the House to expel, whether
the offense was committed before or after the
election, is, therefore, in principle wholly fan-
ciful and arbitrary. In both eases it rests
wholly in the sound discretion of the House.
If the offense was long ago, and has been fol-
lowed by years of virtuous life, sound discre-
tion would doubtless demaud quite different
action by the House from that to be exercised
. over a recent criminal act; and especially if
the member had been elected with a full knowl-
edge by his constituency of everything objec-
tionable in his character, the House would
not be justified in overruling their judgment
except in a very flagrant and aggravated case.
The framers of the Constitution in giving
the Houses the power of expulsion must be
presumed to have intended it as used in the
Parliament of England. The parliamentary
law is a part of the common law, and as much
in force in this country as any other part of the
common law. The common law is made up of
a long series of judicial decisions and pre-
cedents; parliamentary law, of long custom
and precedent in the respective houses. The
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Ei.dredoe]
undertook to alarm us by quoting some arbi-
trary and severe punishments inflicted in Par-
liament centuries ago. With the same pro-
priety might he go back to the days of Scroggs
or Jeffreys, and quote their cruel and bloody
decrees as showing what is the common law.
In my opening speech I alluded to the case
of John Wilkes, and showed that this claim
that the House had 110 jurisdiction to expel,
except for offenses while a member, found 110
support in that case, although it is often so
quoted. 1 also alluded to the cases of Ward
and Atkinson, who were expelled for offenses
committed long before they were members,
but of which they were convicted during their
terms.
The learned gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Potter,] in his supplemental report from
the Judiciary Committee, claimed that the
conviction while a member was a most im-
portant fact. The idea of my learned friend
ia like that of a waggish Vermont judge, who
said that the statute against a certain offense
made tbe crime to consist in "being found."
Trial and conviction are only a mode of ascer-
taining the guilt of a person charged. The
bad and dangerous quality of the man is shown
by his commission of the offense, and not his
conviction of it.
The gentleman fro'm New York in his report
refers to the case of Walsh, who was expelled
from the House of Commons in 1812, as the
only case he could find where a man had been
expelled for an offense committed before be
became a member, and this he says was also a
case where a conviction was had during his term.
1 have taken the trouble to examine that case
carefully, and, although there had beena verdict
of guilty, there had been no legal conviction.
Walsh was indicted for larceny. It appeared
at the trial that he was employed by Sir Charles
Temple to sell a quantity of stoeks and pay
the avails over for certain real estate. Walsh
sold the stocks, but failed to pay over tbe
avails, and converted them to his own use.
His counsel claimed that these facts did not
constitute larceny, but they consented toa ver-
dict of guilty under an arrangement that a
special case should be reserved for the opinion
of the twelve judges. On the hearing of the
special case the judges were all of opinion that
the facts did not constitute larceny and the
verdict could not stand. As is the practice in
such cases in England, the judges recom-
mended a pardon, and a full pardon was
granted. After all this a resolution was
brought into the House for his expulsion, and
there was an extended debate upon it. It
was conceded upon all hands that the convic-
tion was entirely null and void, and that the
case stood just as if there had been no trial.
If the facts proved against him constituted
any crime at all he could not be tried and pun-
ished, for the pardon legally wiped out the
offense. The ground taken by those who
opposed Walsh's expulsion was, that this
was only a fraud practiced upon a private indi-
vidual, and that was not a sufficient ground;
but they conceded that such a fraud upon the
Government, or any public institution, would
be. To show that this verdict against Walsh
was not regarded as of any account, I quote a
sentence or two of the debate. Mr. Winn
said :
" In these cases [spea.king of the case of Atkinson
and others] there had been no legal disabilities
croated, and yottho houao oxpellod the member on
the ground that it was the infamy of the offense
which made the person unworthy of heing a mem-
ber."
Mr. Banks, who moved the resolution and
closed the debate, said " that he contended that
the principle upon which the house had pro-
ceeded in the other precedents, was the guilt
of the individual, and not the legal establish-
ment of the crime." There was a difference
of opinion whether the facts in Walsh's case
constituted any offense for which he could bo
punished criminally, but all agreed that it was
a case of gross fraud upon his employers.
Walsh was expelled by a vote of 101 to 16.
I may also state here that in Atkinson's
case, though a verdict had been found against
him, it was still open to a motion to set aside
the verdict, or an application for a new trial.
No judgment or sentence had been passed,
and his friends claimed that till the conviction
was perfected and concluded by judgment or
sentence he ought not to be expelled. All
these cases show that a legal conviction is not
regarded as at all material, that a satisfactory
establishment of the facts is all the house
requires. In all these cases, and in the dis-
cussions to which they gave rise, I cannot find
that it was ever claimed that either house of
Parliament had no jurisdiction to expel for a
crime committed before the member's elec-
tion. It has been alleged with great boldness
to be the established doctrine of the English
Parliament. I assert that it has not only never
been so decided, but that it has never been so
claimed; and this was the settled doctrine of
Parliament at the time we followed them
and placed the power of expulsion in our Con-
stitution.
Mr. Speaker, it has also been asserted over
and again in this debate that whatever may
be the doctrine of the Commons of England,
it is the established American doctrine, that
neither House can expel for any cause how-
ever flagrant, or any man, however criminal
and vile, if the offenses preceded -his election.
This was said by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham,] the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butijsr,] and several others.
Now, there is as littie foundation for this as-
sertion as for that made in regard to the Eng-
lish doctrine. It has never been so decided in
either House of Congress, and it is only within
a few years that the notion has started. Both
the gentlemen just named asserted that this
doctrine was decided by the Senate in the case
of Humphrey Marshall, a Senator from Ken-
tucky, soon after the formation of the Consti-
tution. It is true that the Senate decided that
they had no jurisdiction in that case, but it was
not because the offense was committed before
he was elected to the Senate, but because they
held that his guilt could only be established
by a verdict of a jury, and that this was a case
coming within the constitutional provision
securing trial by jury. It was not intimated
but that had he been tried and convicted pro-
perly, the Senate would have ample jurisdic-
tion to expel him. The real point was that
the Senate had not jurisdiction to try him. To
show that I am entirely right in this, and that
gentlemen are entirely mistaken in the point
of that case, I quote the following from the
report of the committee, which the Senate sus-
tained :
" Mr. Marshall is solicitous that a full investiga-
tion of tho subject should take place in the Senate,
and urges the principle that consent takes away
error, as applying, on thisoccasion, to give the Senate
jurisdiction; but, as no porson appears to prosecute,
and thero is no evidence adduced to the Senate, nor
even a spocifie charge, the committee think any
further inquiiy by tho Senate would be improper.
If there wero no objections of this sort, the com-
mittee would still be of opinion that the memorial
oould not be sustained. They think that, in a case of
thi3 kind, no person can bo held to answer for an in-
famous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment
of a grand jury, and that, in all such prosecutions,
tho accused ought to be tried by an impartial jury
of the State and district wherein the crime shall have
been committed. If, in the present case, the party
has boen guilty in the manner suggested, no reason
has been alleged by the -memorialists why he has
not long since boen tried in the State and district
whore he committed the offense. Until he is legally
convicted, the principles of the Constitution and of
common law concur in presuming that he is in-
nocent."
The point now made was not suggested in
the report, nor in the debate upon it. The
Senate said:
"We oannot expel this man unless his guilt is
established; the Constitution says this can only be
done in tho manner pointed out, by indictment and
trial by jury; this has not been done, and we have
no jurisdiction to do it."
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] in speaking of this case, went into
some heroics about its being a decision made
by the same wise fathers who made the Con-
stitution, &c. But, unluckily for the wisdom,
of the fathers in this case, the very point they
did decide was very soon overruled by the
Senate in the case of Blount, a Senator from
Tennessee, and again more explicitly denied
in the case of Senator John Smith, of Ohio.
It has been conclusively settled for a long
period that the provisions of the Constitution
in reference to jury trials relate wholly to
judicial proceedings in court. The case of
Marshall decided nothing that is now claimed
for it, and what it did decide has long been
overruled.
I have examined all the cases which have
arisen in Congress, and I cannot find that this
idea of lack of jurisdiction was seriously
asserted until the case of Matteson in the
Thirty-Fifth Congress. In the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, Matteson, a member of the House
from New York, was charged with an attempt
to commit bribery. A committee of the House
reported resolutions setting forth the offense,
and concluding with a resolution for his expul-
sion.
The declaratory resolutions of his guilt
were adopted by the House, but before the
expulsion resolution was reached Matteson
resigned his seat. Matteson had already been
elected to the Thirty-Fifth Congress, and took
his seat at its first session. The proceedings
were revived against him and referred to a
committee, of which Mr. Seward, of Georgia,
was chairman. Mr. Seward made a report for
the majority of the committee, and one of
the grounds assumed was the want of juris-
diction, because his offense was prior to his
election. But this was not the principal
ground taken in that report. The authority
of the House over the case was denied mainly
on the ground of the limited character of
the national Government, and that Congress
could only do what in express terms it had
been authorized by the Constitution to do,
the very narrowest ground ever assumed by
