UFFENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
Senate.
Louisiana—Mr. Carpenter.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
previous July. This interruption shows how
well the gentleman understands the case.
I cannot spare more time to reply to what
has been said in behalf of Mr. Ames upon the
evidence.
Now, I ask is there the slightest possible
doubt of the guilt of Mr. Ames, that he at-
tempted corruptly to influence the action of
members of Congress by pecuniary means?
No man can doubt it, and in my judgment no
member of the House does doubt it, however
he may vote on the resolution for his expul-
sion.
They say he is a self-made man, has ac-
quired a vast estate by steady industry, has
lived an honest life, is an honest man, and
aided largely in the building of the Pacific
railroad I do not wish to deny or to under-
rate any of those things, but after all the
question is, did he commit this crime? The
proof is abundant out of his own mouth, and
if before a jury, he could not escape the pen-
itentiary. I agree to all the glorification we
have heard of the Pacific railroad, and of its
immense advantage to this country. But it
occurred to me when I heard it whether the
benefit to the country would not have been
equally great if they had omitted to cheat the
Government out of twenty or thirty millions
m building it.
I agree that the House should give Mr.
Ames all the benefit of previous good char-
acter that such evidence would have before a
jury. The rule of law is that in a doubtful
case good character may turn the scale, but in
a clear and positive case such evidence has no
place. No matter how long or how well a man
has lived, if he commits a great crime, and the
evidence is clear, he must suffer the penalty.
The law excuses no man. It is said that he
has bat four days more to serve, and his pres-
ence here can do no harm for that time. Is
his crime any different or less, or our duty in
defending the good name and fame of the
House any different than if we were in the
first instead of the last four days of the Con-
gress '/
But before I close I want to make a word
of reply to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Vooriiees,] who appeared as the chief advo-
cate for Mr. Brooks. With all respect to that
gentleman, I must say that every point on the
evidence he made seemed to me entirely trivial.
In the first place, he said MeComb's evidence
must be wholly laid aside, because McComb
swore that the conversation he heard between
Brooks and Alley about fifty shares was in the
fall of 1808, when in fact they were transferred
in February before. It is true that when Mc-
Comb was first inquired of as to the time of the
conversation he heard between Brooks and
Alley he said he thought it was in the fall of
1868. But before he left the stand he thought
he was mistaken in the time, and that it was in
the winter or spring previous, but that he could
not fix the time, except that he knew it was
while Dr. Durant was absent in Europe, and
that time he could fix by memoranda at home.
On being recalled afterward he produced his
memoranda showing that Durant left for
Europe the 8th of January, 1868, and returned
March 5,1868. Yet the gentleman threw over
the evidence of McComb entirely because he
gave the time long after the thing itself was
done, and he relused to be interrupted by me
to correct his statement of McComb's evi-
dence. How anxious my friend must be to
make Mr. Brooks's case fairly understood 1
Another leading point, and one Mr. Brooks
.miself has attempted to make important, is
the date upon a list of the shareholders in the
Credit Mobilier, which list is an exhibit filed
in ilcComb's suit in Pennsylvania. That list
is headed with the date of December 12, 1867,
and upon the list is the name of Charles H.
Neilson for one hundred and fifty shares.
Now how that date was obtained did not
appear, and was in no way material; proba-
bly it was a date at the top of the page from
which the list was copied. But the evidence
was absolute and positive, by all the books,
certificates, and papers, that the first one hun-
dred shares were transferred to Neilson De-
cember 26, 1867j and the fifty shares February
29, 1868.
It was not claimed by Brooks or Neilson
that Neilson ever had any interest, either real
or nominal, in these shares till they were thus
transferred. And yet this mistake of date on
this exhibit has been made by Mr. Brooks and
his chief advocate a matter of paramount im-
portance.
Again, the gentleman from Indiana argued
earnestly that Neilson must have been the real
owner of the stock because he received the
dividends. As the stock stood in his name,
the dividends were made to him, and has not
the slightest effect to prove whether he was
the real or only the nominal owner. They
would be made to him in either case. The
gentleman made other points, but none more
important or conclusive. What must be the
strength of a case that compels a great advo-
cate to feed his hearers with such husks as
these ?
Bat I ought to allude to Mr. Brooks's letter
to the committee, asking a further hearing.
The evidence had all been concluded for several
days, and Mr. Brooks had the amplest time
and opportunity to show all he desired or
could ; the committee had spent some days in
preparing their report, and during their final
session this letter was sent them by Mr. Brooks.
Some of the evidence ho wanted to produce
had already been offered and excluded, as not
proper testimony, and as to Mr. Brooks's con-
duct as a Government director the committee
only found just what he himself stated. The
committee were satisfied that further delay
could not be useful to Mr. Brooks, and the late
period it was presented and the near approach
of the end of the session amply justified their
refusal to open the case for further evidence, and
no injustice was done thereby to Mr. Brooks.
But I ought not to leave this case without a
word of allusion to the spcech of Mr. Brooks
in the House early in the investigation. Let
any man read that speech and then compare
it with what Brooks and Neilson testified be-
fore the committee. After such an attempt
to mislead and deceive the House no man
could expect to be believed by anybody. It
is impossible to believe a man who will sol-
emnly and deliberately pervert the truth.
Mr. Speaker, the clock warns me my hour
is nearly run, and I can answer no more that
has been said. The committee have endeav-
ored to discharge the painful duty devolved
upon them to the best of their ability. They
gave ample time and opportunity ; they heard
all evidence that any party chose to bring ; all
who chose had the aid of counsel, and the
fullest latitude of examination. They came
to such conclusions as they deemed just, and
reported them to the House. They have dis-
dained any limitation of debate, or to take
any advantage under the rules of the House.
They feel an abiding confidence in their conclu-
sions, both of fact and law, and submit them
to the House trusting to be supported by its
judgment, but whether that shall be so or not,
they feel that they have done their duty, and
that further responsibility rests not upon them.
Before 1 sit down, Mr. Speaker, I desire to
add a word not absolutely essential to this
debate. .
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham]
and the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] both denounced the course of the
press on this subject with great severity. In
their view the whole matter is the result of
newspaper scandal and calumny, and has no
other foundation. I quite agree that, much
that has been said by the press, has been par-
tisan and foolish, and there does not seem to
have beeu displayed any very sincere wish to
deal out exact justice to anybody. But I do
not agree with those gentlemen that it is all
clamor, or all fiction. The excitement and
fury of the press over this matter is but the
spray and the foam of a ground-swell beneath,
that has foundation in the minds of the people
and is forming into a settled public opinion.
As said in our report, the country is filling
rapidly with gigautic associations which com-
mand great influence and great money power.
The people are fast learning that when neces-
sary to secure aims and interests of their own
these associations can lay temptations in the
way of their public servants too strong for
them to resist, and that, unless some check be
found, their rights, if not their liberties, will
soon be at the mercy of these great and fast-
increasing monopolies.
I warn gentlemen that unless this course of
things be amended they will soon encounter
a tempest of public judgment that will utterly
overthrow many of their schemes, and there
may be danger that the innocent will suffer
with the guilty. I trust that the labors of thi*
committee may at least give force and effect
to this " warning," if not also to give direction
and efficiency to the popular feeling and judg-
ment upon this subject. On behalf of the
committee I now submit our case to the judg-
ment and conscience of the House.
Louisiana.
SPEECH OF HON. M. H. CARPENTER,
OF WISCONSIN,
In the Senate of the United States,
February 27, 1873.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(S. No. 1621) to establish a government in the State of
Louisiana republican in form—
Mr. CARPENTER said :
Mr. President: There is little danger of
overestimating the importance of this bill. - It
contemplates the interference of the United
Slates with the affairs of the State of Louis-
iana, a matter of great delicacy and import-
ance. A general election was held in that
State on the 4th day of November last for the
election of Governor and other State officers
and members of the Legislature. This bill
declares that election null and void. I pro-
pose briefly to consider the power of Congress
to pass the bill, and to maintain its propriety
and necessity in this case.
At the election referred to Kellogg and
others were candidates for Governor and other
State offices, nominated and supported by the
Republican party, opposed by McEnery and
others. After the election both sides claimed
to have succeeded in carrying the State, and
the result is that two rival governments have
been organized, each claiming to be the law-
ful government; Kellogg at the head of one,
and McEnery of the other.
The people are about equally divided in senti-
ment in regard to these rival governments,
and neither can claim the support of any con-
siderable majority and the authority of neither
has the popular recognition. The Legislature
of each government has elected a Senator to
fill the seat in this body made vacant by Kel-
logg's resignation. The Kellogg Legislature has
elected Mr. Hay; and the other, Mr. McMillen.
This compels the Senate to determine whether
either of thein is entitled to the seat. This
question was referred to the Committee on
Privileges and Elections, and the committee
have devoted weeks to its investigation and
have finally reached the conclusion that neither
is entitled because neither Legislature can be
