1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
Mr. NYE. Dees not my colles^gue think
the amendment ought to provide that the in-
coming States shall have the same leave?
Mr. STEWART. They are now excepted
from the bill. Whenever there is legislation
for them it can be looked to. Nevada is the
only State in the bill where mining is almost
the exclusive pursuit, at all events so largely
the leading pursuit. California is a great
agricultural State. There is no other almost
exclusively mining State than Nevada included
in the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr President, under the
former act, that is the ac. of 18G2, to which
this bill seems to be supplementary, the Uni-
versity of California received the grant from
the State. The State, in other words, turned
over to the university the donation made by Con-
gress to the State of thirty thousand acres for
each Representative and Senator. The law of
1862 has beeu construed in that State to permit
the proceeds of those lauds to he applied in
aid of a mining school. Mining schools are
not specifically mentioned, it is true, in the act
of 180*2, and yet there are general words which
probably would by a liberal construction admit
mining schools to the benefit of the donation
of the proceeds of the public land.
I see no reason in the world why the amend-
ment of the Senator from Nevada should not
be adopted. Senators must be, or at least
tbey ought to be, better judges of the prevail-
ing interest in their own States than those
who have not and cannot have the same oppor-
tunities for information. No one who has
traveled even a little in the State of Nevada,
no one who knows even a little of the char-
acter of that State and of its industry, can
doubt that the Senator from Nevada is entirely
correct when he says that the mining interest
is altogether the predominant interest there,
and must continue so for a long series of
years. Indeed, sir, before the Senator made
his motion, I was considering the propriety
of a similar amendment with regard to the
State of California. I would suggest to the
Senator from Nevada to permit me to add the
State of California to his amendment, with this
additional modification of his amendment:
that so much as may be necessary of the
results of the lands donated by this act may
be appropriated to a mining school, so that
an objection may be anticipated which might
be made to devoting the whole of this to the
single subject of a mining school.
Mr. STEWART. I have no otgection.
Mr. CASSERLY. With that modification
I should like to have California added to the
State of Nevada. I understand the Senator
from Nevada accepts the suggestion.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Nevada will be so
modified.
Mr. CASSERLY. Now, Mr. President, let
me say to Senators who represent agricultural
or commercial or manufacturing States, that
not one among them can feel a stronger solici-
tude for the development and the welfare of
those great interests than I do. To agriculture
in particular my heart has always warmed,
and I trust the day never will come when I
shall fail to look with friendly interest upon
that primal industry of man. The first farmer
was the first man ; and it is remarkable that
in spite of the wonderful development of the
inventive genius of our race, especially in this
country and the countries of Europe, that
unless by the application of machinery to take
the place of hand-labor, not very much improve-
ment has been made in the methods of farm-
ing industry since the earliest days. _ That
shows how entirely it is adapted to a simple,
primitive population. Hence I cannot be
charged by any one who knows even a little
of my views on the subject of agriculture with
any indifference, much less with any hostility
to that great interest, or to any college, institu-
tion, establishment, or thing which in any
degree would conduce to its further develop-
ment and its entire welfare.
But the mining interest of this country ought
not be entirely overlooked. But for the mines
! of California and Nevada, it is difficult to say
how this country could have gone through the
ordeal of the last ten or twelve years. Down
to 1868 California added a thousand millions
to the specie wealth of the United States, and
Nevada has added some hundreds of her own,
and will continue to add them, I firmly believe,
for many years to come. We cannot shut our
eyes to the fact that mining is a leading inter-
est and a legitimate interest of each of those
States; and while you are making doijations
for the purpose of instruction in the great
interest of agriculture and the mechanic arts,
why refuse to include the mining interest in
two States, in one of which it is undoubtedly
the predominant interest, and in the other a
very important interest?
I trust the Senator from Vermont will not
persist in his objection to the amendment of
the Senator from Nevada as amended oil my
suggestion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Nevada as modified.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. A single
word; I do not desire to detain the Senate.
It is to those who are conversant with the law
on the subject perfectly obvious that the State
of Nevada can be accommodated, as other
States have beeu accommodated, with all the
instruction than can possibly be given on the
subject of mineralogy. Take the State of
Missouri. They have an independent school
of mines ; they have got the same in Illinois ;
1 and I understand they have in California. I
think, therefore, this amendment is totally un-
necessary.
Mr. CASSERLY. We have a school of
mines, at least the foundation of it, attached
to the University of the State of California;
but if that department of labor which mining1
calls for is to be treated as entitled to any con-
sideration in an American Senate, it seems to
me that a school for mining ought to be one
of the objects of our care in dealing with this
bill. What form of labor, I ask Senators,
requires more thorough training and more
careful and scientific instructions than mining
labor? Does agricultural labor? Does me-
chanical labor? Not intending to depreciate
either of these, it would be folly to say that
either of them is of such difficulty as to re-
i quire a training or an instruction far more
| thorough and scientific than that which mining
i requires. We know as a matter of fact that
what I said a while ago about farming is, if
possible, more true of mining.
The old Greek geographer describing the
system of quartz mining carried on by the
people of Egypt by means of captives taken
in war in the interior of Africa, described
substantially the mining processes of to-day in
crushing quartz and in extracting gold, the
only difference being that then they knew
; nothing of quicksilver, or of that mode of
treatment which relies upon the affinities of
! certain substances for gold. So difficult is the
i subject of mining labor, so earnestly demand-
| ing all the time the most constant application
j in order to acquire that kind of knowledge and
I that kind of training necessary to carry it on
! with any success, that I repeat there has been
scarcely any material progress made in the
i theory of quartz mining since the earliest days
' of which we have any account. And yet pro-
I posing to give away a half million acres of"
I public lands to each State of this Union,
between eighteen and twenty million acres in
the whole, Senators who support this biil seem
unwilling to permit either of the two States
most interested in this most interesting subject
to devote some portion of the proceeds of this
bill to a school for mines.
Mr. President, I cannot conceive any ground
on which that opposition can be rested. The
Senator from Vermont has said that States
have independent schools for mines. So they
have, and they have independent agricultural
colleges, and they have independent mechan-
ical colleges. I think the States are not indebt-
ed to Congress for the idea of mechanical or
agricultural colleges. They had their date, I
imagine, in some States, at least, before any
action of Congress on the subject. But to say
that a State may establish an independent
school of mines, I respectfully submit to the
Senator from Vermont is to say something
which has no sort of application to my ar-
gument. Of course, a. State may do it; so
may you or I or any other man that has the
means; but the question is whether or not in
making this vast donation for the purpose
of colleges throughout the States you will
refuse to permit the two mining States of
the country, Nevada and California, to devote
some part of your donation to the great inter-
est of mining. It seems to me that to say
that is to say something which is in the face
and eyes of the whole theory of the .principle
and usefulness of this bill, at least in those
two States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very sorry tp occupy
any time, and shall only say a, word. J. shall
vote against the amendment, but I do pot wish
to be made to vote against jt upon the argu-
ment of my friend from California, that I am
refusing to permit California and Nevada to
devote any portion of this fund that they like
to instruction in the art of mining. I think
the mischief of this amendment is that it raises
by implication a construction upon the original
act and upon the rest of this bill which will
cramp the other States in doing what I have
no doubt they have tbe right to do now under
this bill, namely, apply the fund to anything
that is related to the industry of the commun-
ity. Having, therefore, no doubt at all that
California and Nevada may apply the whole
of this fund, if they like, except that part
which may be required for military education,
to that special branch of industry which is here
spoken of, inasmuch as the adoption of this
amendment would put a construction upon the
whole law which would cramp the other States
indoing the same thing, I do not think it right
to say that we refuse to permit this thing be-
cause we vote against this amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. The argument of the
Senator from Vermont who has just taken his
seat addresses itself to me in this way: this
bill badly needs revision and badly needs to
be perfected. The Senator now objects to
this amendment because if it is adopted it may
have the effect, as he expresses it, to cramp
some other State. I submit the answer to
: that is that the amendment itself requires
amendment; it requires adaptation so that it
will cover the case not only of these.two State§,
but of other States whose needs may be eccen-
tric in any way.
I have not heard it asserted before, the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, who seems to be
very familiar with the law, did not assert his
belief, that under the act as it stands now a
State may take the whole of this fui^d and
devote it to a mining school; and witn great
deference, had the Senator from South Caro-
lina, or any other Senator, impo'sed that con-
struction upon the act, I should differ with
him. The act, which is not before'me at this
moment, speaks of instruction in agricultural
and mechanical arts. The working of a mine J
is a mechanical proceeding, undoubtedly; but •
it must be a great deal more than that in the
adaptation of the word and the definition of
it before you can say that the whole of these
proceeds could be put into a school of mines,
: except that which may be necessary to satisfy
