1500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
these facts were not only set forth in my re-
marks, bat appear in the printed report of the
committee; and notwithstanding the remarks
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] I
reiterate all these statements now.
Mr. KERR. I have looked at the report,
and it has satisfied me that its statements are
not true.
Mr. BEATTY. If the gentleman cannot
understand the report let him come to me and
I will explain it to him. Mr. Murtagh was
the lowest bidder, and he offers bonds to the
amount of $100,000, with good security, to be
forfeited in case he fails to carry out his con-
tract.
Mr. KERR- Who are his securities to be ?
Mr. BEATTY. They will be good securi-
ties and good men.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Shepherd will be one of
them.
Mr. BEATTY. Is nothea good man ?
Mr. KERR. Well, he may be one.
Mr. AMBLER. Will the gentleman allow
me to inquire whether, assuming that Governor
Cooke and Mr. Shepherd will be ^insecurities,
is there any doubt of their responsibility ?
Mr. KERR. I think there is some doubt
about their responsibility. They are running
the Washington ring, and I do not trust any
men connected with an organization of that
sort: I have no faith in them.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I pronounce the gentle-
man's statement unfounded.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. Did the gen-
tleman ever know the Government to collect
any large amount of money from sureties of
this kind?
_ Mr. BEATTY. If it did not it was the
fault of the Government.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] and
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
have referred to speeches which I made a year
and more ago, and endeavored to show that
the statements and estimates therein do not
correspond with the statements and estimates
made by me on Saturday. This may be true.
In the absence of exact information in respect
to many items, I was compelled to base ray
calculntions upon the best data to be obtained
at the time. My earlier speeches and esti-
mates, however, should satisfy the gentlemen
of one thing, to wit, that when I entered upon
the investigation of this matter I endeavored
to be absolutely just and fair to the publishers
of the Globe, and I can affirm truthfully that
that is my desire now. In the speeches to
which the gentlemen have referred, I endeav-
ored to consider all the disadvantages of the
business, and everything belonging to it that
was peculiar and exceptional. I was careful
to provide for every possible contingency, the
most expensive labor, and the best material;
aud finally, for fear of doing the publishers
possible injustice, I made a liberal allowance for
things not thought of. Further, investigation
has convinced me that my allowance for things
notthought of was entirely too liberal, and my
estimates of the cost of corrections, waiting
Copy, wear and tear of machinery, &c., were,
much too large. The proof of this, conclusive
and absolute, we have before us to-day in the
form of proposals from responsible bidders.
It is unnecessary to discuss statements and
estimates made a year ago. The estimates
betore the House now are more definite and
reliable) because they come from men who
have a practical knowledge of the business,
and who are ready to bind themselves to do
the work at the rates specified. What I may
have said is of little consequence. What they
say is important, for they mean business.
We may be told that no one can do this
work as well and perfectly as Rives & Bailey
lhere is no truth in this. There is not a job
printer in the city who cannot print our
speeches just as accurately and as handsomely
as the Globe office. The documentary and
departmental printing executed at th« Gov-
ernment Office is aa nearly perfect typograph-
ically as it can be made in any office in the
United States. Clarence King's Report, the
Medical and Surgical History of the Rebellion,
the Patent Office Gazette, and reports of the
Commissioners of Agriculture and Education
all verify this fact. It would be impossible for
the Globe office to do this work better than it is
now done. It is absurd to suppose that the
same reporters cannot prepare the reports just
as well for W. J. Murtagh as for Rives & Bailey,
and it is just as absurd to suppose that the
same proof-readers, compositors, and stereo-
types cannot put this matter in print just as
accurately and promptly in the office of Mur-
tagh as in that of the old contractors. But
you say Rives & Bailey have had long expe-
rience in this particular work. Very true; but
what is this work? It is simply transferring
words from the manuscript to the printed page,
an art that one hundred thousand men in this
country understand just as well as Rives &
Bailey. They are not practical workmen ; all
they do is to employ good type-setters, fore-
man, stereotypers, and proof-readers, just as
the house-builder employs good masons, car-
penters, and painters. These same type-set-
ters, foreman, proof-readers, and stereotypers
could execute the work just as perfectly in the
office of W. J. Murtagh as they do in that of
Rives & Bailey. In fact there are three men
in the Globe office, to wit, the foreman, the
maker-up, and the stereotyper, whose services
can be had, I have no doubt, by the Govern-
ment or by any private contractor, and who
would execute the work just as well as it is
now done.
The old contractors have for many years
encouraged the belief that there was something
so peculiar and exceptional about this work
that nobody else could do it; that some mys-
terious and superhuman intelligence was re-
quired for its proper execution, and that they
of all mankind were the sole possessors of this
wonderful power. They have made us believe
it, and our credulity in this regard has been
better than a gold mine to them. There is no
mystery about this business. It is a plain
matter of type, paper, ink, and printing presses.
There are thousands of good printers in the
country, and it will not do to say these men
cannot be employed by anybody else just as
well as by Rives & Bailey.
It is true that there was a time, within the
recollection of the youngest reporter at the
desk before me, when the art of stenography
was little understood and very imperfectly
practiced; when, in fact, it was impossible to
reproduce accurately the heated and rapid dis-
cussions which took place in legislative bodies.
In 1833,_ when Blair & Rives commenced the
publication of the Congressional Globe, only
such speeches were inserted as members of
Congress would write out themselves. Only a
few could find time to do this, or would take
the trouble to do it, and the reports of the
debates and proceedings were therefore meager,
imperfect, and unsatisfactory, and these, as
you will see by reference to the old volumes,
were very imperfectly printed. Since that
period invention has brought to the aid of the
publisher steam, improved presses, better
type, ink, paper, and superior workmen, be-
side that the stenographer has since that time
attained such perfection in his art that he can
catch every word and syllable as it falls in
the noisiest discussion. So that which could
not be done at all thirty years ago is done
now, and done perfectly, for every leading
newspaper in the country, and the utterances
of distinguished statesmen, theologians, and
scientists, wherever they may speak to-night,
are reproduced with perfect accuracy in the
morning papers. Rives & Bailey have no
monopoly of the skill requisite to do this work.
Take for instance the New York Herald, of
Saturday, with twice as much reading matter
r i'V48 t'lere's a.u average copy of the Daily
Globe# Its editorials cover an entire page,
its correspondence is from every section of th<s
civilized world. It is as typographically perfect
as the Globe, and yet this matter is put in type,
corrected, stereotyped, and issued daily with
all the precision and promptitude with which
the hand moves forward on the dial of the
clock. The same may be said of the Tribune,
Times, and hundreds o.f other papers. Our
speeches shed a luster over the Globe, dazzling
to our eyes, but unfortunately not to the eyes ot
anybody else. Were other papers only illum-
inated by them, we could very readily see that
what Rives & Bailey are doing others could do
as well.
It has been said the Globe will become a
partisan sheet. How can it ? Everything but
the proceedings of Congress will be excluded
by the contract.
It is objected that Murtagh is a Republican.
It would have pleased me had the lowest
bidder been a Democrat, for then I could
have set the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] an example of liberality, of tolerance
for other men's opinions. In business trans-
actions I know nothing of politics, care noth-
ing for politics; the question to be decided,
then, is one of loss and gain, aud should not
be affected in any way by any man's political
preference. In reference to this matter the
Government should act upon business prin-
ciples, and not party preference. It should
study economy and secure the best bargain,
precisely as any sensible business man would
do.
Mr. Murtagh is the lowest bidder. He is
anxious to secure the contract, and has tbe
best building in the city for the purpose, and
the machinery and means necessary for a
proper execution of the work. He is ready to
give a bond for $100,000, indorsed by respons-
ible parties, to be forfeited in case he fails to
do the work well and satisfactorily. As the
lowest bidder he is entitled to the contract.
It is said he cannot do the work, that his
bid is too low. You simply arrive at that con-
clusion from the fact that you have been pay-
ing Rives & Bailey hitherto twice as much
as the work was worth ; but that fact to mv
mind proves only that we have been swindled
most outrageously in this matter. Mr. Mur-
tagh is a practical printer, he should know his
own business. In making his proposal he has
exercised great care, and reviewed Ins estimates
and calculations repeatedly. He has also had
the advice and assistance of gentlemen of
experience. Responsible parties are ready to
back him up by their bond. What right have
you to say, then, that he does not know what
he is about.
Tbe gentlemen who oppose this bill attack
the estimates of Murtagh, and insist that they
are too low. This has always been the policy
ot Rives & Bailey. They have never made a
detailed statement of the cost of printing the
Globe. Their estimates are always in gross ;
never itemized. Their plan is to attack the
estimates of others ; never to make any them-
selves. Why? Because they know any esti-
mate in detail which would amount to the
sum they now receive for the work would be
picked to pieces and riddled by every news-
paper in the country. They, therefore, find
it safer to communicate with members pri-
vately, make general statements about capital
invested, corrections, waiting copy, and other
things equally indefinite and little understood
by the outside world, and yet, common enough
to and easily estimated for by every publisher.
But it is said his bid for type-setting is too
low. In answer to this I need only aay that
his proposal for type-setting is fifty per cent,
h'gher than the amount paid to compositors for
doing the work. But it is said the debates
and proceedings must all be stereotyped. Cer
tainly. But the stereotypeplat.es, after being
used, are worth double what it costs to make
them. Rives & Bailey value their plates at two
or three hundred thousand dollars. But it h
said his bid for reporting is too low. Well sup-
pose it is. Why should we trouble ourselves
