1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1501
about that if Mr. Murtagh is satisfied? He
stands ready to accept the contract upon the
terms proposed. He does not desire to be re-
leased from any portion of it. He is ready to
bind himself to employ only such reporters as
are satisfactory to Congress. The best men in
the eity are ready to back him in the under-
taking, and yet it is persisted by those gener-
ally who have not investigated the subject that
he cannot do the work. Why? Simply be-
cause he does not estimate that it will cost one
dollar per thousand ems for reporting what is
not reported at all.
This is the great argument used against him
privately. Why should it cost thirty dollars,
for instance, to transmit the President's mes-
sage from the Speaker's desk to the Globe
office? Can anybody tell ? Certainly not. If
Mr. Murtagh had asked one dollar per thou-
sand ems for reporting such matter, his propo-
sal would have been satisfactory to those who
oppose him now. But because he has put in
an honest bid gentlemen are in arms against
him. We have been swindled so long in this
matter that we have come to look upon rob-
bery and extortion as fair and just, and to
regard with suspicion that which is honest and
reasonable. But once more let me repeat that,
under the bill before us, no reporter can be
employed who is not satisfactory to the House,
and Mr. Murtagh stands ready to employ the
present corps of reporters, and pay them pre-
cisely what they are now getting from Rives &
Bailey. He understood that he would be re-
quired to do this when he made his proposals.
But I do not propose to discnss the pro-
posal of Mr. Murtagh in detail. I take it for
granted that, being a practical printer, and a
man of good sense, he has investigated this
matter thoroughly, and knows what he is
about. All I care to know is that his is the
lowest-bid, that he proposes toback it up with
a hundred thousand dollar bond, and that
under the bid the Government will save over
$200,000 in the next Congress.
It is said the proposal of Murtagh is not made
in good faith, that he is endeavoring to get pos-
session of the work, with a view to making an
appeal to the next Congress for assistance to
enable him to execute it. These unfair state-
ments could be made against any one, and
against any one as properly as against Mr.
Murtagh. The contract he proposes to make
is defiuite, and admits of no double construc-
tion. The bond he has given is good, and the
one he proposes to give will be good. He is
a practical printer, a man of energy and good
sense. He has deliberately made his proposi-
tion,after much consultation with men of experi-
ence, and after many reviews of his calculations
and estimates. What claim, therefore, could
he hope to make that would be regarded for a
moment by the next Congress? What pos-
sible inducement could he have for risking his
money upon so hopeless an enterprise as that
suggested? No, no.; there is no truth in this
suggestion. Mr. Murtagh knows very well
what he is about. • He knows there is a fair
profit in the contract, and a handsome profit
in the other work which it will bring to his
office.
In this connection I will ask to have in-
serted in my remarks an extract from a speech
which I made a year ago:
"As incidental to the work of publishing the pro-
ceedings of Congress, and resulting from it, is the
immense business of printing and furnishing mem-
bers and party committees with speeches for circula-
tion among the people. The matter being in type,
the actual cost to the publishers of doing this work
comprises only the value of paper and press-work,
whiie they get the full rates charged by job printers.
This business, obtained by reason of their being the
publishers of the debates, affords them probably a
profit of $30,000 a year. This, of eourse.is a private
matter, with which Congress has no business except
in so far as it goes to show that the work of pub-
lishing the debates, with all the petty annoyances
to which we know it must subject the contractors,
carries with it certain compensating advantages
which a business man will not be likely to overlook
when the work is put up to the lowest responsible
bidder."
It may be asked, what shall we do in case
the lowest bidder fails in the middle of a
session to do his work ? He will not fail. But
to guard against a contingency so improbable
it will only be necessary to provide in the con-
tract that in case of delay, irregularity, or
failure, the Congressional Printer shall be
authorized to take posssession of Murtagh's
building, type, machinery, &c., and continue
the work until he can provide for its reception
at the Government Office. There need be no
stoppage of the daily, no embarrassment, no
loss ; in fact, by shaking off the present pub-
lishers we have everything to gain and nothiog
to lose.
The same arguments used to day against
Murtagh were used four years ago against the
gentleman who was the lowest bidder for the
work at that time. His proposal, based upon
the work of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, was
$128,000 less than Rives & Bailey's. The
$25,000 bond which accompanied his bid was
unexceptionable. The bidder came recom-
.mended by the Appletons of New York, the
publisher of the New York Times, and other
gentlemen well known, and of no less respect-
ability. Under his proposal the work of the
Forty-First Congress would have cost $150,000
less than we paid Rives & Bailey for doing it.
His proposition was made in response to au
advertisement issued under an act of Congress.
He came supposing he would have fair play
and respectful treatment. He was a bona
,fide bidder, and yet Rives & Bailey had influ-
ence enough to have him ridiculed, laughed
at, abused, and finally kicked out of the
American Congress, for doing what he had
been invited to do, and what he proposed to
do on fair terms. In discussing this subject a
year ago I called attention to tlie injustice done
to this man, and afterward received the fol-
lowing letter:
Rahway, New Jeksev, March 13,1872.
Dear Sir : My attention has been called to your
speech on the publication of the congressional
debates. I thank you for the manner in which you
have alluded to the proposition I made in 1869. I
was treated very shabbily by the last Congress in
that matter. I had the type ready to be shipped,
and all preliminary arrangements made to commence
the work, and in response to a telegram from baft in
on the 17th February, 1869,1 replied that X could be
ready by the 4th of March. Congress would have
saved over $200,000 on the work up to the present
time by accepting my offer.
Respectfully, JOS. T. CROWELL.
Hon. Johx Bkatty.
These bidders are entitled to fair treatment
at our hands. If you are afraid of Murtagh,
accept the proposition of Ladd & Towers,
which is $116,000 less on one Congress than
Rives & Bailey's. If you are afraid of t-hern,
give the work to the Government Office, and
save $200,000 a Congress ; but do not, I pray
you, give the contract to men who have treated
your advertisement for proposals with con-
tempt, refused to make their bid in the form
and manner and within the time prescribed by
your committee, and who, encouraged by their
past success in such matters, are confidently
expecting to drive through Congress a propo-
sition from which during the next six years
they will reap a net profit of $800,000.
The plan of Rives & Bailey now is to pre-
vent action on the part of Congress; they
know that if Congress adjourns without pro-
viding for this work the next Congress will be
at their mercy, just as the present Congress
was ; that they can obtain any rates they ask,
because no one else will be prepared to do the
work. If any reduction of expenditure in
this regard is obtained, it must be by making
contract for the work now. Delay or post-
ponement amounts simply to continuing the
work in the hands of the old contractors at.
the present rates, or, if they demand it, at in-
creased rates. I trust, therefore, there will
be no further delay ; either give the contract
to the lowest bidder, or provide for the execu-
tion of the work at the Government Office.
Mr. Speaker, how much time have I left?
The SPEAKER. The' gentleman has eight
minutes of his hour remaining. But the hour
of two having arrived, the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Cobubn] is entitled to the floor
on the order of the House that to-day after
this hour, to the exclusion of all other busi-
ness, shall be devoted to the consideration of
reports from the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BEATTY. I hope the gentleman will
allow us a little time to finish this matter.
Mr. COBURN. On condition that there is
no more debate.
Mr. BEATTY. I call for a vote.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Pending that
question, I move that this joint resolution be
laid on the table.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 59, noes 71.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. KERR called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BEATTY. Will not the gentleman be
content with the yeas and nays on the final
passage 1
Mr. KERR. I prefer to take them on this
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken ; and there
were—yeas 84, nays 106, not voting 50 ; as
follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Acker, Arthur, James B. Beck,
Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, Boarman, Boles, Braxton,
Bright, Caldwell, Cnmingo. Conner, Orebs, Critcher,
Crocker, Cropland, Davis, Dodds, Dox, DuBose, Eld -
redge, Ely, ISsty, Farnsworth, HenryD. Poster, (jar-
re Lt, GeU, biddings, Golladay, Goodrich, Griffith,
llaldeman, Hancock, Handloy, Hanks, Harper, John
T. Harris, Hereford, Ilerndon, Kendall, Kerr, King.
Lamison, Leach, Maclntyre, Mauson, Marshall,
McClelland, McHenry, McKinney. Merrick, Benja-
min F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morgan, Movphis, Silas L.
Niblack, William E. Niblack, Perry, Porter, Potter,
Rainey, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
Rice, Robinson, Sion II. Rogers. Roosevelt, Sher-
wood, Shober, Slater, Stevens, Storm, Swann, Terry,
Tuthill, Van Trump, Vaughan, Warren, Wells,
Whiteley, Winchester, and Wood—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Averill, Barber,
Barry, Beatty, Bigby, Bingham, James G. Blair,
Buckley, Butfinton, Bunnell, Burchard, Burdett,
Benjamin E. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cobb, Co-
burn, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton, Darrall, Dickey,
Donnan, Duell, Bunnell, Eames, Elliott Finkehi-
burg, Charles Poster, Wilder D. Foster, Hale, Ham-
bleton, Harmer, George B. Harris, Havens, John B.
llawley, Joseph R. llawley, Gerry W. iinzelton,
John W. Hazelton, Hibbard, Holraan, Hooper,
Houghton, Kelley, Keteham, Lamport, Lansing,
Lowe, Lynch, Staynard, McCormiok, MeOrary,
McGrew, Mcjunkin, McKee, Merriam, Monroe,
Morey, Orr, Packard, Packer, Isaac C. Parker,
Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Piatt, Poland, Price,
Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Jotin
Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Shanks,
Shoemaker, Sloss, H. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith Snyder,Speer.sprague,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, St.
John, Sy pher, Tafl'e, Thomas, W ashington Townsend,
Turner, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Wald-
ron, Wallace, Wheeler, Whitthorne, Willard, and
John T. Wilson—106.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Archer, Banks,
Barnum, Erasmus W. Beck, Bell, Brooks, Campbell,
Carroll, Clarke, Cox, Creely, Dawes, Duke, Farweil,
Forker. Frye, Garfield, Halsey, Hay. Hays, Hill,
Hoar, Kellogg, Killinger, Kinselia, Lewis, McNeely,
Moore, Leonard Myers, Negley, Palmer, Hosea W.
Parker, Peters, Prindie, Rusk, Seeley, Sheldon,
Shellabarger, Sloeum, Snapp, Sutherland, Dwight
Townsend, Twichell, Voorhees, Waddell, Williams
of Indiana, Williams of New York, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, and Young—50. ■
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
Before the result of the vote wasannounced,
Mr. VOORHEES said: I was not within
the bar of the House when the last name on
the roll was called, but I was here before the
reading of the list was completed. I ask per-
mission to vote on this motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot ask
consent for that purpose.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The joint resolution was then passed, upon
a division—ayes 89, noes 69.
Mr. BEAT I'Y moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
