1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
201
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Louisiana—Mr. Carpenter.
'SfiNATK.
bers of the Legislature like men on a chess-
board, the nominal enactment of whatever
acts he pleased, to be deposited in his safe,
and to be approved or not as might suit his
convenience or promote his purposes, and thus,
practically, the legislative power of the State
was exercised by him.
If it was uncertain whether it would be de-
sirable or not to continue any existing law
during the vacation of the Legislature, he could
procure the passage of an act repealing such
law, and approve it or not, as he saw fit; if it
was desirable to have a general law suspended
for a limited time, he could procure the pass-
age of two acts, one repealing the old law,
and another repealing the repealing act, and
on the first day of June he could approve the
act which abolished the old law, and on the
first day of July he could approve the act re-
storing the old law ; thus substantially exer-
cising the legislative powers of the State to
further his purposes. Whenever he desired
to remove any officer of the State government
he did so by what he called an ''executive
order." When some refractory judge would
no longer do his bidding, he could take from
his safe, and approve an act abolishing the
court and transferring the jurisdiction to some
obsequious judge; and when the judge thus
suspended, returned to his allegiance, he could
take another act from his safe and approve it,
reinstating the judge and restoring his juris-
diction. [Laughter.] The record before us
furnishes abundant evidence that the judicial
department of that State has not been unmind-
ful of this disciplining power in the hands of
the Governor.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to make a suggestion ?
Mr. CARPENTER, If it is a suggestion,
and not a reply.
Mr. MORTON. I take no exception to the
sketch the Senator has drawn of Governor
Warmoth, but simply say that his bill proposes
to restore Governor Warmoth to office until
about the 1st of June or July next.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator from In-
diana could not have supposed that it was
necessary to interrupt me to make that happy
suggestion. That being the first section of
the bill, it could not be supposed to have
escaped my notice; and the only object of that
interruption was to suggest a reply.
Mr. CONKLING. To abbreviate the sketch.
Mr. CARPENTER. Perhaps so.
Mr. MORTON. I indorse the sketch.
Mr. CARPENTER." Now, Mr. President,
I say it is very easy to see why this election
law was passed. It put the next election com-
pletely into the power of Governor Warmoth.
He, by having the appointment of registrars
of election who appointed commissioners, and
by being the head of the board which was to can-
vass the votes, had the election in his hands.
The purpose and end of the act were to
override the constitution and clothe the Gov-
ernor with power to reelect himself; and now
the Senator from Indiana will find it impos-
sible by any nice criticism of the phraseology of
this section to override its manifest spirit and
purpose and show that the act does not conflict
with the constitution.
Governor Warmoth steadily increased his
power for evil by the cunning and caution with
which he exercised unconstitutional power.
He was economical in revolution. When an
emergency arose he set aside the constitu-
tion and laws without hesitation, but only so
far as was necessary to accomplish his pur-
pose. That end secured, the gulf of difficulty
passed, he returned with commendable alacrity
to the observance of legal forms. He was
determined to rule, rule in the most absolute
reality; that conceded, however, he was will-
ing to do so in conformity with the constitu-
tion and laws, and he only set them aside
when they were inconvenient to him or proved
a limitation upon his powers. In other words,
the constitution and laws were in force and
were to be observed, unless suspended by his
executive order.
Previous to this election, Bovee, who was
elected secretary of State when Warmoth
was elected Governor, did something which
displeased Warmoth, and he issued "an ex-
ecutive order removing Bovee and appointing
Herron secretary of State. This act of the
Governor was wholly unauthorized and void,
and Bovee might have resisted it with force,
but he yielded to it, and permitted Herron to
enter into the office under the Governor's
appointment; and then Bovee brought suit
against Herron, under the "intrusion act"
which corresponds to the writ of quo warranto
at the common law. The judge of this court
was a part of Warmoth's assets, and decided
that the order removing Bovee was valid. An
appeal was taken by Bovee which the supreme
court dismissed for some informality; and
Herron was acting secretary of State at the
time of the last election, and continued so to
act until he was removed by Warmoth, as I
shall state presently.
But I return from this digression. Under
this provision of the constitution and under
this act the last November election was held.
The returns from the parishes_ were made to
the Governor in compliance with the act, and
not to the secretary of State, as the constitu-
tion required ; and the Governor assembled
the board of canvassers created by the act.
The act styles this board the "returning
board," but I shall adhere to corresponding
language more familiar to me, and call it the
canvassing board. On the 13th of November
a majority of the board assembled—Warmoth,
Governor; Pinchback, Lieutenant Governor;
Herron, secretary of State ; and Lynch Ander-
son being absent. Governor Warmoth very
soon ascertained that this board would not
act to suit him, and he determined to recon-
struct it; and for this purpose pretended
to remove Herron as secretary of State, and
appointed Wharton in his place. The vote of
the secretary of State was necessary to accom-
plish Warmoth's designs, and it is not denied
that Warmoth removed Herron and appointed
Wharton for the very purpose of gaining con-
trol of the canvassing board. Pinchback and
Anderson, having been candidates at the elec-
tion, were disqualified to serve, and the other
members of the board were empowered to fill
the vacancies.
It is claimed by Governor Warmoth that on
the' 14th of November, after Wharton had
displaced Herron, secretary of State, as a
member of the board, the board elected Hatch
and "Da Ponte to fill these vacancies. On the
other hand, it is claimed by Herron and Lynch
that Longstreet and Hawkins were elected to
fill the vacancies. This gave rise to two boards
of canvassers; first, Warmoth, Hatch, and Da
Ponte ; they admitting that Lynch was entitled
to a seat which he did not take ; second, Lynch,
Herron, Longstreet, and Hawkins; they ad-
mitting that Warmoth was entitled to a seat
which he did not take. Warmoth recognized
and acted with the first board, and presented
and opened before them the returns of the
election which he had received under the law.
Dibble, judge of the eighth district court of
New Orleans, was a candidate at the election
for a reelection; but his opposing candidate,
Elmore, is conceded to have received about
nine thousand more votes than Dibble.
In this connection, it should be borne in
mind that Judge Dibble' had been a candi-
date for reelection at this very election ; that
his successor, Mr. Elmore, had in fact been
elected, as is conceded on all hands, by about
nine thousand majority, but by the provision of
that constitution the officers of the State hold
over until their successors are not only elected
but qualified, so that there never can be a
hiatus in the actual possession of an office.
Dibble, therefore, had a direct interest, if it
could be supposed that any judge would look
to his own interest—and I should not suppose
this in any oth<;r condition of things than
such a state of revolution as now exists in
Louisiana—a direct interest, if he was cor-
rupt enough to let it influence him at all, to
prevent, any canvass whatever of these votes,
because he would remain in office until the
canvass could be made.
On the 14th November the Warmoth board
commenced suit against the Lynch board and
obtained an injunction; and the Lynch board
commenced a suit before the same judge for
an injunction against the Warmoth board, and
he granted that also. Thus both boards were
prevented from making the canvass; t and
until a canvass could be made Judge Dibble
was continued in office by the constitution.
Mr. MORTON. I think you ought to do
justice to Judge Dibble 
Mr. CARPENTER. You do justice to
Judge Dibble after I get through. I can-
not let you do justice to everybody at the
end of every seutence, because I want my part
of this speech to be longer than yours.
[Laughter.] If any injustice is done to Judge
Dibble it is done by his own conduct. I have
not misstated it.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir, you have.
Mr. CARPENTER. In what particular?
Mr. MORTON. I will state. The Senator
represents Judge Dibble as granting injunctions
on both sides. The Senator misstates in this,
in not stating the fact that when on the 16th
of November an application was made on the
part of the Lynch board to restrain the War-
moth board from counting, a restraining order
was granted until the case could be heard ; and
the next day Governor Warmoth made appli-
cation on the other side, and the same order
was granted restraining'the Lynch board until
the case could be heard. He granted orders
restraining both boards, which was exactly his
duty; and on the 19th both cases were heard
together—only four days afterward. That is
justice to Judge Dibble.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator from
Indiana wants to take up this narrative at this
point and finish my speech for me, I will yield
to him. But when I am relating what took
place on the 14th, I do not like to be inter-
rupted by the Senator to state what took place
on the 19th. Wait at least until I pass that
point, and if then I have done Judge Dibble
injustice, correct me. _ _
The technical distinction between an injunc-
tion and a restraining order is even fiiier than
the argument by which the Senator attempts
to reconcile this election law with the consti-
tution. What is the difference ? When a court
prohibits anything being done, it is sufficiently
correct for popular discussion to say the court
has enjoined the act.
On the 19th November—and I should have
stated the fact before this time if the Senator
had not interrupted me to say it for me—Judge
Dibble dismissed the suit in favor of the War-
moth board against the Lynch board and
decided the suit in favor of the Lynch board
in its suit against the Warmoth board, grant-
ing au injunction.
Warmoth then took from his safe an, act of
the Legislature passed the spring before, and
approved it on the 20th of November, 1872,
with provisions as follows:
"Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That five per-
sons, to be elected by the senato from all political
parties, shall be the returning officers for al I elections
in the State, a majority of whom shall constitute a
quorum, and have power to make the returns oi all
