1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
made to yield corn at the rate of seventy-five
bushels per a<fcre.
Mr. President, I am perfectly willing that
the State of Nevada or the State of California
should direct the greater force of its efforts in
the establishment of this college toward the
industries which are peculiar to those States.
I have no doubt it will be done in every State
of the Union ; that the characteristic of the
several colleges will depend upon the particu-
lar industry of the people of the State where the
college is founded ; and I submit that the act
which has been read by the Senator from Ver-
mont, and which I read a few moments ago,
is broad enough to cover this whole case, and
it is not desirable that Nevada should exclude
agriculture from the college, although it may
make it a matter of entirely minor consider-
ation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
follow the good sense of the Senate in the con-
duct of this bill. It is manifest that if it goes
over till to-morrow it will consume another
day. My own impression is that the Senate
are now ready to vote upon it. I appeal, there-
fore, to the friends of the measure to refrain
from further speaking and have a vote. I am
quite satisfied that three quarters of the Senate
are in favor of the passage of this bill, and I
trust that we shall pass it without further dis-
cussion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Minnesota.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 22, noes 21; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After twenty-three minutes spent in
executive session, the doors were reopened
ana (at five o'clock and seven minutes p. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 13, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read
and approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will be the call of the
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for the introduction of bills and joint
resolutions for reference to their appropriate
committees, and not to be brought back by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures may be presented for reference
and printing. The morning hour begins at
thirteen minutes after twelve o'clock.
daniel mahoney.
Mr. BELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3379) granting a pension to Daniel Mahoney ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
sarah j. kimball.
Mr. BELL also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3380) granting a pension to Sarah J. Kim-
ball ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
post roads.
Mr. HIBBARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3381) to^uthorize the Postmaster General
to establish post roads ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
john e. woodward.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 3382) to'reimburse John E.
Woodward for certain moneys paid by him ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
circuit court southern new york district.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3383) to provide for
the holding of additional terms of the circuit
court of the United States for the southern
district of New York, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
free importation of a church bell.
Mr. DAWES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3384) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to admit free of duty a bell imported for
the Catholic church at Milford, Massachusetts ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
john m'harg.
Mr. DAWES also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3385) for the relief of John McHarg, late
collector of internal revenue for the fifth col-
lection district of the State of New York; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
edward o'driscoll.
Mr. BUFFINTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3386) restoring Edward O'Driscoll to the
pension-roll; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
reorganization of treasury department.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 3387) to reorganize the Treas-
ury Department, to fix the salaries of its offi-
cers and employes, and to establish a system
of appointments for the civil Departments in
Washington ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Reor-
ganization of the Civil Service, and ordered to
be printed.
national banks.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, also intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 3388) to require
national banks to restore their capital when
impaired, and to amend sections twenty-nine
and fifty-seven of the national currency act;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency, and ordered to be printed.
commissions for customs collectors.
Mr. EAMES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3389) making an appropriation for the payment
of commissions allowed by law to collectors
for their services as superintendents of lights;
which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
george f. thorp.
Mr. EAMES also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3390) for the relief of George P. Thorp;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
and War of 1812, and ordered to be printed.
liquor prohibition in the district.
Mr. LAMPORT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3391) to prohibit the manufacture, import-
ation, and sale of intoxicating liquors as a
beverage in the District of Columbia; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
prohibitory law for territories.
Mr. LAMPORT also introduced bill (H. R.
No. 3392) to prohibit the manufacture, import-
ation, and sale of intoxicating liquors as a
beverage in the Territories of the United
States; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Terri-
tories, and ordered to be printed.
william w. sweet.
Mr. ROGERS, of New York, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 3393) granting a pension to Wil-
liam W. Sweet, of Clinton county, in the State
of New York; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
alexander h. davis.
Mr. DUELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3394) for the relief of Alexander H. Davis;
which was read a first and second time, refer-
red to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed..
tax on state banks.
Mr. DUELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3395) to abolish the tax of ten per cent, im-
posed on the circulation of State banks ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
emancipation proclamation.
Mr. DUELL also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3396) to authorize the purchase of the
original painting known as the first reading
of the emancipation proclamation ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Library, and ordered to be
printed.
national bank penalty.
Mr. MERRIAM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3397) to provide a penalty for non-pay-
ment of duty due from national banks ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
newspaper postage.
Mr. HILL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3398) to equalize the postage on newspapers;
which was read a first and second time, refer-
red to the Committee on the Po^t Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
state banks.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3399) to provide for
obtaining information of the condition of banks
organized under State law ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency, and ordered to
be printed.
grade of naval officers.
Mr. NEGLEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3400) to regulate and establish the grade of
certain officers of the United States Navy;
which was read a first and secondtime, referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
jonathan diehl and george jlymyer.
Mr. B. F. MEYERS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 3401) for the relief of Jonathan Diehl and
George Blymyer, sureties on the bond of
Josiah S. Diehl, late contractor for carrying
the United States mails on route 4249 ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
amendment to the constitution.
Mr.'B. F. MEYERS also introduced a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 178) proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States providing for the payment of the princi-
pal and interest of the public debt and the
annual current expenses of the Government
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
george s. wright.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 3402) for the relief of George
S. Wright, administrator of the estate of John
T. Wright, deceased; which was read a first
