1502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business,
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered
that to-day, from and after two o'clock, shall
be devoted to the consideration of business
from the Committee on Military Affairs, to the
exclusion of all other business. The gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Cobtjrn,] as chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. POTTER. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. CO BURN. I will yield if the gen-
tleman submits no proposition that leads to
debate.
portrait of lafayette.
Mr. POTTER, I ask unanimous consent
to submit for consideration at this time the
following preamble and resolution:
Whereas the original full length portrait of Lafay-
ette, as painted by Arry Schaeffer, and by him pre-
sented to the House of Representatives, is suffering
for the want of attention and repair: Therefore,
Revolved, That the Committee on the Library be
instructed to inquire and take such means as may
be necessary to protect and preserve this valuable
memorial.
I call attention to the correspondence which
took place between Arry Scbseffer and Speaker
Clay, of the House, at the time of the present-
ation of this portrait. That correspondence
is as follows :
Paris, October 17, 1824.
Sir: I send by the ship Cadmus, Captain Francis
Aliyn, (who has kindly promised to take it on to
Washington,) a full length portrait of General La-
fayette, painted by me, which I pray you to do me
the honor to accept for the Hall of the House of
Representatives over which you preside.
As the friend and admirer of General Lafayette,
and of American liberty, I feel happy to have it in
my power to express, in this way, my grateful feelings
tor the national honors which the free people of the
United States are, at this moment, bestowing on the
triend and companion in arms of your illustrious
Washington, on the man who has been so gloriously
received by you as the nation's guest.
Accept, sir, with the above testimony of my senti-
ments foi your country, and for my venerable friend,
the sincere assurance of my profound respect.
A. SCHJ2EFER.
Hon. Speaker of the Mouse of Representatives of
the United States, Washington.
Washington, March 2,1826.
Sir: I duly received your letter of the 19th of
October, 1824, dated at Paris, stating that you had
sent by Captain Ailyn, in the ship Cadmus, a full
length portrait of General Lafayette, painted by you,
of which you desired the acceptance for the Hall oi
tho House oi Representatives. Shortly after the re-
ceipt of your letter the portrait was safely delivered
by Captain Ailyn. Having laid your letter before the
House, and communicated to it that the portrait was
in the custody of its officers, I am directed by a res-
olution of the House to express to you its thanks for
this very valuable testimony of your obliging atten-
tion. The portrait itself having been suspended in
the Rotunda of the Capitol, of which it formed a
beautiful ornament, the gratified public were able
in consequence of the presence of General Lafayette,
to test its perfect fidelity to the original, and all
united in the praises of the charming simplicity
which distinguishes it. Anxious to have our beloved
friend always near us, your faithful pencil enables
us to realize that wish.
I take great pleasure in adding assurances of my
respectful consideration.
„ T H. CLAY.
opeaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. A. ScH.asFFER, Paris.
No objection being made, the preamble and
resolutions were received and ado pted.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that they
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
and a joint resolution of the following titles :
when the Speaker signed the same ;
An act (H. R. No. 2704) for the relief of S.
P. Jocelyn ;
An act (H. R. No. 3369) for the relief of
George S. Gustin, late a private of company
D seventy-fourth regiment Illinois infantry
volunteers; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 196) granting
medals to Captain Jared 8. Crandalland others.
government claims at harper's ferry.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, in relation to a bill to au-
thorize the Attorney General to adjust the
claims of the Government upon the purchasers
of property at Harper's Perry ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
posts on northern pacific railroad.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in relation to an
appropriation for the erection of two posts
along the Northern Pacific railroad ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
marine hospital service.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury in relation
to the present laws governing the marine hos-
pital service of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
nathan b. abbott.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War in relation to a bill
(H. R. No. 3041) for the relief of Nathan B.
Abbott, company H twentieth Connecticut
volunteers: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
honorably discharged soldiers.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting a peti-
tion of honorably discharged soldiers of the
regular Army to be placed on the same foot-
ing as soldiers who enlisted under the Presi-
dent's call in 1861; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
navajoe indians
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting a draft
of a bill granting authority to use the unex-
pended balance of appropriations made for
the subsistence of Navajoe Indians to meet
deficiencies in the appropriation for the present
fiscal year for the benefit of that tribe ; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations and ordered to be printed.
tea culture.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of State, inclosing dis-
patches from the legation at Yokohama and
the consul at Shanghai, in relation to the
growth, culture, and preparation of tea in
Japan and China; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
postal statistics.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Postmaster General in answer to a
resolution of the House of January 27, 1873,
in relation to the number of letters annually
transmitted since 1820, with the rates of post-
age each year, together with the annual re-
ceipts and expenditures of his Department;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
pay of mail contractors.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Postmaster General, transmitting, in
compliance with the act of June 8, 1872, a
report of all fines imposed upon, and deduc-
tions made from the pay of, contractors for
transporting the mails of the United States for
the year ending June 30, 1872, and for failure
to deliver the mails; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
army disbursements.
Mr. COBURN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No.
4005) to provide for the inspection of the dis-
bursements of appropriations made by officers
of the Army; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read. It makes it the duty of
the Secretary of War to cause frequent in-
quiries to be made as to the economy and
propriety of all disbursements made by dis-
bursing officers of the Army, and as to their
strict conformity to the law appropriating the
money ; also to ascertain whether the disburs-
ing officers of the Army comply with the law
in keeping their accounts and making their
deposits; such inquiries to be made by officers
of the inspection department of the Army, or
others detailed for that purpose. But no
officer so detailed is to be in any way con-
nected with the department or corps making
the disbursement. The reports of such in-
spections are to be made out and forwarded to
Congress with the annual report of the Secre-
tary of War.
Mr. COBURN. I only wish to say that the
effect of this bill is to provide that it shall be
the duty of the officers of the inspection de-
partment of the Army to see that there is an
economical care over the public property and
expenditures of all appropriations which are
not now expressly by law required to be done.
I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
additional bounty claims.
Mr. COBURN, from the same committee,
also reported back a bill (H. R. No. 3687) to
extend the time for filing claims for additional
bounty under the act of July 28,1866, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
time for filing claims for additional bounty,
under the act of July 28, 1866, and which ex
pired by limitation January 30, 1873, be re-
vived and extended until the 30th of January,
1874; and that all claims for such bounties
filed in the proper Department after the 30th
of January, 1873, and before the passage of
this act, shall be deemed to have been filed in
due time, and shall be considered and decided
without filing.
Mr. COBURN. The object of passing that,
is this: the time for filing these claims expires
on the 1st of February of this year, and this
simply extends the time for one year.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
army medical museum.
Mr. COBURN, from the same committee,
also reported back a bill (H. R. No. 3453) to
provide for the printing, at the Government
Printing Office, of one thousand copies of the
descriptive anatomical catalogue of the Armv
Medical Museum, with the reeomin en datum
that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, in the first section
directs the Secretary of War to have priuted,
