1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1505
board composed of three officers of the Army
to determine the fact that an officer is addicted
to the intemperate use aforesaid, which board
shall be authorized to act only after due notice
to be given by tbe Secretary of War to the
party complained of.
Mr. DODDS. Would it be proper at this
time to inquire what would have become of
our President, and some others of the promi-
nent officers of the Army, if such an act as this
had been enforced during our late war?
Mr. COB URN. I desire to say, in answer
to the gentleman, that this would not have
affected General Grant at all, he not being
addicted to such habits. This is a provision
regulating promotions in the Army; and I
would like to see any man vote against a prop-
osition to prevent the promotion of drunk-
ards.
Mr. HAY. I wish to say, in reply to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Coburn,] that
i voted against this bill in committee, as the
gentleman knows.
Mr. COBURN. I am not detailing what
occurred in the committee.
Mr. HAY. I understood the gentleman to
throw out a challenge, and to ask whether any
man dared vote against the bill. I voted
against it in committee, and shall do so in the
House,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike
out the word "intemperate," in line five, so
it will read, " hereafter no officer, non-com-
missioned officer, or private in the Army of
the Dnited States, who is addicted to intoxi-
cating liquors or drugs.shaH be promoted."
It might be construed that every one who
used intoxicating liquors is intemperate.
Mr. YOUNG. I move to lay the bill and
pending amendments on the table if I have the
floor for that purpose.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I move to amend
so as to include members of Congress, f Laugh-
ter. 3
Mr. COBURN. I demand the previous
question; and I wish to say that I did not yield
the floor for the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The question is first on
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. YOUNG. I move to lay the bill and
pending amendments on the table.
The House refused to lay the bill on the
table. , , ,
Mr. COBURN. I withdraw the demand
for the previous question for the purpose of
saying the only object of this bill is to prevent
tbe promotion of men of intemperate habits;
not men addicted to the ordinary use of in-
toxicating liquor, but men addicted to its
intemperate use. There are a few instances
of this kind. It is not to be denied that cer-
tain men in the Army, only a few men to be
sure, are drunkards. There is no rule of the
Army which reaches those men. The idea
that meu of that kind should be promoted is
outrageous. This does not make it a crime,
but prevents their promotion. There is an
Army regulation which makes drunkenness
on duty a crime. This does not apply to such
cases, but provides where an Army officer is
addicted to intemperate habits he shall not be
promoted. I now demand the previous ques-
t!°The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The question first recnrred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Farnsworth.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
30, noes 99.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, was
" accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on ttie
table. ,
The latter motion was agreed to.
-J'Jjj Coxu. 3d Sess.—No. 95.
lreusciinast john f. wot rise.
Mr. COBURN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 4009) for the
relief of Lieutenant John F. Wotring, a -resi-
dent of the State of Michigan ; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to Lieutenant
John F. Wotring thecompensation, allowances,
and emoluments of a first lieutenant in the cav-
alry volunteer service of the United States, for
the period of time between the 11th of March,
1864, and the 1st day of September. 1864.
Mr. COBURN demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lieutenant colonel frank lynch.
Mr. COBURN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 468) for tbe
relief of Lieutenant Colonel Frank Lynch;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Frank Lynch, late of the twenty-seventh regi-
ment of Ohio volunteer infantry, the difference
between the pay of a captain and a lieutenant
colonel from the 3d of November, 1864, to the
15th of May, 1865.
Mr. COBURN demanded the previous ques-
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and, under the
operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
military academy courts-martial.
Mr, STOUGHTON, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 4015) author-
izing the Superintendent of the Military Acad-
emy to convene general courts-martial; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Superintendent of the United States Military
Academy shall have power to convene general
courts-martial for the trial of cadets, and to
execute tbe sentences of such courts, except
the sentences of suspension and dismission.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I move, at the end
of the bill, to add the words "and of graver
0^6DS6S ''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YOUNG. I offer this amendment, to
come in after the words just adopted:
Provided, No officer shall be detailed for service
on said courts-martial, who is not on duty at the
Military Academy.
It this be adopted, it will save a good deal
0fMr.PSTOUGKTON. I have no objection
to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time j and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by whieh the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
military academy band.
, Mr. STOUGHTON also, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 4010)
to provide for the Military Academy band and
to fix the pay of its members, which was read
a first and second time.
The question was oh ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that the
Military Academy band shall consist of one
teacher of music, who shall be leader of the
band, and may be a civilian, and of thirty en-
listed musicians of the band. The seeond
section provides that the teacher of music
shall receive the pay and allowances of
second lieutenant of infantry. Ten of the
enlisted musicians of the band shall each be
paid thirty-four dollars per month, and the
remaining twenty of the enlisted musicians
shall each be paid thirty dollars per month,
and that the musicians of the band shall be
enlisted for five years and have the benefits as
to pay arising from reenlistments and length
of service applicable to other enlisted men of
the Army.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time 5 and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bounties.
Mr. STOUGHTON also, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 4011)
to amend an act entitled "An act in relation
to bounties," approved April 22, 1872; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that in all
cases where the soldier, if living, would be
entitled to bounty under the provisions of the
act to whieh this is amendatory, his widow, if
living, or, in case of her death, minor children,
or parents, in the order named, of said soldier,
shall be entitled to the same bounty as the
soldier ; and the said bounty shall be paid to
the widow, child, or children, on the like appli-
cation and proofs as are required by the pro-
visions of the act of Congress concerning addi-
tional bounties, approved July 28, 1866.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
.tulia p. lynde.
Mr. STOUGHTON also, from the same
committee, reported back with the recommend-
ation that it do pass the bill (H. R. No.
3981,) for the relief of Julia P. Lynde, minor
child of R. D. Lynde, late surgeon of United
States volunteers, deceased.
The bill was read. It authorizes the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to pay, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to the duly authorized guardian
of Julia P. Lynde, minor child of Surgeon R.
D. Lynde, United States volunteers, deceased,
the three months' pay and allowance for trans-
portation to whieh her father was entitled to at
the time of his death.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time ; and being engrossed it
was accordingly read the third tiuie, and
^M^STOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fort randall military reservation ■
Mr. STOUGHTON also, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 4012)
