1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
McHenry, McNeely, Mitchell, Moore, Morphia, Orr,
Perce. Perry. Peters. Poland. John Rogers. Roose-
velt. Rusk, Seeley. Shober, Slater, Worthington C.
Smith, Snapp, Snyder, St. John, Sypher, Taffe,
Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Vaughan, Voorhees,
Waldron, Walls, and \Vinohester—66.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
order t)f business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill goes over to the morn-
ing hour of Monday next.
judge edward h. durell.
Mr. KELLEY. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the following resolution
be adopted:
Resolred, That the Judiciary Committee be in-
structed to inquire into the conduct of Edward H.
Durcll. judge of the United States district court
for the district of Louisiana, and ascertain and re-
port whether, in the opinion of the committee, he
nas, for the purpose of overthrowing or controlling
the government of the State of Louisiana, usurped
jurisdiction not vested in the said district court by
the Constitution or laws of the United States, and
to report articles proposing the impeachment of the'
said Edward H. l)urell, if. in the judgment of the
committee, he has abused his judicial functions by
such usurpation of jurisdiction and unlawful inter-
ference with the constitutional privileges and rights
of the people of said State, and that the committee
have power to send for persons and papers.
The question was taken on Mr. Kelley's
resolution, and (two thirds voting in the affirm-
ative) the rules were suspended, and the reso-
lution was adopted.
repeal of test-oath.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the bill which I
send to the Clerk's desk, to repeal an act en-
titled "An act to prescribe an oath of office,
and for other purposes," be passed.
The bill was read. It proposes to repeal an act
entitled "An act to prescribe an oath of office,
and for other purposes," approved July 2,1862.
Mr. POTTER. That is the test-oath, is it
not ?
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Yes, sir; the
test-oath.
Mr. DICKEY. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 123, nays, 66, not voting 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Barnum.
Barry, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck, Bell,
Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Austin Blair, James 3. Blair,
Boarinan. Braxton, Roderick R.Butler, Caldwell,
Carroll, Cobb, Coghlan, Comingo,Conner,Cox, Crebs,
Critcher, Crossland, Davis, De Large, Dodds, Dox,
DuBose, Puke, Eldredge, Ely, Farnsworth, Fink-
elnburg, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Gar-
field, Garrett, Getz, Giddings, Golladay, Griffith,
Hambleton, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Harper,
George E. Harris. John T. Harris. Hay, Hays, Here-
ford, Herndon. Hibbard. Holman, Kendall, Kerr,
Kiug, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Lynch, M:.clntyre,
Manson, Marshall, Maynard. McClelland, McCor-
uiick, McKee, McKinney, Merrick, Benjamin F.
Meyers. Moore, Morey, Morgan, Negley, Niblack,
Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C.Parker, Perce. Perry, Pe-
ters. Poland. Potter. Price, Randall, Read, Edward
Y. Kice, John M.Rice. Ritchie,Robinson, John Rog-
ers. Sion H. Rogers. Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks. Shel-
don, Sherwood, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, John A.Smith,
Speer, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton, Suth-
erland. Swann, Terry, Tuthill, Van Trump, Wad-
dell, Wallace, Warren, Wells, Whiteley, Whit-
thorne, Willard, Wood, and Young—123.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Barber, Beatty, Buck-
ley, Buffinton, Burcbard, Burdett, Benjamin F.
Butler, Coburn, Conger, Cotton, Dawes, Donnan,
Duell, Dunnell, Karnes, Esty, Charles Foster, Frye,
Hale, Harmer, Havens, John B. Hawley, Joseph R.
Hawley, Gerry W. Hazeltan, John W. Hazelton,
Hill, Hoar, Houghton, Kelley, Ketcham, Killin-
ger, Lamport, Lowe, McGrew, Merriam, Mon-
roe. Leonard Myers, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer,
Peck, Pendleton, Porter, Rainey, Ellis H.Roberts,
Rusk, Scofield, Sessions, Shellabarger, Shoe-
maker, H.Boardman Smith. Sprague, Starkweather,
Stowell, Washington Townsend, Turner, Twichell,
Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wil-
liamsof Indiana, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—-66.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Averill,
Banks, Bigby, Boles, Bright, Brooks, Bunnell, j
Campbell, Clarke, Creely, Crocker, Darrall, Dickey,
Elliott, Farwcll, Forker, Goodrich, Haldeman, Hal-
gey, Hooper, Kellogg, Kinsella, Lansing, McCrary,
McHenry, McJunkin, McNeely, Mitchell, Morphis, j
Piatt. Prindle, William R. Roberts Roosevelt, Seeley, 1
Shober, Worthintgon C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, St. ,
John, Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, j
Vaughan, Voorhees, Walls, Wheeler, Williams of
New York, John T. Wilson, and Winchester—52.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
louisiana.
Mr. SHELDON moved that the rules be
suspended in order to pass the following reso-
lution :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the
Senate concurring therein.) That a joint speoial
committee, consisting of three Senators and six
Representatives, be appointed, whose duty it shall
be to inquire into the election for State officers and
members of the Legislature held in the State of
Louisiana on the 4th day of November, A. D. 1872,
and report the result of their investigation to the
two Houses of Congress at the earliest practicable
moment; that said committee is hereby especially
charged to inquire whether, as a result of said elec-
tion, there is any legal and established government
in said State, and if there be two sets of persons or
organizations, each claiming to be the government
of said State, which should be recognized by Con-
gress ; that said committee be authorized to employ
a clerk and stenographer, to send for persons and
papers, to administer oaths, and take testimony,
and to hold sessions by sub-committees in the city
of Washington, or in the State of Louisiana, at their
discretion; the expenses of said committee to be
paid out of the contingent fund of the House.
The question was taken ; and upon adivision,
there were—ayes 79, noes 55, two thirds not
voting in the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SHELDON called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to suggest
to the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Sheldon]
a modification of his resolution, that instead
of saying " if there be two sets of persons or
organizations, each claiming to be the govern-
ment of said State, which should be recognized
by Congress," he frame his resolution so as
to direct the committee to report which is the
legitimate and legal State organization, l'liat
will be about the same thing.
Mr. SHELDON. I ask unanimous consent
to make a short statement.
Mr. KILLLNGER. 1 inject to debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it in order to so
suspend the rules that the gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Sheldon] can make a short
statement to the House ?
The SPEAKER. Pending a motion to
suspend the rules for any purpose, no other
motion to suspend the rules is in order except
it be in relation to something connected with
the subject-matter of the pending motion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I move that
the rules be so suspended as to allow the gen-
tleman from Louisiana to make a statement
for fifteen minutes.
Mr. STEVENSON. There should be al-
lowed statements from other gentlemen.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, I will modify
my motion so as to suspend the rules and
allow a debate upon this resolution for one
hour.
Mr. STEVENSON. Under the five-minutes
rule.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No; in speeches of
not more than ten minutes each.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Farnsworth ; and (two thirds voting in
favor thereof) the rules were suspended.
The SPEAKER. The rules having been
suspended so as to allow debate upon this
resolution for one hour the gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Sheldon] is entitled to the
floor for ten minutes.
Mr. SHELDON. Mr. Speaker, I suppose
by this hour two Governors have been inaugu-
rated in Louisiana. For one week past there
has been in session there two senates and two
houses of representatives, each claiming to be
a part of the legal Legislature of that State.
The house of representatives should by law be
constituted of one hundred and seven mem-
bers, but we have now in the two houses there
one hundred and forty members, each body
claiming a quorum; and at the same time
there are forty-five senators in the two bodies,
while under the constitution of the State there
cau be but thirty-six senators. Thus it will
be seen that we really have in fact or in
appearance two State governments as the
result of the election held on the 4th day
of November last.
This resolution simply looks to an inquiry
into the facts of that election, to ascertain
which of these organizations claiming to be
the State government shall be recognized by
the Congress of the United States. The Su-
preme Court in the case of Luther vs. Borden
decided pointedly (and the opinion was given
by Chief Justice Taney) that what constitutes
a State government is a political question to
be decided by Congress, under the Constitu-
tion of the United States. All that the reso-
lution seeks is to determine that question.
The resolution is not offered in the interest
of any party or set of men. The design is
simply to have Congress inquire into the facts,
that it may determine which is the State gov-
ernment with which the Government of the
United States shall hold practical relations.
That is the whole question. I submit that it
is perfectly proper for Congress to say which
is, in any State, the State government with
which it will hold relations; for it must have
many relations with the government of a
State. I want gentlemen to understand that
I feel embarrassed as much as any man can at
the condition of things in that State. I think
this investigation is due to the President of the
Uuited States, who, in my judgment, has
been unjustly attacked. I think it is due to
Judge Durell, who has been charged with
making an extraordinary order. I think it is
due to the Republicans of that State, and
more especially I think it is due to the people
of that State; for if there have been frauds
and corruptions there, the mass of the people
of both parties are entirely innocent of any
connection with them.
We want this question settled at once; we
want this cloud removed from our State ; we
want the present collision brought to an end;
we want peace and quiet restored in the interest
of the whole people; and I ask this Congress
to investigate the facts that it may determine
whom the people did choose to constitute the
State government. It seems to me this is a
decision which we have a right to demand
from Congress in behalf of the people of that
Stafe. This is all I desire to say.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman a question. He states that it is due
to Judge Durell that this investigation should
be made. Now, I understand Judge Durell
not to be a judge of the United States court,
not to claim to exercise authority under the
United States. If the newspapers are correct,
he used the other day in his court this lan-
guage : " I am the vicegerent of Almighty
God, sitting here to dispense justice; and as
His agent, 1 intend to see justice done." Now,
he is not a United States judge at all; he has
abjured that office, if he ever held it; .and the
question is, whether anything is due to him ?
Mr. SHELDON. He is a judge of the
United States nevertheless. Whether he has
done right or wrong, I do not say. I pass no
opinion here upon his actions. If he is right,
let him be vindicated ; if he is wrong, let him
abide the consequences. I appear here in no
party spirit whatever ; for this is not a mere
party question. As I understand, both par-
ties desire this procedure on our part.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I have given some attention to this
matter of the troubles in the State of Louis-
iana as a part of my official duty as a mem-
ber <jf the Committee on the Judiciary, and I
desire that the House will bear with me for a
moment while I state the reasons why I shall
oppose this resolution for investigation, while
I think it is the duty of Congress to do that
which in it lies under the Constitution to arrest
the existing state of things in Louisiana.
