1506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
for the relief of certain settlers on the Fort
RandaH military reservation; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of War to transfer to the custody of the
Department of the Interior such portions of
the military reservation of Fort Randall,
Dakota, as were actually occupied by settlers
prior to the promulgation of the order of the
President of June 14, 1860, setting apart the
reservation for military purposes ; and also
such portions of the said reservation as were
released from military occupation and control
between the years 1867 and 1870, and were
daring that time settled upon in good
faith, and in. the belief that lands were open
to settlement. In its second section the bill
authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to
confirm, in accordance with existing laws,
titles of such settlers upon the military reser-
vation of Fort Randall as may be reported for
that purpose by the War Department, and to
cause patents to be issued for such lands as
the aforesaid settlers may be entitled to under
existing laws and the provisions of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS Of NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Mr. STOUGHTON also, from the same
committee, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (S. No.
978) for adjusting the claims of the State
of New Hampshire.
The bill was read. It is a direction to the
proper officers of the Treasury to adjust and
pay any just claims made by the State of New
Hampshire, or of the towns and cities of that
State, upon assignments taken for bounty
money advanced to volunteers by the towns
and cities of the State, in accordance with an
agreement made with the Governor of the
State of New Hampshire by the provost
marshal general of the United States, acting
under the direction and authority of the Secre-
tary of War, but no payment is to be made in
any case of desertion.
Mr. HOLMAN. -If there is a report in this
case I hope it will be read.
Mr. STOUGHTON. An elaborate report
coming over from the Senate with the bill, the
statements in which have been verified by our
committee, sets forth the facts of the case. I
may be able to put the House in possession
of those facts more readily by a brief state-
ment than by reading the report itself.
In 1868, at the time of the draft, the New
Hampshire people were desirous of filling
their quota. For that purpose it was pro-
posed that the towns and municipalities should
advance the soldier a bounty, and receive
the bounty back from the Government. An
arragement of that kind was made with the
Secretary of War, and was carried out in good
faith by^ the towns and the cities of New
Hampshire. Lists were furnished of the men
to the Department. But through some in-
advertency on the part of the Government
some payments were made to men which ought
to have been held back to be paid over to the
towns- This bill provides that a settlement
shall be made and the money advanced repaid.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to ask the gentle-
man trom Michigan a question. Will not the
result of this be that the Government will be
paying twice those bouuties?
Mr. STOUGHTON. The fact that the Gov-
ernment has paid once to a wrong person does
not justify it in refusing to pay the right per-
son. The Government had undertaken and
agreed to hold that money and pay it to the
State. Instead of that they allowed their offi-
cers to go on and pay it to the wrong men.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish the House to under-
stand what is the point here involved. We
have had it before the Committee of Claims.
The Government entered into an arrangement
with New Hampshire that the State should
pay the soldiers the bounty in advance, and
the bounty should ultimately be paid to the
State. The Government unavoidably paid
many of the soldiers their bounty again in the
field ; so that by the enactment of this bill the
Government is required to pay this bounty a
second time; and a further objection is that it
is a discrimination in favor of the State of
New Hampshire not extended to any other
State of the Union.
Mr. HIBBARD rose.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I send to the desk to
be read a letter from the Secretary of War.
The Clerk read as follows:
War Department,
Washington City, January 16,1864.
The agreement announced in telegram from pro-
vost marsball general, dated November 5, to the
effect that if the State of New Hampshire or the
towns should pay the bounties offered by the United
States, and take an assignment from the recruit,
that the (government would pay these bounties to
the State or towns instead of to the men, will be
carried out in good faith, and General Hinks will
receive orders accordingly. Experience has devel-
oped difficulties in this connection which were not
foreseen by the Department, and the arrangement
will terminate on the 15th of February next.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Official: H. R. RATHBONE,
Brevet Colonel United States Army,
in charge Enrollment Branch.
Governor J. A. Gilmoke,
Concord, New Hampshire.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I yield three minutes
to the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
HlBBAItD.]
Mr. HIBBARD. I was about to allude to
the very point that is referred to in the letter :
that as soon as the Government saw the diffi-
culty which they would encounter by carrying
out their own agreement they gave notice that
henceforth they should revoke it; but they
gave notice also that so far as agreements had
already been entered into they would be scru-
pulously carried out. They had made some
estimates, they saw the difficulty, revoked the
agreement for the future, but gave notice that
they would carry it out as far as it had gone.
And this is all that this bill asks. It provides
simply for submitting the arrangement of this
matter to the accounting officers of the Treasury.
Mr. POTTER. I understand that the State
of New Hampshire advanced the bounties to
the soldiers of New Hampshire ?
Mr. HIBBARD. That is so.
Mr. POTTER. And that the Government
agreed to repay the State?
Mr. HIBBARD. That, also, is so. The
Government agreed to pay the installments to
the State as they should fall due.
Mr. PO ITER. And subsequently the Gov-
ernment repaid the bounties to the soldiers
themselves, but without any fault on the part
of the State of New Hampshire?
Mr. HIBBARD. That is so.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
the same
No. 4013)
which was
L. S CAMPBELL.
Mr. STOUGHTON also, from
committee, reported a bill (H, R.
for the relief of L. S. Campbell;
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to L. S. Campbell
the sum of $224 75, for carpenter's tools de-
stroyed by military, authority under special
order No. 82, headquarters eastern division
Indian expeditions, September 9, 1864.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and
read the third time; and being engrossed it
was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARGARET MEKKLEIN.
Mr. STOUGHTON also, from the same
committee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 4014)
for the relief of Margaret Merklein; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to Margaret
Merklein the sum of $600 for payment of
losses of property incurred by the said Mar-
garet Merklein at the hands of the public
enemy during the war of the rebellion, and
for services of said Margaret Merklein to the
Government of the United States in saving
stores of the United States Army from de-
struction by the public enemy, and attending
on sick and wounded soldiers of the United
States Army.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN CHARLES M'CLURE.
Mr. STOUGHTON also, from the same
committee, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No.
3783) for the relief of Captain Charles Mc-
Clure.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs that the
proper accounting officers in settling and ad-
justing the accounts of Charles McCIure,
captain and commissary of subsistence. United
States Army, to credit said McCIure with the
sum of $844 63, on account of loss of that
amount in 1869 and 1870, by the embezzle-
ment of a clerk in his employ, the amount
being lost without neglect or fault of said
McCIure.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope there is some re-
port in this case.
Mr. STOUGHTON. The facts are fully
stated in the petition which I send to the
Clerk's desk and ask to have read.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and House of Represent-
atives in Congress assembled :
Your petitioner, the undersigned, begs leave most
respectfully to represent:
That he was stationed at Santa F6, New Mexico,
from November 8,1866, to May 5,1870, as chief com-
missary of subsistence of that military district; that
during that period ije disbursed large sums of money
tor the United States, amounting in round numbers
to about $2,000,000. That he was charged with sup-
plying fourteen military posts, feeding over eight
thousand Navajo Indians and twelve hundred Ute
and Apache Indians, and was disburser of the In-
dian fund of $200,000 for moving the Navajo Indians
trom i! ort Sumner back to their own country, and
Arming implements, &c., and with
MAoOOfor building agency buildings, school-house,
chapel, &c., this in a country without railroads (.r
telegraphs to facilitate business, and wh<*re wagon
transportation had to be resorted to. Thathisduties
were arduous and required the employment of
clerks, and that he employed the very brst he could
find in the country, and that ho was obliged to trust.
Ins chief clerk, A 0. Barta, with the handling of
money, and that this man who had been in his em-
ploy tor several years eventually betrayed histrn*t,
and embezzled at various times sums of subsistence
funds amounting to $4,310 25, for which the United
States held him responsible. That these moneys
wereembpzzleu withoulyour petitioner's knowledge
or consent, and it was beyond his i>ower to prevent.
