1508
1MB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
meat, it appeared that her son, on account of
whose death she .claimed a pension, stood
upon the record as having died of delirium
tremens. Immediately the parties set to work
to correct the record, but it was not corrected
until after the five years had expired; and the
decision of the Secretary of the Interior was
that the correction of the record after that
period by parol evidence would not revive the
case.
In order to meet all such cases, this House
passed a short time since a bill removing this
bar by reason of the expiration of five years,
and giving to all persons suffering under this
peculiar disability an opportunity to file at the
Pension Bureau parol evidence, to be sent to
the War Department to correct any error in
the record there. That bill, which has passed
both Houses and will doubtless become a law,
affords all the relief that is required in this
cla§8 of cases. We have gone to the extent
of the power of Congress in legislating in be-
half of these persons who have heretofore been
barred by law.
, Mr. STOUGHTON. The act to which the
gentleman refers as having been passed by
batk Houses, does not toach the point which
I wish to get at—the ruling No. 76, under
which the cases of greatest hardship occurs.
I now - yield three minutes to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania) [Mr. Speer. j
Mr, SPBER. Mr. Speaker, about two weeks
ago I introduced a bill almost identical in its
provisions with the one now reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs. Thatbill,
which was properly referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, was reported by me from
that committee a week or so ago, was promptly
passed by the House, and is now in the Senate.
It struck at one of the most enormous acts of '
injustice that this Government or any other has
ever committed against its brave defenders.
Under the law as it now stands, if a man
from some cause, tio rhatter'what, has been
unable for fiye years after making application
to establish his right to a pension, though he
may now be able to show by the clearest and
most satisfactory evidence that a pension ought
to be granted, though he may have lost both
legs or both arms, if by some fault or error in
the record of the War Department his disabil-
ities do not there appear and the five years
have expired, no proof, however strong or con-
vincing, can weigh a feather at the Pension
Bureau.
I must say, Mr. Speaker, in vindication of
the truth, in my judgment, no Department of
this Government has been run with so much
dissatisfaction to the people as the pension
department. These applications for pensions
are examined and disposed of by clerks, many
of whom are appointed without the least
respect to their qualifications. Some of them
are political bummers and local politicians,
who have found, on the recommendations of
Congressmen, a safe lodging place in the Pen-
sion Bureau here, and all over the country
applications of the most worthy soldiers have
been rejected through the ignorance, or the
mistake, or the neglect of these clerks, and
under the law as it stands to-day there is
absolutely no remedy. I know of my per-
sonal knowledge of one case where the appli-
cant was informed in writing that his pension
would be granted, and after waiting some
months and inquiring again, he wag written to
by another clerk in the office that his claim
was suspended.
These clerks are not lawyers; they are not
accustomed to weighing evidence or examin-
ing it, or balancing probabilities in a case.
They seem to act on the presumption that
every applicant for a pension is endeavoring
to cheat the Government and get what he is
not entitled to, and acting on that presump-
tion they naturally come to the conclusion that
applications for pensions should be refused. I
say this Congress owes it to itself, owes it to
the cause of justice, owes it to the number of
maimed soldiers living and the widows and
children of the dead all over the land to re-
move from the statute-book the unjust pro-
vision in the sixth section of the law of 1864.
My bill has passed the House and is in the
Senate, and I wish my voice was loud enough
and strong enough to reach the Senate Cham-
ber and compel the Senate to do this simple
act of justice to the defenders of the country.
I trust this bill will pass the House, not
because I can hope for itssuccessintheSenate,
bnt because it is a renewed expression of the
desire of the Representatives of the people for
justice to the soldiers of the land ; that the ear
of the Senate may be reached, that the ear of
the Pension Commissioner may be reached
and that the ear of the War Department may
be reached ; that our soldiers, their widows
and orphans, however lowly and humble, may
feel they have friends here; and that their
cause shall not go undefended.
Before I close, I ask unanimous consent
of the House that this bill may be attached as
an amendment to the appropriation bill, pend-
ing in the Commitee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, for in this way we may be able
to pass it in the Senate.
Mr. MOORE. I object.
Mr. SPEER. Is there objection to making
it part of the appropriation bill? I should
like to know who objects to it.
Mr. STORM The gentleman from Illinois,
the chairman of the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, oWects to it.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope we will settle
the question now whether we are to have an
evening session to-night or not. I move that
the House take a recess from half past four till
half past seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. HALE, I object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I make that motion.
Mr. STEVENSON. What will be the order
of business thiseyening?
Mr. MAYNARD. It will be the same
business, that of reports from the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the gentleman
will include in his motion that the session this
evening will be to receive reports from the
Committee on Military Affairs, and for no
other purpose.
Mr. MAYNARD. The Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs have the floor for this whole day.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does this motion cut off
all other business ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Wheeler
in the chair.) It is in order to move to take
a recess now until half past seven o'clock this
evening; but the motion that the House at
half past four take a recess till half past seven
o'clock requires unanimous consent.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I make the motion
that we take a recess now till half past seven
o'clock this evening.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I hope we will not
have a night session, as bills of all kinds pass
in these night sessions.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
98, noes SO.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the yeas and
nays to see how many who vote for having an
evening session will be present this evening.
The question was taken; and thirty-five voted
in the affirmative—more than one fifth of
those present.
The~SPEAKER pro tempore. So the yeas
and nays are ordered.
Mr. PARNS WORTH. I move the House
do now adjourn.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
46, noes 80.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the ayes
and noes on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it resulted in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 115, not voting
71; as follows:
i YE A S—Mftssrs. Adams, Archer, Barnum, Jamas
B. Beck, Biggs, Boles, Buffinton, Bunnell. Cox,
Crossland. Darrall, Dawes, Dickey, Dox, Farnsworth,
Henry D. Foster, Garfield, Golladay, Hale, Handley,
Harmer, Herndon, Holman. Houghton, Ketcham,
McHenry, McKinney, Mitchell. Monroe, Moore,
Negley, Packer, Hosea W. Parker, Pendleton, Ran-
dall.Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M.Rice, William
R. Roberts, Scolield, Shober, Shoemaker, John A.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Speer, Storm. Wash-
ington Townsend, Turner, Tyner, Wells, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Whitthorne, and Young—54.
NAYS —Messrs. Arthur Banks. Barber, Barry,
Beatty, Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright,
Burchard. Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell,
Carroll, Cobb, Coburu, Comingo, Conger, Crebs,
Criteher, Davis, Dodds, Donnan, DuBose, Daell,
Dunnell. Eames, Elliott, Ely, Farwell. Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garrett,
Getz, Giddings, Griffith, Haldeman, Halsey, Hanks,
Harper. George E. Harris, Havens, John B.Hawley,
Joseph R. Hawley, Hay. Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton,
John W. Hazelton, Hereford, Hibbard, Hill, Hoop-
er, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall, Kerr, Lamport,
Lansing. Lowe, Maclnt.yre, Manson, Marshall, May-
nard, McGrew, McJunkin. Merriam, Merrick, Ben-
jamin F. Meyers. Morey, Morgan, Leonard Myers,
Silas L. Niblack, William E. Niblaek, Orr.Packard,
Isaac C. Parker, Perrv, Piatt. Porter. Price, R&iney,
Ellis II. Roberts, John Rogers, Sioq H. Rogers,
Roosevelt. Sargent, Sawyer. Sessions, Shanks, Shel-
don, Sherwood, Slater, Sloeum, Snyder. Sprague,
Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson, Stoughton,
Stowell, St. John, Sypher, Terry, Thomas. Tuthill,
Twichell, Upson, Yaughan, Wakeman, Waidron,
Willard, Williams of Indiana, and John T. Wil-
son—115.
HOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Ames,
Averill. ErasmusW. Beck, Bell, Bigby, Bingham,
Austin Blair, Boarman. Brooks, Bucklev, Benjamin
F.Butler, Campbell, Clarke. Coghlan, Conner. Cot-
ton, Creely. Crocker, Duke, Eldredgre. Esty, Forker,
Goodrich. Hambleton, Hancock, John T. Harris,
Hoar, Killinger. King, Kinsella. Lamison. Leach,
Lewis, Lyneh, McClelland, MeCormiek, McCrary,
McKee, McNeely, Morphis, Palmer, Peck, Perce,
Peters, Poland, Potter. Prindle, Ritchie,Robinson,
Rusk, Seeley, Shellabarger, Sloss, H. Boardman
Smith, Snapp, Sutherland, Swann, Tatfa, Dwight
Townsend, van Trump, Voorhees, Waddell, Wal-
den, Wallace, Warren, Williams of New York, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—71.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion of
Mr. Mayxard, that the Honse take a recess
until half past seven o'clock ; and being put,
the said motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
the House took a recess until half past seven
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
At half past seven o'clock p. in. the House
resumed its session.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Before we pro-
ceed to business I ask that the Journal of to-
day's proceedings be read, with a view of offer-
ing a resolution in reference to the conduct of
the Presiding Officer, Hon. Mr. Wheeler, of
New York.
Mr. DICKEY. The Journal has not yet
been prepared.
Mr. RANDALL. It is made out, and I have
seen it.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. Was not this ses-
sion especially assigned to business of the
Military Comniittee?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I do not like to
go on in the absence of the gentleman of
whose conduct I complain ; and I will there-
fore move that the House do now adjourn.
settlers on fort randall reservation
Mr. STOUGHTON. There was a bill re-
ported and passed this morning for the relief
of settlers on the reservation at Fort Randall ;
11 reported the bill myself. There is some
difference among members of the Committee
on Military Affairs in relation to that bill. I
ask, therefore, unanimous consent that the
vote by \yhich the bill was passed be recon-
sidered, and that the bill be recommitted to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I object to any
business being done until there is a quorum
present, and my resolution can be disposed of.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky to withdraw his objec-
tion and allow this thing to be done, as it was
an error of mine.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I trust the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Brok] is not so
