208
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27,
Senate.
Louisiana—Mr. Carpenter.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
assembling, was addressed by Mr. West and
Mr. Conkling. After which 
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I con-
cur entirely with the Senator from New York
[Mr. Conkling] in the opinion he haa ex-
pressed in regard to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Hill.]
It rests upon no foundation and is supported
by tto theory. It goes too far for the idea that
we cannot interfere with a State election, it
falls far short of what we ought to do, if we
have power to do anything. Besides, the inter-
ference proposed by that amendment is the
most objectionable and most dangerous of any-
thing that has been suggested. It would be
far better if we are to accomplish results, far
more deferential to State rights and soothing
to State pride to order a reelection, refer the
whole subject to the people again, and let
them decide it, than to determine by a statute
who had been elected, or in other words name
the persons to exercise the powers of legisla-
tion for that State for four years to come.
But, Mr. President, I rose to consider for a
moment the field over which the Senator from
New York cast his vision, and to examine the
gorgeous picture he drew of the exercise by
the people of their inherent power to settle
this matter for themselves. The Senator, with
that modesty which never forsakes him, has
refrained from offering any direct advice as
to the coarse proper to be taken in the case
now before us. He said he could imagine a
case, indeed that he had seen an instance in
his own State of the people setting up a new
government for themselves, totally ignoring
the then existing government. He said he
could imagine a case of pestilence sweeping
over a State and thus interrupting the govern-
ment ; but he said even then, below this, was
the power of the people to rise up in their
sovereign capacity and establish a new gov-
ernment. This is all very likely and all very
well. I can well understand how such a thing
might be; I can imagine how a great people
in a condition of profound peace, bereft of
government by such an interposition of Provi-
dence, and still under the chastening influence
of such a calamity, might deliberately and
safely enter upon the great task of establish-
ing another government, and with what pru-
dence and forbearance they might proceed in
so doing.
The Bketch of such a proceeding given us
by the Senator was very striking ; but, judged
by the canons of practical art, it had one great
fault, that is, it had no resemblance to the
case before us. The inference from it was
that we should leave the people of Louisiana
to do the same thing. This makes it neces-
sary to recall the actual situation of that State.
Louisiana is not in a very peaceful condition ;
her people have not been softened and chas-
tened by trials and sorrows laid upon them by
a merciful God; but they are chafed and in-
furiated by the maladminstration, the frauds
and villainies of men. They are not without
a government; on the contrary, they are
cursed with two governments, each struggling
for the mastery and threatening that State
with civil war.
Will it be contended, can it be maintained
that uudersuch circumstances we ought to fold
our arms, give that people up to anarchy and
bloodshed, because the people have a right to
establish a government for themselves ? Shall
we leave these contending governments, neither
of them being a government elected by the
fairly expressed voice of the people, both
founded upon fraud and usurpation, to fight it
out, to destroy business, to interrupt the pros-
perity of the State, and drench it with blood,
because the people have a right to chose a gov-
ernment for themselves? The people possessed
that right in November last, but were not per-
mitted to exercise it. And any attempt in the
present condition of affairs to set up another
government over or between the two now ex-
isting would not be likely to prosper. I con-
fess I am alarmed at the disposition which
maniTests itselfin certain quarters to leave that
State to itself, or rather to leave it to anarchy
and war, which now threaten it.
Suppose you determine to do this : determ-
ine to let the sword settle the strife which you
could still, and shed the blood you might stay
with a breath of legal enactment, how long
will the struggle continue? What will be its
results upon the prosperity of that State? Will
it reflect honor upon free institutions? You
have no right to forget what has been witnessed
in that State; no right to forget the heaps of
murdered colored men once piled up around
that State-house; no right to make it even
possible, much less certain, that such scenes
shall again disgrace this country.
But again, while this struggle should be
pending, while your citizens should be shooting
each other, and anarchy rioting in that State,
there would rest upon you all the while, every
hour, the obligation imposed by the Constitu-
tion to guarantee to that State a government.
You propose to leave them without any gov-
ernmentrepublicanin character, that is, elected
by the people, but afflicted and torn by two
governments, each contending for supremacy,
both founded in fraud and usurpation. One
resting upon fraud committed in and through
the forms of law, the other upon frauds com-
mitted without the pretext of authority, usurp-
ation accomplished by a judge of your court,
and now sustained by the bayonets of the
United States.
Mr. President, we cannot evade the per-
formance of our duty toward thi£ State. The
matter is not of our seeking. It has been
thrust upon us. One seat in this body for that
State is vacant. Two men are claiming the
seat. Each was elected by a Legislature and
certified by a Governor. We must say which,
if either, is entitled to the seat. This compels
us to say whether the Legislature that elected
Ray and the Governor who certifies his elec-
tion, or the Legislature which elected Mc-
Millen and the Governor who certifies him,
constitute the government of that State. On
inquiry we find neither is a valid govern-
ment. Ascertaining that, then, the Constitu-
tion speaks: "The United States shall guar-
anty to each State in thia Union a republican
form of government." And that duty we
ought at once to perform. Of course the
extent of our interference should be limited to
the necessities of the case. The constitu-
tional day for the general election has passed,
and there has been no effectual election. The
remedy for such a case is a new election.
How is this to be ordered? There is no State
Legislature to order it. Congress is the only
body having constitutional power to do so,
and the power creates the duty in a case like
this.
Mr. President, this whole matter is reduced
in my judgment to this alternative: if we lack
the courage to deal with the subject and to
correct all the wrongs that exist and all the
evils out of which the present condition of
things has arisen, then we must fall back upo™.
the next best thing and recognize the McEnery
government, a government which, in my hum-
ble belief, does not represent, but does mis-
represent, the popular sentiment of that
people.
Some criticism has been passed, and more
will be, on the testimony taken upon that point:
and here let me say that, the object of testi-
mony is to establish truth, but the difference
between the proceedings of the legislative and
judicial departments of the Government is
very manifest. I have here in my desk, and
if I was not so blind and this light so poor I
would read a page from Sir George Cornwall
Lewis's reasonings and methods in politics,
in which he points out so clearly the distinc-
tion between the methods of observation or
the means of collecting proof by a legislative
and a judicial body. Your legislative body
must act upon generalities; it must gain its
information from the public press, from com-
mon report, from men coming from the local-
ity, because that is the only testimony you ever
can have. If you were to proceed as a judi-
cial court does, call witnesses to your bar, ad-
minister oaths, and put to them only questions
like a judicial tribunal, while you were estab-
lishing that the state 1>f facts was thus and so,
the facts would totally change, you never
would overtake them, nor ascertain your duty;
but when a judicial tribunal sits to judge of a
transaction in the past, comes to determine
rights between A and B on a state of things
existing at some past time, with leisure and with
opportunity and power to bring and examine
witnesses, they can take the testimony accord-
ing to the rules of judicial evidence, discard
hearsay, and obtain absolute knowledge. No-
body is required to do what is impossible to be
done. It is because a legislative body cannot
proceed thus and because a judicial tribunal
can, that one does and the other doe's not at-
tempt to act upon direct proof founded upon
actual personal knowledge of the witness.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask my friend
a question. He alluded a moment ago to a
duty which was upon us to judge between these
Senators. 1 inquire of him whether the re-
marks that he is now making are applied by
him to our duty of judging of the election,
qualification, and returns of our members, or
whether he applies them merely to the mode
of observation, quoting the author to whom he
has referred, which maybe adopted in politics
for purposes of legislation. And if he will par-
don me at the same time for making the remak
in explanation of my question, I say this: if
his remark is applicable to a legislative body
engaged in the process of legislation, I agree
with him; if his remark is made in relation to
the functions of this body when judging—that
is the word—of the election, qualification, and
returns of its members, I differ with him, be-
cause I humbly conceive that if we are to judge
judicially, then the methods and the modes
are the same, no matter what the tribunal may
be. I say this also in part in answer to a re-
mark that fell to-day from the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurman;] I say that,
no matter what the tribunal maybe, the Senate
or a court, when we are to judge either of the
existence of a State government for a judicial
purpose, or of the election, qualification, and
returns of our members, the office is the same,
the process is the same, the tests are the
same, as if, not to this tribunal, but to some
other, had been committed that same duty of
judging.
Mr. CARPENTER. The honorable gen-
tleman has stated the principle which I stated
just as I stated it. He has stated it more
clearly and more elegantly,, but still substan-
tially the same; we do not differ a particle.
Unquestionably in the performance of every
legislative act we may collect our information
by the legislative process ; but in so far as w#
are acting judicially we must confine ourselves
to the judicial method of taking testimony.
Now, when we come to judge of the election
of our Senators, the question remains whether
that is a legislative or a judicial function. In
most cases it is purely judicial. If, for in-
stance, it is conceded that there is a'State gov-
ernment, as in the case we discussed at the
last session from North Carolina, and the
question is purely one of law who is entitled
to the seat in consequence of what has taken
place in that Legislature, there the question is
purely a judicial question, and we ought to be
circumscribed by the rules of judicial testl-
