1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
545
those violent rascals down there should cut
each others' throats.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. I disagree with the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson,] and I am sorry to
disagree also with the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr,] as to the propriety of passing this
resolution, appointing an investigation. Both
these gentlemen agree in one point, that
Louisiana should take care of herself, and
that the President and Congress and Federal
authority should mind their own business.
But, Mr. Speaker, I submit that we are not
in that condition in which Louisana can take
care of herself. Louisiana is throttled to-day
by the executive power, judicial and execu-
tive. We are not asked to adopt any conclu-
sions here to-day as to the relation of the State
government of Louisiana with the Federal
Government. That may very properly come
in when they ascertain the facts. I want the
facts to come out. I want no ex parte state-
ment by the Executive in his report upon that
resolution. I want to know both sides of this
question, so that we may determine hereafter
what is the proper course to pursue. And I
do not want this Congress to adjourn and cast
the whole responsibility upon the President,
for he has already declared a finality, while
Congress has been left by him to be the arbi-
ter, and if we fail in that, we know what is
the conclusion of the President.
I am not so very clear as to the power of
Congress to interfere in this matter, but there
is one thing I do know, that Congress has
brought about this condition of things. This
government in Louisiana is the creature in one
sense of Congress. And it may be when the
facta are developed that Congress will find it
its interest and its duty to retrace some of its
steps in reconstruction. But so far as the
decision referred to by my friend from Louis-
iana [Mr. Sheldon] in the Luther vs. Borden
case (7 Howard) is concerned, it seems to me
at least to give color of right to Congress to
investigate what is the government now act-
ually subsisting in Louisiana. Judge Taney,
in that case, referring to the fourth section of
the fourth article of the Constitution, which
provides for all the States the guarantee of a
republican form of government, says this:
" The fourth section of the fourth article of the
Constitution of the United States provides that the
United States shall guaranty to every State in the
Union a republican form of Government, and shall
protect each of them against invasion, and, on the
application of the Legislature or of the Executive,
(when the Legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violence.
" Under this article of the Constitution it rests with
Con press to decide what government is the estab-
lished one in a State. For, as the United States
guaranty to each State a republican government,
Congress must necessarily decide what government
is established in the State before it can determine
whether it is republican or not. And when the Sen-
ators and Representatives of a State are admitted
into the councils of the Union, the authority of tbe
government under which they are appointed, as
well as its republican character, is recognized by
the proper constitutional authority; and its decision
is binding on every other department of the Govern-
ment, and could not be questioned in a judicial
tribunal."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will not maintain that
power is given under that decision for Con-
gress to test to-day the question as to these
two Louisiana governments. Bat this I do say
as a practical legislator, with the arm of the
Executive stretched out against that State,
striking it down as we on this side believe—I
do say I will not " stick in the bark " when
an investigation is asked for; and I am not
afraid of whitewashing coming ont of the in-
vestigation. It is Durell and the bad men in
the State of Louisiana who need whitewashing.
But, sir, we have interests in Louisiana so po-
tential and great and momentous that we can-
not afford to disregard the call made upon us
by her people.
Why, Mr. Speaker, in the early days, when
Louisiana belonged to Spain, people from
your own native country, western Pennsylva-
nia, far up in the mountains, the Alleganies
42n Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 35.
and Monongahelas, in order to carve out their
way to the Gulf and the sea for their produce,
went down, some two thousand men, in flat-
boats with rifles, and took the city of New
Orleans, and nothing but the sale by Spain to
France of that great territory saved us from a
collision with Spain in that matter. The object
in obtaining Louisiana was not to gratify a few
men there, a few adventurers there, but to
make that outlet free to the sea, and the troops
who fought with their swords carved out that
outlet for the Northwest. I will not stand
here simply on a matter of investigation and
vote down the call of this people that they may
know which is the true government of the
State when there is so much contention within
it 8 borders.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POLAND. I desire to detain the House
but a moment or two upon this subject. We
seem to be in some doubt as to whether the
House has sufficient information before it to
enable it to act understanding^ upon this sub-
ject, provided the House has to take any
action at all. The gentleman from Louisiana
[Mr. Sheldon] claims that we need this com-
mittee of investigation for the purpose of
reporting facts in reference to this election and
the condition of things in Louisiana, that we
may know what has actually taken place and is
actually taking place in that State. My friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] who is
upon the Judiciary Committee, says that they
have ample information before that committee,
and that they are going to report a bill by
which we are to take the State of Louisiana
in hand aDd probably order a new election.
Now, how much information there may be
before the Judiciary Committee, or how much
more might be brought before the House by
a special committee wbi<3h we should send
there, I do not know, and for this purpose I do
not care. As I look at this matter, however
much information we may get upon this sub-
ject it will not authorize us to act at all.
The gentleman from Louisiana said that we
were authorized to act upon this question and
that it was the duty of Congress to act upon it
in consequence of the doctrine laid down by
the Supreme Court of the United States in the
Khode Island case of Luther vs. Borden.
That was a case where there were two distinct
and independent State governments set up in
the State of Rhode Island.
Mr. SHELDON. And that is precisely the
case in Louisiana to-day.
Mr. POLAND. That is precisely where
the gentleman is mistaken, where the funda-
mental error lies. There is but one constitu-
tion and there is but one government in the
State of Louisiana. They all agree that the
same constitution is binding upon the State,
and these men all claim to have been elected
at the very same election. The point is t^iat
it is a mere question of contest as to the re-
sult of that election, and if Congress ia to
interfere in this case in Louisiana, why, when-
ever there is a contest in any State in relation
to who was elected, Congress must interfere
to decide that question. The truth is that it is
a purely judicial question that is to be determ-
ined. Here was an election held, and here
are two sets of men, both of whom claim to have
received a majority of votes in that election for
State offices. Now is that a question for us?
Do gentlemen claim, does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] claim that that
is a question to be decided by this House ?
Not at all; it is purely a judicial question, and
it is the duty of both sides to resort to the
judicial tribunals of the State to decide it.
One side has resorted to a judicial tribunal
and got a decision in its favor. Judge Durell
decided in favor of one set of claimants to the
office of Governor and other State offices, and
the President of the United States very_ prop-
erly said to them, "you have got a judicial de-
cision in yonr favor; it is not for me to inquire
whether that decision was right or wrong: it
is the duty of the Executive to see that you
do not get into civil war and anarchy, and to
stand by the decision of the court, until some-
body reverses that decision or decides the
other way."
Mr. SHELDON. Judge Durell did not pass
upon the question of governorship at all.
Mr. POLAND. The decision of Judge
Durell was prima facie a decision in favor of
one side, investing them with power for the
time being. Now I do not agree with gentle-
men on the other side who claim that the
President has done anything out of the way.
I insist that the President has done just ex-
actly what was his duty, and nothing more or
less. He says, "You shall not get into civil
war over this question; I will use the power
of the Government to keep the peace ; the
court has decided in favor of one side, and
until that decision is reversed or some tribu-
nal of more authority decides the other way,
why, this set of men shall perform the duties
of these offices until the question can be prop-
erly determined."
Now does anybody claim that there is any
interference with the courts; that the courts
are not open to .everybody who has any cause
of complaint to bring before them for determ-
ination in the proper way ? Not at all. My
friend from Louisiana [Mr. Sheldon] says,
and very truly I suppose, so far as I have any
information upon the subject,. that everything is
perfectly quiet and peaceable in Louisiana.
There is no civil war there; the courts are
open and perfectly free to everybody to apply
for legal remedies who thinks he is entitled
to them, and the channel of legal justice is
perfectly unobstructed; there is no breaking
down of the government; there is no such
condition of things as that which justified
Congress in passing the reconstruction acts.
These States were without governments, they
had been broken down and wholly destroyed
by the rebellion. It is not so now with Louis-
iana. It is nothing more nor less than a pure
case of contest as to who are legally elected ;
a purely judicial question, to be determined by
the legal tribunals of the State or of the United
States. I will give no opinion in relation to
the question of jurisdiction, whether Judge
Durell has execeded his proper sphere of judi-
cial power or not.
[Here the hammer fell.]
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, a bill
of the House of the following title:
A bill (H. R. No. 2893) for the relief of
Mary Love.
louisiana.
The House resumed the consideration of
the resolution in relation to Louisiana.
Mr. HALE. For the last few years the
infamy and disgrace of certain southern State
governments have been constantly on the in-
crease. There have been corrupt electors and
corrupt elections; there have been corrupt
legislators and corrupting legislation; there
have been double Legislatures, double Gov-
ernors, double Representatives in this House,
and double Senators year by year in many
States. There have been bad men in these
States who have bought power by wholesale
bribery, and have enriched themselves at the
expense of the people by peculation or open-
handed robbery. Corruption and anarchy have
occupied and possessed thfese unfortunate
States.
I felt the force of all this when it was charged
in the canvass before the late election. It was
made constantly, and I venture to say by no
gentleman with more force than by the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] who now
objects to interference in these States, or, at
least, in Louisiana. I never doubted the facts:
the people were impressed with them. But
there were things of higher import before the
