1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
209
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Louisiana—Mr. Carpenter.
Senate.
mony. But when we come to a case like this,
where the right of Mr. Bay or Mr. McMillen
does not depend solely upon the actual trans-
actions in any legislative body below, so to
speak, or in the State, but the question who
is the Senator involves the larger question,
which is political in its nature, whether there
is a State government in that State competent
to elect a Senator, then in settling the latter
question, which is political and not judicial in
its character, we are in legislative fields and
remitted to legislative processes. As this is a
very important question in the Senate just at
present, in view of the various subjects now
before us for consideration, let me restate my
view of this matter.
In this case we are to determine whether Ray
or McMillen has been elected Senator in place
of Kellogg. Now, if the Kellogg Legislature
were conceded to be the legal one, then whether
Ray was duly elected would have to be de-
termined by applying the constitution and laws
to what was done in the Legislature for the pur-
pose of determining whether the things done
resulted in Ray's election. That is, we should
have to determine the legal effect of certain
acts. This would be purely a judicial duty.
But in this case, it being denied that the Kel-
logg government is the legal government, and
it being said that the State has no government,
that must be settled before we can settle the
first question. Now, when we enter, upon the
examination of the question, has the State any
government? we enter the field of political
power, and must make our observations'and
collect our facts for the determination of that
question according to the legislative methods.
But if, upon such examination so conducted,
we say the Kellogg government is the legal
government of the State, then we are brought
back to the first question, did this Legisla-
ture elect Ray? And this being a judicial
question, we should be confined to the judi-
cial method of obtaining facts upon which to
rest our judgment.
There is much of the testimony taken by this
com mittee whicha court of justice would hold to
be hearsay, and uttely incompetent for the set-
tlement of a merely judicial question. There
is not a word in it that may not be properly
considered when we are discussing the broader
question, whether there is a State government
in the State of Louisiana ; the common report,
the information flooding the country from the
press, everything that reaches us on every
breeze may be taken into account, and on that
information thus gleaned we must act in our
legislative or political capacity.
Now, Mr. President, when you come to try
the last election in the State of Louisiana by
these tests, judging it by the information thus
obtained, it seems to me that the case is en-
tirely separated from all the conditions of the
case which the Senator from New York has
supposed. Here are these two rival State
governments contending for sovereign control
over this population, made up of blacks and
whites. There is New Orleans, the seat of
government, with almost the entire business
population adhering to the McEnery govern-
ment ; there are a vast number of colored
people there and in different parts of that
State, whose lives have never been respected
when the contest of politics was open in that
State, and now the question comes home to us
whether we can give that population over to
the anarchy that must follow if we do i nthin-jr.
The proclamation of Governor McEnery,
which has reached us this morning, and all
thu news we have from the State confirms our
belief that if we adjourn and do nothing, col-
lision, strife, bloodshed, anarchy, must follow
in that State. If we sit here in silence refus-
ing to exercise a conceded power of the Con-
stitution in such a case, then we are recreant ;
we are answerable for those consequences, and
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No..14.
the blood of these citizens will be upon our
garments.
What is there in the action proposed to
arouse any man's fear? Suppose we are
wrong in this thing; suppose that election
after all wals not so very fraudulent as we
think it was, who is harmed by sending the
question back to the people of that State once
more? A little inconvenience will be ex-
perienced, a little expense will fall upon the
national Treasury, but what are those things
weighed against the benefits to result to that
people alone from having a government in
which all will have confidence, a government
which shall exercise its control without op-
position from the people, and which can be
recognized by us without fear and without
dishonor?
Mr. President, it is not a dangerous exercise
of power; it really involves nothing but the
inconvenience and expense of another election.
Such a power conceded in Congress is no more
dangerous than the power which every man
concedes, and which we hold to-day and which
we might exercise to-morrow upon Ohio or
upon any other State in this Union, of declar-
ing that she has not a republican form of gov-
ernment. That power was lodged in the Union
by the States and for the benefit of the States,
for their own protection. It seems to me there
never was and there never "can be a clearer
case for the exercise of that power than this.
There was an election. It is believed and
chargod on all hands that the McEnery gov-
ernment, although in fact elected by the bal-
lots deposited in the boxes, was el'ected only
by gross and systematic frauds, frauds reach-
ing over the whole State, frauds reversing the
public will, frauds pronouncing the result which
the people of that State themselves do not
acknowledge, and every hour from the election
to this hour have denied and contradicted.
Against that iS a government which has been
established by the usurpation of a Federal
court, organized under the injunctions and
mandamuses of that tribunal, issued without
the slightest color of an election and sustained
by the bayonets of our troops. These two
governments are to-day struggling for the
mastery, one elected by fraud, yet in form
elected, the other never elected at all, and
which the testimony on all hands establishes
cannot stand an hour without that Federal
support. It may be said here that it is not
now supported by Federal troops. It is ; the
fact is undeniable that it was set up by the
bayonet; the fact is undeniable that the order
which was issued to the military commander
has never been revoked ; the fact is undeniable
that the same troops which set up that sham
and fraud are now within hailing distance,
and their very presence is intimidation in that
State; their presence is support to that govern-
ment. Why, come down to municipal law:
one man goes to commit a murder and another
man is near enough to give aid if danger arises,
and he is there for that purpose, he is a prin-
cipal in the crime.
Mr. HOWE rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator yield to his colleague ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. If it would not embarrass my
colleague I should like to have him speak a
little more specifically on two points: first,
what are the specific frauds—I believe he has
not yet enumerated them—which he claims
were perpetrated in the election of that gov-
ernment known as the McEnery government ;
and, secondly, what are the' specific military
orders which, in his judgment, now furnish
physical support to that government called the
Kellogg government ?
Mr. CARPENTER. My colleague asks
me to specify what particular frauds we rely
upon as showing that the last election resulted
legally in nothing, what specific frauds we can
specify sufficient to justify us in disregarding
the declared result of that election. I this
morning referred to that, so far as the testi-
mony i5 taken upon that subject. In the first
place, it is well known that the two races in
that State are about the same in number, and
that the colored people were almost unanimous
in support of the Republican ticket. In the
next place, the whole management and con-
trol of the machinery of the election was in the
hands of Governor Warmoth, who was in op-
position to the Republican party. In the next
place, the proof shows that a systematic pur-
pose existed, and was executed in all the
Republican parishes, to make it as difficult as
possible for colored people to register their
names so as to be authorized to vote. In the
next place, the voting places in that State not
being fixed by law, and being established by
the managers of election, were located in
places remote from the centers of population
in the Republican parishes, difficult of access
because away from the rivers and from good
roads, so that the people in many instances
had to travel twenty miles to reach the voting
place.
Mr. HOWE. I do not mean at all to em-
barrass my colleague, but I am asking for
information. Now about the difficulty. Was
the difficulty this, that they were refused the
right to register? Was that the difficulty in
the way of registration ?
Mr. CARPENTER. The testimony of Mr.
Lynch, if my colleague will refer to that, will
explain the matter to him fully. Mr. Lynch
testifies that in the district where he resided
the place for making the registration was
changed from where it had been the year
before, that no notice whatever was given of
it, and that he walked up and down the streets
of that city for days after the registration
should have commenced to find out where it
could be made, and after having gone two or
three times to the place indicated, finally suc-
ceeded in registering himself because he met
the registrar, who happened to know him, on
the street, and signed the roll there. The tes-
timony shows, or tends to show, as I say; it is
not taken with the defiuiteness and accuracy
that you would take it in a court of justice;
there is perhaps no testimony. I think there
is no testimony in this record at all which
would convict any man on an indictment in a
judicial court for any of the malpractice
charged here; and yet there is that testimony
upon which every legislative tribunal must
act, and upon which every legislative question
must be decided, that there was a systematic
purpose intended on the part of the managers
of election to prevent registration.
Mr. HOWE. Was registration an indis-
pensable prerequisite to voting? Was there
no condition on which they could vote with-
out?
Mr. CARPENTER. There may have been
some conditions on which they could vote.
I think the law provided that on making cer-
tain affidavits they were entitled to vote.
Mr. MORTON.  That was the act of Con-
gress of 1870.
Mr. CARPENTER. The State law, I think,
contains do provision. At all events, when
these same individuals presented themselves
at the polls to vote, they were denied the
right to vote because they had not registered;
and when they offered the affidavit provided
for by the act of Congress, the affidavit was
rejected upon the ground, as it was said, that
they, being colored people, did not under-
stand an oath—a most remarkable ground,
considering that they had heard the oaths of
their masters for forty years before their en-
franchisement ; but on that ground they were
refused the 'right to vote. The testimony
tends to show, and the reports that come from
