1510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
ofthefollowmg title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (S. No. 1310) to restore certain
property to Phineas Banning and Benjamin
Wilson.
john m'laughlin and william south.
Mr. HAY, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 4017) for
the relief of John McLaughlin and William
South, late privates company H twenty-sixth
regiment Missouri volunteer infantry ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the accounting officers of the United
States to pay to John McLaughlin and William
South, late privates company H twenty-sixth
regiment Missouri volunteer infantry, such
sums as may be found due them respectively
at the time of their final discharge from the
military service, August 13, 1865.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HAY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
removal of charge of desertion.
Mr. HAY also, from the same committee, re-
ported back a bill (S. No. 1168) to amend an
act to remove the charge of desertion from
certain soldiers of the thirteenth Tennessee
cavalry, approved April 10, 1869, with the re-
commendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, amends an act to
remove the charge of desertion from certain
soldiers of the thirteenth Tennessee cavalry,
approved April 10, 1869, so as to include the
following named soldiers: Jeremiah Woodby,
company B, Evan Hughes, company B, John
W.Wright, company B, David N. Morton,com-
pany B, Henry Lineback, company C, Wait-
zell Aldridge, company C, William H. Colo-
way, company C, Joseph M. Burlison, com-
pany C, Starling P. Green, company C, David
Gwin, company C, Thomas Green, company
C, thirteenth Tennessee cavalry; George
Grooms, company K, Levi Sutton, company
K, Jonas Sutton, company K, eleventh Ten-
nessee cavalry; James A. Waters, company
K, Jacob Ottenger, company K, Christopher
Ottenger, company B, and Elijah Fowler,
company P, eighth Tennessee infantry.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. HAY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
court of claims jurisdiction.
Mr. HAY also, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 3432) to limit
the time for the presentation to, and decision
of claims by, the Commissary General of Sub-
sistence, under the act. to restrict the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims, and for other
purposes, approved July 4, 1864, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
time during which claims may be presented
to the Commissary General of Subsistence for
examination and decision, under the third
section of an act to restrict the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims, and to provide for the
payment of certain demands for quartermas-
ters' stores and subsistence supplies furnished '
to the Army of the United States, approved
July 4, 1864, and the subsequent joint resolu-
tions approved June 18, and July 28, 1866,
respectively, extending said act to the counties
of Berkeley and Jefferson, of the State of West
Virginia, and to the loyal citizens of the State
of Tennessee, shall terminate with the 30th of
June, 1873 ; and that no claim examined and
disallowed under the third section of said act
shall thereafter be reopened.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HAY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid, on the
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. HAY. I am directed by the same com-
mittee to report back a bill (H. R. No. 2585)
to fix the salaries of the superintendents of
national cemeteries; and also a bill (H. R.
No. 3323) to restore certain lands to Phineas
Banning and Benjamin D. Wilson, with the
recommendation that they be laid upon the
table, as legislation in the premises has already
taken place.
The bills were laid upon the table.
isaac e. higgins.
Mr. HAY also, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do not pass the bill (H. R. No. 1843) forthe
relief of Isaac B. Higgins, of Washington
Territory, and moved that the committee be
discharged from the farther consideration of
the same, and that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
captain bbm's sharpshooters.
Mr. HAY also, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do not pass, the bill (H. R. N o. 1849) author-
izing the Secretary of War to issue arms
and equipments to Captain Frank Bern's com-
pany of Bohemian sharpshooters of the Ter-
ritory of Dakota, and moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from the farther consid-
eration of the same ; and that it be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
artificial limbs.
Mr. HAY also, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do not pass, the bill (H. R. No. 3317) to
amend the act of June 17, 1870, entitled an
" Act to provide for furnishing artificial limbs
to disabled soldiers, " and moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the same, and that it be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
assistant adjutant general.
Mr. HAY also, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 3999) to amend
an act entitled " An act making appropriation
for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing June 30, 1870," approved March 3, 1869.
The bill was read. It so far modifies the
sixth section of the act approved March 3,
1869, as to authorize and permit the President
of the United States to nominate, and, by and
with the consent of the Senate, to appoint,
one assistant adjutant general with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of a major in the said
Department.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope some explanation
will be given of this bill.
Mr. HAY. I yield to my colleague on the
committee, the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Slocum.]
Mr. SLOCUM. There are three vacancies
in the offices of Assistant Adjutant General,
with the rank of major. This bill is for the
purpose of filling one of these. Itis necessary
that one should be filled. The bill is indorsed
by the committee.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether this does not interfere with the
law of March 3, 1869, which prevents pro-
motions and new appointments ?
Mr. SLOCUM. This bill repeals that law
so far as this one office is concerned.
Mr. RANDALL. It does not reach further ?
Mr. SLOCUM. It does not.
Mr. RANDALL. It seems to me that there
are too many Adjutant Generals. But if it re-
quires one to look after another, why it may be
better to pass the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HAY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
joseph h. moore.
Mr. DONNAN, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 4018) to remove
the charge of desertion in the War Depart-
ment against Joseph H. Moore, late private
company A eightieth regiment Ohio volun-
teers ; which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It removes the charge
of desertion remaining on the records of the
War Department against Joseph H. Moore,
late private in company A eightieth regiment
Ohio infantry volunteers, provided that he
receive no pay during the time he was absent
from his command without authority.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james c livingston.
Mr. DONNAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommend-
ation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 3683)
for the relief of James C. Livingston, late a
private in company E, third regiment Iowa
volunteer infantry.
The bill was read. It provides that James
C. Livingston, late a private in company E,
third Iowa regiment of volunteer infantry, shall
be entitled to an honorable discharge from the
service of the United States, to date July 22,
186-5, the date of the final muster of his regi-
ment, and shall be entitled to his back pay
and bounty, and shall be restored to all home-
stead and other rights as fully and completely
as though he had been honorably mustered
out of said service with his regiment, pro-
vided the claim for bounty and back pay of
James C. Livingston shall be adjusted and
paid without reference to the limitations con-
tained in any law heretofore enacted for the
filing of such claims in the Treasury Depart-
ment.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ordnance for monumental purposes.
Mr. DONNAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 4019) au-
thorizing the Secretary of War to deliver con-
demned ordnance to certain organizations for
monumental purposes ; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of War to deliver, if it can be done without,
detriment to the Government, four condemned
cannon and sixteen cannon balls to each of the
following named organizations, for the purpose
of ornamenting burial grounds of deceased
soldiers: to the Army and Navy Union of
Portland, Maine; to the municipal authorities
of the city of Syracuse, New York ; to the
