546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
people, and so the Republican party did not
go to the wall because of the corrupt carpet-
hag governments. The whole was greater
than the half. What should be the fate of the
while nation was of more importance to the
; oople than the fate of Louisiana, or Alabama,
or Arkansas.
Be>ides this, the unerring instinct of the
t-eople told them that for many excesses in the
>outh the Republican party was not respons-
ive, was not accountable. Manv of these
ilisturbing manifestations fell in tlie natural
i uurse of things following the convulsions at-
tending the great rebellion. But now a different
rule applies. The Republican party has been
given a new lease of power. Its President
has been reelected by a majority greater than
ever before given for any President, with an
overwhelming sustaining force in Congres.
I believe that hereafter—and we on this
side ot the House shall do well to take the
conviction home to ourselves—the Repub-
lican party will be held responsible if anarchy
and corruption run further riot in the South
for years to come as they have been in years
past. I for one want strenuous and funda-
mental action in this matter. I do not want
any more committees to report here big volumes
of testimomy, as the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] has said. Let us go
to the bottom of this thing. Let us put in
actual force and operation what has only been
talked about heretofore, that provision of the
Constitution making it the duty of the General
Government to guaranty a republican form
of government to each State. They have it
not in Louisiana; they have no real form of
government. Anarchy is formless. There is
no citizen in Louisiana who to-day knows
w bom he should obey, in the Legislature or in
the gubernatorial chair. That Louisiana has
laws and a constitution is not enough. She is
ei.titled to a living governing force that shall
execute as well as obey those laws.
In my opinion it is time, and I hope all
Republicans will appreciate this, that we
take this matter with a strong hand. And the
last men to object to such action on the part
of the Government, taken with due regard to
the spirit of our Constitution, are the gentle-
men on the other side, who have claimed that
the Republican party is accountable because
it will not interfere, but allows thieves and
robbers to pillage the South. Let us go to the
root of the matter. If necessary, let us take
entire charge there for the time, put down the
eretensions of usurpers, drive out thieves from
igh places to which they have never been duly
elected, find out if there is any real State
government with proper authentication, and
if, as I suspect, there is none, give to the people
of this desolated and plundered State an
opportunity for a fair election, and when a
government has been set up under such
guarantees, stand by it with the whole force of
the General Government, civil and military.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me that I may ask that the time for
this debate be extended one hour.
Several members objected.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the message of the President of the United
States just received be read.
The SPEAKER. Since this debate began
a message has been received from the Presi-
dent of the United States on this subject. It
is the intention of the Chair at the close of the
debate to lay that message before the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to suspend the
rules so that another hour be allowed for this
debate on the same conditions as the hour now
running.
The motion was agreed to, two thirds voting
in favor thereof.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I think it
must be apparent to every gentleman in the
House that the time has come in the State of
Louisiana when it is the duty of the Congress
of the United States in some form to exercise
the powers vested in it under the Constitution
of the United States, and to inquire touching
the established government in that State. No
one can hope within the limit of ten minutes
to traverse the whole field of inquiry as to the
extent of those powers. But it is perfectly
manifest not only to the House of Representa-
tives, but to all intelligent citizens of the Uni-
ted States, that there is danger, sooner or later,
of a conflict in the State of Louisiana between
two opposing organizations, each claiming to
be the government of the State. It must be
apparent also to every thoughtful mind in this
House that the provision of the national Con-
stitution that "the United States shall guar-
anty to each State in this Union a republican
form of government," requires a decision to
be made by the United States, under the Con-
stitution, between twoopposing organized gov-
ernments in any State of the Union. In sup-
port of this position I need but remind the
House of the terse, clear, strong words of Chief
Justice Taney in making the ruling in Luther
vs. Borden, to which reference has been made
here, that unless such decision is to be made
the guarantee of the Constitution " would be a
guarantee of anarchy, not of order." Are we
to be advised of the fact that there are two such
opposing organizations in the State and not
venture in some form to exercise the power
vested in us, and inquire, at least, with a view
to the discharge of the duty enjoined upon us
by the oath recorded by each one of us here,
to support the Constitution of the United
States?
It is the interest of every citizen of the
United States in Louisiana and out of Louisi-
ana that some action shall be taken in the
premises. Nothing is clearer than the fact
that the original duty of exercising this power
is in the Congress of the United States. Gen-
tlemen need not raise the question whether
your legislative functions extend so far when
they remember the express grant of power
contained in the provision authorizing Con-
gress—
" To make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers, and all other powers vested by this Consti-
tution in the Government of the United States, or
in any department or officer thereof."
The power is vested by the Constitution in
the United States to " guaranty to every
State in the Union a republican form of gov-
ernment." The nation does not, as I regret
to hear intimated by some of my friends—the
nation does not make a constitutional State
government, but the nation guaranties it when
made. Louisiana has a constitution repub-
lican in form, so far as the letter of that in-
strument is concerned. But what is a written
constitution worth to any State of the Union
if the powers of government which are essen-
tial to its execution are resisted by an oppos-
ing force in the State ?
We are called upon to decide the question.
I am not going to intimate how far we may go
upon the information already before us, if we
are driven to that extremity, without further
inquiry. But I say itis the duty of Congress to
inquire and to determine before it adjourns (so
as to end this question if possible) which of
those organizations in Louisiana is the govern-
ment republican in form guarantied by the
United States under the Constitution to each
State in this Union, and which guarantee is to
be enforced and carried out under the laws of
the United States, in the first instance by Con-
gress, and in the last instance by the execu-
tive department. Your judicial department
is estopped, as Chief Justice Taney well said,
from further inquiry as to the rightful govern-
ment in a State after the political department
has decided. If we adjourn and do nothing
the President of the United States, under the
acts of 1795 and 1807 and 1861, may well be
called upon, by one or other of these organ-
izations, to decide this whole question, in the
words of the law, upon his own judgment, and
to put down, if need be, by the power of the
Army and Navy, any opposing organization 10
that which he recognizes. I am perfectly
willing to trust him. I do not doubt he will
faithfully do his duty. As his friend, as the
friend of my country, as the friend of the
people of Louisiana, as the friend of the
Constitution of the United States, and in the
interest of all the people of the United
States, I ask the Congress of the United
States to inquire. The resolution that is
pending is to the effect that a joint com-
mittee be appointed by the Senate and the
House to make speedy inquiry of the question
whether there are two organized governments
in Louisiana, and to report to the House
which, according to the facts, is the constitu-
tional republican government under the Con-
stitution of the United States, and which the
people of Louisiana are entitled to under their
laws. Having reported the result of their in-
vestigation to the House it becomes the duty
of Congress to act on it. If, upon the facts
shown, there be found, what is doubtless
known already, that there are two organized
governments, then they both cannot in the
nature of things be the government of Louis-
iana. One or the other must be, or else it
must result that there is no organized govern-
ment there at all. One may be, both cannot
be the lawfully established government of
Louisiana. If on the investigation which is
made the House comes to the conclusion that
Louisiana has no organized government, I
think we have the right to inquire whether
within the scope of the Constitution the Con-
gress of the United States in aid of the rights
of the people of Louisiana may not author-
ize a peaceful, quiet, unrestricted election in
accordance with their own constitution and
laws, to bring into full effect the rights that
the people of Louisiana are entitled to under
the constitution of the State.
This is all I think was suggested by the hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Butler] in his remarks. He never intended
to be interpreted as asking of this House and
the country that the Congress of the United
States should elect a Legislature for Louisiana,
or organize a government as a regular State
I government for the people of Louisiana, or
1 any other State of the Union. That is clearly
j beyond the scope of our authority, and the
other seems to be clearly within the scope of
our authority. If we have such authority,
then it is clearly our sworn duty to see to it
that, without hazard or risk, the people of the
State of Louisiana be secure in the enjoyment
of their right guarantied under the Constitu-
tion of this country to a government repub-
lican in form established by themselves.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I should like to
have an answer from the gentleman from
Ohio in reference to the point made by the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] that
Congress has no power to determine as to
which one of these State governments is legit-
imate until the constitution is overthrown
and two constitutions are set up.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have great respect for
the opinion of the gentleman from Vermont,
as I have for the opinion of all the gentlemen
of the House, and in answer to the gentle-
man's inquiry I have only to say no oue can
doubt for a moment the duty is enjoined, first,
on Congress, and secondly, under the laws
of Congress, upon the President of the Upited
States to inquire and determine when the
question arises in a State between opposing
State governments which is the lawfully estab-
lished government of the State. The nation
cannot afford to allow such a conflict of State
authority to be decided by force of arms be-
tween the opposing State organizations.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I will vote
against appointing this committee, because I
