548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 13,
Rhode Island case laid down the principle
that this body and, upon the failure of Con-
gress to act, the President of the United States
may recognize which one of two contending
factions in a State shall be regarded as the
legitimate government. This brings us to the
question suggested by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] We are here
to day in possession of at least facts sufficient
to enable us to determine one thing. He as-
serts that the Pinchback government has no
legal existence. If that be true as the gentle-
man asserts", and if the power be conceded to
this body to legislate at all, why have we not
the power to at once interpose and legislate
that Pinchback government out of existence?
If it is there without warrant or authority of
law, we as the Representatives of the people,
under the power contended for by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, and the decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States, should
legislate it out of existence.
If the other faction has not the form of law
to support it, we should likewise act and legis-
late with reference to it; either say that it is
not a proper government and abolish it, or
else say that it has a legitimate form of gov-
ernment and sustain it, thereby throwing the
Pinchback officers into court to test their rights.
To me it is a simple and plain question to
act upon. If we are to act at all in reference
to it, I can see no practical way of determin-
ing it except the way suggested by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts; that is, for this
House upon the report of a committee to legis-
late in reference to the condition of affairs in
that State. If you appoint this committee it
will be but a stay of proceedings, for we can-
not interpose until after this House adjourns
and the matter will stand over until next win-
ter, unless an extra session is called for the
purpose of legislating in regard to this matter.
Nothing can be gained by delay. Congress
will have to act and settle the difficulty at last,
and we had as well do it now. Suppose the
Srate courts were to act and decide against the
Pinchback government, the President would
still support Judge Durell. What, then, we
will, in all probability, be ultimately com-
pelled to do, I propose to do now.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I have more
trouble with existing facts than I have in any
effort to search after those about which there
may be some uncertainty. I have seen this
debate gathering for some weeks, and I do not
enter it with any confidence or with any am-
bition to figure in it. Those of us who were
here during the war and endeavored as well as
we might to raise up governments upon the
ashes of the rebellion, and then encountered
difficulties On all sides, can have some means
of determining those that beset this question.
There are other questions in the near future
which this House cannot escape, for which
they would do well to provide now, and spend
no time in investigations of other questions
over which, when they have investigated them,
they will find they have no jurisdiction.
Sir, the .pending resolution proposes that
we shall inquire into the election of State
officers and members of State Legislatures.
The constitution and laws of Louisiana alone
provide the method by which that shall be
done. The Constitution of the United States,
however, imposes a duty first upon the Ex-
ecutive and after him upon Congress ; first,
upon the Executive, to recognize, where there
is a conflict in a State, which of the two con-
tending parties is de facto the government,
not de jure. And whenever Congress shall
after that assume the jurisdiction which they
may have, and oust him from it, it is not by
enactment to set up any set of offices, but
to decide on their part who are de facto, not
de jure, officers of the government of Louis-
iana. But who are de jure the officers of the
government and the legislators elected for
the State of Louisiana must be worked out by
the machinery of the State constitution and
the State laws.
Thus far the President has acted in con-
formity with his duty plainly prescribed, which
is that he should recognize for the time being
whichever of those two governments is de
facto the government of the State. We can
take up that question where he left off; but
we can go no further. It seems to me to be
a monstrous doctrine that the President by a
1 decree or we by an enactment can say who
are in fact elected to those offices. We can
merely say to those men who are de factor
, exercising the functions of those offices,
, " Through the machinery of your constitution
and your laws work out the question who are
de jure the officers in the State. If you do
violence to the popular judgmeint of Louisiana,
you do it at your peril, because your decrees
. are to be reviewed by the people of your State
I and not by us."
But on the second Tuesday of February—
a day close at hand—here in this Hall, in the
presence of the two branches of Congress,
this question will come up; it cannot be
escaped ; and if no provision be made before-
hand for its decision, it will come up in such
a way that no tribunal can decide it; and if
it did not happen that the result of the presi-
dential election does not hinge upon the votes
of this State, you would see anarchy, if you
did not see violence in this Hall. There has
never yet been any provision of law under
the Constitution for determining the question
which of two sets of electors sending up their
certificates to be opened in the presence of
both Houses of Congress are legally elected.
The matter in its results upon the last election
may be of very little importance; but the ques-
tion presented in the joint convention in the
case of Wisconsin at the time Mr. Buchanan
was chosen, and in the case of Georgia at the
very last count of the electoral votes, has
admonished us of the immense peril of the
Government when the result of an election
shall depend upon such a question; and it
seems to me that we cannot fail to direct our
attention to • some immediate remedy—some
method for'deciding such questions.
In reference to the State officers in Louis-
iana, let the President, as he has done, stand
by one or the other of those governments as a
de facto government, and insist that the State
courts and their laws shall work out the ques-
tion not who ought to be, or who might be, if
there were a new election, but who in point of
fact was elected at the election prescribed by
law. If, as I have said, the tribunals "within
the State in working out that question are gov-
erned by passion or prejudice, or blinded to
the facts, it is not to us that they must render
their account, but to the people of Louisiana.
But, sir, there is that over which we have juris-
diction, and to that I invoke the legal and
statesmanlike consideration of my colleague
[Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts] and his com-
mittee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My col-
league will allow me to ask him one question :
how are the courts of Louisiana to work out
the question what officers constitute the de
facto government of that State while the
Federal authority holds one of those govern-
ments in power?
Mr. DAWES. The question for the courts
of Louisiana to work out is not who constitute
the government of the State de facto, but de
jure.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Suppose
they decide one to be the government dejure,
still the President may hold in power the other
as the de facto government.
Mr. DAWES. I will answer my colleague.
When the courts there render judgment that
a man not in power is de jure the Governor
of Louisiana and declare that they cannot en-
force their decrees, it is the duty of the Execu-
tive of the United States, after the posse com-
itatus of Louisiana has proved insufficient, to
enforce those decrees just as it his duty at
this hour to enforce the judgment of Judge
Durell, from whose judgment, from all ac-
counts I have of it, were I a judge, I should
shrink, and in whose conduct there I find very
little to commend. Yet I do commend the
President in not going behind the judgment
of the court—in not considering whether he,
if he were upon the bench, would have ren-
dered the judgment.
Mr. SHELLABARGER obtained the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Before
my colleague [Mr. Dawes] takes his seat I
would like to ask him one other question. Sup-
pose the State court decides the question one
way and the United States court another, what
then ?
Mr. DAWES. If the State courts under
: the constitution and laws of Louisiana are
clothed with power to say who is elected Gov-
i ernor, then, sir, it is the duty in the first in-
! stance of the executive power of Louisiana
' to enforce that judgment, and in its failure it
J is the duty of the Executive of the United
j States.
j Mr. FARNS WORTH. Now, suppose there
are two sets of courts, can they decide in both?
Which court is to decide, supposing the case
| there are two sets of courts and two sets of
decisions ?
Mr. DAWES. I am referring to the de facto
government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker,
there is no doubt we have presented to us a
question of grave importance. At the time I
: sought the floor from the Speaker in the first
1 place the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] and the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] had not spoken. If I bad
heard them before, I should not have troubled
the House. I will now only add a few words
in the same line of thought of those two gen-
tlemen, with the general purport of whose
legal views I agree so far as I understood
them.
Now, while it is true none of us have any
such wisdom as to entitle us to speak oracularly
on things so difficult as this, yet I think it is
reasonably clear what the duties of Congress
are in this embarrassing case. Let us come,
for the purpose of seeing whether I am right
or not in thinking the case reasonably plain,
first, to that provision in the Constitution
which requires that the Government of the
United States shall secure all of the States
against domestic violence. Now, we have
had a legislative and judicial interpretation of
that clause; one which is to this effect: that
where there is no State Legislature in being
that is either able or willing to invite the aid of
the Government to rescue thom from domes-
tic violence, then we could do it without being
invited. Thus far, I think, we will not dis-
agree. It is therefore for the people of Louis-
iana by her Legislature to ask to be protected
from domestic violence. It is competent for
the Government of the United States to pro-
tect the people of that State against all do-
mestic violence, all resistance to the Constitu-
tion and the laws, and thus to secure to them,
if they need it, the most perfect safety and free-
dom in making and enforcing their own laws
in their courts. Now, I suppose I have the
assent probably of every fair mind to that.
That being true, what is the legal State of
Louisiana? What is her legal status? It is
this: she has perfect tranquillity, perfect se-
curity ; her people are all loyal, her Jaws are
all loyal, her courts are all open, the tribunals
for trying contested electionsare all accessible,
everything is right and sunny and plain. The
United States with its great presence is there
to insure that tranquillity, to insure that the
people may proceed in their own courts, in
their own time, and by their own laws to get
some decision and to execute their own laws,
and to dispose of their own affairs in their
own way.
