1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ul'i
is not able to decide the point raised by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Speeb.]
Mr. SPEEB. I understand that the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs
states that the bill never was considered in the
committee.
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to a. question of
order. The previous question operating, is
debate in order? If it is I propose to take a
hand in it.
Mr. SPEER. I ask the decision of the
Chair on my point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Speeb] will state
his point of order.
Mr. SPEER. It is that this evening having
been assigned to reports from the Committee
on Military Affairs, and the chairman of the
committee stating that this bill has not been
considered by that committee, this is not a re-
port from the Committee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order, when made at
this stage of the proceedings, after the main
question has been ordered. The bill was re-
ported by a member of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, who stated that he was authorized
by that committee to report it. The House
has ordered the main question. One vote upon
the bill has been had, and the question now is,
shall the bill be engrossed and read a third
time ? At this stage it is too late to make the
point of order.
Mr. SPEER. Is it too late to make the
point of order, when it is made as soon as the
fact becomes known, that it is not the report
of the committee ? .
Mr. L. MYERS. I desire to say that I in-
troduced this bill, and that it was referred to ,
to the Committee on Military Affairs. Although |
at first rejected, it was afterward favorably eon- |
sidered by a majority of the committee. ;
The SPEAKER pro tempore. _ when the j
gentleman from Louisiana rose in. his place
and stated that he was authorized by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report the bill,
that was the time to make the objection.
Mr. MOREY. I desire to say distictly that
I am authorized by the Military Committee to
report this bill.
Mr. HAY. On that I take issue with the
gentleman. He was never authorized to
report it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That ques-
tion is not now before the House. The ques-
tion is, shall this bill be now engrossed and
read a third time?
The House divided: and there were ayes
46, noes 63 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. No quorum having voted
the Chair will order telless.
Mr. MOREY. I move that the bill pe re-
committed to the Committee on Military
A TheS'sPEAKER pro tempore Is there ob-
jection to the gentleman from Louisiana with-
drawing the report ? The Chair hears none
The report is withdrawn, and the bill returns
to the Military Committee.
ISSUE OF ARMS.
Mr. MOREY also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 4026) for the
relief of States and Territories tor the issue
of arms and ordnance stores madethem
for the maintenance and preservation of the
Union; which was read a first and second
litTlie question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that all
issues of arms and other ordnance stores which
States and Territories between the 1st ot
January, 186!, and the 9th of April, 18b5
under the act of April 23, 1808, ami
io the States and Territories, having been
made for the maintenance and preservatio
oflhe Union, are properly chargeable to the
United Statcp, and the Secretary of War is
authorized to credit the several States and
Territories with the sums charged to them
respectively for arms and other ordnance
stores which were issued to them between the
aforementioned dates, atld charged against
their quotas under the law for arming and
equipping the militia, provided each State and
Territory, before receiving credit for the issues
charged to them, shall return the property to
the ordnance department free of charge to the
United States, or give satisfactory evidence to
the Secretary of War that it was expended or
otherwise disposed of in the public service
during the rebellion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire whether
this bill is recommended by the Secretary of
War.
Mr. MOREY. It is recommended by the
Secretary of War, and I will ask the Clerk to
read the last paragraph on page 6 of Execu-
tive Document No. 114.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Large auras of money were charged against some
of the States for arms, &o., furnished by this Depart-
ment during the war. andotherStates, equally popu-
lous, bad no charges made against them during the
same period; and it seems to me highly probable
that errors occurred in keeping the account with
the States which do great injustice to some ol them,
but which this bureau has no authority to correct.
The principal if not all of the issues which were
made to the States during the war were made to
them for the maintenance of the Government and
the preservation of the Union, and should have been
charged, as arms and other stores issued to volun-
teers, to theUnited States, and not to the States, it
the errors can be corrected they should be. In my
opinion it would be fairer and .luster to the btates to
credit them with all issues made to them during the
war, and charged on their quotas for arming and
eauipping the militia, than to let the accounts stand
as they now are on the books of this office. Some of
the States are now charged with a greater sum than
their annual quotas will amount to in half a cen-
tury, and under a proper decision orthe War -Depart-
ment no issues can be made to S_tates which are
charged with arms and other stores in excess of their
quotas. I respectfully suggest that it may be proper
to invite legislation on this subject.
Mr. MOREY. I will state that the com-
mittee have not adopted the whole of the bill
recommended by the Secretary of War. We
only report a portion of the bill recommended
by him. I ask the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof, the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
aDMr.aMORBY moved to reconsider the vote
bv which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUSAN L. GALLOWAY.
Mr MOREY also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a-bill (H. R. No. 1127) for the
relief of Susan L. Galloway; which was read
a first and second time. _
The question was upon ordering the bill to
bp engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the proper
accounting officer of the Treasury to cause to
be paid to Susan L. Galloway, widow of
Captain James L. Galloway, late of company
E first Florida cavalry, the full pay and emol
uments of a captain of cavalry, from March
29, 1864, to August 31, 18bo.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask for the reading of
the report.
The report was read. _
Mr. HOLMAN. The only difficulty in this
case is that some person bad promised him
bounty if he would raise this c°mPa"y- B,e"
fore it was raised he was captured, and after he
was released from capture he was mustered m,
when only a part of the company he raised had
been mustered in. There has been a very
liberal policy adopted both by the Committee
of Claims and the Committee on Military
Affairs in regard to persons who were subse-
quently commissioned, Tjut I know of no class
of cases when we have ever gone back beyond
the dat,e of their commissions.
Mr. MOREY. This officer jfas commis-
sioned before he was captured ; that is to say,
he held a provisional commission from Gen-
eral Banks, such a commission as he Was
authorized to issue by the War Department.
All the officers in commission in the dis-
trict of the Gulf, were commissioned in that
way. General Banks was authorized to issue
conditional commissions, and these were the
only commissions granted to officers of regi-
ments raised on the Gulf. The letter from the
War Department shows that this regiment
was recruited to its minimum strength. He
was captured while in the service of the Gov-
ernment. After be was relieved he was paroled,
but he was not exchanged for several months
afterward. This bill proposes to pay him from
the time his company was recruited to its mini-
mum strength up to the time he was ex-
changed. There is no new principle in this
bill; it is similar to other bills we have passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think this bill goes fur-
ther than any I have noticed. Will the gentle-
man from Louisiana [Mr. Morey] state how
much this company was recruited at the time
this person was captured by the enemy ?
Mr. MOREY. That I do not know ; but it
is not material to the question. The com-
mittee did not see fit to ask the Secretary of
War for any information, except as to the time
wheu the company was recruited to its mini-
mum strength, which would allow of his being
mustered in.
Mr. HOLMAN. If not a single soldier was
recruited, and he was captured, and his com-
pany was afterward filled, this bill would give
full pay to him as an officer.
Mr. MOREY. It was but a short time
before he was captured that the company
reached its minimum strength, eighty-five
men. I do not recollect the exact date.
Mr. HOLMAN. The House has attempted
repeatedly to legislate so as to do justice to
these officers who by any misfortune were not
mustered in at the date of their commission.
I think we passed a bill amendatory of a
former law referring to this subject, i would
k if that bill was not liberal enough ?
Mr. MOREY. That bill which we passed
is more liberal than this. . .
Mr. HOLMAN. If the bill general m its
nature cannot cover this case-— _
Mr. MOREY. It does not cover this case,
because this officer is dead, and this bill is for
the benefit of his widow.
Mr. HOLMAN. It would make no differ-
ence as to the mustering in of the officer at
the time, whether he be living now or not.
Mr. MOREY. The general bill passed to-
day was to give construction to previous laws,
and only authorized the muster in of officers
who, by reason of being in hospital or for some
other reason, were not in receipt of their com-
missions. There is no question bu t this officer
received his commission before he was cap-
tUMr HOLMAN. What reason does the
Secretary of War give for not muster.ng in
this officer? .
Mr MOREY. Simply because the Army
orders prohibit it. If it could be done by the
War Department there wouM be no necessity
for coming here for a special act.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose not.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOREY moved to reconsider the vote ■
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table. ,
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORT kiphsv reservation.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, from
the
Committee on Military Affairs, "ported back
with a substitute Senate bill No. 530, for the
