1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Sutro Tunnel—Mr. McGormick.
Ho. of Reps.
barred from taking my seat on account of a
law which had been enacted three years after
the commission of the acts which were made
the ground of my exclusion. And though I
labored under no constitutional disability, yet
my disabilities had to be removed, and it was
no easy matter I can assure you. I cannot
forget the case of Vance, of North Carolina,
who was refused a seat in the Senate of the
United States only a few months ago for acts
he had committed eleven years before. And
I shall be the last man on this floor bo vote
that this Congress has any power to expel a
man for acts committed before his election by
his constituents.
1 want to say one thing in defense of my
friend from New York, [Mr. Brooks.] I do
not believe that he is a corrupt legislator. I
do not believe that he is unworthy of the con-
fidence of .his people. He is now tottering
upon the brink of the grave; and I shall not
be one to help push him into it. I remember
very well how often he has stood on this floor
•and upon the stump in his own State and
throughout the North, eloquently defending
my people against the wrongs and'outrages
which have been imputed to them; and I
shall not forget him in this hour of his trouble.*
Nor will the people whom I represent ever
forget his heroic and eloquent defense of them.
I take this opportunity to say that I have a
high regard for my friend, Mr. Bingham. I
have au abiding faith in his honor and his
integrity of purpose, and I feel assured that
he would scorn to do that which he believed
unworthy. I am well aware that the clamor
of the thoughtless multitude is sweeping like
a storm over the country and demanding in
tones of thunder the expulsion of these men,
but I know my duty under, my oath to the
people, and I shall stand by it to-day. When
the storm shall have passed away, when the
whirlwind of passion shall have ceased, and
reason resumed her throne, the cool, sober
judgment of the people will indorse my action
. for advocating their cause here to-day, for this
is the cause of the people. In making this
feeble effort I have but poorly executed my
duty to the people whom I have the honor in
part to represent on this floor. 1 earnestly
hope, sir, that in the disposal of this case the
House of Representatives will make a record
and establish a precedent which shall serve
for all time to come as the example to be fol-
lowed by other Representatives who are to
come after us. Let this great principle upon
which turns all the machinery of our Govern-
ment be firmly and not doubtfully established,
the great and glorious heritage bequeathed
by our fathers, "the free and untrammeled
right of representation."
Sutro Tunnel.
SPEECH OF HON. R. C. MoCORMICK,
of akizona,
In the House of Representatives,
February 21, 1873.
The House having under consideration the bill
(H. li. No. 1173) to aid in tho construction of the
Sutro tunnel from tho proceeds of the salo of
mineral lands, together with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute-
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, said:
Mr. Speaker: I propose but a few words
upon this important bill, as there are others
better prepared to discuss its merits on this
occasion, and I will not deprive them of the
opportunity. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Banks,] in his speech upon the
introduction of the bill on the 13th instant—a
speech distinguished, as are all his speeches
here for its strong arguments and illustra-
tions', its broad, statesmanlike views, its logical
reasoning and fervid eloquence—said, among
other things, that the representatives in Con-
gress from all the mineral-bearing Territories
were favorable to the measure. I believe the
statement correct, and that it may be* added
that the people of the country at large, or at
least those who have familiarized themselves
with the enterprise of Mr. Sutro, saving per-
haps some who think their local interests may
be interfered with, are desirous that the Gov-
ernment should in some degree give its aid
and favor to so great and important an experi-
ment in mining. And regarding these local
interests, I wish to say that for one I would
at all times have them properly protected and
recognized, and Mr. Sutro and his associates
held to a strict account, if they at any time
infringe upon them.
The questions that should chiefly affect
Congress in this matter are, in my judgment—
1. Whether the work which Mr. Sutro has
begun is of.general importance and deserving
the aid of the Government.
2. Whether it is in good hands, and with
such aid likely to be carried to completion
with energy, skill, and proper economy.
Of the many and marked advantages to the
systematic and profitable workings of the
famous Comstock silver lode (the mines upon
which are now believed to be the most valu-
able in the world) which must result from
such a tunnel as is proposed by Mr. Sutro
there can be little difference of opinion among
those who have impartially studied the situa-
ation.
The great lode is so located that by no other
agency can there be any prospect of its devel-
opment on the scale demanded by its wealth
and extent. What has been done in extract-
ing the rich ores to this time is but trifling
when compared with what may be done through
the facilities to be afforded by such a tunnel
and what shoflld be done in justice to the
enterprise of our age and people.
President Lincoln gave it as his opinion
that—
"The immense mineral resources of the Territo-
ries ought to be devoloped as rapidly as possible.
Every step in that, direction would have a tendency
to improve the resources of the Government and
diminish the burdens of the people/'
President Grant, in his inaugural address,
(1869,) referring to the precious metals locked
up in the sterile mountains of the far West,
said:
"Ultimately it may be necessary to insure the
faoilities to roach these riches, and it may bo neces-
sary also that the General Government should give
its aid to secure this access."
Washington, writing of the resources of the
country in 1789, declared that " within- our
Territories there were no mines, either gold
or silver," but urged the encouragement of
agriculture and the humanizing benefits of
commerce. Who can doubt, had ho lived to
the hour when the mineral veins of the Sierra
Nevadas and the Pacific slope were discovered,
that he would have counseled the most liberal
provision by the Government for their rapid
and thorough development where private cap-
ital was insufficient for the purpose ?
To me it would seem impossible for a states-
man, who would " improve the resources of
the Government and diminish the burdens of
the people," to do anything less ; and in the
interests of scientific mining no experiment
can be of more value than that begun by Mr.
Sutro. Talking on the subject but a few days
since with the eminent Professor Agassiz, I
found he fully concurred in the importance of
the undertaking as expressed by the most dis-
tinguished scientists of Europe.
But it is not alone in the interest of science
that the people of the mining region of the
West desire the success of Mr. Sutro's pro-
ject. It is even more in the direct interest
of the practical miner, that he may know to a
certainty the nature of the veins at a great
depth ; that he may understand to what extent
they may be profitably worked ; and that he
may satisfy the capitalist that an investment
in mining is not an absolutely precarious one.
This is on the theory that the leading charac
teristics of the Comstock lode are those of
most if not all of the chief silver deposits
upon the continent, which theory is doubtless
correct.
It is in the interest of the laboring man that
in his daily toil, far beneath the surface of the
earth, he may enjoy a pure atmosphere and
escape the dangers to health which must now
be encountered and which loo often prove
fatal. It is asserted by an eminent French
writer on mining that four fifths of all work-
men who_ perish in mines are victims of foul
air. It is further in his interest as it will
create an outlet for escape in case of fire, and
it is greatly in the interest of labor generally,
for by affording easy access to the Comstock
mines and to others where similar tunnels
will be constructed if this is a success, and
making low-grade as well as high-grade ores
available, it will warrant the steady engage-
ment of thousands of miners where only hun-
dreds now find employment.
Mr. Sutro and his associates have proven
their faith in their project by expending to
this time more than a million dollars in
advancing it; and they would, I am assured,
much prefer proceeding without aid from the
Government, but that the work is too vast for
private enterprise alone. What it is proposed
to give them under the bill now before us is a
temporary loan from the revenue raised by the
sale of mineral lands, not to exceed $2,000,000
in all, and payment to be secured by a first
mortgage and lien on the whole of said tunnel,
together with all the lands, franchises, ease-
ments, privileges, engines, buildings, and
appurtenances thereunto belonging.
If it is asked by what authority this fund can
be so applied, 1 say, as did tho Senator from
Nevada [M.r. Nye] m an exhaustive speech
made upon this subject in the Senate some
two years since:
"My answer is that tho same authority which
authorizes the Govornmonf, to ma.lie appropriations
for geological surveys upon tho surface, from which
tho theory of geology is deduced, and by which wo
must be guided—tho same Jaw and right and power
which justify that exist for making geological sur-
veys under the earth."
Or as did tbe gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks,] in the speech to.which I have
referred:
"To gentlemen who have constitutional scruples
as to tho right of tho Government to aid in measures
of this kind 1 wish to say thu,t thero is a just, a wise,
and important distinction between temporary aid
to sueli an enterprise as this and tho permanent aid
demanded by those connocted with other industrial
enterprises. Tn tho early history of our Government
thero was but slight objection to tho principle that
where a public work of groat importance was re-
quired fortheftdvancoment of the national interests
temporary aid in the execution of that work was
permitted by the Constitution, and measures giving
aid under such restrictions wore supported by men
of all parties. It was to permanent and perpetual
subsidies and monopolies, never ceasing, never
diminishing, always increasing, that opposition was
excited."
There is another ground upon which the
Government may with propriety render the
assistance asked. It is because while all
other leading industries of the country have
at some time received direct support from
Congress, the mining industry of the new
West, great and growing as it is, lias met little
if any attention, and been put off with wholly .
inadequate legislation. The discoverers, the
owners, and the workers of our gold and sil-
ver mines have been left to fight their way
against all manner of physical, legal, and
pecuniary obstacles; and it is in spite of
rather than through the recognition or protec-
tion of the Government that they have lived
and made progress.
