1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
549
And remember now, most carefully, what is
really the vital element in this case, determ-
ining what the powers of Cougress are in
ihit. case; that we deal with a case where both
of the Governors and of the Legislatures in
Louisiana agree and assert the same constitu-
tion of the State to be the valid and republican
constitution of that State. Both assert the
same laws creating and governing her courts,
her elections,, her officers, her citizens, her
property, and every other office of govern-
ment to be completely valid and bindiug on
all. Both allege her courts to be legal, author-
itative, and open. Both allege the election by
which the two Legislatures now. claim to
act was a legally authorized election, at which
a legal Legislature for Louisiana could be
elected, and both allege that a legal one was
then elected. Both allege every officer of the
State except the Legislature aod Governor to
be now executing properly the functions of a
legally held State office.
Thus, sir, both sides and all men agree to
evety fact and law requisite to the existence
of a perfect State government in Louisiana,
except only that there is a dispute as to who
were duly elected at that legal election to the
Legislature and for Governor.
Now, sir, that is the present posture of
affairs in Louisiana. I submit to the distin-
guished chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary [Mr. Bingham] and all others with
whom I have everlastingly agreed that it is
the duty of the Government of the United
States to guaranty State governments repub-
lican in form to the southern States. I sub-
mit that Louisiana, having a good constitution,
having good laws, having good citizens, hav-
ing good courts, having good witnesses, hav-
ing all the machinery of a State government,
is not in that status when we did interfere
before to give them State governments. They
were then without good governments at all in
any of the high constitutional sense of that
word. They had 110 constitution, no courts,
no laws, no officers, no elections; nothing
which the Upited States could recognize as
government, because all had been overthrown
by rebellion. Then we did interpose and did
give back to them their governments.
Do not gentlemen see how world-wide the
difference is between the two conditions then
and now ? Louisiana is a State with courts,
with all the machinery of government to try
the question which of these two Legislatures
is elected and which is the right one. She has
laws under which may be contested directly
who are legally elected legislators. She can
determine that question in her own way. And
to enable her peacefully and freely so to
determine every possible question, she is enti-
tled to receive, and will receive if need be, the
aid of the United States in delivering her from
violence. But our Constitution is wiser than
to stop even there. It is said she cannot do
it, or that the wrong decision may be come to,
or that the Legislature decided to be the right
one may be the wrong one. Very well; our
Constitution does not leave all that unprovided
for. It has provided for it. There may be a
determination that a certain legislature is the
right one which really is the wrong one. Let
us suppose that extreme case—a wrong legis-
lature, a usurping government passing a law
and putting it on some statute-book. What
then ? If some body of men, mere usurpers,
organized under no color or forms of law, !
attempt to pass laws, should assume to make
laws, then every citizen affected by that law
can appeal to the court to have the question
settled, and the courts will decide for him and
all the people the validity of the alleged legis-
lation.
Mr. BINGHAM rose.
Mr; SHELLABARGER. I should be glad
to go into a full discussion of this question,
but he must let me finish my sentence. If I
have time I will certainly yield to my friend.
Those laws, then, are invalidated by the
Legislature being adjudged not competent
to pass them. If the case thus decided by
the State courts determining the validity of
j the Legislature be one involving any rights
secured under the Constitution of the United
I States, or acts of Congress, or treaties, then
I it may be removed to the Supreme Court of
< the United States, and there finally decided,
j As suggested by the gentleman from Vermont,
i [Mr. Poland,] it is a judicial question. It
goes from court to court till it reaches the
court of last resort. By necessity the ques-
tions must be numerous which would at once
arise, which would draw in question the laws
and Constitution of the United States, and
hence speedily the question must be presented
to that high tribunal, to which I trust all will
be r ady to submit, which of these two Legis-
latures it is that is organized so in conformity
to the Constitution and laws, which all admit
i to be valid, binding, and in force, and repub-
lican and completely sufficient, if only resorted
j to and enforced, to elect and carry on a per-
I feet State government, and under which all
admit a valid government, even including
Legislature and Governor, has been elected,
j But sir, it is insisted that the courts and
: State tribunals are wholly precluded in a case
i like what I have said is now the case of Louis-
; iana from entering upon the question, which
i of two sitting bodies is the legal Legislature;
[ that that is a political question for the Con-
I gress to decide, as held in Luther vs. Borden.
Now, sir, right here it is that the confusion
seems to rae to arise. I assert that the Luther
case decides the precise reverse. Most true
it is that the courts cannot try the validity of
a statute upon which the rights of a suitee in
court depend by calling witnesses into court
and trying who was elected t« the Legislature
| which made the alleged law. But the courts
■ must and do determine when the question is
presented to them in a proper case, and when
two bodies, both assuming to have passed
opposite laws, or both assuming to impose on
citizens conflicting allegiance and opposite
legal duties, which of the two alleged Legis-
latures or governments was the legal one, or
the one to which the citizen owes obedience.
This most be so from the necessity of the case,
for the courts must decide between them, and
both cannot be valid. This does not require
the courts to try "or contest who was elected,
but only which body is organized or acting
under the forms of existing organic and stat-
ute law. And that the State courts may and
must decide when the case is made in court
which of two governments is the legal one
was expressly decided, or rather affirmed, in
the Luther case.
In speaking of the force of the former de-
cisions by the courts of Rhode Island under
the old charter government, and which had
decided the identical question, namely, that
the charter government was, and the Dorr gov-
ernment was not the valid State government,
the Supreme Court says:
"The point then raised here hag been alroady
decided by the courts of Rhode Island. The ques-
tion relates altogether to the constitution and laws
of that S'ate, and tbe well-settled rale in this court
is that the courts of the United States adopt and fol-
low the decisions of the State courts in questions
which concern merely the constitution ana laws of
the State. Upon what ground could the cirouit
court of the United States which tried this case have
departed from this rule, and disregarded and over-
ruled the decisions of the courts of Rhode Island ?
Undoubtedly the courts of tbe United States havo
certain powers, under the Constitution and laws of
the United States, which do not belong to State
courts; but the power of determining that a State
government has been lawfully established which the
courts of the State disown and repudiate is not one
of them. Upon such a question the courts of the
United States are bound to follow the decisions of
the State tribunals, and must therefore regard the
charter government as the lawful and established
government during the time of this contest."
Now, Mr. Speaker, incontestably this must
be good law, where the case is one such as
we now deal with, where all parties confess
that the State has one, and but one valid and
republican constitutional frame of laws, State
officers, courts, &c., and these all in full force,
and that a legal election was held in Novem-
ber and somebody was legally elected Gov-
ernor, and that one, and but one Legislature
was legally elected. And the sole question is,
who was that Governor so elected, and what
that Legislature there; the State must decide
who was so elected, and which body was
legally organized according to law. This pre-
, sents no case of a loss of a State government
' where, under the fourth section of the fourth
: article of the Constitution the United States may
intervene. It is a mere contested-election case,
that we may not try, and the courts and two
houses of the Legislature may. It is only
where two distinct, complete, independent, but
conflicting governments claim existence in a
; State that the Supreme Court says it is for
i Congress to decide which is the established
j one, and is not in a case of a mere contest
, of election under a government, and an elec-
tion which both parties admit to be a valid
government and a valid election.
Mr. ELDREDGE rose.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to ask my col-
league [Mr. Shellabarger] whether any
court in that State, either a Federal court or a
! State court, has original jurisdiction to de-
I termine the organization of the State Legisla-
ture?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. If the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredge] will allow
me I will answer my colleague's question.
Mr. HO AK. I desire also to ask tbe gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Shellabarger] whether
Judge Taney did not expressly assert that it
i did not belong to the Supreme Court to decide
a question of this nature ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. My colleague
[Mr, Binghau] asks me whether the Congress
of the United States or the Federal Govern-
ment of the United States had the right to
decide the question, "which of two Legislatures
is the right Legislature?"
Mr. BINGHAM. My colleague has mis-
taken my question. It was whether either a
State court or a Federal court has the right
under any law to determine the organization
of the State Legislature.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will answer
my colleague's question.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Mr. Speaker, who is
entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredge] has been recog-
nized.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I look upon the ques-
tion presented to this House by the resolution
and this discussion as one of the most im-
portant which can possibly engage its atten-
tion. The interference of the Federal Govern-
ment with the affairs of a State, and particu-
larly with State elections, it seems to me is a
matter of very great delicacy, and ought not to
be attempted without the clearest warrant and
authority for it that can be found in the Consti-
tution. To my mind no such case, no such state
of affairs, no such circumstances have arisen
as will warrant this Congress in interfering
with the affairs of Louisiana as proposed in
the resolution before the House. Let us stop;
let us hesitate ; let us consider.
Upon what ground do gentlemen seek to
justify themselves in this intervention in State
affairs ? There are provided for in and by the
Federal Constitution two cases where the
United States have the express right to inter-
fere. Those are clearly written in language
about which there need be no mistake. They
are in the fourth article, and are as follows :
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government,
and shall protect each of them against invasion, and
on application of the Legislature, or of the Execu-
tive, (when the Legislature cannot be oonvened,)
against domestio violence.'"
'Against invasion
and domestic vio-
lence.*1 The former should be constant, vol-
untary on the part of the Federal Government
and at all times surrounding the State. It
