]ol4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
disposition of that portion of the military res-
ervation at Port Ripley, Minnesota, which lies
east of the Mississippi river. •'
- The* question was upon agreeing to the sub-
stitute.
The substitute was read. The first section
directs the Secretary of War to sell at public
auction the whole or so much of the military
reservation at Fort Ripley, Minnesota, as may
no longer be required for military purposes.
The second section makes it the duty of the
Secretary of War to appoint a board of three
Army officers, which board shall appraise each
piece or parcel of land with- the buildings
tliereon before the same is offered for sale,
and that no sale shall be made at a price
less than two thirds of the appraised value.
The third section makes it the duty of the
Secretary of War to cause notice of sale to
be published in one of the principal news-
papers in the city of Washington, in two of
the principal newspapers in the State of Min-
nesota, and in one paper, if any there be,
in the county where the lots to be sold are
situated, or any county adjoining thereto, for
the space of sixty days prior to the sale.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill-as amended was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third' time, and passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, moved to re-
considered the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mi;. TYNER. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
MILITARY ROAD IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported back, with
a recommendation that it pass, the bill (H. R.
No. 2747) providing for the completion of the
military road from Santa F6 to Taos, in the
Territory of New Mexico.
The bill was read. It appropriates, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, $25,000 for the completion of
the military road from the city of Santa F6 to
Fernandez de Taos, in the Territory of New
Mexico, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of War.
Mr. RAN DALL. 1 make the point of order
that this bill contains an appropriation, and
must receive its first consideration in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The, SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order.
Mr. HOLM AN. I hope the point of order
will be reserved until any communication
which there may be from the Secretary of War
has been read.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. This is rec-
ommended by the Secretary of War.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I reserve my point.
I am willing to listen to any communication
irom the Secretary of War.
The Clerk read as follows:
War Department. February 6,1873.
,,Secretary of War has the honor to report to
^ 86 . Representative's, for the information
10ISI?K?etiOI\,MiAUary Affairs'that the pro-
1W,Vn fhaT111-?- from Santa Fe to
itV i Territory of New Mexico, it is believed
s™,? advanta.8e to the United States in the
improved communication between Sante Fc (the
-mlllta.ry forocs in New Mexico)
and ioit feu-land via the large town of Taos.
theone traveled by paymasters
nn tJt- °Jli0ers1.an<l troops, and used in trans-
' 2 i ° t S"IPi1 a between Santa Fe and Eort
Garland, instead of the very rough road and trails
TO qftf n'VTw" passed over- ©eeehap. 79, vol.
10,Stat,.page 30,. WM. M. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
Mr. RANDALL. If there is nothing further
than that in favor of this hill, I must insist
On my point. Is there no report?
Mr HARRIS, of Mississippi. There is no
written report from the committee.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The point
of order is sustained, and the bill goes to the
Committee of the Whole.
JONATHAN D. HALE.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, also, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 4028) for the relief of Jonathan
D. Hale; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the proper accounting officer of the Treasury
to pay, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to Jonathan D. Hale,
$4,775 in full for services rendered by him in
the late war as recruiting officer, scout, and
guide for the United States Army, and for two
horses lost in the service.
Mr. HOLMAN. I reserve a point of order
on this bill until the report is read. The bill
makes an appropriation, and quite ajarge one.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there is
no objection, the clerk will read the report.
The Clerk proceeded to read the report; but
before the reading was concluded,
Mr. HOLMAN said: I think that this
report ought to be printed : and therefore I
insist on my point of order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. If the gen-
tleman makes the point of order, I ask that
the bill be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar, and that the
bill and report be printed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
sustains the point of order. The bill will go
to the Committee of the Whole, and will be
printed with the report.
DR. MARY E. WALKER.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, reported
back adversely a bill (H. R. No. 2058) to pro-
vide for the payment of Dr. Mary E. Walker,
and moved that the same be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
BAY RIDGE, ETC., RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. SLOCUM, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 3645) to au-
thorize the Secretary of War to release the
right of way to the Bay Ridge and Seashore
Railroad Company of Long Island, over the
military reservation at Fort Hamilton, in the
State of New York, with the recommendation
that it do pass. The bill was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
empowers the Secretary of War to release to
the Bay Ridge and Seashore Railroad Com-
pany, its successors and assigns, a right of
way over the military reservation at Fort
Hamilton, in the State of New York, sub
ject to such restrictions as the Secretary of
War may think necessary to protect the inter-
est of the United States; provided that before
the execution of such release the railroad
company shall first pay into the Treasury of
the United States the value of such right of
way per acre as may be fixed by a board of
appraisers to be appointed by the Secretary
of War.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is that recommended by
the Secretary of War?
Mr. SLOCUM. This grants permission to
run across a narrow strip of the military reser-
vation at Fort Hamilton. It provides that it
shall not go there unless the Secretary of War
gives his consent, and it is to be located at such
place as he may designate. It further provides
that the parties are to pay the appraised value
before taking possession.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understood it gave the
right of way only conditioned upon the pay-
ment of the appraised value.
The bill was again reported.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out
" authorized " and insert in lieu thereof u in
his discretion."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALE OF PUBLIC I'llOPBRTY.
Mr. SLOCUM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 3279) to
amend an act entitled "An act to authorize the
sale of certain public property," approved
June 10, 1872, with an amendment.
The bill, which was read, in its first section
provides that nothing contained in the first
section of the act to authorize the sale of cer-
tain public property, approved June 10, 1872,
shall be so construed as to prevent the Secre-
tary of War from withdrawing any of the
property from sale in cases where, in his judg-
ment, the highest bid offered is insufficient or
unsatisfactory. The second section provides
that any of the property withdrawn from sale
under this act may be again offered, either at
public sale or by inviting proposals, after six
days' consecutive notice, fifteen days before
the day of sale, in the newspapers mentioned
in the act of which this is an amendment.
The amendment was read as follows:
Sec. 3. It shall be the duty of the Secretary of
War to appoint aboard of three Armyofficers, which
board shall appraise each piece or parcel of land,
with the buildings thereon, when the same is offered
for sale; and no sale shall be made at a price less
than two thirds of the appraised value.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. The act of the 10th of
June, 1872, referred to has not been read.
Perhaps the gentleman can explain it.
Mr. SLOCUM. The act to which that is
amendatory provides for the sale of certain
arsenals not needed by the Government. This
bill was prepared by the Secretary of War, he
having declined to act under the law passed in
1872, under the opinion he had no right to
withdraw property when it was once put up
for sale. He wished to have the option ot
withdrawing it when the price offered was too
low. The amendment provides for this dis-
cretion.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES 15. H. HOLMES.
Mr. SLOCUM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 4029) for the
relief of Charles B. H. Holmes, late sergeant
company E sixth regiment Maryland volun-
teers; which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Adjutant General of the Army to remove
the charge of desertion from the name of
Charles B. H. Holmes, late sergeant of com-
pany E, sixth regiment Maryland volunteers,
and grant him an honorable discharge.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read tlje third time, and passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SUBSISTENCE SUPPLIES.
Mr. SLOCUM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (H. R No. 3452) to
provide for the better care and protection of
subsistence supplies.
The bill was read. It authorizes and em-
powers the Secretary of War to select from
the sergeants of the line of the Army who
