214
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March.3,
Ho. of Eeps.
Sutro Tunnel—Mr, Sargent.
4 2d Cong....3d Sess.
Again, in the mineral States and Territories
a class of appropriations for harbor and river
improvements, for permanent fortifications,
&e., in which other States annually share, is
not needed, and in their stead it would seem
no more than right to make some provision for
what is really essential; and that is, aid in pro-
jects calculated to make miniug cheap, safe,
healthy, and systematic, and to take annually
from the earth hundreds of millions of gold
and silver where tens are now taken, and thus
add to the substantial and enduring wealth of
the nation.
Having the measure of confidence in the
Sutro tunnel and the high estimate of the
value of the increased knowledge of our min-
eral resources it will afford and the stimulus
it will give to mining industry throughout the
West, I cannot hesitate to think the passage of
this bill will be an act in the direct interest of
the people, and one that will bring an abundant
reward to the Government. If it shall at the
same time bring a fortune to Mr. Sutro I take
it that no fair-minded man, who ha3 noted the
intelligence, the energy, the patience, and the
pertinacity with which for long years he has
urged his great project upon public attention,
will have occasion for regret. He may be an
enthusiast, as some insist; but if this be so, let
us remember with Emerson that " every great
and commanding movement in the annals of
the world is the triumph of enthusiasm."
And now a word regarding the management
of the work to this time. With the method,
the skill, and the thoroughness with which it
has been prosecuted in every department and
at every step, I was most favorably impressed
by my personal observation but a little over
two months since. I found the tunnel open
for over three thousand feet, and walking
through it was surprised to see the care with
which it had been excavated and timbered.
Its width is sufficient to admit of a double track
for ore cars, and its height will insure ample
ventilation, while its grade is such as to afford
complete drainage.
The total length of the tunnel will be eight
miles. From its mouth to the Comstocklode,
which it will strike at a depth of two thousand
feet, the distance will be about four miles.
On this line four shafts are to be sunk, which,
at a depth varying from five hundred to fif-
teen hundred feet, will reach the tunnel level,
allowing the work to be prosecuted (after their
completion) from nine faces instead of one,
thus insuring a ninefold progress compared
with the present. These shafts are provided
with large hoisting engines, immense, pumps,
and extensive buildings, as during the sinking
of the shafts and the construction of the tun-
nel, from the bottom of these, the rock exca-
vated has to be hoisted, while the works must
be kept clear of water, the removal of which
forms the largest expenditure in the construc-
tion of the tunnel. The great amount of
machinery employed all along the line neces-
sitates constant repairs, and a machine-shop
provided with all manner of tools is located
at the mouth of the tunnel, while other struc-
tures too numerous to be mentioned have
been erected at various points, and for much
of the time during the past year a force of five
to six hundred men has been engaged in active
operations upon the tunnel.
The Engineering and Mining Journal, of
New York, than which there is no better
authority upon all that relates to mining in
this country, in a review of the recent annual
' report of the Sutro Tunnel Company, used
the following complimentary language, which
more than confirms all I have said of the man-
agement :
"We need not repeat what we have frequently had
occasion to point out, that this is one of the greatest
and most important mining enterprises ever under-
taken in the world. As an engineering plan we
have always given it our hearty approbation, we
think it ought to be carried out, as it would greatly
benefit the mining industry." * * * *
"The progress thus far made appears to bo de-
cidedly creditable to the projector and engineers of
the work. The organization of the office seems effi-
cient, and the work has progressed so far withfew
delays.* In fact the progress made is very flatter-
ing, and if the coming work answers the expectation
formed of it we shall have had in this country one
example at least of a well-conducted great mining
enterprise on the largest scale."
In conclusion, I will suggest to those gentle-
men who seem to think the granting of Gov-
ernment aid to mining enterprises a new and
unheard-of thing that nearly every Govern-
ment of the Old World has repeatedly given
such aid, and that the most sagacious states-
men and writers have advised it as a matter
of official duty. So long ago as 1733 a Ger-
man author of distinction proclaimed it a
necessity to the maintenance of mining, and
thus advised his sovereign:
" The sovereign should afford tho mino and those
who work it all facilities, endue them with gracious
privileges, without which mining cannot bo main-
tained; proteot tho works, and show himself most
benignant to them, in order to encourage them."
And again:
" The sovereign should, from his own treasury or
otherwise, provide the moans of driving deop tun-
nels, which are tho heart of mining, ana for keep-
..m.™ that the mountains may
nig tho same in good repair, tt
be oonveniently laid opon for
mining.1
Sutro Tunnel.
SPEECH! OF HON. A. A. SARGENT,
OP CALIFORNIA,
In the House op Representatives,
March 3, 1873,
On the bill (H. R. No. 1173) to aid in the construc-
tion of tho Sutro tunnel from tho prooeeds of the
sale of mineral lands.
Mr. SARGENT. In the eager pressure of
legislation, the clamor of rifel schemes for
relief or subsidies from the national Treasury,
it is well for the Representatives of the people
to occasionally pause and note the financial
standing of the country. During four years
past, up to a recent date, the enormous debt
of the country has been in the process of ex-
tinction. In comparison with its bulk the
reduction has been small, and yet it was pro-
nounced and definite, and there was hope that
this generation even could afford to throw off
still heavy burdens of taxation without a sacri-
fice of national credit. I call the serious
attention of the House to the fact that the
debt statement of the Treasury for December
last, instead of showing the usual monthly
decrease of from one to fourteen millions,
shows an increase of debt on interest account
of about one and a half millions. For Jan-
uary there was another exhibit of an increase
of about half a million. We are not yet in
possession of the facts for February. I trust
the balance has run the other way, but it may
not be so. Why is this? The revenues of the
Government have not fallen off. The execu-
tive department has not sustained losses or
made defalcations. But our legislation has
sanctioned numerous drafts on the Treasury,
some of doubtful expediency, and thus the
reduction of the debt has been arrested and
the return to specie payments postponed.
a warning.
Here is a warning of an impressive charac-
ter which should lead us to scrutinize with care
all these multiform schemes to fleece the Treas-
ury. The most persistently pressed scheme I
have known in my legislative experience is
this subsidy for the Sutro tunnel; and it is one
of the most insidious. Year after year it is
urged upon us with all the arts known to accom-
plished and practiced lobbyists. A mere pri-
vate speculation is made to do duty as a public
enterprise, and fabulous national good is pre-
dicted confidently of a scheme artfully designed
to serve selfish ends. I confess to a degree of
admiration for the restless energy that never
accepts defeat, and for the ingenuity that hides
the deformity of selfishness under a mask of
disinterestedness. One half of the persistency
employed to get money for the Sutro tunnel
out of the national Treasury would bring twice
the amount asked for from private capitalists
if these could be convinced that the glowing
stories we are expected to believe are true.
« constitutional considerations.
But suppose we believe all the air-drawn
fancies of the agent of this private corpora-
tion, how have we advanced one step toward
opening to him the national Treasury ? Can
any gentleman find any warrant in the Con-
stitution for loaning two millions of money,
the product of taxation levied for public uses,
to a private individual or corporation ? There
is no such warrant in that instrument, and
there is no precedent for such a measure; end
we violate our oaths to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States by so diverting the
public moneys to private and selfish uses. I
must believe there is too much old-fashioned
respect for organic law and for solemn oaths
in this body to suppose that any scheme, how-
ever gilded and sugared, can be sanctioned
that is in disregard of our primary obliga-
tions. Besides, where can we stop if we pass
the line between the use of public money for
public purposes and the granting or loaning it
for individual schemes ? On this side is safety,
on that national bankruptcy, increased and
unjust burdens on the people, discontent and
disgrace. It is to take the children's food and
cast it to the dogs. The people will watch our
doings and hold us to responsibility. It will
be no sufficient .answer that a polished and
insinuating lobbyist tempted us ; that we could
not resist the glitter of gilt-edged, meretricious
literature which piled our desks, or that reed-
bird suppers and champagne were more potent
than constitutional obligations.
You regret your Pacific railroad subsidies,
which have opened up to settlement the lands
of a trackless wilderness, poured agricultural
wealth into the lap of the nation, and bound
it together with iron bands. You refuse to
grant a money subsidy to ocean lines of
steamships, which vitalize and increase our
commerce with foreign nations and build up
our commercial marine. Shall you then give
a great money subsidy, $2,000,000, in addition
to a land subsidy already given, and extraor-
dinary privileges worth millions per annum, to
enable a foreign-owned scheme to deplete the
mine owners of ilie great Comstock lode of the
mineral wealth which they now profitably
extract from the earth ?
wild speculation.
The bill reported by the majority of the
Miniug Committee takes $2,000,000 out of the
national Treasury to pay a California corpora-
tion to run a mining tunnel and build quartz
mills. For this novel purpose is the Govern-
ment to expend its money. There is no obli-
gation in the bill to pay back this money
under twenty years, or to pay the interest as
it accrues. The very question is raised here
that has recently been discussed in both Houses
of Congress in the Pacific railroad cases,
except that in the bill of the cotflimittee there
is no pretense that the corporation getting the
money is to pay the interest as it becomes due
and is paid by the Government. The provis-
ion for paying over to the Government a part
of the net proceeds in liquidation of its claim
is a delusion. Every one knows how easily
accounts are manipulated. There never will
be any net proceeds. The corporation is in
too many kinds of business to be a safe debtor,
and it has too many facilities for hiding its
profits, if it ever has any. The book which I
