1873.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
1515
shall have faithfully served therein five years,
three years of which in the grade of non-com-
missioned officer, as many commissary ser-
geants as the service may require, not to
exceed one for each military post or place of
deposit of subsistence supplies, whose duty it
shall be to receive and preserve the subsist-
ence supplies at the posts, under the direction
of the proper officers of the subsistence de-
partment, and under such regulations as shall
be prescribed by the Secretary of War. The
commissary sergeants hereby authorized shall
be subject to the rules and articles of war,
and shall receive for their services the same
pay and allowances as ordnance sergeants.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SANTA FE MILITARY ROAD.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to withdraw the
point of order I raised against the bill (H. R.
No. 2747) providing for the completion of the
military road from Santa F6 to Taos, in the
Territory of New Mexico. The Delegate from
that Territory has given me, as far as he is
able in the English language, a full statement
as to the necessitry for the construction of that
road, with which I am quite satisfied.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The gentle
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] with-
draws the point of order on which the bill
was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar. Is there objection
to the Committee of the Whole being dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
bill in order that it may be brought back to
the House for present consideration?
Mr. SLOCUM. I claim the floor. I object
to this proceeding; I am not to be taken off
the floor in this manner.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. DICKEY. I insist that no busines shall
be transacted here without a quorum.
Mr. SLOCCJM. I have several bills to re-
port from the Committee on Military ASairs;
and having the misfortune to be a Democrat,
with my other Democratic colleague I have
been placed at the bottom of the list, and have
not had the same opportunity of reporting bills
as other members of the committee. My col-
league and myself have been kept waiting two
years for an opportunity to make reports, and
now when we have that opportunity at ten
o'clock at night, a fellow Democrat rises to
take me off the floor.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to say a single
word in explanation. A short time ago I did
an injustice to the Delegate from New Mexico,
[Mr. (tallbgos.] If I have learned anything
under the teachings of Democracy it is always
♦o seek to corrrct a wrong. I have therefore
asked that the House reconsider the action it
took on my objection, now that I have become
satisfied that I did a wrong. If the gentleman
says that that is not Democracy, then he does
not belong to the party.
Mr. SLOCUM. I wish to hold the floor if
I can. And I ask the Chair if I have the
right to do so.
The SPE A KER pro tempore. The gentle -
manfrom New York [Mr. Slocum] objects to
the Committee of the Whole being discharged
from the consideration of the bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Then the responsibility
of that objection does not rest with me.
Mr. SLOCUM. I take the responsibility.
LOUISIANA INDEPENDENT SCOUTS.
Mr. SLOCUM also, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with_ the rec-
ommendation that it do not pass, the bill (H. R.
No. 1970) to grant a bounty to the non-com-
missioned officers and privates of the first
regiment of Louisiana independent scouts,
and move that the committee be discharged
from the_ further consideration of the same,
and that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ARSENALS, ETC.
Mr. SLOCUM also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, with an amendment, the bill
(H. R. No. 3434) to provide for the establish-
ment of a large arsenal of construction and
repair, a powder depot and a proving ground,
at suitable points east of the Alleghany mount-
ains, and for the discontinuance and disposal
of some of the smaller arsenals.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Presi-
dent of the United Staets to designate a board,
to consist of three officers of the ordnance
department, to examine the most suitable
sites east of the Alleghany mountains for the
location of a large arsenal of construction and
repair, a powder depot, and a proving ground
for heavy ordnance, respectively; and that
the board be directed to report to Congress,
at the session beginning the first Monday in
December, 1873, the result of their examina-
tions, particularly designating the sites ex-
amined by them, with the comparative ad-
vantages of each as a site for an arsenal, a
powder depot, or a proving ground, as the
case may be, and furnishing an estimate show-
ing the amount necessary for purchasing each
and erecting all necessary buildings thereon.
The second section provides that the board
shall report to Congress at its next session
such arsenals as in their opinion should be
abolished, suggesting the best mode of dis-
posing of the same.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read as follows :
At the end of the bill add the following:
And no site for a new arsenal shall be purchased
until all arsenals not required for Government pur-
poses shall have been sold.
Mr. CONGER. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Slocum] to strike out
the words "east of the Alleghany mount-
ains."
Mr. SLOCUM. This is a bill not to erect
an arsenal or storehouse, but to appoint a
board to report to next Congress. I would
not myself recommend the building of a large
arsenal. I do not think we need it. The War
Department asks to have aboard appointed to
report to the next Congress on the propriety
of the measure, and I think it proper that that
should be granted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES PROBST.
Mr. SLOCUM also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 4030) to
pay Charles Probst for supplies furnished in
New Mexico during the late rebellion ; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to pay to
Charles Probst, of New Mexico, the amount
which shall upon proof satisfactory to the
Commissionary General be shown to be due
him for subsistence and stores furnished the
militia of New Mexico in 1862.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SANTA FE MILITARY ROAD.
On motion of Mr. RANDALL the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union
were discharged from thefurther consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 2747) providing for tlio
completion of the military road from Santa F6
to Taos, in the Territory of New Mexico, and
the same passed.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXPENSES OF WAR OF 1812.
Mr. TERRY also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with amendments, the bill
(H. R. No. 2354) to provide for the recom-
putation of the accounts between the United
States and the several States growing out of
moneys expended by said States in the war
of 1812.
The bill was read. It authorizes and in-
structs the proper accounting officers to exam-
ine the accounts between the United States and
the several States, growing out of moneys
expended by such States for military purposes
in the war of 1812 with Great Britain, and
apply in each examination the provisions and
principles of the twelfth section of the act of
March 3, 1857, making appropriations for
certain civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending_ June 30, 1858, and provides
that there be paid to such States any sums that
shall be found to be due them out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The amendments reported by the committee
were to insert in line five, after the word
" States," the words " and city of Baltimore."
After the word " States," in line six, to insert
the words " said city." In line thirteen, after
the word "States," insert the words "and
said city of Baltimore." And add the follow-
ing proviso to the bill:
That the payment of the said sums so found to
be due shall be in full satisfaction and discharge of
all claims made by the said States or either of them
and by the said city ot Baltimore against the United
States, growing out of aDy expenditures by the said
States or city in the war of 1812-15.
Mr. BURCHARD. This is a very import-
ant bill and it should not be passed without
some explanation. It seems to me to be a
jreneral bill reviewing the accounts of the
States against the General Government in
past years, and I think we should have some
explanation of it.
Mr. TERRY. I ask the previous question
on the bill.
Mr. BURCHARD. I hope the previous
question will not be sustained.
The question was put on seconding the
previous question; and on a division, there
were—ayes 61, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that by unanimous
consent the previous question be seconded
and a motion entered to reconsider the vote
by which it is seconded, so that the bill may
come up to-morrow morning in a full House.
Mr. BURCHARD. I object; no quorum
voted on the last vote.
Tellers were ordered on seconding the pre-
vious question; and Mr. Perky and Mr.
Burchard were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
ayes 54, noes 21; no quorum voting.
Mr. MERRIAM, I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
39, noes 45.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. I again make the sugges-
tion, that for the purpose of having this bill
