1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Sutro Funnel—Mr. Sargent.
Ho. of Reps.
hold in my hand purports to be the report of
the superintendent of the Sutro Tunnel Com-
pany for the year ending November, 1872.
By this book it appears that the company is en-
gaged in town-lot speculations, and that they
are buying up ranches on both sides of the Car-
son river and locating iron and lime deposits.
The superintendent gravely advises the con-
struction of a .railroad thirty-five miles long
to Wadsworth. By his report the company
we in the business of brick-making, and are
to go into the manufacture of lime. " RSduc-
tion and concentration works" are in the plan
of operations. Bridge and wagon-road build-
ing figures in the operations of this ubiquitous
company. Then there is a magnificent set of
water works in contemplation, &c. George
Law was not a heavier speculator, and the
South sea bubble was not more chimerical than
this corporation and its glowing programme,
by which a tunnel is to be run, with money
borrowed from the Government, to mines not
one foot of which belongs to the tunnelers,
and by which cities are to be removed, rail-
roads constructed, ranches cultivated, iron and
quartz worked, and fabulous profits derived.
No one can read this report, which was evi-
dently written with a view to congressional
perusal, without seeing this thing as it is—a
grand speculative contrivance. It isin evidence
in the case, if anything is, that millions of
paid up capital stock of the corporation have
been issued; enough to build the tunnel and
all its branches. What has been done with it?
In these days of Credit Mobilier and other
scandals a searching congressional investiga-
tion as to the ownership of the Sutro tunnel
stock and the manner in which both stock and
construction money have been expended, and
whether or not congressional legislation has
been influenced thereby, might let in some light
on the general subject.
english capitalists interested.
There are several prominent objections to
the scheme aside from the illegal attempt to
divert public funds from legitimate purposes
into the coffers of its projectors. One is that
it is in the hands of English capitalists. By
Sutro's showing, of the$l,500,000sofarmvest-
ed in the tunnel, $1,450,000 were raised in Eng-
land. It is to these foreigners we intrust the
public money. Sut that is wot the worst of it.
Whoever ownes the Sutro tunnel will own the
Comstock lode. This Sutro well understands,
and incautiously letoutinaspeech at Gold Hill,
wherein he asserted that those who build the
tunnel "will own the mines!" Keeping in
mind that these mines are worth millions, that
they have been bought by their present owners
of the Government and paid for, that neither
Sutro nor his associates own any interest in
these mines, it will be seen that a gigantic
black-mailing scheme is in progress, which Con-
gress is asked to assist. The owners of the
tunnel could not get the mines if the tunnel
would help the owners of the mines to work
them more profitably. There is the deception
in the case, as carefully concealed as possible.
The commissioners appointed by the Govern-
ment say in their report that it will cost $'37,-
108 48 more to work the mines through the
tunnel to the extent of the present yield than
it does by the present system; and it woulci
cost proportionally for a greater yield, Vy
an artfully contrived statute, passed without
observation several years ago, the Sutro cor-
poration has a royalty of two dollars per ton
on all the quartz taken from the mines after
the tunnel is completed, whether the tunnel is
used or not, or $731,200 on the present yield
for doing nothing; and here is the frightful
leverage by which the ownership ot these valu-
able mines is to be changed, and Sutro's boast
fulfilled. The commissioners say:
" If we assume what appears from the reports and
from other sources as an average yield of the mines:
namely, 365,600 tons annually, the cost for certain
items of expense by tlie present method of working
will be as follows :
Hoisting 365,600 tons of pay ore, at 51,17
cents  $187,077 52
Transportation of same to mills, at
$1 50  548,400 00
Pumping for last year, (commission's *
estimate)  124,674 00
Hoisting and lowering#,000 miners, at 8
cents each way, or 16 cents each  175,000 00
Total $1,035,15* 52
" In considering the cost of operating the mines
by tho tunnel, it must be stated that, under the pro-
visions of tho act of Congress approved July 25,
1866, tho tunnel company is authorized to collect
i'rom all the companies mining upon the Comstock
lode a royalty of two dollars per ton for each and
every ton of oro taken from tho mines after the tun-
nel shall be connected with them, whether the.tun-
nel be used by the mines or not; -that a tariff of
twenty-five cents per ton per mile (or such lesser
sum as may be agreed upon) for the transportation
through the tunnel may be established; also a
charge of twenty-five cents each way for every man
connected with the mines who is carricd through the
tunnel. The oost of working the mines through the
tunnel, as compared with the same items as given
above for working by the present method, may then
be stated as follows:
Lowering 365,600 tons pay-ore to tunnel level, at
10 cents  $Sb,560
Transportation of same an average of
five miles, at $1 25  4o7,000
Transportation of 3,000 workmen, at 50
conts=§i,500 per day  547,500
1,041,060
To this should be added tho royalty of
&2 per ton, which for tho averago pro-
duction of 365,600 will amount to  731,200
Which makes a total of. $1,772,260
" The item of drainage is not included in tho above,
as tho tunnel will thoroughly drain all tho mines
connected with it without cost. This is not a favor-
able showing for the economy of working by the
tunnel."
A glance at these figures will show that the
completion of this tunnel, with the royalty
given by former legislation, will freeze^ out
the Comstock mine owners and givo a fright-
ful monopoly to this corporation. The matter
becomes more serious when it is remembered
that the Sutro corporation is in the hands of
foreigners. England has used every commer-
cial art to get control of the silver of Mexico
and South America. This scheme gives to it
the control of the noblest mines of our own,
and Congress is asked to help the transfer.
If Congress did its duty it would not only
refuse to appropriate money, as asked by this
bill, but it would do the justice to the mine
owners of repealing the law that enforces a
penalty of two dollars a ton on all their ore
for the benefit of a tunnel that they will not
use if allowed to work in their own more
economical way.
destroy millions op property.:
Another objection to this bill is that the
construction of the Sutro tunnel will destroy
the towns of Virginia City and Gold Hill,
$2,000,000 worth of mill property on the Car-
son, and a railroad constructed to take ore
from the shafts to the mills. The total de-
struction of property will not be less than
from twelve to twenty million dollars. _Mr.
Poster, one of the Government commission-
ers, testified on this point before the Commit-
tee on Mines and Mining, and I give a few
extracts from his testimony:
" Mr Sutro. General, do you know who.aro op-
nosed to the tunnel, or at least who arc charged with
being opposed to it over there by these people you
socakof? Who is at the bottom of it 1
" Mr. Foster. If you want a straightforward
Virginia City, those that have money invested m
Iho mills around there, tho Bank of California,
through its agent, and the railroad company.
* * * * * * * *.}:*
'•Question. Well, then, the opposition to it is by
the Bank of California, by the railroad. a.nd bytho
mills, v.'bioh means the Bank of California,.and by
some people who own town lots in Virginia Cits.
Bo you know why theso people are opposed to:it!
"Auwcr. Well, they say that it will render their
property comparatively valueless.
" Question. Because the town would move away
from there?
"Answer. Yes, sir; beoause the workmen would
have to go to the mouth of the tunnel.
"Question. Well, it is about thesamesort of oppo-
sition that men who own a toll-road would make
against ft railroad, because it would diminish the
value of their property ? . . .
" Mr. Sakobnt. How large a town is Virginia
City?
14 Mr. Foster. I should say it had about three
thousand inhabitants.
"Mr. Sargent. 0, it has a great deal more than
that. It is a large mining town, isn't it?
44 Mr. Sutro. I suppose there are six thousand
people there.
"Mr. Foster. In Virginia City ?
"Mt.Sutro. Yes; I suppose there are.
" Mr. Foster; You mean Gold Hill and everything
included, I suppose?
" Mr. Sutuo. No, sir.
" Mr. Sargent. The result would be to destroy
all tho property there. Then,,aside from those
great values, how about thoso mills that are used,
under present circumstances, upon Carson river?
Thoso are considerable, I suppose. Then this rail-
road that has been built; that Would bo useless,
■would it not?
"Mr. Foster. That would become comparatively
useless. , , .
"Question. So that by running that tunnel in there
all those persons owning theso property interests
would have them destroyed?
"Answer. Yos, sir,
"Question. Do you see anything unnatural, then,
in their opposition to the project?
"Anawer, No, sir; nothing at all.
"Mr. Sutro. General Foster, don't you think
that some day there will be an end to mining ai
Virginia City, tho way they are doing it now t
"Answer. No, sir; not at all. They can go down
four thousand feet."
But "in exchange for all this property so
destroyed a rival town is to be built up at the
mouth of the tunnel called Sutro, and this is
part of the speculation. Dickens's Eden was
not more gorgeously advertised than this min-
ing metropolis of the future, that is to grow
fat by swallowing its competitors. The finest
reduction works in the world are to be aban-
doned that Sutro's mills may do their business.
Is this wise or just? There certaioly should
be controlling reasons to authorize congres-
sional sanction of a scheme that thus beggars
thousands that a few may thrive by monopoly.
And that brings the question, is the tunnel
needed ?
is tunnel necessary fob drainage.
There are three reasons given why the tun-
nel is necessary. First, that it is needed for
drainage; second, tor ventilation; third, to
deliver low grade ores. Bach of these points
is fully considered and reported on by tlie Gov-
ernment commissioners, and their report is
adverse on each of them. On the point of
drainage I cite their report:
"Drainage.—In the early days of mining upon the
Comstock much trouble was experienced trom water
which accumulated in tho mines and occasioned tho
necessity for powerful and expensive machinery tor
drainage. When, therefore, the tunnel was pro-
posed, it was looked upon as an important accessory
to further mining operations in affording a ready and
effective means of draining the ledge without the re -
course to costly mechanical contrivances, it was; then
assumed, naturally enough, that tho lower the depth
the greater the amount of water to contend against;
and serious doubts appear to have been entertained
of the possibility of freeing the mines from water by
mechanical moans. The construction of the tunnel
seemed, therefore, a necessity. But as greater depths
were attained it was discovered that the water, in-
stead of permeatingthe earth to an indefinite extent,
was mainly confined to near the surface; that below
a few hundred feet it was struck in limited quantities
only it was also discovered that this water, instead
of being generally diffused, was collected m pockets
bounded by impermeable seams of clay, which, when
pierced, had only to be drained to exhaust the sup-
nlv As the mining operations have increased m
depth, these pockets or reservoirs have become less
frequent and formidable, till in many of the deepest
the water is not only not troublesome, but is found
in less quantity than is needed for the purposes ot
tho mines themselves, thus necessitating the pur-
chase of water from the company which furnish w
the same to tho inhabitants of Gtold Hill,and Vir-
ginia City, or from other and wetter mines. 15y
reference to tho statements of the superintendents,
appended to this report, it will be seen that the oost
of pumping for all the mines did not probably ex-
ceed $150,000 for the past year, and that m some of
them there was no water at all. lhissum oxceods,
that arrived at by the commission, namely,
which was obtained by taking the costs as given
