216
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GrLOBE.
["March33
Ho. of Reps.
Sutro Tunnel—Mr. Sargent.
42d Cong....3d
for the mines, so far as reported, and estimating for-
the others.
" Taking, then, the observations of the commis-
sion in connection with the statements of the super-
intendents of the mining companies, we are of the
opinion that the tunnel for this purpose alone is not
a necessity for the drainage of the Comstock lode.
That it will eifectirely drain all those with which it
shall be connected is obvious; but the same result
can be attained by present means at less cost—a cost
which, moreover, promises to become still smaller
as the mines progress in depth."
Nothing need be added to this. In Europe
when the mines are extremely wet and ma-
chinery cannot be constructed of sufficient
strength and capacity to free them, tunnels of
great length are run, and are necessary, to carry
off the water, and cases exist where longer
tunnels than this are constructed to drain a
few hundred feet of backs or altitude. But
where, as in the case of the Comstock, the
water is all near the surface, and the mines
below that are dry, a drain tunnel is an
unnecessary cost.
OE FOB VENTILATION?
On the point of ventilation the commission
are also explicit that the tunnel is not a
necessity. They say:
" Ventilation.—At the time the tunnel was pro-
jected, and the act of Congress of July25,1866, was
passed, the mines on the Comstock lode were un-
doubtedly much embarrassed in their operations by
the Jack of proper ventilation. The atmosphere in
tbeirstopes and drifts was hot and stagnant, and any
relief, such as was promised by the tunnel, might
well be viewed as indispensable by the mining au-
thorities and miners to the further prosecution of
their search for the preoious metals. A stagnant
atmosphere and a temperature of over one hundred
degrees might well occasion misgivings of success in
their attempts upon the lower and therefore hotter
levels. At that time each mine was worked inde-
pendently of the others, upon its own ground, with
its single shaft forming the only communication be-
tween its stopes ar.d drifts and the surface. With-
out the aid of mechanical ventilation, it is not sur-
prising that, at a depth of three or four hundred feet
even, the air of the mines should have severely
taxe'l the ipiners' powers, and induced the belief
that further search into the heated bowels of the
earth would be impossible, unless some artificial
aid, such as the proposed tunnel promised to
aftord, should be provided.
"But this very necessity for an improved and
increased ventilation indicated one of the means by
which it might, in a great degree at any rate, be
accomplished. The drifts of contiguous mines wore
connected together, an air current was established
down the shaft of one and up the other, passing in
its transit through such of the drifts, stopes, and
winzes as were between them, thus purifying and
cooling the atmosphere in those parts of both. For
the portions of the mines which were influenced
imperfectly or not at all by the current of air thus
established, recourse was had to blowers operated by
the steam power employed in hoisting. JBy means
of these blowers ai'could be forced through pipes to
all parts of the mines not affected sufficiently by the
natural ventilation established by the subterranean
connection just alluded to. At the time of our
visit the mines were generally well ventilated, and
the miners with w'aom we conversed did not com-
plain ; and in the cases in which a more effoetivo
change of air was needed steps were being taken to
accomplish it.
"It is, therefore, the opinion of the commission
that, while the proposed tunnel would increase and
improve the venti ation of the mines arid possibly
dispense with the use of some part of the means
for artificial ventilation now employed, it is not a
necessity for venHation. Even with all the aid
that the tunnel can be expected to afford it is the
opinion of the commission that mechanical venti-
lation by blowers, operated by steam or other power,
would still be needed at the headings and in the
stopes where the air from the tunnel would not
penetrate.
"According to natural laws, as at present under-
stood and received, the air entering the proposed
tunnel would pass through it and up the shafts of
the mines by the easiest and therefore by the most
direct channels, ..hereby conferring little if any
benefit upon the stopes and drifts not in the line of
such direct transit. Hence the necessity which is
assumed for a continuance of mechanical ventilation
for oertain portioas of the mines after the com-
pletion of the tunnel."
In fact, the quantity of air the tunnel would
supply would be totally inadequate to the
needs of the extensive excavations in the
mines. Mr. Luckhardt, a scientific and ex-
perienced witness, testified before the Mining
Committee as follows:
" If you distribute the quantity of air, the bulk
of air that goes through the tunnel, if you distribute
that through all these apertures, you won't derive
muoh benefit from it."
The present mode, that gives the excellent
ventilation referred to by the commission, is
to connect the frequent vertical shafts by hori-
zontal drifts. But miners well know that air
escapes through the first aperture, and the air
going in at the mouth of the tunnel would rise
at the first shaft in the tunnel. If you cover
over all the tunnel shafts the air would be
delivered at the mines heated by a passage
of miles through a tunnel the near end of
which would be two thousand feet below the
surface, and the whole volume of air would
rush up the first shaft it encountered in the
mines, instead of distributing itself for miles
each way through lateral drifts. By the pres-
ent system the cool mountain air is contin-
ually taken down by scores of shafts facilitat-
ing its entrance and exit. But ventilation by
the tunnel can only be carried on in any de-
gree by vertical shafts, and to sink and main-
tain these shafts the present machinery must
be employed. The commissioners say the
shafts do away with the necessity for the tun-
nel ; but the tunnel does not do away with the
necessity for the shafts. So far as ventilation
is concerned, therefore, the tunnel is an ex-
pensive superfluity. But some of these shafts
are already below the level of the tunnel, as
the Imperial, for instance; and the evidence
is that they all will be before the tunnel can
be finished. What' then becomes of the tun-
nel as a ventilating power? Of course it can-
not ventilate below its own level; that must
be done from the surface of the earth and by
the present system.
LOW-GKADK ORES.
Keeping in view the figures I have cited
from the commissioners' report as to the cost
of working under the present system and after
the tunnel is built, showing that the cost will
be increased under the latter over seven hun-
dred thousand dollars for the quantity of ore
now extractedror over forty per cent, of in-
creased cost caused by the tunnel to the miners,
it is evident that instead of the tunnel facili-
tating the extraction of low-grade ores it will
be prohibitory to the working of ores of as
low grade as are now extracted. Only the
richest ores can stand an increase of forty per
cent, in the cost of mining. It is idle to
assume that this enormous added cost will be
compensated for by the superior machinery
and skill at the reduction works to be erected
with Government money at the town of Sutro.
The finest machinery that genius and skill
have ever invented and the highest practical
science known in the world are employed in
the reduction works on the Carson river. An
energetic writer in one of the papers in the
mining belt thus expresses himself upon the
points I am discussing:
"First, there is not, amine in Europe that is half
as scientifically worked as the Comstock; second,
there is no place on earth where silver ores are more
successfully reduced than about the Comstock:
third, all the water in the Comstock is surface wator,
and is needed for the hoisting works on the mine.
The bottom of the mine is as dry as a bed of ashes;
fourth, ore can be raised infinitely cheaper than it
can berun through the Sutro tunnel, andwhen raised
secures a down grade to the reduction works; fifth,
the success of the Sutro tunnel means the destruc-
tion of Virginia City and Gold Hill.
"Of all the thieving bills ever putbefore Congress
this is the very chiet. It in effect is simply an at-
tempt to put tho Comstock vein under thecontrol of
a foreign corporation. Other great monopolies carry
good to thousands beside those directly benefited.
With this there can no good result to others, but on
the other hand incalculable harm, and the Govern-
ment is asked to assist in the iniquity. .The mine is
now explored below where this tunnol will penetrate
it. It cannot answer one purpose for which it was
originally designed, except to insure a gigantic rob-
bery to fill the coffers of the Israelite who proposed
it and his friends."
DANGEB FROM EARTHQUAKES.
Of the mere question of the practicability
of running this tunnel there could be no doubt,
and it did not need a commission to assure us
of it. With money enough a hole of any rea-
sonable dimensions can ba blasted through
rock to any distance. But to speak of such a
tunnel as a model tunnel isnonsense. It would
be no guide or pattern for any other, for tun-
nels vary in size according to their object, ami
every miner knows what kind of one he needs,
and the varying nature of the approaches to a
lode, the level of the ground, &c., would make
a "model" useless. For exploration, to de-
termine whether the Comstock goes two or
four Chousand feet into the earth, it is equally
unimportant, for the Imperial shaft has already
determined that the lode goes below the level
of the tunnel, and all the shafts will have gone
below its level before it is finished. There are
therefore no controlling reasons that should
lead Congress to sanction the destruction of
millions of property of its citizens to which I
have referred. The reasons are all the other
way. Some which I have not referred to are
worthy of consideration.
If the tunnel is constructed and the hoisting
and pumping machinery is taken away (and to
give any countenance to the scheme its abet-
tors must and do insist that this can be dis-
pensed with) what would be the consequence
if the tunnel caved? Earthquakes are frequent,
and the tunnel passes through beds of slip-
pery blue clay, which, say the commissioners,
"continually acts upon and crushes the frame
work, requiring constant care and frequent
excavations behind the timbers to prevent the
complete closure of the adit." If there is as
much water in these mines as is claimed by
Sutro, in the event of a serious cave, which'
would take months to overcome, the mines
would fill with water, the timbers would rot,
the earth swell into the excavations, and the
mines themselves cave in and be destroyed.
If on the other hand the mines are compara-
tively dry there would still be infinite damage
to the lower workings from the surface water
running down to the tunnel level, to say noth-
ing of the cost of reerecting, hoisting, and
pumping machinery. The whole Comstock
lode will be dependent on one narrow opening
for its workings and safety, in an earthquake
country and with a slippery clay door always
trying to close up, instead of scores of vertical
shafts, independent, yet mutually beneficial
for ventilation, pumping, and what is of vast
importance, the escape of workmen in time
of danger.
HOW StTTRO GOT HOLD.
I have spoken of earlier legislation by which
a royalty of two dollars per ton was fastened
on to the Comstock mines for all time for the
benefit of Sutro, whether they used the tunnel
or not. Perhaps a few words may be neces-
sary to explain that legislation. Sutro agreed
in May, 1866, with some of the principal mine
owners to commence the tunnel in August,.
1867, to get $3,000,000 subscribed to his enter-
prise, expend $400,000 the first year, &c., all
of which things he utterly failed to do. The
contract was made at a time when the shafts
were not down to any considerable depth,
when the surface water was troublesome, and
there were no lateral connections between the
shafts to give ventilation. At that time no
expensive hoisting machinery had been erected,
and there was no railroad to carry ores to the
Carson mills, and those mills were fewer and
less valuable. The tunnel then contracted for
seemed a necessity, and its prompt construc-
tion would have saved vast expense which
Sutro's failure to construct caused to the mine
owners.
As there seemed no prospect of the tunnel
being even commenced, the mine owners
adapted themselves to the circumstances, and
invented costly but effectual ways to do with-
out it. In that original contract they agreed
to pay the two dollars a ton royalty. But if
ever time was of the essence of a contract it
