1516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
come up regularly to-morrow morning the
previous question be seconded and, a motion
to reconsider entered, so that the bill may go
over until to-morrow and we shall have a full
House.
Mr. BURCHARD. I asked an explanation
of this bill from members of the committee,
and it was refused me. I have no objection
to this bill being assigned for some future day,
not to interfere with the appropriation bills.
Mr. PLATT. That means until the next
Congress.
Mr. TERRY. I have not the slightest ob-
jection to discussion. The object of press-
ing the previous question now is in order to
have this bill go over for discussion and consid-
eration to iliorrow. I am willing to have
the fullest discussion in a full House, and I
desire
Mr. BURCHARD. If the call for the pre-
vious question should now be sustained would
this bill be the first business necessarily in
order to-morrow ?
The SPEAKER. It would be the. tirst
business in order immediately after the read-
ing of the Journal. Any business pending at
the adjournment to-day which does not have
the main question ordered upon it would not
go over to to-morrow, because the session of
to-day after two o'clock was, by order of the
House, assigned to the consideration of reports
from the Committee on Military Affairs, to the
exclusion of all other business.
Mr. DONNAN. I ask my colleague on the
committee, the gentlemen from Virginia, [Mr.
Terry,] to consent that the previous question
shall now be seconded, and that one hour be
given to this bill for discussion to-morrow.
Mr. TERRY. I consent to that propo-
sition.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest that the main
question be considered as now ordered, and
that a motion to reconsider be entered, and
then the subject can be considered to-morrow.
Mr. PLATT. There is no objection on the
part of the friends of this bill to have debate
upon it. We are perfectly willing to have it
debated, and desire a full House to listen to it.
AH we ask is that this bill shall not be crowded
out, so as not to come up at all for action. We
are willing to have it go over to-night, pro-
vided we can have it discussed and considered
upon its merits to-morrow morning before a
full House.
Mr. DONNAN. And an hour allowed for
debate.
Mr. PLATT. An hour or more, if wanted.
Mr. BURCHARD. I have no objection to
this bill coming up to-morrow after the appro-
priation bills. But I do not want it to inter-
fere with those bills. I want it so arranged
that if a majority of the House shall prefer to
go on with the appropriation bills they shall
have the liberty to do so.
Mr. RANDALL. I understand the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holmah] has made
a privileged motion, to reconsider the vote by
which the main question was ordered on this
bill.
fhe SPEAKER. The previous question
has not yet been seconded. The bill stands
before the House as regularly reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs. If the
previous question shall not be seconded now,
and the House should adjourn, this bill will
not be before the House, because the con-
sideration of reports trom the Committee on
Military Affairs is confined to the session of
this day.
PLATT. The vote has been taken on
seconding the previous question.
The SPEAKER. And no quorum voted.
■Mr. PLATT. Then I move a call of the
House.
r- HOLMAN. I think it is not necessary
to take up so much lime upon this matter as
will be required by a call of the House. I
again make the proposition that the main
question be considered as now ordered, that
a motion to reconsider be entered, and that
we then adjourn upon that motion. The sub-
ject will then come up to-morrow, and be
open for an hour's discussion.
The SPEAKER. It would necessarily come
up and have an hour for discussion, should the
main question be now ordered and the House
adjourn. An hour for debate is allowed by the
rule after the main question is seconded. But
if the House should to-morrow reconsider the
vote ordering the main question, that would
dismiss the bill from before the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is true. I want the
bill to remain before the House for discussion
and consideration. My proposition is that by
unanimous consent there shall be an hour's
debate on this bill to-morrow when it comes
up.
Mr. RANDALL. If we should agree to-
night upon ordering the main question, and
then adjourn, would not that leave this bill in
the hands of some gentleman friendly to it?
The SPEAKER. If the main question shall
be ordered, there will necessarily be an hour
for debate, under the control of the gentleman
who reported the bill. But if the main ques-
tion should be agreed upon to-night, and then
reconsidered to-morrow, that would dismiss
the bill from before the House.
Mr. RANDALL. Then we had better order
the main question.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen seem to make
a distinction between the previous question
and the main question; but there is none ;
they are identical. The pending question is
now whether the House will second the demand
for the previous question. On a division by
tellers, no quorum voted. The House now
stands in such a position that nothing is in
order but a motion for adjournment or for a
call of the House.
Mr. DICKEY. I move to adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. That will kill this bill.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Dickey, there were—ayes 42, noes 50.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust now that we shall
be able to agree 
Mr. DICKEY. I shall object to any propo-
siton requiring unanimous consent; I do not
care what it is.
Mr. PLATT. Is it not competent for less
than a quorum to order the previous question
if the point that there is no quorum be not
raised ?
Mr. STORM. That will be equivalent to
ordering the previous question by unanimous
consent.
The SPEAKER. The attention of the
House has been called to the fact that no quo-
rum is present.
Mr. PLATT. Then, sir, I move a call of
the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the question is
taken on that motion, I again ask unanimous
consent to the proposition that the previous
question be considered as ordered on this bill,
that it be open for an hour's discussion to-
morrow, when it again comes up, and that at
the conclusion of the hour the vote be taken.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman need not
include the condition of one hour's discussion,
because that is allowed under the rule after
the previous question has been ordered. The
gentleman's proposition is simply that the
previous question be now considered as
ordered.
Mr. PLATT. That ought to be satisfac-
tory.
Mr. BURCHARD. There should be some
understanding that gentlemen opposed to the
bill shall occupy a part of the time. I under-
stand that there are gentlemen who have in-
vestigated this subject, as 1 have not 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman who re-
ported the bill [Mr. TehryJ will indicate what
division of time he proposes to make.
Mr. TERRY. I will allow an equal division
of the time.
Mr. AMBLER. I feel compelled to object
to any arrangement. We want all available
time for the transaction of necessary public
business.
Mr. BIRD. I insist on a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. That is the pending mo-
tion.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Platt to order a call of the House, there
were—ayes 30, noes 49.
Mr. YOUNG called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Young and
Mr. Dickey were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 42, noes 45.
So the motion for a call of the House was
not agreed to.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House
adjourn.
The question being taken on the motion,
the Speaker declared that the noes appeared
to have it.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Randall
and Mr. Towxsend, of Pennsylvania, were
appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 48, noes 50.
Mr. DICKEY. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MACINTYRE. It seems to me gentle-
men might agree that the previous question be
considered as seconded and that an equal
division of time'be made to-morrow, when
the question can be submitted to a full House.
Several Members. That is right.
Mr. AMBLER. I have not withdrawn the
objection, and will not withdraw it.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 44, nays 59, not .voting
137 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Barber, Buffinton, Bun-
nell. Burchard, Goburn, Crossland, Dickey, Eames,
Frakelnburg, Wilder D. Foster, Haldeman, Joseph
R. Hawley, Hay, Hoar, Kelley, Ketcham, Lamport,
Maynard. MeCrary, McJunkin, MoKinney, Mer-
riam, Leonard Myers, Packard, Poland. Prindle.
John Rogers, Rusk, Sawyer, Scofield, Shoemaker,
Slater, H.Boardman Smith, St. John, Thomas. Wash-
in§ton Townsend. Turner, Twichell. Tyner, Upson,
Waldron, Willard, and Williams of Indiana—44.
NAYS —Messrs. Acker, Adams. Arthur, Barry,
James B. Beck, Bell, Bird, Boles. Braxton. Bright,
Roderick R. Butler, Conger, Criteher, Davis, Dodds,
Donnan, Dox, DuBose. Dunnell, Elliott, Garrett,
Getz, Giddings, Handley, Hanks, Harper, George E.
Harris, John T. Harris, Herndon, Hibbard, Holman,
King, Maeintyre, Manson, Marshall, McClelland,
McKee, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, William E.
Niblack, Perce, Platt, Porter, Price,. Rainey, Ran-
dall, Read, John 54. Rico, Ritchie, Sion H« Roger*
blocum Stoughton,Terry,Vaughan, Voorhees, Wal-
lace, Wells, Witthorne, and Young—59.
NOT VOTING— Messrs. Ames, Archer, Averill,
Banks, Barnum, Beatty, Erasmus W. Beck, Bigby,
Biggs, Bingham, Austin Blair, James G.Blair. Boar-
man, Brooks, Buckley, Burdett, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Cobb,
Coghlan, Comingo, Conner, Cotton, Cox, Crebs
Oreely, Crocker, Darrall, Dawes, Duell, Duke, Eld-
™,d8(r 14y' EstyTT Fa"isworth, Farwell, Forker,
Charles Foster Henry D. Foster, Frye, Garfield,
Gollaaay. Goodrich, Grifiith. Hale, Halsey, Ham-
bleton Hancock, Harmer, Havens, John B. Hawley,
Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Here-
K ¥'!!■• Hoo?-e.r> Houghton, Kellogg, Kendall,
Kerr, Kulmger.Iunselia, Lamison. Lansing, Leach
Lewis, Lowe, Lynch, McCormick, McGrew, Mc-
Henry, Merely. Mitchell, Monroe, Moore, Morev,
P,0,ri?an'pJf0rph,& Silas L. Nibiack, Orr
PpS pi a r,er' %sea W; Parker Isaac C. Parker
Peck, Pendleton, Perry, Peters, Potter, Edward Y
Rico, Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Robin-
Eu ef A Sargent, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shellabager, Sherwood, Shober, Sloss,
A-QSm:Hh, Worthmgton C. Smith, Snapp,
Snyder, Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens.
Stevenson, Storm,. Stowell, Sutherland, Swnnn
feypher, Taffe. Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Van
w£m?' TOk^8,11, H&keman, Walden, Warren,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of Now York, Jere-
Wood—137^ John T.Wilson, Winchester, and
So the House refused to adjourn,
Mr. TWIG HELL. I move the bill be re-
committed.
Mr. RANDALL. Can that be done?
