552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
will give me an opportunity to offer my
amendment?
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly I will give the
gentleman that opportunity.
The SPEAKER. The question is on sus-
pending the rules so that the proposition of
the gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
shall be in order as an amendment to the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill, when the House shall next resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The House divided; and there were ayes 86,
noes 56 ; two-thirds not voting in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. SARGENT. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to make a parliamentary inquiry. Does this
require a two thirds vote ?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. AMBLER. I wish to understand
whether it is intended that this proposition of
the gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
shall be made in order as a substitute for the
proposition of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hibbard] which has already been
adopted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands.
Mr. SARGENT. I had proposed to move
that it should be in order as an independent
proposition. The Chair suggested the modifi-
cation that it should be in order as an amend-
ment to the proposition of the gentleman from
New Hampshire. I accepted that modifica-
tion. But I am willing it should be put as an
independent proposition.
Mr. COX. When will this motion again
come up if the House should now adjourn?
The SPEAKER. On Monday next.
Mr. COX. Then I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. SARGENT. I think that is unfair. I
call for the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas'and nays'were ordered.
Mr. COX. I withdraw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. KILLINGER. I renew it.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask for a division on
the motion to adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
96, noes 57.
Mr. SARGENT. I think it is only right
that the whole proposition should go to the
Committee of the Whole. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would suggest
that, as the gentleman from California only
desires to offer his proposition as an amend-
ment to the bill and not as a substitute for
the proposition of the gentleman from New
Hampshire, he ought to be permitted to do
that.
Mr. SARGENT. That is all I ask.
Mr. HOLMAN. The proposition is well
understood. I object to debate.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 86, not voting
66; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Barber,
Barry, Beatty, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, James
G. Blair, Boarman, Braxton, Bright, Bunnell, Bur-
chard, Caldwell, Carroll, Coburn, Cox, Crebs, Cross-
land, Davis, Dodds, Dox, Eldredge, Farnsworth,
Finkelnburg, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Getz, Gid-
dings, Griffith, Hambleton, Hancock, Handley,
Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris, Havens, Hay,
Hereford, Herndon, Holman, Kerr, Killinger, King,
Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Maclntyre, Manson, Mc-
Cormick, McJunkin, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Monroe, Morgan, Niblack, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac
C. Parker, Perry, Price, Prindle, Randall, Kead,
Edward Y.Bice, Ritchie, Robinson, Sion H. Rogers,
Scofield, Shanks, Sherwood, Slater, Slocum, Speer,
Stevenson, Storm. Swann, Terry, Turner, Van
Trump, Waddell, Wakeman, Walden, Warren,
Willard, Wood, and Young—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Barnum, James B. Beck,
Bingham, Buffinton, Burdett, Roderick B.. Butler,
Cobb, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton, Critcher, Dawes,
Dickey, Donnan, DuBose, Duell, Dunnell, Eames,
Ely, Esty, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye,
Garfield. Hale, Halsey, George E. Harris, John B.
llawiey, Joseph R.Hawley, Gerry W.Hazelton, John
W. Hazelton, Hibbard, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Hough-
ton, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham, Lamport, Lowe,
Lynch. Marshall, Maynard, McCrary, McGrew, Mc-
Kee, Merriam, Leonard Myers. Negley, Orr, Pack-
ard. Packer, Palmer. Peck, Pendleton, Peters, Po-
land, Porter, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, H.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith. Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevens. Stowell, Washington Townsend.
Twichell, Opson, Waldron, Wallace, Wells, Wheeler,
Whitthorne, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New
York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—86.
not voting—Messrs. Aroher, Arthur, Averill,
Banks, Erasmus W. Beck, Bigby, Boles, Brooks,
Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Campbell, Clarke,
Comingo, Conner, Creely, Crocker, Darrall, De
Large, Duke, Elliott. Farwell. Forker, Golladay, j
Goodrich, Haldeman, Harmer, Hays, Kendall, Kin- j
sella, Lansing, McClelland, McHenry, McKinney, 1
McNeely, Mitchell, Moore, Morey, Morphis. Perce,
Piatt, Potter, John M. Rice, William R. Roberts, |
John Rogers, Roosevelt, Seeley, Sessions, Shober,
Slos8, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder,
Stoughton, St. John, Sutherland. Sypher, Taffe, ,
Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Tyner, j
Vaughan. Voornees, Walls, Whiteley, and Win-
Chester—66.
So the motion to adjourn was agreed to.
Pending the announcement of the vote,
e.n rolled bills.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found duly
enrolled, bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 769) to close the account
of R. E. De Russy, late colonel corps of en-
gineers, deceased; and
An act (S. No. 841) for the relief of James
A. Waymire, late a second lieutenant of com-
pany M, first cavalry United States Army.
The result of the vote on Hie motion to
adjourn was then- announced as above re-
corded.
And thereupon (at four o'clock and forty-
five minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, Sac., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees: .
By Mr. ACKER: The,petition of merchants,
tor the removal of taxes on State and national
banking institutions.
By Mr. BEATTY: The petition qf Jacob
Parrot, late lieutenant company K, thirty-third
Ohio volunteer infantry, asking a pension.
By Mr. BELL: The petition of Daniel
Mahoney, for a pension.
By Mr. BUTLER,, of Massachusetts: The
petition of the harbor committee of the Salem
Board of Trade, for the improvement of the
harbor of Salem, Massachusetts.
Also, the petition of inhabitants of Essex,
Essex county, Massachusetts, for improvement
in widening and straightening the channel of
Essex river.
By Mr. CHIPMAN: The petition of Rev.
James H. A. Johnson and others, in relation
to colored schools in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. COX : The petition of Thomas W.
Collins, for the incorporation of the Unien
Gaslight Company of the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of Glover & Mather and
others, to have their cases restored to the
docket of the Court of Claims.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of EvyGrim,
widow of Thomas Grim, late private company
E, seventy-seventh regiment Ohio volunteers,
praying for widow's pension.
By Mr. GALLEGOS: The petition of
Charles Probst, of New Mexico, for supplies
furnished to the New Mexico militia, as part
of the United States Array, in repelling the
invasion of the Territory by the confederate
forces.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of the heirs of
Jonathan Ellis for indemnity for French spo-
liations.
Also, the petition of Joshua W. Black, for
extension of time on his application for pen-
sion.
By Mr. HAMBLETON: The memorials of
F. Denny, H. H. Bennett, and others, of Cecil
county, Maryland, praying an appropriation for
the removal of obstructions to navigation in the
Elk river, at Elkton, Cecil county, Maryland.
By Mr. HIBBARD: The petition of the
mayor and aldermen of Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, for an act subjecting imported
goods in the original cases to State and
municipal taxation.
By Mr. HILL: The petition of J. Stock-
bridge, of Plainfield, New Jersey, recom-
mending a reduction in the rates of postage.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of George B. Upton and others, citi-
zens of Boston, Massachusetts, for the relief
of sufferers by the late great fire in that city.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of Evan
S. Jeffries, for relief.
By Mr. LAMPORT: The petition of Slo-
cum Howland, William S. Manchester, Adol-
phus S. Searing, and 325 others, citizens of
Cayuga county, New York, for the prohibition
of the manufacture, importation, and sale of
all intoxicating liquors as a leverage in the
Territories of the United States and in the
District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of J. N. Stearns, Charles
Kennedy, John W. Hill, and 228 others, of the
Golden Circle Lodge of Good Templars of
Greenpoint, New York, asking for the pro-
hibition of the manufacture, importation, and
sale of intoxicating liquors as a beverage in
the Territories of the United States and in the
District of Columbia.
By Mr. McGREW: The memorial of citi-
zens of West Virginia and Western Pennsyl-
vania, in relation to the improvement of the
navigation of the MonODgahela river.
By Mr. B. F. MEYERS : The memorial
of Jonathan Diehl and George Blymyer, of
Bedford, Pennsylvania, sureties on the bond
of Josiah S. Diehl, late contractor for carry-
ing the United States mails on post route
No. 4247.
By Mr. MOORE: A petition asking that a
pension be granted to Joseph Harper, late a
sergeant in company F, ninety-seventh Ohio
volunteers.
By Mr. MORGAN: The memorial of J. W.
Andrews and 50 others, citizens of Muskin-
gum county, Ohio, asking Congress to author-
ise sending through the mails packages of
seedB, plants, <fcc., of the weight of four
pounds and at the rate of two cents postage
per ounce.
By Mr. L. MYERS* The resolution of the
city councils of Philadelphia, requesting of
Congress an appropriation for the improvement
of the navigation of the river Delaware by the
removal of the obstructions at the Horse-Shoe
shoals and Fort Mifflin bar', and for the erec-
tion of additional light-houses.
By Mr. ROGERS, of New York: The peti-
tion of Henry Legacy, praying the bounty
promised on his enlisting and serving his time
in company B, sixty-eighth regiment New York
infantry volunteers.
By Mr. SESSIONS: The petition of mer-
chants of Jamestown, New York, for the re-
peal of bank taxes.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of
William Buckley, praying a pension.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York: The
petition of the trustees of Grosvenor Library,
Buffalo, for aid to the publication of manu-
scripts relating to the discoveries of La Salle.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 14, 1873.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the Hous# of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs :
A bill (H. R. No. 119) to authorize the
Secretary of War to survey, plat, and sell the
