1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
558
present cemetery grounds upon the Fort Gra-
tiot military reservation in Michigan, and for
other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 693) for the relief of
Charles Trichler, of the county of Adams,
Ohio;
A bill (H. R. No. 882) restoring Captain
Alonzo J. Marsh to his position in the Army, .
and that he be honorably mustered out of the
service as of the date of the mustering out of
his regiment;
A bill (H. R. No. 1180).to provide for the
purchase, by the Secretary of War, of lands
for the United States in the State of Texas for
the sites of forte and military posts;
A bill (H. R. No. 2676) for the relief of
Dr. Theodore A. Tellkmpf; i
A bill (H. R. No. 3373) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to sell the grounds and tene-
ments in Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, now used as
a United States quartermaster's depot;
A bill (H. R. No. 3374) for the relief of
Jonathan L. Mann;
A bill (H. R. No. 3375) for the relief of
Jackson Roberts;
A bill (H. R. No. 3376) for the relief of
Lance Sergeant John R. Williams, United
States Army; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3377) for the relief of
William Phillips and others, heirs of Stephen
Phillips, deceased. J
The bill (H. R. No. 3378) to establish apost
road from Milton Mills to Home's Mills, New
Hampshire, was read twice by its title and i
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads. |
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Alfred Taylor, A. S. Taylor, Adeline Taylor,
W. Gordon, and Elizabeth T. Beal, heirs at
law of the late George Taylor, praying to be
indemnified for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the year 1801 ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, late soldiers in the Army of
the United States, praying for the passage of
the bill entitled "An act to enable honorably
discharged soldiers and sailors, their widows
and orphan children, to acquire homesteads
on the public lands of the United States;"
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Land 8.
Mr. PRATT. I present a petition numer-
ously signed by citizens, sailors, and soldiers
of the city of New Albany and vicinity, ad-
dressed to the Senate of the United States, as
follows:
Believing the bill, recently pasted by the House
of Representatives, granting bounty land warrants
to the honorably discharged soldiers, sailors, and
marines of the late Union Army, to be eminently
wise and just; that thin beneficent measure has the
indorsement of a great majority of the nation; that
its enactment into law will be applauded by every
Foldier and sailor engaged in the suppression of the
late wicked rebellion, and also approbated by all
considerate freemen: therefore, the undersigned
soldiers, sailors, and citizens of the city of New
Albany, Indiana, respectfully petition your honor-
able body for the speedy passage of said bill, and in
duty boand we will ever pray.
TWb petition ig signed by a thousand men ;
1 recognize the signatures of some of them,
leading, influential citizens of New Albany.
I move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on Public Lands, which I believe
is charged with the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I present a petition from
four thousand soldiers of the State of Iowa,
and other petitions from Minnesota and from
Illinois, signed by names amounting in the
aggregate as it is said to eight thousand, pray-
ing for such a modification of the soldiers'
homestead law as will enable soldiers to acquire
land warrants without the condition of settle-
ment, to be a subject of assignment to actual,
settlers only.
On the motion to refer these petitions to the
Committee on Public Lands, I desire 'o observe
that I think these fellow-citizens of mine
overestimate what would be the pecuniary
value of such land warrants if they should be
issued subject to location only in this way. I
remember to have heard the Secretary of War
state at the close of the rebellion that there
were between twenty-one and twenty-two hun-
dred thousand different soldiers enlisted in the
Army. If we add to these the sailors and
marines and such of the militia of the differ-
ent States as were actually engaged in the sup-
pression of the rebellion, it would increase
the number, I think, to over twenty-two
hundred thousand who would be entitled to
warrants under such a law. If each were to
receive a land warrant for one hundred and
sixty acres of land, it would require about
three hundred and fifty million acres of land
to satisfy these warrants. If that number of
land warrants were issued, I do not think
their value in the market would be more than
ten or fifteen cents an acre. I.think, therefore,
that the petitioners have overestimated what
would be the value of such land warrants if
they were to be issued, but I nevertheless
desire to have the petitions referred to the
Committee on Public Lands for their mature
consideration ; and I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I wish, in addition to what
the Senator from Iowa has observed on the
subject of the amount of lands which would be
taken from the public domain by the passage
of the bill for which these petitioners pray,
to read a short extract from a letter which I
have received from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, whom I addressed on the
subject for the purpose of eliciting information.
He says:
"It appears by data obtained from the War
Department that the number of men who served in
the Army and Navy of the United States for ninety
days or more, during the war, is 2,670,578. If from
thi« we make a reasonable deduction, on account
of reenlistmenU and deaths of parties leaving no
representatives, who, as widows or orphan children,
would be entitled to claim the land, say 670.578,
we have as the remainder. 2,000,000. This number
being multiplied by 160, the maximum number of
acres proposed for each, the product is 320,000,000.
In my opinion, therefore, 320,000,000 may be assumed
as approximately the number of acres which it would
require to carry into effect the provisions of the bill,
on the supposition that all the beneficiaries avail
themselves to the ftdl extent of their rights there-
under."
Mr. RAMSEY. I have a communication
from J. W. Martin, editor of Soldiers' Record,
of MadisoB, Wisconsin, who sends me a large
bundle of petitions, stating that there are six-
teen hundred signatures to them from the
State of Minnesota, and two thousand from
the State of Wisconsin. I have not had the
opportunity of examining them; I cannot tell
how correctly they are represented as coming
from those several States. I agree entirely
with what the Senator from Iowa says as to
the value of this donation, if it should be
made. I move the reference of the petitions
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Kansas City, Missouri, soldiers of the
late war, praying for the passage of the bill
which recently passed the House of Repre-
sentatives, granting to each soldier one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land; which was
referred to the Committee qn Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of Henry C.
Smith, praying for back pay as second and
first lieutenant; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. LOGAN presented a petition of four
hundred soldiers of Wisconsin, praying the
passage of the soldiers' homestead bill; which
was referred to the Committe on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of Nathan
Robinson and forty-seven others, soldiers of
eastern Ohio, praying for the passage of the
House of Representatives bounty land bill of
December 12, 1872 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a petition of soldiers of
the last war, citizens of Sterling, Whitesides
county, Illinois, praying the passage of the
House of Representatives bounty land bill of
December 12, 1872; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. LOGAN. I present also the petition
of the board of education and other author-
ities of Chicago and many other citizens of that
city, asking for an exchange of property with
the United States Government. In asking the
reference of this petition to the Committee on
Financef I will state that this is a request
of the authorities of Chicago to exchange quite
a large lot on the river for the purpose of hav-
ing a bonded warehouse erected on it, aud to
take in lieu thereof a portion of a lot of ground
on which the walls are left standing of the
post office, which is much less in size. My
judgment about it is that it is a very proper
thing to be done. I move the refereuce of
the petition to the Committee on Finance
without a bill, that they may await the action
of the Secretary of the Treasury, who will
communicate to the Senate in reference to this
proposition.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I present what is said to be a
petition, said to be signed by two thousand
soldiers and officers, and it is said they ask for
a bounty in land. I move its reference to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
the petition of Mrs. Helen Jacobs and others,
citizens of the State of Maryland, praying to
be indemnified fof spoliations committed by
the French prior to the year 1801; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CORBETT presented a petition of a
large number of business men, principally
merchants of Portland, Oregon, praying for
mi appropriation of $25,000 for the improve-
ment of the Yamhill river, in Oregon; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of the
Grand Lodge of the Independent Order of
Good Templars of West Virginia, signed by
its officers, praying for the prohibition of the
manufacture, importation, and sale of all
intoxicating liquors to be used as a beverage
in the Territories of the United States and in
the District of Columbia; which was referred
to the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the memorial of
Benjamin E. Crane, president of the national
commercial convention of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, in regard to the reorganization of the
Indian territory, and giving the action of the
national commercial convention on the sub-
ject ; which was referred to the Committee
on -Indian Affairs.
POWER TO ISSUE UNITED STATES NOTES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, who were by a res-
olution of the Senate directed "to inquire
whether th6 Secretary of the Treasurv has
power, under existing law, to issue United
States notes in lieu of the $44,000,000 of notes
retired and canceled under the act of April
12, 1866," to submit a written report, accom-
panied with a resolution. I ask that the res-
olution be read, and that it take its place on
the Calendar.
The report was brdered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the resolution is
read I will state that the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Wright] and the Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Ferry,,] members of the Commit
tee on Finance, do not agree with the view of
the majority, and desi^ leave to present their
views to-morrow, to be printed with the report
of the majority.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the right of the minority to present
their views will be recognized, and they will
be printed with the majority report. The
