554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
resolution reported by the Committee on
Finance will be read.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Resolved, That in the opinion of the Senate the
Secretary of the Troasury has not the power under
existing law to issue United States notes for any
portion of the 844,000,000 of United States notes
retired and canceled under the act approved April
12,1866.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I am directed
by the Committee on Patents, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 1370) for the
relief of the heirs of William A. (jraham,
to report it back with a recommendation that
it do not pass, and move the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent the bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask that that bill be
placed on the Calendar, with the adverse
report of the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will
be made.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2227) to regulate the employment of
engineer soldiers on extra duty, reported it
without amendment, and submitted a report
thereon, which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1275) for the
relief of William Vails, late a private in com-
pany A, third regiment of Indiana volunteer
cavalry, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report thereon, which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 122) for the
relief of Walter J. Lee, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report thereon,
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 861) directing
the payment to Robert McKee of pay, allow-
ances, and bounty now withheld from him,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
a report thereon, which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2692) to pro-
vide for the establishment of a military prison
and for its government, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1772) for the
relief of Reuben H. Bishop, submitted an ad-
verse report thereon, which was ordered to be
printed; and the bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2852) for the relief of James A. McCul-
loh, late collector of the fifth district of Mis-
souri, reported it without amendment.
BANK LOANS ON SURPLUS PROFITS.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I am instructed
by the Committee ca Finance, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 1319) to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide a nation&i cur-
rency secured by a pledge of the United
States bonds, and to provide for the circula-
tion and redemption thereof," to report it
back without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask that that bill be
put on its passage now. It is very short.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon asks that the Senate consider
this bill at the present time. It will be read,
subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It pro-
poses to amend section twenty-nine of an act
entitled "An act to provide & national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," so as to read as follows:
_ Sec. 29. That the total liabilities to any associa-
tion of any persons, or of any person, or of any
company, corporation, or firm, for money borrowed,
including in the liabilities of a company or firm the
liabilities of the several members thereof, shall at
no time exceed one tenth part of the amount of the
oapital stock of sucb association actually paid in
and surplus profits : Provided, That the discount
of bona-fide bills of exchange drawn against
actually existing values, and the discount of com-
mercial or business paper actually owned by the
person or persons, corporation, or firm, negotiating
j the same, shall not be considered as money bor-
; rowed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to have the
:j bill read again. It seems to be a bill of very
: great scope.
j: Mr. CORBETT. I will explain the provis-
il ions of the bill.
j! The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
! | ator from California object to the consideration
j ] of the bill or simply ask to have it read again ?
j Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have it again
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will again be
reported, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. The provision of the law
as it now stands is that the banks shall not
loan to exceed ten per cent, of their capital
stock. The object of this bill is to allow them
to loan ten per cent, of the surplus profits;
that if the banks increase their surplus for the
accommodation of their customers they shall
be allowed to loan upon the surplus profits as
well as upon the capital, to an amount not
exceeding ten per cent., which is not provided
for in the present law as it now stands.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection to it.
The bill was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1360) extending the jurisdiction and
powers of the southern claims commissioners ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1361) for the relief of Maria Harrison ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1362) for the relief of Edmund Jussen ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1363) explanatory of an act entitled "An
act to reduce the expenses of the survey and
sale of public lands in the United States;"
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1364) to abolish oaths and affirmations
taken and made in transacting business relat-
ing to the revenue from customs and to sub-
stitute declarations in lieu thereof; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1365) to amend an act
entitled "An act to restrict the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims, and to provide for the
payment of certain demands for quartermas-
ter's stores and subsistence supplies furnished
to the Army of the United States," approved
July 4, 1864; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHURZ asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1366) for the relief of the University of
the State of Missouri; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
VIENNA EXPOSITION.
Mr. SCHURZ. I move that House joint
resolution No. 170, to enable the people of the
United States to participate in the advantages
of the international exposition to be held in
Vienna in 1873, which is now on the table, be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
thinks the joint resolution has been referred.
If it has not been referred, it will be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
RAILROADS IN THE STATES.
Mr. CASSERLY submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That in connection with the inquiry
heretofore given in charge to the Committee on the
Judiciary in regard to the power of Congress over
the subject of railroads between the States, the same
committee is directed to inquire whether each State
within its own limits has not now full power over
the same general Bubject, including the rates for
transportation of persons and property.
PACIFIC RAILROAD REPORTS.
Mr. CASSERLY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to transmit to the Senate
the yearly reports of the Union Pacifio Railroad
Company and the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, respectively, for the year 1872, or for the latest
year for which the same are filed, and also any
papers or information in his possession relating to
the same.
GAUGERS AND MEASURERS AT BOSTON.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I should
like to put on its passage House bill No. 2865.
It will take but a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 2865) to fix the compensation of gaugers
and measurers at the port of Boston.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It provides that the com-
pensation of gaugers and measurers at the
port of Boston shall be the same as provided
for the same class of officers at the port of
New York under existing laws.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
OFFICERS AND CREW OF SHIP WYOMING.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next busi-
ness in order is the consideration of the Calen-
dar until one o'clock under the Anthony rule.
The bill at the head of the Calendar is the bill
(S. No. 291) for the relief of the officers and
crew of the United States ship Wyoming,
which is now before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. When this bill was last
under consideration a motion was made to
strike out the "Japanese indemnity fund"
and insert " Treasury of the United States."
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a disputed con-
troverted case, and had better go over, I think.
I do not want to object to it, however.
Mr. FRELINGHDYSEN. My colleague
will be here in a minute. He desires to with-
draw the amendment, I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reserved then 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I think the
amendment was to strike out the " Japanese
indemnity fund" and insert the " Treasury."
I feel authorized on the part of my colleague to
withdraw the amendment and let the bill go on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] has just
come into the Chamber. The pending ques-
tion is on the amendment to strike out the
*" Japanese indemnity fund " and insert " the
Treasury of the United States."
Mr. STOCKTON. I desire to withdraw that
amendment.
