1873,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Admission of Colorado—Mr. McCormick.
Ho. of Reps.
product of mining in successive years, and the
science and experience of foreign nations, so
far as these are pertinent to our case.
Mr. Raymond, the author of these reports,
is a mining engineer, qualified, first by educa-
tion in Europe and then by long practice at
home, to know exactly what is needed here
and to supply the need with judgment and pro-
fessional skill. His standing among his col-
leagues may be inferred from the fact that he
was last year elected president of the American
Institute of Mining Engineers, the only body
of the kind in this country, and one which
comprises the leading members of that pro-
fession from New York to San Francisco. But
without any such indorsement these reports
themselves bear witness that they are the work
of an expert, that their statements may be
believed and their recommendations followed.
I may add that they have attracted abroad
perhaps more attention than any other docu-
ments published by the Government", having
been the subjects of repeated, long, and favor-
able reviews in English journals, of which I
recall particularly several in the Saturday
Review, while hi Germany they have been
widely quoted and discussed, and even to a
large extent translated and reprinted. When
we remember how often we have voted money
to pay for translating and distributing in for-
eign countries the reports of the Land Office,
for their effect upon immigrants, I am led to
feel that documents which possess such intrin-
sic interest as to secure translation without
cost to us, will be likely to have still greater
influence upon the minds of skilled miners
and mechanics, whose immigration we most
desire.
The witness of our own people to the value
of these volumes is equally conclusive. Prob-
ably every member of this House—certaiuly
every member from the Pacific States and
Territories—can testify to the eagerness with
which they are sought and the interest with
which they are studied by his constituents.
I happen to know that on more than one
occasion members of Congress have ordered
them of the Congressional Printer at their
own expense, because they could not satisfy
the demands of their constituents in any other
way.
They have been directly influential in causing
the investment of capital, in recommending
the best forms of machinery, in exposing errors
of practice, which would lead to loss, and in
expounding with plain words for practical men
the scientific principles involved in their work.
The professional standing and relations of the
commissioner have enabled him to call about
him the best authorities in each branch; and
I speak the opinion of experts when I say that
there are no books in our language which give
so completely and thoroughly as do these vol-
umes the latest and best results of science
and practice with regard to the mining and
reduction of the precious metals. I would
refer members, in illustration of this statement,
to the chapter on smelting which I find in the
last report. This is a subject which has sud-
denly attained great importance in Nevada,
Utah, Montana, and Colorado, where the clear
and simple discussion of principles given in
this book will be welcomed by many furnace-
men, who have looked in vain elsewhere for
just this kind of information.
I should also add that the knowledge and
experience of the commissioner have been of
direct use to the Government and the public
aside from his reports. I know that his sug-
gestions have been repeatedly invited and
profitably acted upon by committees and indi-
vidual members of Congress ; the chairman
of the House Committee on Mines and Mining
will bear me out in saying that Mr. Raymond
has rendered important service to that com-
mittee ; and I am informed that the Treasury
Department has asked his advice in matters
connected with his special work. Moreover,
in numerous cases private citizens, by per-
sonal interview or by correspondence, have
availed themselves of his acquaintance with
the condition, prospects, and method of Amer-
ican mining.
In view of the varied benefits resulting from
this agency, and the satisfaction both of ex-
perts and of the people at large with the man-
ner in which the present commissioner has
discharged its duties; in view moreover, let
me add, of the unequaled economy shown in
the preparation of these reports, as compared
with any similar documents ever issued by this
Government, I trust that Congress will see the
wisdom, justice, and necessity of maintaining
and extending a work so useful to the Govern-
ment and directly profitable to the country.
Finally, I trust that the edition of the pres-
ent report ordered for distribution will be
adequate to the importance of the book and
the purpose of its publication, and will be
promptly printed. There can be no propriety
in ordering two hundred and fifty thousand
copies of the agricultural report, as is pro-
posed, and but seven thousand copies of this
report, which, for a large part of the country
where mining is the chief industry, is more
important and acceptable.
In the summer of 1870 the commissioner
assigned one of his ablest deputies to the duty
of a personal examination of the mineral
resources of Arizona and the mining oper-
ations there begun, and his elaborate report
thereon (the facts for which were collected
only by much exposed and expensive travel)
was by diligent exertion made ready for pub-
lication with the commissioner's annual report
of that year, which was presented to Congress
in March, 1871. More thau a year had ex-
pired before any copies of this report were
ready for distribution, and the total edition
issued was large enough to give to the members
of this House but ten copies each 1
As the sole representative of Arizona, by
the people of which, not only because it con-
tained the interesting, timely, and valuable
report of Professor Eilers, but for its other
contributions upon mines and mining in the
Western States and Territories, it was espe-
cially desired, I was entitled by right to but
ten copies of the volume, and but for fair suc-
cess in begging from eastern Representatives,
a few more, I should have had to put off my
entire people with that insignificant number,
while of the agricultural report for the same
year my quota exceeded six hundred copies.
Admission of Colorado.
SPEECH OF HON. R. 0. McCORMlCK,
of arizona,
In the House of Representatives,
January 29, 1873.
The House resumed consideration of the bill (II.
It. No. 148) to enable the people of Colorado to form
a constitution and State government, and for the
admission of said State into the Union on an equal
footing with'the original States.
Mr. McCORMlCK, of Arizona. I discover,
Mr. Speaker, in all that has been said in this
discussion no just cause for a refusal to clothe
the Territory of Colorado with the dignity and
rights of a sovereign State, if Congress would
treat her citizens as our fathers would have
treated them. If our system of government
is to be adhered to the simple question of pop-
ulation cannot be made the test in the admis-
sion of new States, although by such test Col-
orado has a claim which many of the States
did not have when admitted.
I propose, however, but a word upon this
bill, and that in support of a point made yes-
terday by the gentleman from Nebraska, [Mr.
Taffb,] the chairman of the Committee on the
Territories. Among other things that gentle-
man said:
" It is an alarming proposition that men are to go
West and help build up and add to the material
resources of the oountry, without having any repre-
sentation whatever hero or in the other branch of
Congress."
rlt is indeed an alarming proposition that
hundreds of thousands of our citizens should
be deprived the right of a voting representation
in Congress for any cause, and my wonder is that
the fact has excited so little attention through-
out the country, and been so patiently borne
by those directly interested. It would be but
reasonable to suppose that the men who carry
the national flag to the frontier, who overcome
the hostile savage, who occupy and redeem the
distant parts of the public domain, and whose
achievements in the best interests of peace and
material prosperity are the boast of our free
Government, should at least enjoy all the
privileges accorded to other citizens of the
Republic.
Not only have these men under our present
laws no vote in the presidential election, al-
though it is ever a matter of as much interest
to them as to any of the citizens of the Repub-
lic ; not only are they without a voting repre-
sentation in both Houses of Congress, although
paying their full proportion of Federal taxation,
but in many matters they are treated with a
systematic neglect and absolute indifference by
Congress for which there can be no excuse.
So profoundly .unconcerned is the average
member of Congress upon all that relates to
the Territories that if he speaks of them at all
it is only to blunder as to their locality, area,
resources, capabilities, population, !jor needs,
and any proposition for the admission as States
of Territories even as populous as Colorado,
Utah, or New Mexico, is denounced by him as
"preposterous," however strong the argu-
ments presented in its support.
Gentlemen constantly overlook the fact, as in
the present discussion, that through the very
neglect of Congress the Territories have no
fair opportunity to rapidly make that substan-
tial progress which is demanded as the evidence
of their claim to admission as States.
The Federal laws now in force deprive them
of many important rights and benefits, and
of the independent action guarantied to the
States. If they are not to be admitted to the
Union as one by one they present what have
hitherto been accounted reasonable claims,then
Congress should, in my judgment, enact some
law or an amendment to the Constitution* if
required, by which the Territories together as
a unit may be formed into a State or States,
with a formality at least sufficient to give them
that potent voice in this House, aud in the
Senate, which alone will command for them
the consideration their enterprising people
deserve and their necessities absolutely de-
mand ; which will insure to the men of the
frontier their full share of Government aid,
protection, and favor, and put them where by
every right they belong, upon an equal foot-
ing with their brethren who have preferred to
remain in the luxurious ease and security of
the old States, and in blissful ignorance of the
hardships, the privations, and the perils which
beset the pathway of the pioneer.
If time would allow I might pile fact upon
fact to illustrate, and I should like to, how
very little attention the Territories, with their
varied and important interests, now receive at
the hands of Congress. Together they have
an area greater by far than that of the thirteen
original States, and to-day they have a popu-
lation of more than half a million ; an active,
industrious, aggressive, resolute, tax-paying
population, possessing, I hazard nothing in
saying, more truly heroic traits of Democratic
