220
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Marck 3,
Ho. op Reps.
Irrigation—Mr. Stevenson.
42D CONG....3D
vigor, simplicity, and patriotism than any
population of equal size in the broad world.
Yet a most reasonable proposition of mine,
made more than a year since, that one day in
each month should be set apart by this House
for the consideration of territorial affairs,
still slumbers in the indifferent hands of the
committee to which it was referred. A pro-
posal to place the territorial representatives
upon certain committees has resulted in their
admission to one only, while there are a half
score of committees for the particular duties
of which they are, by familiarity with western
interests and wants, especially qualified. It is
true that by organization and united action,
the Delegates have of late secured more legis-
lation in the interest of the Territories than ever
before; but what they have obtained is but as
a drop in the bucket to what is needed.
The eloquent gentleman from New York,
[Mr. E. H. Roberts,] in his speech of the
16th instant, concluded ftis argument against
the admission of Colorado with this reference
to local rule in the Territories:
"The real aim of the Territories is not control in
the Senate of the United States, but local self-gov-
eminent." #*##*•**
"All that the people of the Territories seek is the
right to choose their own officials and the repeal of
the power of review by Congress over their territo-
rial laws/'
This is well enough and there are good rea-
sons why local self-government should be per-
mitted, although not so many for a repeal of
the power of review by Congress over territo-
rial laws ; but my observation on this point—
and I think it has been quite as extended as
that of the gentleman from New York—does
not prove to me that the real aim of the peo-
ple of the Territories is local self-government.
However much they may desire that, I assure
him they attach greater importance, if the
Territories are to be kept Territories, to secur-
ing in some way a power and influence in
Congress, not thereby to infringe or trespass
upon the rights of any one, but simply to be
able promptly and adequately to secure the
official care and consideration to which they
are entitled, upon which they must be depend-
ent, and for the want of which their dearest
interests as American citizens are now too
often imperiled.
Irrigation.
SPEECH OF HON??. K STEVENSON,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
March 3, 1873,
On the following bill to provide for a board of com-
missioners to report a system of irrigation for the
San Joaquin and Tulare valleys in California:
A bill to provide for a board of commissioners to
report a system of irrigation for the San Joaquin
and Tulare valleys in California. •
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the President be, and heis hereby, author-
ized to assign two engineers of the Army and one offi-
cer ot the Coast Survey, now stationed on the Pacific
coast, for the purpo^eof examining and reporting on
a system of irrigation in the San Joaquin, Tulare,
and Sacramento valleys of the State of California;
and for that purposo the officers so assigned may
associate with themselves the chief of the geological
survey of California, and also one other civilian dis-
tinguished for his knowledge of the subjects. p
Sec. 2. That those five persons shall constitute a,
board, with power to fill vacancies, whose duty it
shall be to make a full report to the President on
the best system of irrigation for said valleys, with all
necessary plans, details, engineering, statistical, ana
otherwise, which report the Presidentshall transmit
to Congress at its next sersion, with such recom-
mendations as he shall think proper.
Sec. 3. That the Secretary of War shall furnish
subsistence and transportation for the board while
in the field, and the compensation of the members
of the board who are not in the service of the United
States shall not exceed $2,000 each, bat the^ other
members of the board shall receive no additional
compensation for their Services.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, by pass-
ing the bill to consider the subject of irrigation
of the San Joaquin and Tulare valleys we shall
initiate a- movement which may do more to
promote the prosperity of the American people
and the power of the Republic than aught else
of material development which is left for
this generation of Americans to accomplish.
Having extended our boundaries to the Pa-
cific, and from the tropics to the frozen zone;
having explored and developed our mineral
regions and laid rail and wire across the con-
tinent, what remains? We find in the heart
of the continent vast areas of land having
every element of fertility except moisture,
great deserts, plains, and valleys where cen-
turies have accumulated alluvial deposits and
lakes and seas have evaporated and disap
peared, and every sign of animation, every
vestige of life save the fossil and the shell are
gone. Yet all that is heeded to bring verdure
and beauty and great abundance, with flocks
and herds and farms, gardens, homesteads,
villages, towns, and cities is—water.
Some of these parched plains and valleys
have been touched by water turned from
mountain sides or raised from the earth by
wells, and lo! the desert blossoms as the
rose. Where tl*e climate is tropical, as in
these valleys, farmers by irrigation have raised
two crops in a year, both abundant. The soil
is very deep; wells have been sunk more than
a hundred feet through rich loam.
The productiveness of the San Joaquin" val-
ley when irrigated may be predicted from the
results of a single year, when rams happened
in season. This valley during the last season
produced three hundred thousand tons, or over
ten million bushels of wheat. But for three
years in succession the crops failed from
drought so severe and continuous that the
labors of the husbandman were lost.
The farmer requires above all things rea-
sonable certainty of rains in due season.
Without rain or its equivalent he sows and
cultivates in vain. He cannot speculate. He
labors and must have his reward. These val-
leyB are surrounded by mountain ranges, from
which many rivers descend into the plains.
These mountain streams may be utilized by
turning them into canals and by "storing"
their surplus waters in winter in the mountains
by reservoirs, so as to secure an abundant
supply. There are sixteen streams heading in
mountains crowned with perpetual snow. The
life-giving waters are abundant. Man has only
to store and turn them into the valleys and
millions of acres of the richest lands may be
given to perennial cultivation. A region five
hundred miles in length and over forty miles
wide, an area of over twenty-five thousand
square miles, or fifteen million acres, might
be redeemed. Massachusetts, Vermont, and
Rhode Island might be set inside of its dimen-
sions.
These lands might produce one hundred
million bushels of wheat annually if fully cul-
tivated. They will yield also cotton and other
products equally well.
Here are extracts from statements and re-
ports of a distinguished civil engineer, a mem-
ber of the institute, C. E. England, who exam-
ined these valleys, and who is practically
familiar with the syBtem of irrigation in opera-
tion in India, and from other sources deemed
authentic:
*' San Joaquin and Sacramento valley.
" Length, 500 miles; width, 50miles; average area
of the irrigable lands, 25,000 square mileB—10,000,000
acres."
"Area of the mountains draining into this valley,
50,000 square miles."
"Soil—a rich and light loam, easily cultivated—
produces wheat, cotton, tobacco, flax, hops, grapes—
perennial cultivation with water for irrigation."
"Rains fall between November and April only.
Drought four years in every seven. Vast facilities
for storage works in the Sierra Nevada mountains
and the Mount Diablo range of mountains."
"Tulare lake at the head of the San Joaquin or
Tulare valley contains over five hundred thousand
acres of water at low water stage; elevation two
hundred feet above the sea; no mountains or hills
between it and tide-water. Six feet off its surface
will furnish water enough to irrigate five million
acres of grain or cotton." 'r -
"Over three hundred thousand tons oi wheat
exported from the valley in 1872, worth $12,000,000
to the farmer." , „ - .
"2. I found all the land of the valley between.
Banta's station and Firebaugh's ferry, -and . from,
thence southward along the overflowed lands &s far
as Fresno City, (which was as far as X went,) to
be more or less of a rich alluvial soil, a mixture of
adobe and sand, there being sufficient sand with the
clay to prevent the soil from cracking even ih this
severe season of drought; and all that seems want-
ing to make the raising of wheat, corn, sugar-beet,
cotton, tobacco, hemp, ramie, and other valuable
froducts an absolute certainty throughout the lands
saw is water.
"3. The drought this season (1871) has been so
severe and long continued that the entire western
side of this valley is cropless and apparently a mere
dusty desert; water is only visible in the river and
sloughs that connect with it. . . .
"4. The hot winds, the very dry climate, and the
general d,usty nature of the soil of the valley remind
me much of many parts of India, as some, of these
were before irrigation works were carried out, and
oonvince me that similar irrigation enterprise in
this valley will make it one of the richest and most
productive valleys in the United States, as it pos-
sesses heat, soil, and water, and these combined will
always make agriculture, gardening, and arboricul-
ture both sure and profitable.
"5. Not only has nature formed a rich soil in this
valley, but she has also laid out the burface of the
land generally so even and regular that it would
bo scarcely possible to find an easier country to irri-
gate, and indeed I have not seen it equaled."
"Hydrography of the country. •  
"For a successful field of artificial irrigation the
natural features and physical character of acountry
are important requisites, as-well as^that of hydrog-
raphy. The rivers and streams from which- the
waters are to bo taken for successful irrigation on an
extensive scale should take their rise in mountain
regions of perpetual snow. To the periodic melting
of the snows the rivers maintain that permanency
of volume which is the first essential element of
success to such an enterprise. Where this character-
istic is wanting the irrigation must be limited and
local. No groat works can be undertaken unless a 
perennial supply for them is secured, • The great
" San Joaquin and Sacramento valleys.
lying at the base of the Sierra Nevada ehain of
mountains, many of whose crests are clad with per-
petual snow, and in the solitudes of which the rivers
take their rise, givo the advantage of permanency
of supply to the works of irrigation which are and
may be constructed in these valleys. The names
of tho several rivers which take their rise in this
extensive rango of mountains which form the east-
ern boundary of these great plains, and whose waters
can bo made available for their,fertilisation, com-
mencing at the south and passingnorthwarcL are as
follows: Kern, Tule, Kahweah, Kings, San Joaquin,
Merced, Tuolumne, Stanislaus, and Calaveras, for
tho San Joaquin valley, and for the Sacramento
valley, the American, Yuba, Feather, Putah river,
and Cache creek, and tho upper waters of the Sac-
ramento river.
"Storing in the mountain valleys the waters of
these rivers, now running to waste, and liberating
them as required, will not only irrigate the lands in
tho plains and the foot-hills, but also improve the
lands on the navigable rivers.
" Tulare lake.
" This magnificent sheet of water is situate in Tu-
lare county, and is rather over two hundred feet
above tide water. It has an area of about seven
hundred square miles, or nearly five hundred thou-
sand acres, or two billion one hundred million
square yards. Not only is this lake the common re-
ceptaole for the drainage of the country, but it is
fed by the waters of Kings river, Kern river, and
Buena Vista and Kern lakes, and a large number of
minor streams. In the summer, when the snow
melts on the Sierras, immense volumes of water are
discharged into this lake. * Six feet in depth off the
area of this lake, at low water stage, would give
4,214,000,000 cubic yards, and would be sufficient to
irrigate over two million acres of grain in the dryest
seasons, and five million acres in seasons of ordinary
rainfall.'
"Careful surveys and estimates have been made
for extensive works for reclamation and irrigation
in this portion of the valley. A summary of the
lands roughly estimated as capable of irrigation
2,806,000 acres, and reclamation 3,806,000 acres, in the
counties of Kern, Tulare, Fresno, and San Joaquin.
Six million acres capable of redemption by irriga-
tion and drainage.
44 To build embankments to restrain tho waters of
Tulare Lake within the area of low-watershoreline ;
to build levees, dykes, and embankments for con-
trolling the streams in time of flood; to cut ditches
and channels for reclaiming the swamp and over-
flowed lands, and to construct a canal and works of
irrigation, will demand a very large expenditure.
It is an immense undertaking for private enterprise,
unassisted in any manner by Government aid.
