1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
42d Cong....3d Sbss.
Irrigation—Mr. Stevenson.
Ho. of Reps.
We believe itig susceptible of demonstration, if
intelligently looked into, that this undertaking,
carried out in its entirety, and its extension to the
whole of the San Joaquin and most of the Sacra-
mento valley,, and to other available and necessary
portions of the State, will confer more substantial,
material, and moral benefits upon California than
any other enterprise as yet developed, or that can
be engaged in. Why was it that .this country of
sunshine, rich soil, and genial climate halted, as it
were, in its onward progress just ^ the completion
of the overland railroad opened our doors for the
inspection of the world? Drought—drought fol-
lowed this historical event—three years of drought
hung over the land while the flood of visitors to our
shores were taking an inventory of our natural
advantages, and wero gauging this country by an
eastern and northern standard.
44 There'is more intrinsic value in the snowy peaks
and condensing crests of the Sierra Nevada mount-
ains than there is in the rich veins of gold and min-
erals that ramify their dark and solid interior.
These lofty peaks and corrugated ridges afford an
area of condensation and catchment double that of
the extensive plains and foot-hills that lie at their
western base.
" If rain never fell in these great central plains of
California,' there is waterenough in the mountains,
derived from snows and rains which fall there in
periodic regularity, and also from artesian wells,
for irrigating the lands equally as well as tho rain-
less lands of Egypt and of Seinde, in India, are irri-
gated. It should be remembered that the rain-fall
on the Pacific coatft is confined to five months of
the year, and is not intermittent, as in the eastern
States/ 'The drainage from the mountains, even
in the seasons of minimum rain and snow fall, is
immense, and only requires to be stored and utilized.'
We will now notice
" The vast area of these plains.
"The San Joaquin and Sacramento valleys,
although designated by different names, (the names
of the two great rivers,) aro, in reality, one vast
§lain, occupying nearly a central position in the
tate of California. Tbe northern part of this plain
has the Sacramento river running nearly through
its centre in a southerly direction ; and the southern
part has the San Joaquin river running through a
large portion of it m a northerly direction. These
two large and navigable streams discbarge their
waters into Suisun bay, thence through the straits
of Carquinez into San Pablo bay, thence into tho
bay of San Francisco.
"These plains aro fully five hundred miles in
length, and have an average width, including only
the lowest a«d easily cultivatable foot-hills, of forty
miles, giving an area of twenty-five thousand square
miles, or fifteen million acres.of farming land in a
single connected body. What a magnificent ar-
rangement for a large agricultural population! If
the whole of the States of Massachusetts, Vermont,
and Rhode Island were placed in it, there would
be six hundred and eighty-two square miles uncov-
ered.
** To apportion this area between the two valleys,
the San Joaquin has the largest part, or twelve
thousand square miles, or 7,680,000 acres, and the
Sacramento has eight thousand square miles, or
5,120.000 acres. This area already given only in-
cludesthesmallestfoot-hills. Butifweonlyascend
the accessible and fertile slopes on both sides of this
immense plain we may add fully fifty per cent, to
that area. And if we go to the mountain jaeaks we
can double the extent.
44 Wo know that these two valleys, in the past sea-
son of general moisture, with not one fourth of their
present available area under the most imperfect cul-
ture, produced nearly twenty million bushels of
wheat, beside other products, of great value.
" Two thirds at least of the whole area of the San
Joaquin valley can be easily irrigated. Is it not
therefore evident that if an ample supply of moisture
be secured yearly to this valley alone its products
would be of more value than all the mines as yet
developed on the coast. This valley has 7,680,000
acres. Now we will allow for the area taken up and
to be taken up by the rivers, roads, towns, dwellings,
vegetable gardens, pastures, and for cotton culture
and horticultural purposes, the odd 3,680,000 acres;
leaving 4,000,000 acres for the raising of wheat. This
should yield, under proper culture and irrigation, an
average at least of twenty-five bushels per acre per
annum. This would give a reliable product of
100,000,000 bushels, or 3,000,000 tons of wheat annu-
ally; enough to load 3,000 ships of 1,000 tons each.
"We also know that tho land and the sunshino
are in the valley, and the waters are always in the
mountains. These lands have also produced some
cotton and corn, and will produce fully 500,000 acres
of cotton annually, equal to 100,000,000 pounds. The
Creator has done ninety-nine parts in the hun-
dred of tho possibility, and it only remains for man
to do the hundredth part to secure its reality."
"The hydraulic agricultural result of this system
of irrigation and reclamation would be a minimum
yield of grain equal to (640,000 acres X 35 bushels)
21,400,000 bushels, and which yield would, of course,
be doubled if a second crop, consisting of corn and
cotton, was raised, and as the price per bushel of
grain is not likely to be less than one dollar, tho
total value per crop would be $35 per acre, or
$21,500,000.
"I saw in Bakersfield and its environs magnifi-
cent crops of Indian corn growing, which had been
sown about the end of June and beginning of July,
after a crop of wheat had been obtained off thesame
land. The corn in one field averaged from sixteen
to eighteen feet in height; the cobs were of immense
size and about a span in length. This was the result
ofirrigation alone; as tho rest of the country, with
precisely the same soil, was quite barren and deso-
late from the drought. I was also shown fields of
alfalfa which had already yielded under irrigation
three crops, averaging from six to eight tons per
acre. These facts prove the immense value of hy-
draulic agriculture, especially in years of severe
drought as this has been."
" It may be thought on reading the above remarks
that I am endeavoring to make out that this coun-
try is an agricultural aud horticultural El Dorado,
but the truth is that nature has so lavished her gifts
in the way of rich soils, an almost tropical climate,
with regularity of seasons, and great facilities for
irrigating the lands, that man has only to collect,
store, and distribute the greatest treasure of all,
namely: the waters from the mountains, which
hitherto have run to waste, and in doing this he is
repaid two and three hundredfold in the abundant
yield of the watered lands.
44 The effeot of irrigation will also bo tho growth
of timber throughout the valley, and the settler will
be able in three years to grow a live fence of willow,
os&ge orange, cottonwood or poplar, with the grape
vines, the rasp berry, the blackberry and the mulberry
intertwined, for about ten cents per rod, instead of
the lumber or dead fence whioh costs him fVom$l 50
to $2 50 per rod, or $480 to $800 per mile." *
" A good deal of land has been irrigated in Tulare
county this season from Kings river and the Four
creeks, and some very fine crops of corn and alfalfa
have been raised, so that the laruwtaj and others are
keenly alive to the importance and value of irri-
gation.
" From the Fresno river to the Tuolumne river
there are sevoral rivers and streams whioh flow with
considerable volume during the winter and spring
months, and whose waters could be easily stored in
valleys within tho foot-hills, so as to supply tho
valuable lands just below the foot-hills with ample
means for irrigation during tho dry season. I con-
sider this work of storing water in the hills one of
considerable promiso and value, and also one of
small oost, comparatively with the agricultural
results arising from such a system of irrigation."
" A certain amount of irrigation has already been
carried out this season in Fresno, Tulare, and Kern
counties, quite sufficient to demonstrate the valuo
of water in a season ot terrible drought as this has
boon. All these irrigated spots stand oat like an
oasis in an Arabian desert.
" When you consider that every cubic foot of water
per second of continuous flow is sufficient to irrigate
at least two hundred acres of grain, and that with
water these rich alluvial soils will yield probably
not less than thirty bushels per crop per acre; and
also thatth.e price of grain is not likely to be less
than one dollar per bushel, you will see1 that every
cubic foot of water per second has a minimum value
of (two hundred by thirty) $6,000.
It is surprising to observe the energy and enter-
prise the poor farmers and others have shown in the
oarryingoutoftheseveral ditches in Fresno, Tulare,
and Kern counties."
" I trust I have shown clearly enough that the
development of an irrigation system in the drought-
smitten plains and valleys is of the utmost import-
ance.
"It is the only means you have of obtaining a
permanent class of settlers, namely, by securing
their lands from drought.
" With water, rich soils, and heat combined, the
productiveness of this country will be so great that
the present wandering and never-settled class of
cultivators, who are in the San Joaquin Valley this
year and next year in Oregon and so on, will give
place to settlers who will delight in making Cali-
fornia their permanent abode."
" California is greater in area than Great Britain
and Ireland, and could better support an equally
large population, because the climate in these plains
admits of the cul ti vation of two crops a year, and the
raising of all the most profitable products and fruits
of a semi-tropical country."
The storage system has been long in use in
India; millions of people are dependent upon
it. Vast areas, thickly populated, could not;
be tilled for a year without irrigation, and this
has been so for generations—for centuries.
The map of parts of India looks like a chart of
lakes and rivers, so. thickly laid are the artifi-
cial basins of water and the canals, which are
used for irrigation and navigation as well.
It seems that' in the hands of intelligence
and enterprise every part of our domain can
be made useful. Our great rivers which
diverge and flow apart to the seas rise in the
mountains almost within hail of each other.
From the summits of the Rocky mountains
you may trace the drainage of streams flowing
to the lakes, the Gulf, the Atlantic, and the
Pacific; and from every attendant chain of
mountains tributary streams break forth and
flow to join the chief rivers on their way to
t.he seas.
We may yet find means to lead all these
waters through the deserts which thirst for
them, and thus make every part of our land
habitable for the people; multiplying home-
steads, solidifying the Republic, and greatly
enhancing the national wealth, happiness, and
power. I trust this bill will be passed and
liberally carried out, and that it will initiate
improvements which will honor-this Congress
while " water runs and grass grows," while
grain ripens in the sun, while fruit bends the
bough, while grapes cluster on the vine, and
flowers bloom upon the air.
Mr. Speaker, the Republic appears to have
risen above the region of mere party politics.
Questions which heretofore occupied the
thought and absorbed the time of statesmen
have been settled either by reason and judg-
ment or by arras.
The nation emerges from the conflicts of the
past, one of the greatest Powers of the earth
and of history, with an assured future, the
thought of which expands the mind ; but with
all this national glory there seems to be a
lapsing of individual greatness, a subsidence
of that noble and ennobling disinterested patri-
otism which characterized and distinguished
Americans iu our early history and in our recent
struggle. Why is this? Is it not because
there seems little left to be done for the
il country because tbe Republic has become
too great any longer to need the services of
her children, and therefore her children, see-
ing that their devotion is not needed, revert to
the selfishness to which man is prone, and
begin to look after their own petty interests
ana affairs,.sometimes even to the public detri-
ment ?
Among a free people every emergency seems
to summon men adequate to meet it; but now
that there appears no emergency citizens re-
lapse into ordinary affairs and conditions, and
patriotism is dormant. <
Hence there is little in the disappearance
of public spirit which should alarm. The
danger is in loug-continued indifference which
may bping up generations of non-patriotic citi-
zens who, looking to the aggregate of national
power and prosperity, and seeing nothing to
be done for the common weal, but much to
be gained from the common wealth, may cou-
fine their exploits to the increase and sharing
of 44public spoils."
The fall of empires and republics may be
traced through history to this source. The
true statesman, looking .to national perma-
nence and health, will be most anxious to see
those citizens who are in the public service or
who aspire to such employment continually
doing or contemplating some public good.
There is no better means of maintaining aud
exalting the character of men than exercise
in good works.
Necessity and opportunity to serve the coun-
try make patriots; necessity and opportunity
to serve mankind make philanthropists. He
who would maintain and promote patriotism
and philanthropy must give them exercise.
If there be no necessity for self-sacrifice in
the defense of the country—and happily there
is none—then let us consider what good thing
those in authority can do for the people, for
generations to come, for mankind.
Whoever considers this question will see
that the most obvious public want is the mate-
rial improvement of the interior of the coun-
try, the development of its natural resources
and means of communication, the utilization
of native elements. Let the minds of public
men and of the people be turned more and
more to these subjects and they will draw
hence the inspiration of patriotism.
Among all the works of material develop-
ment what is there more beneficenMfcaa the
