1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
80 much of this indemnity fund; and for that
reason I rose to say that I think there is the
broadest distinction in the world whether this
money comes out of the fund or out of the
Treasury, for I understand that there is in
contemplation a project to turn the whole
fund over to the Japanese Government. That
may be right; that is to say, it may be true
that the time has come when it is expedient
and proper for us to release all claim we have
upon that Government for this indemnity fund,
trusting to the good faith and good conduct of
that nation, and therefore that it is no longer
necessary to hold the fund. But, as at pres-
ent advised, I am in favor of paying this money
out of the fund.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President  !
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business is now before the Senate, being Sen-
ate bill No. 698. The Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Anthony,] however, asks unani-
mous consent that the bill which has been
debated this morning be voted upon, and the
amendments thereto, without further debate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If it can be
voted upon I will consent to forego calling
up the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is subject to
five minutes' debate by each Senator.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I object to
farther debate.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I under-
stand this Japanese indemnity fund to be a
part 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Vermont make a point against the Sen-
ator from Indiana or not?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As the Sen-
ator has already commenced, I will forego
until he gets through his five minutes.
Mr. MORTON. I am not at all anxious to
proceed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Unquestion-
ably it will not take many minutes to get a
vote on the bill which is the regular order of
the day. This question, perhaps, ought to be
longer debated ; and I should prefer that the
bill which is the regular order of the day be
taken up and acted upon, and let this come np
immediately afterward.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont demands the regular order of
business. The Senate therefore passes from
the consideration of the bill which has been
discussed, which will remain at the head of
unobjected cases on the Calendar for future
consideration, and resumes the consideration
of the bill which is the unfinished business of
yesterday.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Tie Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
693) to provide for the further endowment and
support of colleges for the benefit of agricul-
ture and the mechanic arts, and the liberal and
practical education of the industrial classes in
the several pursuits and professions in life, as
established under an act of Congress approved
July 2, 1862, the pending question being on
the amendment of Mr. Stewart, which was
to insert at the end of the fourth section the
following additional proviso :
And, provided further, That if the States of Nevada
and California shall so elect, mining schools may be
established in said States; and such schools shall
receive the benefits, or so much thereof as may be
necessary for the establishment of such mining
schools, of this act and all other acts providing for
the establishment and endowment of agricultural
colleges.
Mr. STEWART. What I desire to accom-
plish by this amendment I can do by a special
bill, and as the friends of this bill fear that it
will embarrass it, I do not desire to press the
amendment now. I will prepare a special
bill, which I think is necessary to accomplish
the purpose. I do not press it "now, as I can
provide for it in another way after this bill
goes through. I think the cases of Nevada
and California stand on peculiar grounds, and
I prefer to introduce a special bill which shall
be carefully considered and which shall answer
the same purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that the Senator from Nevada with-
draws the amendment.
Mr. STEWART. I do not know that I have
authority to withdraw it, as it has been
amended since I offered it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays have been ordered; but, if there be no
objection, the amendment can be withdrawn.
Is there objection ? The Chair hears none. It
is withdrawn. The bill is still open to amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to perfect the bill in case it passes; I
suppose, however, there will be no objection
to it:
That no college organized under this act, or under
the act approved July 2, 1862, herein referred to,
shall make any discrimination in favor of students
residing in the State in which it is located; but all
persons resident in the United States shall be ad-
mitted to and be educated in said college on the
same terms and conditions as if resident in said State.
And the endowment provided in this act shall be
subject to the conditions and limitations prescribed
. in said act of July 2, 1862.
I In regard to the first clause of this amend-
j ment, 1 will say that as this fund is admitted
I to be unequally and unfairly distributed ac-
cording to population, it is but right that
if there are more students, for instance, in
j the State of New York than can be accom-
modated in one college in the State of New
' York, or than can be accommodated on the en-
dowment fund provided for the State of New
York, they ought to have the free right to go
to the State of Connecticut or any other State,
because as each of the States gets the dame
amount of fund, the idea of discrimination
by State lines should be abolished. Under
the act of 1862 any State might make such
regulations as it chose. The act of 1862 is
founded upon an entirely different idea from
this act. The act of 1862 provides for State
schools and State colleges to be regulated
by State authority, and they might very prop-
erly make a discrimination in favor of youths
resident in their own State. But as a matter
of course, now that the fund is to be distrib- J
uted in the way proposed by this bill, this dis- !
crimination would be grossly unfair. j
The second clause of the amendment is still ;
more important. Under the act of 1862 cer-
tain provisions are made for assistance by
the States; for instance, the property must be
exempt from taxation, the State must con-
tribute a certain portion toward the buildings,
i and the endowment fund is to be preserved
| intact, the interest only of which can be used
! for the support of the colleges. But under
i the bill before us the whole fund may be
expended on different terms and conditions.
I have read it carefully ; I think it is open to
that objection. I hope therefore, if this bill
is to pass, which I should very much regret,
it will be passed with some such provision as
this.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the Senator
from Ohio if he has used the words " residents
of the United States" as contradistinguished
from citizens?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care about that.
I used the word "residents" purposely so
that if any foreigners were here, and if for-
eigners came here to avail themselves of our
colleges, they should have the benefit of them.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator did not explain
that as his idea.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the German
idea ; and colleges in other countries are open
to all people.
Mr. HOWE. I have no objection to that
myself.
Mr. SCOTT. It struck me on hearing the
amendment read that it will have the effect
of compelling the agricultural colleges in those
States which have established them, New
York and Pennsylvania for instance, to re-
ceive students from those States that have not
availed themselves of the benefit of the act.
Is that the effect? I should like to have it
read to see if it will not have that effect.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will have the effect to
throw the schools open to all residents of the
United States on the same terms.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. I think the amendment is
open to the objection I have stated. Now, the
idea of this bill is that it is to aid colleges
which are already established in many in-
stances, or to induce the establishment of
others in the different States. Take the illus-
tration which the Senator from Ohio has given
where a college in New York or in Pennsyl-
vania may be overcrowded, and it may be de-
sirable to obtain admission for the students of
those States in the colleges of other and
smaller States. But take the converse of that
proposition ; take New York and Pennsylva-
nia, both of which have established agricul-
tural colleges largely aided by those States,
and suppose that they are overcrowded in
consequence of the large population of those
States ; then by this amendment you compel
those States to admit students from other States
who have made no provision of this character,
and thus add to the overcrowded state of the
colleges in those States.
It seems to me that those States which do not
avail themselves of the provisions of this act
ought not to ask that the States which have by
their State funds contributed to the endow-
ment of these colleges shall receive students
from all quarters upon equal terms.
Mr. HOWE. 1 want to suggest to the
Senator from Pennsylvania that as the Sena-
tor from Ohio has just explained it the amend-
ment is open to a criticism larger than that.
It breaks down not only all discrimination
between citizens of those States which have
and those which have not founded agricul-
tural colleges, but throws down all discrim-
ination between citizens of our country and
those of all other countries.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that that is right
because I believe that that is the rule of all
universities, that universities and colleges
should be open to all the world without dis
crimination ; but if the Senator from Wiscon-
sin makes a point upon that, it can be very
easily changed by inserting "citizens of the
United States."
In regard to the point made by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, that is necessarily in-
volved in the foundation of this bill This
bill goes upon the idea that it costs as much
to educate the fifty thousand youths of one of
the medium States as it would the two mil-
lion or million and a half of youths in the
State of New York ; and therefore, unless we
make this provision, the endowment for a col-
lege in the State of Vermont, with a compara-
tively small population, will be about twenty
or thirty dollars per inhabitant—I do not know
the exact figures—while in the State of New
York it would be only a dollar per inhabitant.
That is an inequality ; and my. amendment
seeks to break down this obviously plain and
palpable inequality by allowing the students
from the larger States to go to the colleges
founded in the smaller States. If you do not,
the bill upon the face is so palpably unjust
that it cannot be defended.
The Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Patterson,] in defending the division of this
fund according to States, giving the same
amount to each State, said that colleges were
not bounded by State lines, that the youths of
New Hampshire would not be admitted only
in New Hampshire ; but he said that many of
those from the western country and the north-
ern country came to the college where_ he at
one time was, the very important institution
known as Dartmouth College. That is true.
But if* the States—and these are State institu-
tions—may discriminate against the citizen of
another State and may confine the benefits of
