558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
the endowments of the college in their State
to the youths in that State, then the inequality
is grossly unjust.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say that I have
no objection to the amendment of my friend
from Ohio; but I should like to ask him a ques-
tion. Will it not be likely to drive students
from States where the agricultural college is
located at a place in which board is dear, to \
those States where board is cheap, so that a
college located in a country town where board
is cheap will get the students from the larger
States where board is dear? For instance, if
a college was located at Philadelphia or New
York, board would be much higher than it
would at Dartmouth, and we should get all
the students, we should be crowded, and they
would get none of them.
Mr. SHERMAN. That shows the utterly ,
indefensible position upon which this bill
stands. The argument made by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire now is the last
argument against the bill, that you by this bill
compel the establishment of colleges in States
that are not adapted to build up colleges ;
you compel the establishment of a college in
a State that has now no facilities for properly
taking care of youths, and you compel this
to be done, as the Senator from New York
[Mr. Conkling] suggested to me, within five
years.
The whole theory of the bill, I contend, is
wrong, and it is shown clearly by the observa-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire. If
a State may discriminate against youths from
another State, as a matter of course these are
local colleges and every State will pass laws
declaring that the youths of that State shall
have the benefit of the endowment, and if
youths come to that college from another
State they must pay a tuition fee. That will
be the discrimination made in the first in-
stance. In Other words, the youths of New
Hampshire would get the benefit of an endow-
ment of at least ten dollars per inhabitant,
while the youths of Ohio would get an endow-
ment of but one dollar per inhabitant.
Besides, colleges will be established in New
Hampshire where the climate is healthy and
beautiful, where schools have been established,
where living is cheap, and where the habits of
the people accord with the idea of rapid and
vigorous education, and you compel colleges
to be established in other communities—I will
not name them—where living is very dear,
where it is unreasonably expensive to support
youths, where building material is very ex-
pensive, and yet you are required to build
these colleges in five years in States and com-
munities that are illy adapted to establish
institutions of learning of any kind at the
public expense.
Mr. President, although I cannot vote for
this bill I desire to put it in a position where
it will be as defensible as possible, and I think
the ground upon which it rests is that these
colleges are distributed through the States as
a mere matter of convenience, and not to give
an advantage to the youths of the smaller
States, but that these colleges shall be open
to all the citizens of the United States, leaving
every citizen and every youth to judge where
it is for his interest to go, and where it is best
for him to go to get the foundation for a good
practical education.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Pres-
ident, I did not suppose it was possible that
there was another arrow left in the quiver of
my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] I
thought he had let fly yesterday every one he
had upon the subject. I regret that the Sen-
ator has not placed himself in such an attitude
that we can regard any motions coming from
him in a friendly light; but I will say to our
friends, beware of the gifts of the Greeks!
Now, in relation to this matter, if the Sen-
ator from Ohio had studied the subject he
would have found there was not a single one
of these agricultural colleges, as he persists
in calling them, not a single national college
in the whole country that makes any discrim-
ination against students. They are all desir-
ous and glad to have them come from whatever
quarter of the country they may. The college
in Michigan is glad to get students from Ohio;
the college in Massachusetts glad to get
students from South Carolina; and in many
of these institutions the tuition is entirely free
for all. It is so in Illinois. There is, then, no
necessity at all for this amendment. Under
the original act only ten per cent, of the
amount can be appropriated for the erection
of public buildings. All the remainder is to
be for the support of professorships and other
purposes that are pertinent to the establish-
ment of a college.
Now, Mr. President, it is quite obvious that
the amendment was introduced for the pur-
pose of exciting some discussion and conten- t
tion among the friends of the bill. I think !
that throughout the entire country there is no j
fault found with the present basis of the na-
tional colleges, and I trust we shall not allow
a new feature to be introduced at this moment.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I only
wish to state why I cannot vote for the amend-
ment of my colleague. That amendment has
very clearly shown the impropriety of this bill,
I think, because it has shown that you cannot,
unless the amendment be adopted, have that
argument upon which it was pretended yester-
day the bill could be sustained ; that is, that
students would go from other States into the
colleges of States in which they do not belong.
The right to do so will not be accorded to
them by the friends of this bill.
If the fact that students may come from
other States would afford justification for ap-
propriating to a State with but fifty thousand
people in it the same amount that yot} appro-
priate to a State with three or Jour million
people, then it would follow as a matter of
course that the amendment of my colleague
ought to be adopted, so as to secure that right
to the children of the other States who might
want to go to these colleges in States to which
they do not belong. But the friends of the
bill will not agree to that. They want the
money upon the argument that these colleges
will be open to children all over the United
States ; but when my colleague puts them to
the test, proposes to put it into the bill that
they shall be open without discrimination, then
they oppose it, then they say that he is a Greek
coming in tendering deceitful things, that he
is a Trojan horse!
Mr. President, I cannot vote for this prop-
osition of my colleague for quite another
reason than that which has been suggested.
These colleges are endowed by public money,
by money or land that belongs to the whole
people of the United States. They are not
private institutions endowed by private benefi-
cence. They are public institutions endowed
and supported by public money just precisely
as your common schools are, and upon the
principle of common schools ought to be open
to everybody without any charge for educa-
tion.
But that is not all, sir. I know that it is very
seriously argued by some people that the best
way to use this money, the best way to admin-
ister these colleges, is to select a certain num-
ber of youths, and not only educate them, but
support them during the time of their educa-
tion out of the funds of the colleges. The
number of students then would be very limited.
If you come to look at the amount of income
that a college would have even if this bill should
pass, in some of the States you will find that its
revenue would not be more than thirty-five or
thirty-six thousand dollars a year from all the
endowment that you have made for it; and
if that is to be applied in the manner that
some people think it ought, not simply to the
remitting of tuition fees, but to the actual
support of a limited number of students; in
other words, to make it a college for the educa-
tion of children whose parents are not able to
educate them at their own expense, then the
amendment of my colleague if ingrafted on
the bill would utterly destroy that idea; for it
would become impracticable if all the chil-
dren everywhere were to have equal rights to
come in and participate in that bounty.
I do not undertake to say whether that is the
best way to make use of this money or not.
If this money is, as seems most likely, to be
employed simply to endow some college just
precisely as we have now, except that you tack
to it a department that you call a department
of agriculture, and also a faculty of mechanics,
as if mechanics were not taught now in every
college of any standing in the whole country—
I mean scientific, theoretical mechanics—and
nobody supposes that these colleges are to
teach practical mechanics, or that many of
them are to teach practical farming either; if
the money be so employed, it will not do much
more than it does now. If you go simply to
the theory either of agriculture or of mechanics,
they are taught already, and were before the
act of 1862 was passed ; and therefore if these
endowments are simply to make such univer-
sities and colleges as we have now, and merely
endow a chair of chemistry, or if you choose
to call it so a chair of agriculture, and another
a chair of mechanics, of theoretical mechanics,
of applied mechanics, that is all there is to be
done with it; you have simply a setof colleges
to which parents who are able to send their
children to them will send them, and the poor
will no more go to them then than they go
to those that existed before these grants were
made.
In other words, you have done nothing for
the poor youth of the country ; you have
simply built up colleges, you have endowed
colleges, but the people who are to have the
benefit of them will be precisely those who
have had the benefit of them heretofore, the
children of those parents who are able to send
and maintain their children at the colleges.
These provisions, therefore, are not provis-
ions in favor of the needy children. They are
not like your common schools ; they are not
like those schools which give education right
at a man's door to his children. You have
done nothing in the world but endowed cer-
tain chairs in existing universities, or in uni-
versities or colleges that may be created, and
then the advantages of those colleges will be
enjoyed by the children of those who are able
to send their children and maintain them at
the colleges, whether you pay the tuition fees
or do not pay them, for in respect to the tuition
fee at a college it is a mere bagatelle.
There are plenty of fathers on this floor who
can tell of their sons costing them at college
for the last five or ten years from a thousand
to fifteen hundred dollars each year. A gen-
tleman told me yesterday who ought to know
that he believed the average at Yale of expenses
per head now was $1,200, and he was a gen-
tleman from Connecticut who knows right well,
well. How much of thatconsists of tuition fees
of the college? Not $200; the rest of it is for
expenses. 1 know of youths costing over $1,500
a year at colleges where the tuition fees do not
amount to more than $100. It is the expense of
living at the colleges that costs. And therefore
you may establish these colleges as much as you
please, and enable them to give tuition free,
and still you do not enable the poor youths of
the country to get education at them at all. It
is not the tuition fees that prevent the poor
man from sending his child to college; it is
the expense after he sends him to college
which deters him from doing it-
In view of these facts, and in view of the
fact that we have plenty of colleges in the
country at which the man of means can sup-
port his child and have him educated, ay,
and have him educated in everything that
pertains to agriculture and mechanics so far
as he can be at any college, just as well as he
would be in any institution endowed by Con-
