1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Louisiana—Mr. Gasserly.
Senate.
nection with this most unhappy matter, they
all agree as to the conduct of Judge Durell.
I say, sir, I shall not use any language of my
own to speak of him or his conduct. There
are reasons that must be obvious to every Sen-
ator upon a moment's reflection which restrain
me. I am at liberty, however, to refer to
what the report now upon our desks shows as
to the judgment of the committee in respect
of him and his doings in New Orleans.
I do not agree, and I rose to-night as much
to say that as anything, to the flimsy attempts
that have been made here, as they have been
made elsewhere, to excuse, much less to jus-
tify, the President of the United States for his
course. What nonsense it is to say that he
was bound by the order of a Federal judge.
I know he is no lawyer; but he has lawyers
about him, and surely no man who knows
anything about law would ever have advised
the President that he was called upon to sup-
port a Federal judge in the execution of an
order which on its face was a bald, manifest
usurpation, utterly wanting in jurisdiction of
any sort whatever. But, lawyer or not, makes
no difference.- It is not a question as to what
lawyers may have thought, or advised. Yqu
cannot shelter the President behind any such
screen.
I do not put this on the ground that by the
very act, " the bayonet bill," under which the
suit was brought, elections for .President, for
Representatives in Congress, for members of
a State Legislature were expressly excepted
from the act; were expressly withdrawn from
the jurisdiction of the Federal courts; and
that in bold defiance of this plain prohibition
this Federal judge took jurisdiction of the ex-
cepted cases, and specially dealt with the mem-
bers of the State Legislature, whom by his
notorious" order" ofDeceinberG, 1872, backed
up by the armed forces of the United States,
he admitted to seats or excluded them from
seats, in bis discretion and the discretion of the
United States Marshal. I say nothing of all this
and I say nothing of the character otherwise
of the unexampled paper of- December 5,
miscalled an "order," issued by him at mid-
night, out of his own head, nobody having
applied for it, attested by no clerk of a court,
not signed by him as judge, a private mem-
orandum, under which a State government,
Legislature and all, was set up in Louisiana
which has been ever since maintained there.
These things bring out in bold relief the
enormity of the transaction. I do not rest
myself upon them, however; I stand on
broader ground, and I look through the form
of the proceedings to their substance and
effect. Their substance and effect were that
this Federal judge took it on himself to decide
which of two contending governments was the
lawful government of Louisiana.
In doing this and just this the President sus-
tained him by the armed forces of the United
States, and continued to sustain him until his
lawless proceedings bore fruit in the Kellogg
government, a government which the Senator
from Wisconsin, .[Mr. Carpenter,] as the
chairman of the Senate committee, speaking
for himself and the other members of the
committee, seven in number, except the Sen-
ator from Indiana, [Mr. Mokton,J being all
but one friends of the Administration, has
denounced, in the language of the report, as a
usurpation and a shameless fraud.
But, say the President's political friends
here—for however they differ as to the bill
they are of one voice on this—"he had no
time to examine into the facts; he was obliged
to act at once in order to keep the peace." Has
he "had no time" ever since the first day
of last December, now almost three months?
Does he not know "the facts" now? He has
but to read them as set forth with remarkable
unanimity by the Senate committee of seven.
six of them his political supporters in the
report on this very Louisiana question. Why
does he not even now withdraw the armed
hand which alone upholds the Kellogg govern-
ment by the chin and thus allow the McEnery
government, which has the only prima facie
claim to be the government, to be installed,
leaving the question of right to be tried by
the courts?
Mr. President, surely the present Chief
Magistrate cannot be so ignorant of the history
of his country ; he cannot be so ignorant of the
outlines at least of the celebrated Dorr case in
Rhode Island, as not to know that no judge
of any court has the least right in the world
to determine the question which of two con-
tending governments in a State is the lawful
government. What President who knows
anything of what he ought to know in respect
to the government of this country who does not
It now that much? Knowing that much, as I
must assume the President does know it, how
can he be excused for sustaining Judge Durell
in doing the very thing which he had not the
slightest right to do? Nothing in the world
is clearer upon a moment's reflection than
that the question which of ^he two govern-
ments in a State is the lawful government
never can be a judicial question. It is absurd
to say it. How can the question which is the
lawful government be a question turning on
the verdict of a jury or the rulings of a court?
I fear, sir, there is too much reason to believe
that the whole of the troublein Louisiana isdue
to a plan—I will not call it a plot—precon-
certed and carried out partly there and partly
here. There is a great deal in the testimony
that looks directly to a previous understanding
beween the Kellogg government and the Gov-
ernment here as to the steps to be taken by
the Government here in support of the gov-
ernment there under circumstances then im-
pending. Otherwise why was it that the sol-
diers were in New Orleans with such prompt-
itude ; otherwise why those declarations in the
papers so confidently thrown out on the part
of the Kellogg government and its supporters ?
They well understood their ground. They
knew what they had at their backs when they
took their position there. Does any man
doubt that but for the Federal power the Kel-
logg government never would have seen one
day in office there—certainly not a week?
The truth is, these attempts to excuse the
President are worse than idle at this late day
of his proceedings in Louisiana. From first
to last of them they were his work. By them-
selves Kellogg was nothing; Durell was noth-
ing. They were mere men of straw. It was
the President that was everything. ^ He alone
gave them power for mischief. The country
sees this if his partisans do not.
There were not two contending State gov-
ernments in the State of Louisiana when Gen-
eral Grant interfered. It was he that made
two governments there ; it was he that by bay-
nets set up and maintained from the first
hour to the present a contending State govern-
ment in Louisiana. But for him there would
have been no contention. But for him there
would have been no two State governments,
each claiming to be lawful; but for him this
fraudulent, sham, usurping Kellogg govern-
ment never would have seen a week's existence.
It would have passed away aft every such fic-
tion and delusion is certain to pass away in
politics as in everything else. The President
of the United States can have, whenever _he
wants them, after a fiercely contested election
in any State of this Union, two State govern-
ments. He can have them just by pursuing
the same evil policy which he has pursued in
respect of Louisiana. He can have them
always after a hotly contested election in
which the passions of men are aroused and
accusations of fraud and misdeeds are rife on
both sides, whenever the result is doubtful
or whenever it can be made doubtful by the
misconduct of officials or the distempered
fury of violent partisans. And what a prece-
dent he has set! Suppose his election had
depended upon that State. In the mercy of
Providence- it did not so depend, and I had
rather for my own part that his majority, were
it possible, were twice as great as it ia than to
see an issue o f that tremendous character forced
upon the people of this country. But suppose
it had depended on that State, where should we
have found ourselves? What a frightful ele-
ment in any such controversy would have been
the state of facts which I have been just dis-
cussing.
At this late hour, of course it is quite im-
possible, however strongly I may feel on the
subject of this bill or the body of facts con-
nected with it 
Mr. HILL. It is an early hour.
Mr. CAS3ERLY. It is an early hour, my
friend says. It is quite impossible that 1
should detain the Senate very long; but I must
deplore the condition of this bill as the result
of a debate so protracted as that which we
have had. Everything it should not have
done, it seems to me, the Senate has done in
respect to this bill. It has not even abstained
from indorsing, encouraging, and maintaining
now and for a period of time to come this
wretched fiction of a government in Louisiana,
a government that rests upon nothing, that
to-day if it could be brought before a court
of justice would have no scrap of title to show
for itself, would have absolutely nothing to
stand on except the farce of a certificate given
by a returning board which had before it no
subject-matter upon which to act or to exer-
cise its protended functions, because it had
no legal returns before it—not one. _ I say
that, sir, without the slighest hesitation. I
have examined this subject to the best of my
ability, and I repeat I do not go into any
of your discussions about this or that return-
ing board. They might both have bijen legal;
thev might both have been illegal. 1 care not;
the'substantial fact is, which side had the votes,
and that side had the votes which had the ma- *
jority of the votes on the face of the legal re-
turns. Prima facie, they had it. The pre-
sumption upon which all courts and all bodies
act was on that side. Every day in both
Houses of Congress men are admitted to seats
because they have the legal title on the face
of their papers. Every day an officer takes
his office because he has the legal returns at
his back, although on examination he may
afterward be removed. This great presumptive
right was and is wholly with the McEnery
government, because it alone had and has t.he
majority on the returns. The Kellogg govern-
ment had and has no pretense to it—none
whatever. Yet it has been put in and kept in
by contrivance and force, while the McEnery
government, having the prima facie case, has
been put out and kept out by the same means,
on vague surmises of frauds, which if true the
courts of Louisiana are entirely competent to
deal with in the usual way.
What mischief could have accrued to any
one, what injury, what wrong either to tho
State of Louisiana, to her people, to the Gov-
ernment, to the Chief Magistrate of the coun-
try, or to the dominant party, if the McEneiy
government had been allowed to organize in
peace and commence its duties? None what-
ever. Nobody has pretended any, although
of course we have been treated to all the old
stories about that "dark and bloody ground;"
existing mostly in fiction, of the State of Louis-
iana, and the specters of all those murders
years and years ago have again been brought
up, as if by some evil conjuror's wand, into
this Chamber to excite passions and to cloud
that calm judgment which the discussion of
