1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1523
committee of conference on the bill for the
relief of Horace Tyler, and ask that it be
disposed of at the present time.
The report was read, as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No 686) for
the relief of Horace Tyler, having met, after fall and
free discussion, have agreed to recommend to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the House and concur in an
amendment striking out $23,566 63 and inserting
$34,988 53 ; and that the House agree to the same.
JOHN SCOTT,
J. R. WEST,
H. G. DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
C. W. BUCKLEY,
L. A. SHELDON,
JOHN T. HARBtS,
Managers on the part of the Ho me.
Mr. EDMONDS. I should like to hear
the Senator state precisely what the point is
about that.
Mr. SCOTT. I did not hear the Senator.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I speak always just as
loud as I can, but everybody else is busy I
suppose, and it is very difficult to be heard.
I ask the Senator to be kind enough to ex-
plain to us precisely what the point is upon
that report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will
suspend conversation.
Mr. SCOTT. The bill as passed by the
Senate allowed to Horace Tyler the sum of
about $46,000 for endeavoring to complete
his contract for opening up the bar at the
southwest pass of the Mississippi river. It
went to the House, and they passed the bill,
reducing the amount to twenty-three thousand
and some hundreds of dollars. Upon a con-
ference, in the report of the committee they
have agreed upon a sum of about thirty-four
thousand and some nine hundred dollars as
the result of a full examination of the various
items which entered into the account. If the
Senator from Vermont desires a detailed ex-
planation of these items I will give it very
soon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. What are the items for,
in general?
Mr. SCOTT. The items were for the cost
of machinery put upon a boat for the purpose
of opening up the channel of the southwest
pass and money actually expended in labor
for the purpose of accomplishing the same
result.
Mr. CONKLING. Was there a contract?
Mr. SCOTT. There was a contract.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why did not that pro-
vide for it?
Mr. SCOTT. That would lead me into great
detail in making the explanation. There was
a contract which required the contractor to
begin at a certain period, and to complete the
excavation of the channel and keep it open
for another certain period. An appropriation
of $75,000 had been made for this purpose.
He failed to procure his machinery and have
it in readiness at the time he was to commence
the contract, and obtained three different
extensions of time. The engineer in charge
of the works, in reporting the reasons which
led to these detentions, recommended to the
War Department to allow him for the ma-
chinery which he had actually procured to
carry on his contract. It was an experiment
upon both sides. The cost of that machinery,
which the engineer himself recommended to
be paid for, would be very _ nearly $42,000,
and the report allows him thirty-four thousand
and some hundred dollars, that is about
$8,000 less than the report of the engineer
himself recommended. .
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suppose it is two late
to try to hold people to their contracts with
the United States in this particular instance,
for the bill has gone 10 a point of conference,
where it is impossible to stop it or have time
to debate it. I merely wish to put in——
Mr. WEST. We cannot hear the Senator
from Vermont here. I should like to hear
him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will
please suspend conversation. The Senator
from Louisiana states that he cannot hear the
Senator now upon the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It would not be of much
advantage to him, I am afraid, if he could. I
was merely stating that I want to put in my
respectful but decided protest against this sort
of legislation, making contracts according to
law with people to do something, and then, in
almost every instance where they apply, turn-
ing over and paying them more than the con-
tract requires, according to what may be con-
sidered to be the nature of their claim, when,
on the other hand, if they make a large sum
of money the Government is never able to
have any contribution from them for its over-
payments.
But, as I said, Mr. President, I do not
expect to stop this bill; I do not know that I
shall be able to stop any of this class; I only
wish to put on the record what I suppose to
be my ineffectual protest against dealing with
people who contract with us in a different way
from what private individuals deal with each
other, because it runs into a system that the
laws saving the Treasury, by requiring con-
tracts after public competition and advertise-
ment, are entirely set aside, and the oppor-
tunity and the temptation for fraud, wrong,
and extravagance is opened wide to everybody
who chooses to be tempted into it.
Mr. SCOTT. I only wish to enter my pro-
test against any conclusion that might be
drawn from the remarks of the Senator from
Vermont that the Committee on Claims has
entered into anything like a system of reliev-
ing persons from contracts and paying them
more than the contract price authorized to be
given to them.
These cases always involve very large de-
tails. I sent to the Chair a bundle of papers
which might require perhaps, if a man had
nothing else to do, two whole days to investi-
gate; and after the committees have investi-
gated them and discharged the duties that the
Senate imposed upon them, duties I admit
that ought to go to another tribunal, and have
arrived at the very best conclusion that they
can arrive at, and especially after that con-
clusion has been canvassed between confer-
ence committees of the two Houses, I wish to
protest against any such conclusion as that
the Committee on Claims in either House is
responsible for a system of relief to con-
tractors from their contracts and giving them
more than they ought to have. We have, on
the contrary, endeavored faithfully to enforce
these contracts unless there were circum-
stances which led to what we believed to be
an equity in the parties claiming and which
the Government could not resist.
The report was concurred in.
postal telegraph.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the resolution
to print extra copies of Senate report No. 242,
have directed me to report it back without
amendment and recommend it passage.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Remlved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate one thousand extra copies of benate report
No. 242.
Mr. HAMLIN. What is that report ?
Mr. ANTHONY." It is a report made by
the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey.]
The work will cost forty dollars.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not care about it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I withdraw the report
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report is
withdrawn.
yellowstone park report.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee
have instructed mc to report in favor of the
resolution to print the Yellowstone park
report, which will cost $140.
The resolution was considered and agreed
to, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of
the Senate two thousand copies of the report of the
superintendent of the Yellowstone national park,
and that a like number of copies of the map of that
region already engraved be printed to accompany
the reports, of which five hundred shall be for the
use of the superintendent.
international statistical congress.
, Mr. CAMERON. I am directed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (S. R. No. 14)
authorizing the President to invite the inter-
national statistical congress to hold its next
session in the United States, to report it back
without amendment; and as the joint res-
olution will require no further explanation
than a simple reading of it, I trust the Senate
will take it up and act upon it immediately.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest that there are only five minutes of the
morning hour left, and the morning business
is not concluded. Several Senators have risen
with morning business. Will the Senator re-
serve the report for a moment?
Mr. CAMERON. I see that there are only
two or three minutes left, but this resolution
can be disposed of in that time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are sev-
eral Senators on their feet with morning busi-
ness ; but the Senator from Pennsylvania asks
unanimous consent to consider the joint reso-
lution just reported by him.
Mr. CAMERON. It needs only to be read
and I think everybody will agree to the pro-
priety of it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. The preamble re-
cites that the Governments of Belgium, Aus-
tria, Prance, Great Britain, Prussia, Italy,
Holland, and Russia have heretofore extended
invitations to the international statistical con-
gress to hold sessions of the congress at their
respective capitals, and eight different sessions
of the congress have been held in accordance
with those official invitations, to the great
advancement of the science of national and
international statistics in its various depart-
ments, and to the uniformity of coin.ige,
weights, and measures, and commercial regu-
lations and statistical publications between the
different nations; that the United States of
America are favorable to all measures lor pro-
moting the advancement of statistical science,
and to all efforts for the social advancement
and friendly intercourse of the people of all
countries ; and also that the President of the
United States, in his recent annual message
to Congress, has submitted to this Congress
the consideration of the propriety of extending
an invitation to the international statistical
congress to hold its next (ninth) meeting in
the United States. The joint resolution there-
fore authorizes and requests the President to
tender to the organization commission of the
last session of the congress, recently held at
St. Petersburg, a formal and cordial invitation
to hold its next session in the United States
of America. If the invitation shall be accepted
by the statistical congress, the President is
authorized to appoint the usual organization
commission, and to take the other preliminary
and necessary measures for the meeting of the
body and the holding of its ninth session in
this country, at such time as may be deemed
expedient by the statistical congress.
Mr. CAMERON. This resolution compre-
hends only the meeting in this country of cer-
tain gentlemen who have organized themselves
to do good and to benefit the world by their
knowledge of statistics. They have had eight
meetings in different countries of the world,
and they now propose to come here if the
President will invite them. This resolution
requires no money, no labor, or anything else,
except a moment or two in which to pass it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator will
