224
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 27, 1873.
Senate.
Louisiana—Mr. Casserly.
42d Cong....3d
such a bill as this, dealing with a very grave
and delicate subject, so eminently demanded.
Unfortunately we have had but very little of
such judgment here. The speech of the Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] settled that
matter.
Now, sir, almost every enormity is in the bill.
You have indorsed the conduct oftHe President
in backing up by Federal force the usurpa-
tions of a Federal judge and the usurpations
of the Kellogg Government. That, perhaps,
is not so surprising. As things go, perhaps,
it was to be expected that a Senate of the
President's friends would hardly refuse to do
the best they could in the way of indorsing
and justifying his conduct; but why was it
necessary to do the same thing for Judge
Durell and for the Kellogg government of
Louisiana? .They are all in the bill, the Presi-
dent and his judge and his Governor. You
have indorsed them all. Why was this? Is it
because you could not condemn Durell and
Kellogg without also condemning the Presi-
dent? Is it because you could not indorse the
President without also indorsing his instru-
ments Kellogg and Durell? The very Senator
to whose speech we all listened with so much
interest, as well those of us who agree with
him as those who disagree with him, the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter,] who
spoke of the Kellogg government this morn-
ing, or rather yesterday, so emphatically as
"a mere usurpation, established and main-
tained by Federal power, put in by the grossest
fraud"—even he gave almost the casting vote
which put into this bill an amendment which
indorses that Kellogg government, that "mere
usurpation established and maintained by the
Federal power, put in by the grossest fraud."
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to ask him a question ? On what ground
does he say that the first section of this bill as
amended recognizes that government?
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall not argue that.
I think it is so palpable that I will not con-
sume the time of the Senate in stating it even.
If the Senate of the United States, when it
declares that the Kellogg government is to be
maintained for a specified period as the gov-
ernment of the State of Louisiana, does not
recognize it, I should like to know what it is
doing. Surely it is not attacking it, or repu-
diating it, or overturning it. It recognizes it
by the strongest recognition, by adopting it, by
sustaining it, by continuing it untd the new
election, which the Senate thus enables it to
control, and so continue itself for the unex
pired term of four years.
Mr. CARPENTER. Suppose the first sec-
tion declared that State to be for the next six
months a military district, and that General
Pope should go and take command of the
troops and preserve order while this election
was being held, would that recognize the fact
that General Pope was elected Governor of
that State ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I really cannot answer
that question, for I do not see what applica-
tion it has in the world to what we are talking
about.
Mr. CARPENTER. The application is this:
We do not say by this bill that Mr. Kellogg
was elected, but that he shall continue to act
as Governor for a limited time.
Mr. CASSERLY. I really do not see that
the Senator has bettered his cause one atom ;
he might a great deal better have said that
Kellogg was elected, or at least had some show
of an election, than to declare him by this bill
the Governor of the State of Louisiana for a
prescribed period.
The Senator has referred to a proposition to
make a military district with General Pope at
the head of it. Sir, I believe the people of
Louisiana to-morrow would hail with joy such a
government as that; it would be to them such
an escape, such a relief from this Kellogg gov-
ernment. But, sir, I do not wish to criticise the
Senator from Wisconsin unduly. I make some
allowance for the difficulties of his position. I
cannot help thinking, however, how entirely the
Senator from Indiana was justified in his con-
flict with the Senator from Wisconsin by the
Senator himself. To everything that the Senator
from Indiana charged and argued in the course
of the debate between himself and the Senator
from Wisconsin, the Senater from Wisconsin
has put in a full cognovit. The Senator from
Indiana declared that the Kellogg government
was the government which ought to be sus-
tained. He believed that was the best thing
upon the whole for the peace and well being
of the State. The Senator from Wisconsin
agreed with the Senator from Indiana by his
vote at a subsequent period of the debate, the
only difference between them being one of
time, which was a mere accidental difference.
The political majority here have the power
to pass this bill, I take it, within a very few
moments; and before the sands of time that
are now sparkling through the glass will have
passed away this bill so far as the Senate of
the United States can, may become a law. I
hope, sir, that my prognostications of it will
not be verified. No man will be more rejoiced
than I if even a tithe of the good which its
supporters profess to expect from it will result.
But, sir, I deem it very evil as a precedent for
all the States of the Union and as threatening
nothing but farther mischiefs, further eom-
njieations, further discontents in the State of
Louisiana. To her if I have anything to say—
perhaps I ought not to add my counsel in the
midst of her troubles—I would advise forbear-
ance, peace, fortitude. I would ask her to
suffer and to wait. These things cannot always
be, for either by the spread of the evil to the
other States of the Union which will identify
them all with her in her cause or by some other
means alleviation will yet come to her from
her grievous sufferings. For her sake and for
the sake of the country I hope that period is
not far off. But, sir, whenever it comes, what-
ever may happen in the State of Louisiana, I
shall regard the present bill in its present
shape as being, take it altogether, the most
dangerous experiment, not only upon Louis-
iana, but upon the liberties, the peace, and the
political existence of the States of the Union
that has ever been attempted in the history of
the Government.
