1524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
take back bis remark about its not requiring
money.
Mr. CAMERON. I understand there is no
money in it.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objee,
tion to extending the morning hour five min-
utes, so that the morning business may be com-
pleted? Reports of committees have as yet
only been called for. The Chair hears no
objection. Bills and joint resolutions are now
in order.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1626) defining the duties
of receivers of national banks; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1626) relating to the issue of unauthorized
circulation; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered 10 be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1627) to remit the duties upon certain
goods destroyed by fire at the late conflagra-
tion in the city of Boston ; which was read
twipe by its title, referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STOCKTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1628) to aid iu the erection of a build-
ing for St. John's hospital; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1629) providing for the construction of a
Government telegraph in the city of Wash-
ington ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
RAILROADS IN COLORADO.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to withdraw a
motion to reconsider the Colorado railroad
bill.' I entered the motion, and if there is no
objection to the withdrawal I ask leave to
withdraw it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Whatis the Colorado bill?
Mr. STEWART. A bill that passed when
the Calendar was being considered, giving the
right of way for a railroad in Colorado.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Two such bills
were on the Calendar, passed, and motions to
reconsider made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to look at
this bill before the motion is withdrawn.
Mr. STEWART. Very well.
STATE OF LOUISIANA.
Mr. CARPENTER submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand extra eopies of the
reportof the Committee on Privileges and Elections
and the views of the dissenting members of said
committee, without the evidence, be printed for the
use of the Senate.
INDUSTRIAL HOME SCHOOL.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
be directed to inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing an appropriation of $25,000, or such sum as it
111 2% ,uf 9" Industrial Home
school m the District of Columbia.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I think that should go to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMLIN. No; the Committee on
Appropriations.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to.
EDUCATIONAL REPORT.
Mr. SAWYER submitted the following con-
current resolution'; which was referred to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That there be printed forty thou-
sand copies of the report of the Commissioner of
Education, including the accompanying illustrations
of the relations of intelligence to wealth; twenty
thousand eopies to be for the use of the House, ten
thousand copies for the use of the Senate, and ten
thousand copies for the use of the Bureau of Educa-
tion.
BUSINESS OF EDUCATION COMMITTEE.
Mr. SAWYER submitted the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Senate take a recess at half
past four o'clock on Friday, the 21st of February,
until half past seven p. m., and that the evening
session be assigned to the consideration of bills from
the Committee on Education and Labor.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Let that lie
over.
Mr. SAWYER. I give notice that I will
call it up to-morrow morning.
SIGNAL OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
concurrent resolution, which was referred to
the Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That there be printed and bound
ten thousand copies of the last annual report of the
chief signal officer of the Army, of which one thou-
sand copies shall be for the use of the Senate,
fifteen hundred copies for the use of the House of
Representatives, and seventy-five hundred eopies
for the use of the chief signal ofiicer of the Army.
PUBLICATION OF DEBATES.
Mr. ANTHONY. I gave notice yesterday
that I would attempt to-day to call up the
bill for printing the debates of Congress. I
have been trying to get it up in the morning
hour; but the morning hour has extended
beyond one o'clock, and I suppose the Sen-
ator from Ohio is prepared to go on with his
speech upon the two per cent. bill. I should
like to have that matter disposed of very much
indeed. I can hardly ask the Senator to give
way, but I give notice that I will endeavor to
get it up at the earliest possible moment. It
ought to be disposed of. All Senators must
agree that whatever disposition we make of
the matter should be accomplished at once.
There is .very little time for new persons to
make the necessary arrangements for such an
extensive business.
AMENDMENT TO POST OFFICE BILL.
Mr. RAMSEY. I give notice of an amend-
ment I shall offer to the Post Office appropria-
tion bill. I am authorized to offer it by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads;
and I move that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to have ail these
amendments read that are offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that they are not received by being offered
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions. The word "received" in the role
applies to offering them in the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am aware of that, Mr.
^r6si^6nt
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sug-
gested that because the point was made the
other day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My point was that the
Senate ought to be informed, so that we may
know ourselves, before the amendment goes to
the committee, what it is." It may be a subject
of very great importance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont has a right to demand the
reading of the amendment, and it will be
read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
amend the Post Office appropriation bill by
inserting after line forty-four the following:
And for the more efficient organization of the free-
delivery system the Postmaster General may ap-
a superintendent of tree delivery in the Post
Ithce Department, at an annu.il salary of $2,500 who
shall be paid out of the appropriation for letter-
carriers.
STATEN ISLAND CHANNELS.
Mr. STOCKTON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, requested to furnish to the Senate the
report of the chief of engineers on the channels
between Staten Island and New Jersey.
V OBSCENE LITERATURE.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The day before yes-
terday Senate bill No. 1572 was laid aside in-
formally. I ask permission to take it up for
action now, believing that every Senator will
be in favor of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Thurman] is entitled to the
floor on the unfinished business, and the Sen-
ator from Connecticut asks thata bill laid aside
informally under the Anthony rule shall be
taken up for present consideration.
Mr. THURMAN. I have no objection if
this is considered part of the morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If by unanimous
consent the unfinished business is passed over
informally, that will save the rights of the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. I have declined to yield
to several other Senators who have made the
same request to me, and if I gave way for one
I should have to give way to two or three.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I would say to the
Senator that it is the bill which was laid aside
informally the day before yesterday, at the sug-
gestion of the honorable Senator from Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. What is it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The immoral literature
bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I will say to my friend
from Connecticut that my friend from Califor-
nia has numerous amendments to offer.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have them all
before me, and will propose a section as pro-
posed to be amended by him as a substitute
for certain parts of the bill.
Mr. MORTON, (to Mr. Thurmajt.) Yon
had better go on.
Mr. THURMAN. There will be no trouble
in calling up that bill as soon as this two per
cent, bill is disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and Senate bill No. 836 is
before the Senate.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask the Senator
from Ohio if he will permit me to make a
motion to extend the morning hour ten or
fifteen minutes ?
Mr. THURMAN. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut asks unanimous consent
that the morning hour be extended for ten or
fifteen minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. For any other purpose
than this identical bill ?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have no other
purpose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If there be any other
purpose, in order to know what is going on I
must object.
Mr. STEVENSON. I should like to report
a bill to which there is no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to report
half a dozen on the Calendar already, and one
for my friend's own State.
_ Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask the extension
simply for the purpose of acting on the bill [
have named.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut asks unanimous consent lhat
the morning hour be extended not to exceed ten
minutes for the consideration of the bill sug-
gested by him, at the end of that time the Sen-
ator from Ohio to be entitled to the floor on
the unfinished business. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. 1 move now to take
up the bill (S. No. 1572) for the .xuppres.simi
