1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
This is the language of the Constitution.
There have been two principles recognized
in the distribution of public lands hitherto:
one had respect to population, the other to
area. The agricultural law of 1862 gave lands
according to the population of the States. But
the enabling acts under which the pdblic land
States, the new States have come into the
Union, provided in all cases that the sixteenth
section in every congressional township, and
in later days the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sec-
tions in every township, should be granted the
inhabitants of the townships for the use of
schobls. Here it made no difference whether
the township was susceptible of dense settle-
ment or was a barren waste, the rule was the
same; the inhabitants, few or many, got the
sixteenth section, no more no less. But this
bill recognizes neither area nor population
a principle of division. It regards the States
as equals for the purposes of this benefit,
though their areas differ as one to one hun-
dred and their populations as one to seventy.
I cannot support any scheme of division of the
public lands which ignores both square miles
and population.
Perhaps, sir, it is too late in the day to
question the power, or if not the power the
propriety of the General Government taking
the subject of education under its charge.
That this matter belongs appropriately to the ;
States everybody admits. Everybody, how- !
ever, does not admit that it exclusively be- ;
longs there ; and Congress is urged year after
year to advance further in this direction and
share with the States the power and business |
of educating the people. !
Mr. President, I submit we have gone far j
enough. The people of the States can man- ;
age this subject much better than we. They
should of right have exclusive jurisdiction j
over it. But since we have brought these
agricultural colleges into being, let us endow
them further if that be necessary, but let us
endow them by the same law that created
them, or by that earlier law by which the in-
habitants of the congressional townships were
provided with schools.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I rise in the hope of making a very few
concluding remarks. If there is no other Sen-
ator who desires to say anything further on
the subject, I trust that we shall reach a vote.
I do not propose to answer seriatim many of
the arguments and suggestions that have been
made, because I think they have been already
answered.
It must be obvious, I think, to Senators
that this immense public domain of ours is
gradually slipping away, that there will be
many projects brought in hereafter as hereto-
fore appropriating the public domain, and in
the lapse of a very few years we shall have
comparatively nothing to show what we have
done with it. These institutions, if we estab-
lish them, are to live forever; they are never
to die, but to be perpetual, and they are to
confer benefits upon our people forever.
In relation to the points made by the first
Senator from Indiana who addressed us on
this subject, [Mr. Morton,] I desire to say
that one of the great objects of this bill is to
enable every State to establish a college that
shall be on an equality with the foremost in
any other State, to give cheap education, to
enable all the children of the Republic to ob-
tain a cheap education. Multiply our colleges
by adding one to every State where a first-
class education can be obtained, and you
thereby multiply the competition and secure
the great object, a cheap education. Most
of these institutions will give their tuition
free. They are called for by the spirit of the
age which comes now in thunder tones to
make an education available, practically use-
ful to the man who has it, not giving one kind
of education to all classes, but to have institu-
tions that will educate all our people for all
(heir different avocations, and let them be
employed in agriculture, in the mechanic arts,
or anything else that they shall have a place,
and that within a reasonable distance, where
they can obtain that education which shall be
most desirable for them.
Now, I confess that it is an act of generosity
on the part of the larger States not to cavil
and higgle about the amount which is given to
the smaller States. They must see that it is a
greater necessity to the smaller States to have
a first-class institution than for the large
States. In the large States, where there are i
a great number of wealthy men, having com-
mercial emporiums where fortunes are made,
of course there are liberal-hearted and liberal-
handed men to endow them, and the smaller
States will have to struggle to keep pace with
them. But I may say that one of the largest
hearted men in this country who has given
most of his private fortune, and that in the
largest State of our country. New York, is the
author of and is entitled to the credit of having
proposed this very plan of an equality of
endowment between all the States. Then I
will say that since I have been in Washington
the most eminent body of men that I have
seen here, certainly outside of Congress, was
the convention of agriculturists that assembled
at the Agricultural Department during the >
last session of Congress, and they unanimously
recommended an equality of endowment. j
Under these circumstances, I appeal to Sen- ;
ators to come forward with a liberal hand and ;
let these poor States have an opportunity to i
compete somewhat with those that are more
! fortunate in being blessed with larger portions i
of wealth. i
1 Mr. President, there are seldom cases that
' come up here for the appropriation of money
where the direct benefit to be derived from it
is equal. We have to consider the general
welfare of the country in making appropria-
tions. An appropriation may seem almost
exclusively for the benefit of a State, where a
fortification or an arsenal or an improvement
of a harbor or a railroad is about to be con-
structed ; and yet I am not aware that the
point is made that that State is a small State
and therefore that her interests should be
utterly disregarded. We make our appro-
priations as Senators fit to be intrusted with
the great interests of our country, and I trust
there will be none here who will regret to see
the power placed in the hands of every State
to give its children a first-class education.
Now, Mr. President, this is the second day
that this bill has been under consideration. I
am aware that I have not contributed much in
the debate to any new argument; I do not
think that it is possible that there will be much
contributed. I hope, therefore, that the
friends and the opponents of the bill will
suffer a vote to be taken.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I do not
propose to occupy the attention of the Senate,
but merely to state the reluctance I feel in
voting for this bill, and that reluctance grows
out of the fact that at the last session of Con-
gress the House of Representatives passed a
bill in favor of public schools, which I think
is a very great measure; and that bill is in the
hands of the committee that has reported this
bill, and I believe has not been reported.
That bill gave especial attention to the de-
plorable condition of most of the southern
States in education. I am among those who
believe that in the next three years we should
address ourselves especially to building up
that section of the country, to get over the
evils produced by a system that many of us
opposed, and that we believe was an injury to
that portion of the country, and to get over
the evils and the sufferings of the war, and
that we ought to do everything we can to aid
the masses of the people of that portion of the
country in educating all races and classes and
conditions of men. I would prefer that bill to
a half dozen bills like this, and if this bill is to
defeat that 
Mr. MORTON. I would ask the Senator to
state how the passage of this bill is to affect
that.
Mr. WILSON. That is what troubles me.
If this bill stands in the way of the other, I
would prefer the other bill. If it is not to
injure the other, then I would be willing
to take both and do the best I could with
them. As it is here I shall vote for this
1 bill, but vote for it with some degree of reluct-
ance, and I vote for it only in the hope that
the body which passed the other very import-
ant measure may be able to group together
these two important measures and do some-
thing for common-school education, which I
think of more importance at this time in the
country than to build up colleges, for it seems
to me we have many more colleges in the
1 country now than we need. We want better
and higer institutions instead of increasing
their number.
If I had my way I would not establish or
! endow an agricultural college in every one of
the States. I think they will be small, have
limited means, and for years drag themselves
along and do no good. If this amount of land
or the proceeds of it were to be appropriated,
and I had the governing of it, I would make
! about seven colleges, and make them great
institutions. I would have one established in
New England ; one in the central States ; one
in the Atlantic States of the South ; one in
the southern States on the Mississippi river ;
one in the Northwest; one in the western
States west of the Mississippi; and one in the
Pacific States, including the Territories. I
would thus have about seven great institutions
that would command the first men in the
country as teachers and have abundant means,
so that when a young man went to one of these
colleges and went through it he would come
out something. But there is a large class
of colleges in this country that are a sort
of high schools rather than colleges. The
effort is all right, but they do not amount
to much. If I had this land to dispose of, if
I could have my waj^about it, I would create
about seven of these institutions, and largely
endow them, and make them great institutions
worthy of the country, institutions that would
help to develop the conntry. The motive of
the bill is good; the purpose and object is
good ; but I think they will be feeble institu-
tions certainly for many years to come. I do
not think this is the wisest plan, but as it is
here I am reluctant to vote against it. I shall
vote for it; but I ffo hope that some where else
the thing will be carefully considered and
revised.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator referred to
another bill that had passed the House of
Representatives, and spoke of the passage of
this bill as interfering with that, but did not
state in what manner it would interfere with
it. I will ask him to state whether, in his
judgment, the passage of this bill would defeat
the operation of the other, if it should pass ?
Mr. WILSON. I do not know that I can
say that I think it will defeat it, but I think
that bill should have been passed first, and
should have had, at any rate, the advantage
between them. If there is any antagonism I
think that bill worth a dozen like this.
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to ask
the Senator if he thinks that bill will give im-
mediate relief to the South in the way of estab-
lishing schools ? It only proposes to give one
half of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands as they go on for the benefit of schools
at the South and elsewhere. Of course_ the
work would be so slow, the amount received
so small, that very little relief would come at
present to the South from that source.
Mr. WILSON. I admit the fact that it can
do but little, and I suppose that anything this
Congress can do orthiB Government can do in
the cause of education will contribute but
little. The Peabody fund itself is but little;
but still it does something where but very little
