1528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Lake Brie or down the Monongahela or the
Alleghany river, or unless he went, with his
pack-saddle on his horse, following the blind
path that had been made across the mount-
ains.
What the people of Ohio wanted, therefore,
was a wagon-road. They wanted it made
speedily, so that emigration could pour into
their new State, and they supposed that with
this fund a good wagon-road could be made;
and if Congress had gone to work and made it
then, it would have been of infinitely more
advantage to the State than was the tardy con-
struction of the Cumberland road a third of a
century afterward. That was what was in
contemplation by the parties. It never could
have been in the contemplation of the people
of Ohio when they agreed to that contract that
Congress was to undertake some great national
work, the construction of which for fifty miles
from the navigable waters emptying into the
Atlantic would consume all the two per cent,
fund. That never could have been the idea
at all. They never would have agreed to that.
What would have been the use of their agree-
ing that this fund should be appropriated to
the making of some magnificent national high-
way, when before you had .built fifty miles of
that highway, beginning in the State of Mary-
land, the whole fund would be exhausted, and
you would have simply a little local road of
fifty miles in the State of Maryland. They
never understood any such thing as that, and
therefore at the very outset, when Congress ,
determined to make a great national turnpike, |
it abandoned the true idea of this compact, j
But, sir, it did not abandon it in that alone; !
it never fulfilled it to the letter in. any way
whatsover.
Where was thi3 road to be made from ? It j
was to be made " from the navigable waters 1
emptying into Lhe Atlantic." That evidently j
means from waters where navigation cau exist, j
It does not mean that you shall go to the head
of a stream where a duck could not swim
for want of water and call that navigable
water; it means that you shall begin at a water j
which is navigable. Did Congress^ ever do any
such a thing? No, sir, never. It'eommenced
this road at the town of Cumberland, in the
State of Maryland, where luere could be no
navigation except by a canoe, where in ordin
ary times not even our common flatboat ot' the
Ohio or the Mississippi could ever float, and
where the course of the Potomac is interrupted
every three or four miles by shallows and ob-
structions formed one after another so that
navigation isutterly impossible. Why, sir, do
we not know it? Where does navigation on the
Potomac begin ? It begins near the boundaries
of this District, and it begins no higher up the
river. Here are Great Falls and Little Falls
within or near the boundaries of this District,
and there is not one mile above them that can
be called the navigable waters of the Potomac
in any proper sense. And yet Congress saw fit
to go one hundred aud sixty or one hundred and
seventy miles further up the Potomac and up
one branch of it and to begin the construction
of this road at that place as if that were con-
necting the navigable waters flowing into the
Atlantic with the Ohio river and the State of
Ohio.
But what next? Congress, as I said, com-
menced the construction of a great turnpike
road. Was that a. turnpike road that could be
built out of the two per cent, fund of Ohio?
Let us see what the fact was. The two per
cent, fund of Ohio amounts simply to about
$400,000 ; that is all; and this great National
road that Congress undertook cost from
Cumberland to the ®hio river $2,800,000,
seven times as much as the whole amount of
the two per cent. fund. Why, sir, the whole
amount of the two per cent, fund and nearly
$300,000 more were expended upon that road
before it touched the western limits of the State
of Maryland. The amount expended in Mary-
land was six hundred and eighty-odd thousand
dollars, seventy per cent, more than the whole
two per cent, of Ohio ; and will anybody tell
me that it was a fulfillment of the trust in this
compact to make a turnpike road from the
city of Cumberland to the westeren boundary
of the State of Maryland ? Will anybody say
that that was a compliance by Congress with
the terms of this compact?
Did the people of Ohio consent to any such
thing as that, that their two per cent, fund
should be taken to make thirty-two miles
of road in the State of Maryland, where the
road would cost the most, too, for there is
where it crosses the great chain of the Alle-
ghany mountains?
Congress, then, I say, from the very first,
repudiated this compact, so far as executing
it was concerned; and what did Congress
mean ? It meant to do better than the com-
pact required; not better for the State of Ohio
alone, not better for the great Northwest alone,
but better for all the people whether East or
West. It thought it would be a scurvy affair
to build a mere ordinary wagon-road from Cum-
berland to the Ohio river and through the
State of Ohio; and, therefore, although it in-
tended at first to apply the two per cent, toward
the construction of the Cumberland road, it
did not treat it as an execution of the compact
at all, but it treated that work as a great national
work worthy of a great expenditure from the
Treasury of the United States.
That being the case, let us see what took
place afterward. Congress commenced the
construction of the National road about 1806.
It progressed very tardily. The first road was
to be built with cobblestone paving, or some-
thiug like it. They built some miles of that,
and afterward threw it all away. They spent
some one hundred thousand dollars or more
out of the two per cent, fund of Ohio in build-
ing a road that had all to be abandoned; and
instead of that they began the construction of
a macadamized road. Congress recognized the
fact—and to this I cannot call the attention of
the Senate too seriously—-that it was not execut-
ing the compact with the State of Ohio, but that
it had undertaken a great national work ; and
it recognized the fact that if it undertook a great
national work of this kind it was under a
moral obligation to complete that work. It
had no right to take our money and expend it
within twenty miles of the town of Cumberland
in Maryland. If it saw fit to take the money
for that purpose, in order to construct a great
national work, then it was bound in honor and
in morals to finish that work. And what I
say of Ohio is equally true of Indiana and
equally true of Illinois; and that was the idea
upon which Congress went, that it would not
execute this compact as the parties originally
understood it, but that it would do better ; that
it would make, not a mere wagon-road, but a
great national highway, a great national turn-
pike road, and that in good faith, if it took
the money to expend at this end of the road,
it was bound to complete the work of the kind
which it undertook to construct.
Sir, here I rest my argument upon this propo-
sition that Congress afterward utterly aban-
doned the idea of completing that work; and,
having abandoned the idea of completing the
work, it thought it but fair and just not to retain
the two percent. Congress did not execute the
compact by making such a road as the parties
intended. But it undertook to do better; it un-
dertook to make a great national highway,
with the obligation inevitably resting upon
it in morals, in ethics, in justice, to complete
that work. Afterward, for reasons sufficient,
it saw fit to abandon the completion of that
work and to surrender the road to the States
within which it lay; and having done that,
seeing that it had not executed the compact,
seeing that it had not rendered an equivalent
to that, by completing the road which it had
undertaken ; having determined not to com-
plete that road, having surrendered it to the
States respectively in which its parts lay, hav-
ing clothed them with the power to convert
it from a free road into a tax-paying road, a
toll-gathering road, it thought it nothing more
than justice that it should not hold on to the
two per cent.
No pen had ever been put on paper in any
Department of this Government charging the
States ot Ohio, Indiana, or Illinois in account
with one dollar expended upon the National
road. Nosuchaccountlegallyexiststothisday;
none has ever existed. The money was still
in the Treasury of the United States, unappro-
priated, so far as any account in the Treasury
Department showed, to any such purpose.
In 1857, in view of these circumstances: that
Congress had neither literally executed the
compact, nor executed it substantially, by
carrying out the plans which it had adopted
for a great national turnpike ; having aban-
doned the completion of the road, having sur-
rendered it to the States, having given to
Maryland, to Pennsylvania, and Virginia the
road within their borders, toward which they
had never contributed one cent except their
quota out of the. national Treasury—having
given it to them as their property, with full
power to levy such tolls as they saw fit, then,
seeing that it had not executed this contract,
nor completed that which it had undertaken
as an equivalent to its execution, and having
determined to abandon all further attempt to
execute it, Congress justly, wisely, and pro-
perly, saw fit to provide that the two percent,
should be paid to these States.
Now, sir, that is the statement of the case.
But that is not all. There were other consid-
erations which moved Congress to take that
course. I ought, perhaps, however, to have
called the attention of the Senate to the time
when Congress did this thing. Congress began
the cession of this road to the States in which
it lay, I think, as early as 1832, the first act of
cession being the cession to Ohio. And that
was followed in 1834, if my memory is right,
by cessions to the States of Virginia, Pennsyl-
vania, and Maryland. So that you see, in
1834, twenty odd years before the passage of
this act of 1857, Congress had determined
never to complete that road, and it never did
expend a dollar upon it after those cessions.
It abandoned its completion utterly and abso-
lutely.
But, Mr. President, as I said, there were
other considerations that induced Congress to
think it was right in 1857 that this two per
cent, should not be withheld from the States.
What were they? Those other considerations
were these : of all the new States in this Union
those which have been treated—I will not say
most harshly, but with the least liberality—are
these three States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illi-
nois. I have said already, in respect to Ohio,
that there is not one foot of soil owned by au
individual in that State that was not paid for.
Our people never had any homestead grant.
Furthermore, the grants made by Congress to
the State of Ohio of lands for purposes of im-
provement amount to only 2,066,000 acres;
to Indiana 3,600,000 acres m round numbers—
not quite so much—and to Illinois 5,772,000
acres; but that includes the grant to the Illi-
nois Central railroad, which was nearly half
of it; and in respect to it we ail know that
Congress took the alternate sections out of
market unless they should be paid for at double
the then minimum price of the public lends.
It made the minimum price $2 50 an acre, so
that m a money point of view Congress never
lost one dollar by that grant to the Illinois
Central railroad. On the contrary, it made
money out of it, for it brought into market a
large body of public lands that, might have
remained unsold to this day if that giant had
not been made. Therefore, properly speuk-
l?,?' Jjw0 an<^ a millions granted to the
Illinois Central railroad ought to be deducted
