228
APPENDIX. TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 24,
42b Cong....'3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
tiona prescribed by this act cannot be complied
with at the location where it is desired to con-
struct the bridge, the Secretary of War shall,
after considering any remonstrances filed
against the building of said bridge, and fur-
nishing copies of such remonstrances to the
board of engineers provided for in this act,
detail a board composed of three experienced
officers of the corps of engineers, to examine
the case, and may, on their recommendation,
authorize such modifications in the require-
ments of this act, as to location and piers, as
will permit the construction of the bridge; not,
however, diminishing the width of the spans
contemplated by this act: Provided, That the
free navigation of the river be not materially
injured thereby.
Sec. 5. That all parties owning, occupying,
or operating bridges over the Ohio river shall
maintain, at their own expense, from sunset to
sunrise throughout the year, such lights on
their bridges as may be required by the Light-
House Board for the security of navigation;
and allpersons owning, occupying, or operating
any bridge over the Ohio river shall, in any
event, maintain all lights on their bridge that
may be necessary for the security of naviga-
tion.
Sue. 6. That any bridge constructed under
this act, and according to its limitations, shall
be a lawful structure, and shall be recognized
and known as a post route, upon which, also,
no higher charge shall be made for the trans-
mission over the same of the mails, the troops,
and the munitions of war of the United States
than the rate per mile paid for the transport-
ation over the railroads or public highways
leading to said bridge; and the United States
shall have the right of way for postal-telegraph
purposes across any such bridge; and in case
of any litigation arising from any obstruction
or alleged obstruction to the navigation of said
river, created by the construction of any bridge
under this act, the cause 6r question arisi-ng
may be tried before the district court of the
United States of any State in which any por-
tion of said obstruction or bridge touches.
Sec. 7. That the right to alter or amend this
act, so as to prevent or remove all material
obstructions to the navigation of said river by
the future construction of bridges, is hereby
expressly reserved, without any liability of the
Government for damages on account of the
alteration or amendment of this act, or on
account of the prevention or requiring the re-
moval of any such obstructions; and if any
change be made iu the plan of construction of
any bridge constructed uuder this act, during
the progress of the work thereon or before the
completion of such bridge, such change shall
be subject to the approval of the Secretary of
War, and any change in the construction, or
any alteration of any such bridge that may be
directed at any time by Congress, shall be
made at the cost and expense of the owners
thereof.
Sec. 8. That joint resolution number ten,
approved April seventh, eighteen hundred ana
sixty-nine, authorizing the construction of a
bridge over the Ohio river at Paducah, be, and
the same hereby is, repealed.
Sec. 9. That -the provisions of an act en-
titled "An act to provide for the better security
of life on vessels propelled iu whole or in part
by steam," &o., approved February twenty-
eighth, eighteen hundred aud seventy-one, so
far as they relate to the limitation of steam
pressure of steamboats used exclusively for
towing and carrying freight on the Mississippi
river and its tributaries, are hereby so lar mod-
ified as to substitute for such boats one hun-
dred and fifty pounds of steam pressure in
place of one hundred and ten pounds, as pro-
vided in said act for the standard pressure upon
standard boilers qf forty-two inches diameter,
and of plates of one quarter of an inch in
thickness; and such boats may, on the written
permit of the supervising inspector of the dis-
trict in which such boats shall carry on their
business for & period of twelve months from
and after the passage of this act, be permitted
to carry steam above the standard pressure of
one hundred and ten pounds, but not exceed-
ing the standard pressure of one hundred and
fifty pounds to the square inch.
Appboved, December 17, 1872.
Chap. V.—An Act to fix the Salary of the
Members of the Board of Health of the
District of Columbia.
Be it enacted bp the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the members of the
Board of Health of the District of Columbia
shall be paid a salary of two thousand dollars
each, annually, and the salary of the persons
now constituting said board shall be paid from
the date of their appointments, respectively.
Approved, December 17, 1872.
Chap. VIII.—An Act to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Navy to Transportin a Govern-
ment Vessel free of Duty, a Monument
designed by Admiral Porter to be erected in
the grounds of the Naval Academy at Annap-
olis, in Memory of the Ofiicers, Seamen, aud
Marines of the Navy who fell in Defense of
the Union.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to
admit, free of duty, the monument designed
by Admiral Porter, and now being exgeuted in
Rome by Franklin Simmons, the American
sculptor, to the memory of the officers, sea-
men, and marines of the Navy who fell in
defense of the Union. And the Secretary of
the Navy is hereby authorized to have the said
monument conveyed to the United States in a
public vessel, and landed at Annapolis, Mary-
land, where it is to be erected in the Naval
Academy grounds.
Apphoved, December 19, 1872.
Chap. XII.—An Act authorizing the con-
struction of Railroad Bridges across the
Mobile River and other Navigable Streams
tributary to Mobile Bay, in accordance with
the Acts of the Legislature of the State of
Alabama, and to establish them as Post
Roads.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the consent of Con-
gress be, and the same is hereby, given to the
Mobile and Montgomery Railroad Company to
erect one or more draw-bridges over the Mobile
river and other navigable streams tributary to
Mobile bay, in accordance with the acts of the
Legislature of Alabama incorporating said com-
pany: Provided, That the said draw-bridges
shall be so constructed as not to interfere with
the free or to materially or substantially obstruct
the free navigation of said streams, 'beyond
what is necessary in order to carry into effect
the rights and privileges hereby granted ; and
in case of any litigation arising from any ob-
struction, or alleged obstruction, to the froo
navigation of said river, the cause may be tried
before the district court of the United States
of the State of Alabama in-which any portion
of said obstruction or bridges touches: And
provided also, That said draw-bridges shall be
opened promptly, upon reasonable signal, for
the passage of boats, and in no case shall
unnecessary delay occur in opening the said
draw during or after the passage of trains.
Sec. 2. That any bridge constructed under
this act, and according to its limitations, shall
be a lawful structure, and shall be known and
recognized as a post route, upon which, also,
no higher charge shall be made for the trans-
mission over the same of the mails, the troops,
and the munitions of war of the United States
than the rate per mile paid for their transport-
ation over the railroads or public highways
leading to said bridges.
Sec. 3. That all railway companies desiring
to use said bridges shall have and be entitled
to equal rights and privileges in the passage
of the same, and in the use of the machinery
and fixtures thereof, and of all the approaches
thereto, under and upon such terms and con-
ditions as shall be prescribed by the Secretary
of War, upon hearing the allegations and proofs
of the parties in case they shall not agree.
Sec. 4. That the right to alter or amend this
act so as to prevent or remove all material
obstructions to the navigation of said river by
the construction of bridges is hereby expressly
reserved; and that any bridge or bridges con-
structed under this act shall be built under and
subject to such regulations for the security of
the navigation of said river as the Secretary
of War shall prescribe; and the said bridges
shall be, at all times, so kept and managed as
to offer reasonable and proper means for the
passage of vessels through and under them;
and the said bridges shall be changed, at the
cost and expense of the owners thereof, from
time to time, as Congress may direct, so as to
preserve the free and convenient navigation
of said river; and the authority to erect and
continue said bridges shall be subject to revo-
cation by law whenever the public good shall,
in the judgment of Congress, so require.
Approvep, December 24, 1872.  
Chap. XIII.—An Act for the Reduction of
Officers and Expenses of the Internal Rev-
enue.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That on the first day of
July, eighteen hundred and seventy-three, or at
such time prior thereto; in the districts respect-
ively, as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
may find practicable, the offices of assessor and
assistant assessor of internal revenue shall
cease to exist; thereupon all duties imposed
by law on assessors and assistant assessors,
except as hereinafter otherwise provided, be,
and the same are hereby, transferred to and
imposed upon collectors of internal revenue,
to be performed by them or their deputies;
and that all returns and reports required by
law to be made to the said assessors and
assistant assessors shall be made to the said
collectors, or to their deputies; and that each
of said assessors shall, prior to the date afore-
said, and at the time set therefor by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, transfer to such
revenue officer as may be designated by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue for that
purpose all books, papers, and other property
belonging to the Govern meat in his possession,
or in flint of any of his assistant assessors, and
shall file with his final account an inventory
thereof in detail, with the receipt of said rev-
enue officer therefor; and from the time set
for said transfer, his office and that of his
assistants shall cease.
Sec. "2. That the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue is hereby authorized and required
thereafter to make the inquiries, determinations*
and assessments of the following taxes, to
wit:
For deficiencies imposed by the provisions
of section twenty of an act entitled "An act
imposing taxes on distilled spirits and tobacco,
and for other purposes," approved July twen-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, as
amended by subsequent acts.
Semi-annually, upon the deposits, capital,
