1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1529
from the grant made to that State, which
would leave her grants only about three and a
quarter million acres of land.
But how was it with the other States that
have come into the Union and were in it in
1857? Congress had granted to them as fol-
lows; to your own State, Mr. President, (Mr.
Ferry, of Michigan, in the chair,) 13,467,000
acres; to Wisconsin, 7,400,000 acres to Iowa,
7,000,000acres ; to Minnesota, 7,000,000 acres.
That was the state of the case. Congress had
adopted a much more liberal policy, and not
only had it granted to these other new States
three times, and in one case six times, what it
granted to the people of Ohio, it had done far
more than that: it had not required them to
relinquish the right of taxation ; it had put no
such onerous burdens on them.
But that is not all. It had given to their
people first the right of preemption, a most
valuable right and which the people of Ohio
never possessed. Then came the homestead
law under which thousands and thousands of
homesteads have been acquired on the pay-
ment of simply the land office fees, I believe
about ten dollars.
Congress you see, therefore, had adopted a
much broader, and more liberal, and I must
say a much wiser and more just policy toward
settlers in the western States; and in view of
the fact that it treated them with that liberal-
ity, it was asking very little, 1 think, on the
part of Ohio, the first of the States, in that
great territory and whose people had paid for
every acre of their lands, that the paltry sum
of $400,000 should be paid to them. And it
was asking very little on the part of Indiana,
in view of like circumstances, that the like
Bum should be paid to her ; and in the same
way with Illinois; it was asking very little,
and by no means balancing the account upon
the principle of equality between the States,
that Illinois should apply that the half million,
or something like that, of the two per cent,
fund should be paid to her.
These I am bound to say were the views of
Congress when that act of 1857 was passed,
and they were carried out in the case ot Mis-
souri,- which stood in the same category, by
paying to her her full per cent. And now,
sir, after other States have been s omuch more
benefited, after Congress has dealt so much
more liberally with them, after the Govern-
ment has not executed this compact accord-
ing to the understanding of the parties when
it was made, nor has it completed that equiv-
alent for execution, the construction of the
National road, it does seem to me that the
claim of these States ought not to be de-
nounced as an attempt to get money under
false pretences, as a claim whose audacity is
its principal recommendation.
A few words more, sir, and I shall not
detain the Senate longer. I ought, in support
of the views 1 have presented, that Congress
did assume to finish the National road, to refer
the Senate to two most able reports made on
that subject; one in the Senate, andthe other
in the House of Representatives. The one m
the House of Representatives, made during the
Twenty-Ninth Congress in 1846, is as conclu-
sive a piece of reasoning as I ever read. It
showed that Congress had utterly abandoned
the idea of completing that road, and investi-
gated the question whether Congress was bound
m good faith to complete it, and certainly no
stronger case could be made out.
While I am on this branch of the subject,
allow me to say one thing in regard to Indi-
ana and Illinois in which they stand on a
little dififerent footing from Ohio—not but that
the principle that pays one of the States pays
all three. I have said that according to the
understanding at the time the compact was
made with Ohio no such great national work
as this was contemplated. I have said that
there was then no turnpike m all the United
States, and what the people expected was a
good wagon-road. That is true, but how was
it with Indiana'/ Indiana came into the Union
in 1816. How was it with Illinois ? Shecame
into the Union in 1818; and similar provisions
are found in the enabling acts of both those
States, and also in the case of Missouri, which
came in in 1820. What road did they expect
to be made to iheir States and through them?
Manifestly they expected the Cumberland
road, the National road, and they had aright
to expect it, because Congress had commenced
the construction of that road in 1806 and had
declared in the first acts on the subject that
the amounts expended, certain appropriations
from time to time, should be reimbursed out
of the two per cent, fund of Ohio. Therefore,
Indiana, when she made a similar compact
with the General Government, looking at the
fact that Congress was building this road, this
great national turnpike, and that it was ex-
pending upon it the two per cent, fund of Ohio
in terms at least according to the acts of Con-
gress, had a right to say,<l this is the road that
was in contemplation of the parties when we
made this compactand Illinois had a right
to say the same thing ; and having a right to
say that, they had a clear right in honor and
justice to say, "That road you must com-
plete."
In that they stand on a different footing from
Ohio. Ohio, when she made her compact,
had reference to no particular road; but In-
diana and Illinois and Missouri must have
understood this compact as relating to that
road which was notonly projected, but actually
laid out, and had a right therefore to expect
the General Government to do what it had
declared it would do, what it had passed act
after act to accomplish, to wit, that it would
complete that road.
Has it ever done it? Why, sir, it has never
completed it through Ohio. The truth is, it
has never completed it to Ohio. It never has
bridged the Ohio river; but the bridge across
that river had to be built by private individuals
at an expense of something like a million dol-
lars. For sixty miles in the western part of
the State it never completed the road at all.
It only completed it to the city of Springfield,
sixty miles east of the western boundary of
Ohio. It never completed it through Indiana.
The Senators from Indiana can tell how that
matter is better than I. It did still less in the
State of Illinois. It requires, however, no
testimony of Senators on that subject. Here
is the report of Colonel Totten that to finish
the road to the Mississippi river would require
an expenditure of nearly $8,000,000 more.
The amount required to complete it exceeds
the amount already expended upon it, so that
Congress left the work half done and only
half done when it abandoned the idea of com-
pleting it at all.
Under those circumstances, Mr. President,
not having completed that road which Indiana
had in her mind when she entered into that
compact, not having completed that road
which Illinois had in her mind when she
entered into that compact, not having made
the road that the people of Ohio had in their
minds when they made their compact, with
what fairness, with what show of equity, or
justice, or good faith can Congress now say we
will retain the two per cent, that was provided
for in the enabling acts of those States ?
Mr. President, I do not know that it is
necessary for me to take up more of the time
of the Senate. I should like very well to
read these acts of Congress, but I suppose
it is hardly necessary, and if it were, we
are so cramped for time that I have not the
power to do so.
Before I take my seat I wish to know it there
is any objection to considering the House bill
as a substitute for the Senate bill under con-
sideration. If there is not, I ask that by unan-
imous consent the House bill may be considered
as substituted for the Senate bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe nothing goes on
by unanimous consent just now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Senator from
Vermont objects.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, sir, at the proper
time I shall ask that that substitution may be
made. I do not know whether it would be in
order to move that it be substituted. If that
motion is in order I make that motion. I do
not know why it should not be, without laying
aside this bill or placing it on the table. I sup-
pose it is in order to move to substitute another
bill.
Mr, EDMUNDS. Certainly, it is in order
to move a substitute ; but that makes it a Sen-
ate bill; and if that answers the Senator's pur-
pose it is all right.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not mean to substi-
tute it as an amendment at all, but for the con-
sideration of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio can move to lay this bill aside
and take up the House bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I can do that, I know,
at the proper time; but I supposed there
would be no objection by unanimous consent
to taking up the House bill instead of the Sen-
ate bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The debate will go on
just as well now.
Mr. THURMAN. I know it will.
Mr. WINDOM. I regret exceedingly to be
compelled by a sense of duty to make a motion
that will tend to interfere with this discussion;
but I am instructed by the Committee on Ap-
propriations, or rather the chairmau was so
instructed, and at his request 1 make the
motion, to ask unanimous consent that this
bill be laid aside, and that we proceed with
the Post Office appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheSenator
from Minnesota asks unanimous consent that
the pending bill be laid aside and th« Post
Office appropriation bill taken up. Is there
objection ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does that mean laid
aside informally ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So the Chair
understands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. To that I object.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the proposition?
To take up what bill ?
Mr. WINDOM. The Post Office appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. THURMAN. Oh, no ; I cannot agree
to that. I object.
Mr. WINDOM. Then I shall be compelled
to make another motion, which I did not wish
to make, in order to test the sense of the Sen-
ate, for I think if this bill, which has been
discussed for the last ^ two days, were on its
passage I should vote for it; but I see no pros-
pect of reaching a vote Already nearly two
days have been spent in its discussion, and
but. ten days of the session remain. There are
two appropriation bills now ready for the
action of the Senate, the Post Office appro-
priation bill and the'Army bill. There are
three other appropriation bills that will very
soon be ready for the House of Representa-
tives, and, as I say, but ten days of the session
remain. I think the Senate will see that I
cannot spend more time in the discussion of
this measure unless we deliberately propose to
have a special session of Congress this spring.
I believe it to be the duty of the Committee
on Appropriations, which I represent, to press
this motion and ask the consideration of the
appropriation bills. That committee will be
to some extent held responsible, I suppose,
if they fail; and as a member of that com-
mittee, I now move by their instruction to
lay this bill on the table in order that I may
move to take up the Post Office appropriation
blThe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota moves to lay the pending
bill on the table.
Mr. MORTON called for the yeas and nays,
