566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
pie from taxation and relieved them from this
principle of a capitation tax. Therefore we
have abandoned that principle, as I conceive,
bo far as relates to a capitation tax. As
regards the distribution of these lands accord-
ing to population, I do not see why if in one
case we can relieve a certain class of people
from a tax, we cannot give to a certain class
of people the benefits of the institutions to be
established under this bill without regard to
the number of population. The bill makes
each State equal, so far as the number of col-
leges and the benefits to be derived by each
State are concerned. It is proper and right
that we should have one such institution in
each of the States whereby all the people of
that State may have the opportunity to take
advantage of the facilities afforded by such an
institution, so far as it will yield advantages to
them in accordance with the amount donated
by the General Government.
For these reasons, Mr. President, I shall
vote for this bill, believing it to be for the best
interests of the country, that it will do some-
thing toward the general education of the
people and the universal education of the
nation. If I had it in my power and it were
constitutional, I would tax this nation for the
■universal education of the people of the
United States. In the universal education of
the people lies the safety of our institutions.
Raise the standard of education, impart edu-
cation to all by a universal system, and repub-
lican institutions will remain permanent and
safe ; deprive a portion of the people of those
advantages, or even of the higher advantages
of education, and these institutions may at
some future time crumble and fall. I shall
therefore give my support to any bill that may
be presented for the advancement of the
people and the perpetuity of our institutions
by the education of all.
Mr. TIPTON. I propose the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the first
section:
And provided further, That it shall be lawful for
euch States as have public lands subject to salo
within their limits to select from such lands five
hundred thousand acres, in lieu of the proceeds of
the sale of that amount of land ; and such selection
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
the act of July 2, 1862. referred to in this act.
I desire to call attention to one fact that is
evident to every member of the Senate who
has been conversant with the mode of locating
and selling the agricultural college scrip issued
under the act' of 1862. All the States that
had public lands within their borders were
allowed to locate their land instead of taking
college scrip. I have a statement before me,
which I believe to be accurate, that Kansas,
with only three Representatives iu Congress,
receiving her ninety thousand acres of land
under the former act, has np to this time been
able to sell one half that amount, realizing for
it $225,000, and that at the present time she
could command $450,000 for the residue.
This would give her, then, out of her portion
nearly $700,000; while Ohio received the scrip
on the basis of a very large representation,
and has never, perhaps, realized more than
$342,000. The advantage to the State that
has the land within its limits, in being per-
mitted to locate it is this: the State can make
a more valuable location than could perhaps
be made by the individual who undertakes to
settle, the proceeds of which settlement is to
go to the State. Again, it is an embarrass-
ment to settlement in all the new States that
laud should be purchased and held from settle-
ment. If it is to be. held from settlement for
any length of time, leave it under the guar-
dianship of the State, and when the State feels
the pressing necessity for putting it in the
market, the State can control it and receive
population as fast as she desires by offering
her lands for sale. All things considered,
therefore, I simply ask that the same rule that
was observed in the distribution of these lands
under the original law shall obtain under this
bill.
Mr. WINDOM. I wish to occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate but a moment.
When the Senator from Vermont introduced
this amendment to the original bill I consid-
ered it so great an improvement upon the bill
reported by the committee that I felt almost
inclined to give it my support; but upon fur-
ther consideration, and hearing the discussions
that have taken place within the last two days,
I am unable to vote for it. I suggested to the
Senator frdm Vermont an amendment yester-
day, which, upon his persuasive eloquence I
withheld, that would make this bill speak "a
plain, unvarnished tale," without any attempt—
I will not say attempt to cover up, but without
any possibility of misconception. I have not
offered the amendment, but as another amend-
ment is now in order I will suggest it. It is
to strike out in the eleventh, twelfth, and thir-
teenth lines the words " the proceeds of the
sale of five hundred thousand acres of public
lands, estimated at $1 25 per acre," and to
say, in plain Anglo-Saxon, " $625,000, to be
paid out of the proceeds of the public lands."
That is what I understand the bill to mean,
and if it means that I think we ought to say so.
Mr. President, I have listened with a great
deal of interest to the earnestness and elo-
quence of the Senator from Vermont, upon this
subject, and he has almost converted me two
or three times as he has held up before my
view these grand institutions of learning to be
scattered all over the country in every State, to
give to all the youth of the country the bene-
fit of an education. I felt that if such a thing
could be accomplished by this bill I would be
glad to give it, my support; but, sir, I can see,
when I come to look at the figures, no such
prospect in the future.
What do we propose to do, Mr. President?
I If this policy 8tops here it will absolutely
! amount to nothing, in my judgment. If it
: goes further, what shall we hereafter be called
j upon to do? I have taken the pains within
the last fifteen or twenty minutes to ascertain
| the average proceeds of the sales of the public
lands for the last ten years. The aggregate
is $16,684,980. The average, therefore, is
$1,668,498.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is it for the last
five years—since the war ?
Mr. WINDOM. During the last four years
the average is $3,733,712; but taking the aver-
age of ten years it amounts to $1,668,498, or
about $43,000 a year to each one of these col-
leges. With an endowment of only $43,000 a
year for these great institutions that we have
heard of_ for the last two days, I think the
expectations of my honorable friend from Ver-
mont will not be realized. The interest on
that sum amounts to about $2,500 ayear, and
it is proposed to scatter it all over the country,
in these new States and everywhere else,
where it would be regarded as a mere gift,
and hence not husbanded as taxation from the
people would be. I apprehend you will find the
results very much as we have seen them grow-
ing out of the former bill presented in the House
of Representatives by my friend from Ver-
mont. He will not perhaps remember as well
as I do the controversy that he and I had upon
that subject there. I was very much opposed
to the project of granting the public lands as
then provided for the benefit of these colleges.
I believed it would be a failure; that something
else would be asked for; that the colleges
could not be founded and sustained by any
such grant as that; and that while it would
fail to accomplish the object which I knew the
Senator had at heart, it would at the same
time blight large portions of the western coun-
try by putting cheap scrip upon the market
that would go into the hands of speculators
and to that extent defeat the operation of the
homestead and preemption laws. Certainly
the result has fully justified the fears I then
entertained. The Senator is here to-day ask-
ing additional help for these colleges. If you
now appropriate a sum that will only amount
to $43,000 a year to a great institution of this
kind, he will very soon oome back again and
demand something more.
As I said a moment ago, if this policy is to
stop here, it amounts to nothing. If it is to
go further, what are we to do? Either put
our hands in the Treasury and do as wo are
doing to-day, pay out the people's money to
build these institutions, or else to that extent
abrogate our preemption and homestead laws
and make a grant of public lands. I have not
so much fear that we shall appropriate very
large sums of money, for I think Congress will
not venture upon that hereafter; but I do fear
that when it is ascertained that these sums of
money will not maintain these institutions,
instead of the great institutions of learning
which are held up to our admiring gaze here
to-day, we shall see little sickly institutions all
over the country, not able to support them-
selves, and see those gentlemen who were
here last winter, all of them men of high
standing, representatives of these colleges,
again before Congress asking that you will
set aside certain portions of the public lands
absolutely for their benefit. We shall find
then an application to Congress to set aside
thirty or forty million acres of public lands,
and we shall go through the same experience
that we have already had with reference to
former agricultural college scrip.
I do regard this measure as dangerous to
the homestead and preemption policy, and as
such I cannot give it my support. I do not
believe that any Senator from a new State
should give it his support. Failing to carry
on these institutions with this money, I warn
Senators that hereafter they will find appli-
cations to give away scrip again, and the same
blight that has settled upon many portions of
the western country by reason of that act will
be extended and enlarged when we come to
make the additional grants which will be neces-
| sary under the future calls that will be made
by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I did not
think it possible for any Senator to provoke
me to another remark, but I confess that I am
taken somewhat by surprise by the strai n of
the Senator from Minnesota. Mr. President,
the State of Minnesota possesses fifty-three
million acres of land. We have appropriat- d
seventy-five hundred thousand acres to that
State for railroads, and have sold but two
and a half millions; and now the Senator
begrudges that we shall appropriate to the
whole Union a little trifle more than three
times the amount that has already been given
to the State of Minnesota. I do not say this
as implying that anything has been done
wrong in relation to the State of Minnesota,
but I do think, after the generous treatment
she has received, she is not in a condition to
come here and find fault in relation to the dis-
position of the public lands.
Now, with regard to the provisions of this
bill, I consulted every member from the land
States, including the Senator from Minnesota,
and they expressed themselves as entirely
satisfied with the amendment now proposed
instead of the original bill. I received the
assurance from all those Senators that it would
have their support with this change. I there-
fore was not prepared, as I say, to hear the
remarks of the Senator from Minnesota. '
One word in relation to the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Nebraska, [Mr.
Tipton.] We have abandoned the whole idea
that any change should be introduced in rela-
tion to the homestead law, or the admin-
istration of our public domain ; and yet the
Senator from Nebraska comes here and offers
an amendment that proposes to give to that
State an opportunity to monopolize, to seize
and withhold from market five hundred thou-
