230
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 9,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
in the year eighteen hundred and sixty said
lands were ordered to be surveyed by the Gen-
eral Government, which survey was approved
by the surveyor general of Missouri on the
second day of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, and that by act of Congress ap-
proved March the twelfth, eighteen hundred
and sixty, said county was given two years in
which to present its claim and make proof to
its title to said lands, which could not be done,
owing to the existence of civil war then afflict-
ing the people of said county; and whereas
said county, believing further time would be
given to make said claim and proof, did sell
to actual settlers the greater portion of said
lands, which purchasers, relying on said title,
have made, in many instances, permanent and
valuable improvements: Therefore,
Beit enacted by the Senate and, Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the lands above re-
ferred to be, and the same are hereby, granted
to the coanty of Scott, in the State of Mis-
souri, which lands, in the aggregate, amount
to four thousand four hundred and ten and
seventy-one hundredths acres, and described
as follows: parts of sections one, two, three,
eleven, twelve, thirteen, twenty-four, and
twenty-five, all in township number twenty-
seven, range twelve: Provided, That nothing
in this act shall prejudice the rights of any
homestead or other entry made, by any person
whatsoever, under the laws of the United States
on said lands.
Approved, December 27, 1872.
Chap. XVIII.—An Act making Appropria-
tions to supply Deficiencies in the Appropri-
ations for the service of the Government for
' the fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen
hundred and seventy-three, and for other
purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, be, and
the same are hereby, appropriated for the ser-
vice of the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-three, for the purposes
hereinafter expressed, namely:
post office department.
For the manufacture, engraving, and print-
ing of postal cards for the service of the quar-
ter ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-three, fifty thousand dollars.
For registry-locks, to be used on through
mail routes for pouches containing registered
letters, three thousand dollars.
coast survey.
For replacing old and worn-out vessels for
service in the Coast Survey, one hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the Atlantic
and Gulf coasts and Lake Champlain, includ-
ing compensation of civilians engaged in the
work, and excluding pay and emoluments of
officers of the Army and Navy and petty offi-
cers and men of the Navy employed in the
work, twenty thousand dollars.
CENSUS.
For a deficiency in the appropriations for the
expenses of the ninth census, twelve thousand
dollars.
rebel ram albemarle.
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay
the captors of the rebel ram Albemarle, in
accordance with the decree of the district court
of the United States for the District of Colum-
bia, two hundred and two thousand nine hun-
dred and twelve dollars and ninety cents.
patent office.
For photo-lithographing, or otherwise pro-
ducing copies of drawings of current and back
issues of patents from the Patent Office, and
for reproducing back numbers of the Patent
Office Gazette, twenty thousand dollars.
district of Columbia:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
pay the expenditures made by the Board of
Public Works of the District of Columbia for
paving roadway, and curbing and paving side-
walks; grading, sewerage, and other improve-
ments upon and adjoining the property of the
United States in the District of Columbia, one
million two hundred and forty-one thousand
nine hundred and twenty dollars and ninety-
two cents, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary : Provided, That all payments under this
appropriation shall be made only upon vouch-
ers approved by the officer in charge of the
public buildings and grounds of the District,
after full examination and measurement of the
said improvements, and the approval of the
prices claimed therefor: And provided fur-
ther, That the said Board of Public Works be,
and they are hereby, prohibited from incur-
ring or contracting further liabilities on behalf
of the United States in the improvement of
streets, avenues, and reservations beyond the
amount of appropriations previously made by
Congress, and from entering into any contract
touching such improvements on behalf of the
United States, except in pursuance of appro-
priations made by Congress.
Approved, January 8, 1873.
Chap. XIX.—An Act to provide for the
Removal of the sunken Wreck which now
obstructs the Channel-way off Sandy Hook.
Beitenacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of fifteen
thousand dollars, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, be, and the same hereby is,
appropriated, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
for the purpose of removing the sunken wreck
which now obstructs the channel-way off Sandy
Hook, New York: Provided, That nothing
herein contained or any action to be had
hereunder shall relieve from liability to repay
such expenditure any one responsible for said
obstruction.
Approved, January 8, 1873.
Chap. XX.—An Act to provide for the
Expenses of the Commission to inquire into
Depredations on the Frontiers of the State
of Texas.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to meet the expenses of the
commission appointed under joint resolution,
approved May seventh, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, " to inquire into depredations on
the frontiers of the State of Texas," viz.:
For salaries and traveling expenses of three
commissioners, twelve thousand three hundred
and ninety dollars.
For salaries of secretary and translator, at
eighteen hundred dollars each, three thousand
six hundred dollars.
For traveling expenses of'the secretary and
the translator, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For contingent expenses of the commission,
one thousand dollars; and the work of aaid
commission shall be completed within the cur-
rent fiscal year, and at the termination of said
year the duties and powers of said commis-
sion shall cease.
Approved, January 8, 1873.
Chap. XXI.—An Act to amend the one hun-
dred and thirty-third section of an Act
approved June eighth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, entitled "An Act to revise,
consolidate, and amend the Statutes relating
to the Post Office Department."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section one hundred
and thirty-three of the act entitled " An act to
revise, consolidate, and amend the, statutes
relating to the Post Office Department,"
approved June eighth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, be so amended as to authorize
the transmission by mail of packages of seeds,
cuttings, bulbs, roots, andscions of any weight,
for each of said packages, not exceeding four
pounds, at a rate of postage of one cent, for
each two ounces or fractions of an ounce of
such package or packages: Provided, That
all mail matter of the third class must be pre-
paid in full in postage stamps at the office of
mailing.
Approved, January 9, 1873.
Chap. XXII.—An Act authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue an American
Register to the English-built, wrecked
Schooner, N. J. Miller.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
issue an American register or enrolment to
the English-built schooner N. J. Miller, which
schooner was wrecked, towed into an Ameri-
can port, sold to and now owned by an Ameri-
can citizen.
Approved, January 9, 1873.
Chap. XXIII.—An Act. making Appropria-
tions for the payment of Invalid and other
Pensions of the United States, for the year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, for the payment of pensions for the
fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June, eigh-
teen hundred and seventy-four.
For Army pensions to invalids, widows, and
dependent relatives, revolutionary pensions,
and pensions to soldiers of the war of eigh-
teen hundred and twelve, and for furnishing
artificial limbs or apparatus for resection,
with transportation, or commutation therefor;
also, for compensation to pension agents, and
the expenses of the several agencies, and for
fees for preparing vouchers and administering
oaths, as provided for by the acts of April
twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and sixteen;
July fourth, eighteen hundred and thirty-six;
May thirteenth, eighteen hundred arad forty-
six ; February twentieth, eighteen hundred
and forty-seven ; February second, eighteen
hundred and forty-eight; 'July twenty-first,
eighteen hundred and forty-eight; July twenty-
ninth, eighteen hundred and forty-eight; Feb-
ruary third, eighteen hundred and fifty-three ;
June third, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight;
July fourteenth and seventeenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two; June thirtieth, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-four; June sixth and
July twenty fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six; Julytwenty-seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight; June seventeenth and July eighth
and eleventh, eighteen hundred and seventy;
February fourteenth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one ; and February twentieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two; and all other pen-
sions provided by law, thirty million dollars.
