1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1531
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, re-
ferred this subject to myself and another Sen-
ator as a sub-committee. I certainly have no
feeling on the subject. I am well satisfied in
my own mind thathereis a claim madeagainst
the national Treasury that has no justice in it,
and the opinion of all the lawyers in Christen-
dom would not change my' judgment. I think
it looks as if the promoters of this bill began
to feel the weakness of their cause on argu-
ment, when they, with such avidity, in the
Senate of the United States, run to find what
opinions they can get to bolster up their case.
No one will dispute that Benjamin R. Curtis
is indeed a lawyer of ability, and I suppose
the friends of this bill will not dispute that
he was paid for his opinion on this subject.
No one will dispute that the honorable gen-
tlemen who have been named, Mr. Hendricks,
Judge Davis, Judge Drummond, Judge
Walker, and Judge Caton, are respectable men
and able lawyers; but do they add anything to
the opinion of the six Senators from those
States, inasmuch as they nearly all came from
the State of Illinois? Do they add anything to
the opinion that we have from the represent-
atives of those States? Or does the opinion
of Judge Cartter, from the State of Ohio, add
anything to the weight of the highly respect-
able representatives we have from the States
interested in this, question ? If we are to be
referred to authority, it would have been much
more satisfactory if we could have had at least
disinterested opinions on the subject.
We have been told that the Legislatures of
these States have recommended the passage
of this bill. My own opinion is that if one
fifth of the people of the United States, repre-
sented by these three great States, understood
this question, they would not ask for the money,
and they would not expect their representa-
tives in Congress to ask it on their behalf. I
believe so, because of the patriotism and devo-
tion that the people of those States have ever
manifested toward this nation.
What is this claim ?' It is said that the lands
of the United States in these States were ex-
empted from taxation for five years after their
sale by the Government. Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, that was as much for the benefit of the
people of those respective States as for the
benefit of the Union. It was for their mutual
benefit. It helped the nation in that it en-
abled the nation more readily to sell its lands ;
and it helped the States in that it facilitated
population. But those States received more
than that benefit. They received this whole
expenditure for improvements under the con-
tract, more than the benefit that that exemp-
tion gave. But whatever may be said in
reference to the exemption from taxation as
creating a claim here, it was the clear contract
that those States voluntarily and deliberately
entered into.
Then it is urged that there is a claim here
because the newer States received five per
cent, of the net proceeds of the sales of the
lands without this exemption from taxation.
But they have not received the benefit of the
$7,000,000 which was expended forthe benefit
of these three States, and therefore there is no
similarity in the positions of the claims of the
different States. But I submit that there is
no obligation on the part of this nation to treat
all States equally. This nation acts in its
sovereign capacity, and does what it deems right
to do at the time. Thus we find that the State
of Illinois has received of the public lands six
million acres, and new States admitted since
1841 are restricted to one twelfth of that
amount, only five hundred thousand acres.
Then the promoters of this bill undertake to
liken this ease to that of Mississippi, Missouri,
and Alabama, where the two per cent, was
paid to them. We never fulfilled our contract
with ihose Slates, and they received the money.
With Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois we did fulfill
our contract, and they should not receive the
money.
Neither is the ease of Missouri, as it is
stated and reported here, like this. The
State of Missouri, it is true, received back the
two per cent., and it is true that that State
was benefited by the construction of this
National road leading toward that State. But
it is also true that Ohio received two millions
expended in the State; Indiana received
$750,000 expended in the State; Illinois
received a million and a quarter of dollars
expended in the State; and therefore, in 1859,
when the application was made by the State
of Missouri—not under the act of 1857
referred to here, but under another and a dis-
tinct act—Congress said,' ■ inasmuch as we have
not spent any of this money in the State, but
have spent it in the other States with which
we made the contract, and as you have built a
road instead of ourselves, we will remit to you
the two per cent." There is no similarity
between the case of Missouri and this applica-
tion.
Why, Mr. President, if we are going to pay
this money to these three States because of
what we have done for Mississippi, Missouri,
and Louisiana, then, in order to make Mis-
souri, Mississippi, and Alabama equal to these
three States again, we shall have to make the
improvement for them, or an expenditure
equal to its value.
Mr. EDMUNDS. To pay them the cash
for it will be the next step.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes; as to the
true construction of the act of 1857, that
act, in so many words, requires an account to
be stated between the State and the national
Government, " if there is no charge to be made
against the National Government, as in the
case of Alabama, you will make none; if
there is a charge, as in the case of Ohio, you
will make it and strike the balance."
The United States has technically fulfilled
its contract in building roads leading to those
States. It has substantially fulfilled it, inas-
much as, instead of expending $1,800,000, it
has expended $6,700,000. And inasmuch as it
has expended in the State of Ohio $2,077,631
to meetthis claim of $400,000, and in the State
of Indiana $1,128,259 50, to meet the claim of
Indiana of $400,000, and in Illinois $742,44530,
to meet the claim of Illinois of $500,000, there
is not a leg or a foot for this bill to stand
upon. As I said in the beginning, if the
people of those States understood it tliey
would not require their representatives^ in the
Legislature to ask for it, and the Legislature
would not require their Representatives here
to insist upon it.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I do not rise
for the purpose of discussing this question at
large, but simply to reply very briefly to the
points made by the Senator from New Jersey
who has just taken< his seat.
He closed as he began, by saying that if the
people of these three States understood this
question as he understands it they would not
be before Congress with their memorialsask
ingfor the refunding of this two per cent. fund.
His argument assumes that the people of these
States and the eminent gentlemen whose
opinions have been quoted here do not under-
stand this question ; that the Governors of these
three States, Governor Hayes of Ohio, Gov
ernor Baker of Indiana, and Governor Palmer
of Illinois, who sent their memorials here a
little upward of a year ago, do not understand
this question. I happen to have before me
the memorial of the Governors of these States.
Let us see whether their attention was ever
attracted to this question ; let _ us see whether
they ever expressed any opinion upon it.
This document bears date January 4, 1872.
I shall not read the whole of it, but only so
much of it as relates to this precise question,
the construction which should be put upon the
act of 1857. They say as follows:
To withhold payment would bo to discriminate
unjustly against our own States, and this we earn-
estly insist would be a great wrong. We do not
propose, however, to reargue the question, for that
would be a work of supererogation. Let it suffice
to say that we hold it to be a legal axiom that the
act of March 3,1857, entitled " An a.ct to settle cer-
tain accounts between the State of Mississippi ajd
other States," commands the statement, allowance,
and payment of what has not been paid of these
aocounts, without abatement or discount, and wo
ask you shall declare that to be the true construc-
tion of said act, to the end that it may be respected
and executed."
They go on to say :
" It is difficult to understand how any doubts
should ever have been expressed as to the corruct
meaning of the legislation, and to you
Speaking to the Senators and Represent-
atives in Congress—
" we appeal, in behalf of our respective States, for
that j ustice to which they are clearly entitled."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
friend, not having the document at hand, what
document he is reading from?
Mr. PRATT. I am reading from the me-
morial of the Governors of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois to the Senators and Representatives
in Congress, dated at Springfield, January 4,
1872. I will send it to the Senator as soon as
1 get through.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Thank you.
Mr. PRATT. One would think after listen-
ing to this document that the Governors of
these States had considered this precise ques-
tion and had expressed an opinion about the
construction to be given to that law, and that
in their opinion there could be no doubt what
that construction should be.
Now, Mr. President, I come very briefly to
consider the law itself. The Senator from
New Jersey has insisted that it was within the
contemplation of Congress, in the passage of
the act of 1857, that the expenditures made
in the building of this road through these
States should be considered and deducted.
Let us see whether there is any foundation for
that opinion or not. Remember, that this act
was passed in 1857, and there had not been a
lick struck upon that National road later than
1838. When this Mississippi act passed nine-
teen years had elapsed since a single dollar
had been expended upon the Cumberland
road. It was known then, just as well as it is
known now, that nearly $7,000,000 had been
expended in the construction of the.road.
What at that time, what now does this two
per cent, fund amount to in these three
States? You have heard it stated here yes-
terday and to-day that till told it is less than
$1,300,000. Now add the two per cent, of
the proceeds of the sales of the public lands
in the State of Missouri, and put that at
$700,000, and you have the sum total of the
two per cent, fund m all four of those States
not exceeding $2,000,000. That fact was
known to Congress in 1857 when this act was
LiOOvvi i
Now, then, we are prepared to test the sound-
ness of the opinions which have been ex-
pressed here. Is it to be presumed that Con-
gress contemplated that these expenditures
should be deducted from the two per cent,
fund coming from the States, when that two
per cent, fund, all told, including the State of
Missouri, would not have exceeded $2,000,-
000, and when the actual expenditures upon
the road bordered upon $7,000,000? Why,
sir, it is a most absurd supposition. The
National rnad, or the Cumberland road more
properly speaking, was never mentioned at
all in the debates which preceded the pass-
age of this law. The road itself had com-
pletely dropped out of memory. Nearly twenty
years had passed at the time Congress pro-
vided that the same accounting should take
place between the States of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois, and I may add Missouri, that, was
about to take place with the States of Alabama
and Mississippi. . Why provide for an account-
ing and payment to these States of what was
coming to them of the two per cent., when
the records of the Treasury Department would
show an excess of expenditures by more than
$5,000,000, if Congress really intended to
