568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
opinion of the Legislature of each individual
State.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Nebraska.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have the amend-
ment read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert at the end of the first section the fol-
lowing proviso:
And,provided, further. That it shall be lawful for
such States as have publio lands subject to sale
within ther limits to select from such lands five
hundred thousand acres in lieu of the proceeds of
the sale of that amount of land; and such selection
shall be made in accordance with the provisions of
the act of July 2,1862, referred to in this section.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, I offer the
following amendment: strike out all after the
word "Treasury," in the eleventh line of
the second section, down to the word "act,"
in the ninth line of the same section, and
insert in lieu thereof the words:
To issue a certificate to the State setting forth that
the said State is entitled to the sum provided for in
the first section of this act for the exclusive use of
any college or colleges that have been established
in such State, to be apportioned between said col-
leges in proportion to the amount heretofore by
them received under the provisions of the act of
Congress mentioned in the first section of this act.
Mr. President, the only chauge that th is
amendment proposes to make is that the cer-
tificate is to be issued by the Treasury Depart-
ment to the State, and not to the trustees and
managers of the colleges. The original act
of 1862 makes each of these colleges a State
institution, and the first section of this bill
states that " there is hereby appropriated to
each State;" but this section directs the cer-
tificate to be given to the trustees and the
managers of the colleges. Now, to make the
bill congruous and consistent with itself, this
amendment I think should be adopted; and
also the distribution of the endowment of the
college should be under the authority and direc-
tion of the State and not of the trustees, be-
cause it is a State institution. This whole
discussion has proceeded upon the ground of
its being a State institution. The very nature
and manner of the distribution of the fund
looks to it as a State institution, or it would
not be equally distributed among the States.
Then if it is to be further endowed it will have
to be endowed by the State. It is, I suppose,
conceded that the interest of the money to be
derived from the sale of the public lands will
not be sufficient to sustain an institution of
this kind, and it must necessarily look to the
Slate for further patronage. I therefore think
that the certificate of the Treasury Department
should be given to the State. The State is
authorized and bound by the amendment which
I have sent up to the Secretary to appropriate
tile money according to the original act and
according to this act. The latter portion of
the amendment is in the very words of the
amendment of the-Senator from Vermont, and
the only difference is that it is to be under the
direction of the State, the money is to be given
to the State, and the State is bound to appor-
tion the money according to the provisions of
this bill as presented by the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I regret to
be compelled to say a single word further upon
this bill, and I regret more that the Senator
from Maryland should have offered this amend-
ment. If there is one feature in the bill that
has received more general approbation than
any other it is that portion of the bill which
provides that this money shall be paid over to
the trustees of existing colleges. It removes
it from politics. States that organize a col-
lege, of course, will appoint trustees that can
be trusted. There is no occasion therefore for
making any change in the language of the bill.
It is entirety safe. It saves all trouble about
future controversies as to how the money is to
be distributed; and if it did not go to these
institutions that we have begun to endow, I
would not myself be in favor of it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, as I
understand the amendment of the Senator
from Maryland—if I am in error he will cor-
rect me—the effect of it is to assimilate this
bill to the till of 1862 in regard to making the
State the trustee of the fund, to distribute it
in the manner pointed out by the act of 1862.
Now, the Senator from Vermont says that
there are many evils in that mode of proceed-
ing, and that if there be a feature in his bill
which more than any other has met with gen-
eral applause it is the feature at which the
amendment of the Senator from Maryland is
aimed. I can very well understand that trustees
of colleges and professors in colleges would
prefer to have the management of this fund
than to have it managed by the State; for I
believe if there be one peculiarity about aver-
age human nature more marked than another
it is the passion which we all have to dabble
in the very subject which we least understand.
If I wanted to insure the destruction of this
fund, the dissipation of it without accomplish-
ing a tithe of the objects intended by the Sen-
ator from Vermont, I would take it away from
the State ; I would take it away from the
authorities of the State, from the responsi-
bility under which they act to their constitu-
ents, from the capacity for dealing with sub-
jects of government which to some extent
they possess, and vest the administration of it
in boards of trustees here and there in every
little college that may start up to get the ben-
efit of this act in every State of this Union
from the Atlantic to the Pacific. Why, sir,
your fund would not be heard of in five years.
It would disappear like the rivers of Cali-
fornia in the sand of mismanagement. There
would be no intentional mismanagement; but
the great bulk of human mismanagement and
of human wrong is the result of the best inten-
tions marred by a lack of judgment.
Who has said that thus far the fund granted
by the act of 1862 has been seriously misman-
aged by the States, taking them at large ? The
report of the Land Office for 1869 gives you in
detail the dealings of the States with that fund.
1 see that the State of Minnesota managed so
wisely and judiciously her one hundred and
twenty thousand acres that she will probably
realize $000,000 from it. In my own State,
where we got one hundred and fifty thousand
acres and invested it in our State university
and in a board of gentlemen who are under
State control directly, we expect to realize from
seven hundred and fifty thousand to one mil-
lion dollars, out of that body of om: hundred
and fifty thousand acres; and is there any mal-
administration in that ? There were cases un-
doubtedly—few, however—in which the State
authorities did not well administer this fund;
but as a rule the States have been singularly
faithful to the trust reposed in them by the act
of 1862.
There is another reason why the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maryland ought to
be adopted. It is absolutely necessary, in my
judgment—and I desire to speak with the
greatest deference to the Senator from Ver-
mont who has brought this bill forward—to
prevent this act from coming in direct conflict
with the act of 1862, or else from being brought
under a construction that I am sure nobody
would propose to put upon it. There are two
or three instances of what I say in the bill ; I
will cite one to begin with. I ask Senators
who may be like myself sufficiently interested
in this bill to have followed it throughout nearly
the whole of the discussion, to look at the first
section. They will there find a grant of five
hundred thousand acres to each State in which
the colleges provided for by the act of 1862
have been put in operation or may be within
five years from the passage of this act; and
then it goes on to say that this new grant of
five hundred thousand acres, or rather the
proceeds of that land, shall be subject to all the
" conditions as to the application and manage-
ment of the sum hereby appropriated as are
prescribed in the act hereinbefore mentioned."
Now, sir, what is one of the conditions as
to the management and disposition of the fund
provided in the act of 1862? I call the atten-
tion of Senators who are here to represent
States and protect them against hasty and im-
provident legislation to what I am about to
read. In section five, first subdivision, of the
act of 1862, it is provided that—
" If any portion of the fund invested, as provided
by the foregoing section, or any portion of the in-
terest thereon, shall, by any action or contingency,
be diminished or lost.it shall be replaced by the
State to which it belongs, so that the capital of the
fund shall remain forever undiminished."
That was well enough perhaps in that act,
because by that act the State was made the
trustee of the fund, and for that purpose the
fund was vested in the State, and if the State
did not administer the trust properly, or if it
suffered it to go into the hands of those who
did not administer it properly, it was right and
proper that the State should be made respons-
ible for it and should be obliged to make the
fund good. But what propriety is there in ap-
plying such a rule as that to a State where you
do not permit a fund to go into the hands of
the State? You pay this money direct to
the presidents and professors and trustees
and boards of colleges all over the country;
and then you make the State, after you have
ignored her entirely in that essential part of
the transaction, responsible for all the errors,
or even for the willful default of those trustees.
Surely, sir, there can be no propriety in such
a proceeding as that. The language of this
bill is explicit that the appropriation which is
made shall be upon " such conditions as to
the application and management of the sum
hereby appropriated as are prescribed in the
act hereinbefore mentioned." Therefore, if
there is mismanagement, the State is liable
under this bill precisely as it was liable under
the act of 1862. I ask to have the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maryland read once
more.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Vickers.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand the lan-
guage to be " have been or shall be." That
was intended I presume by the Senator from
Maryland,'' have been or shall be established,''
because I presume it is not the intention of
this act to preclude colleges already estab-
lished from the benefit of it.
Mr. VICKERS. Let the amendment be
corrected in that way.
Mr. CASSERLY. Insert "have been or"
before the words "shall be." How does it
read now ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the amendment as modified.
The Chief Clerk. The words proposed to
be inserted by the Senator from Maryland are:
To issue a certificate to the State setting forth
that the said State is entitled to the sum provided
for in the first section of this act for the exclusive
use of any college or colleges that have been or
shall be established in such State, to be apportioned
between said colleges in proportion io the amount
heretofore by them received under the provisions of
the act of Congress mentioned in the first section of
this act.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think, looking to the
object of this act as it appears upon its face,
it ought to be conceded by every one that it is
important to give the States an interest in the
progress and welfare of these institutions. The
act of 1862 did it, and to that extent it was
well framed. In the same degree that you
take away from the State or the people of the
State a proper interest in the well-being of the
colleges provided for by this act or the act of
1862, you inflict an injury on them. I know
