1532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
charge up to the States at that time these
expenditures ?
Now, sir, as an original question, can there
be any doubt about the intention of Congress
in the passage of this Mississippi act? "Why,
sir, my own convictions are just as clear and
strong as are those expressed by the Govern-
ors of those States in the memorial which I
have just read. But let us look ag.iin to this
act which lias been so often quoted and com-
mented upon in this debate. What was the
accounting that was to take place between the
United States and the State of Mississippi ?
What was that account which the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office was to state?
What was it to embrace? It was not, as the
Assistant. Secretary of the Interior supposes
in the opinion which was read here yesterday,
simply an account of the Indian reservations,
how much they would amount to at $1 25 an
acre. It embraced- not only the reservations, i
but all the public lands in the State of Missis-
sippi. The mandate is:
"That tho Commissioner of the General Land
Office be, nntl lie is hereby, reciuired to state an
account between the United States and the State
ot Mississippi for the purpose of ascertaining what
sum or sums of money are due to said State, here-
tofore unsettled, on account of the public lands in
said State."
Mark that expression—
"on account of the public lands in said State,
and upon the same principles of allowance and
settlement prescribed
In the Alabama act—
" and that he be required to include in said account
the several reservations under the various treaties
with the Chickasaw and Choctaw Indians within the
limits of Mississippi, and allow and pay to the said
State five percent, thereon."
Five per cent, on what? On the Indian
reservations, as the Assistant Secretary of the
Interior supposes? Not a word of it, but on
the Indian reservations and on the public
lands. That, was the whole scope of the Ala-
bama act, which preceded the Mississippi act
by twoyears. Let me read that, as it is short:
" That the Commissioner of the General Land
Office be, and he is hereby, required to state an
acoount between the United States and the State ot
Alabama, for the purpose of ascertaining what sum
or sums of money are due to said State, heretofore
unsettled, under the sixth section of the act of
March 2,1819, forthe admission of Alabama into the
Union ; and that he be required to include in said
account the several reservations under the various
treaties with the Chickasaw. Choctaw, and Creek
Indians within the limits of Alabama, and allow
and pay to the said State five percent, thereon, as
in case of other sales."
Here is a direct mandate upon the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to ascer-
tain how much the five per cent, upon the
sales of public lands and the Indian reserva-
tions in these two States of Alabama and
Mississippi will amount to, and when he has
ascertained the amount that is due, the re
(juirement is that he shall pay to the States
five per cent, thereon ; that is, upon the public
lands as well as upon the Indian reservations.
Then it will be perceived that the accounting
is to take place upon both, upon the public
lands as well as upon the Indian reservations.
Language could not be clearer.
Now we come to the second section, which
has elicited so much comment in this debate;
and let me say in this connection that the only
public land States to which this section is
applicable were the States Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, and Missouri, and that requires—
"That the said Commissioner shall also state an
account between the United States and each of the
other States
referring to these four—
" upon the same principles, and shall allow and pay
to each State"—
meaning these four States, because there were
no other States to which this law was appli
cable—
"such amount as shall thus be found due, estimating
nil lands and permanent reservations at$l 25 per
acre."
Where is reference made here or in any
other act of Congress to the expenditures
which had beeu made under the authority of
Congress in the construction of the Cumber-
land road ? If it was intended that the moneys
expended in Ohio, or Indiana, or Illinois,
should be taken into consideration by the
commissioner, why, in the name of ail that is
reasonable, was not reference made to those
expenditures? But, as I argued a little wmle
ago, the idea is utterly absurd that those
expenditures ever entered into the mind of
Congress. Why? Because this two per cent,
fund would have been utterly overwhelmed by
those expenditures. You have heard it stated
here repeatedly that it amounts in those three
States to within a fraction of $7,000,000,
■while the two per cent, calculated upon all
the Indian reservations and the public land
:s in those four States would not exceed
$2,000,000. • i ■ .
Now, sir, passing from this point, I wish to
consider very briefly another point that has
been made in this debate, and that is in rela-
tion to the compliance by Congress with the
compacts that were made upon the admission
ot these several States into the Union. It is
said that Congress never undertook to com-
plete this road. The Senator from New Jer-
sey argues, and that has been the burden of
his entire argument yesterday and to-day, that
Congress undertook to act in this matter sini
ply as a trustee, to husband this two per cent,
fund, and to apply it, so far as it went, to-the
building of this road, and when the fund gave
out to stop the work. That was the drift of his
argument. If that view is true, why did not Con-
gress stop after this two per cent, fund had all
aeen exhausted? That fuud in Ohio amounts
to $400,000; in Indiana to a little upward of
$400,000 ; and yet the proof is that more than
a million dollars has been expended on this
road in the State of Indiana, and two millions
in the State of Ohio. If this view is true, why
did Congress prosecute the work if it was
really its intention to act simply as a trustee
in disbursing this money as far as it went
in the construction of this road? No, sir,
there is no foundation whatever for that idea.
They went on and spent nearly $7,000,000,
when the entire amount of this two per cent,
fund in the four States would not have ex-
ceeded the sum of $2,000,000. Nay, they
spent more than the entire fund before the
road reached the Ohio river.
But the Senator says that there was no
undertaking on the part of Congress to make
this road? Why, sir, what does the word
"make" mean in the sense in which it is
used in these enabling acts ? If an individual
or a corporation undertakes to make a road,
no matter what kind of a road, whether a
township or a county or a State road, or what-
ever kind of road you please, what does the
word mean? Simply laying out a road; sim-
ply cutting down the timber; simply making
a roadway? Or does it include the bridging
of the streams, the building of a roadway
across swamps or morasses, making a high-
way that may be traveled and used ? And you
must remember that the road here stipulated
to be built was one to counect those great
States west with the navigable waters empty-
ing into the Atlantic, and Congress at an early
day, as early as 1806, manifested what was its
design in this stipulation in the enabling act
of Ohio by prescribing what kind of a road
should be built. But that matter has been
commented upon already by the Senator from
Ohio, and I do not care to pursue that argu-
ment.
Webster says that the word ''make'' has
thirty-one significations. I have had the
curiosity to read them over. Among the ap-
proved senses in which that word is used are
the following: "to form of materials;" "to
fashion;" "to create;" "to put into a suit-
able form for use." Now, I will adopt auy
one of these, and I will prove by that that this
compact on the part of Congress has never
been kept with these States.
II Mr. EDMUNDS. I think w<s are entitled
to the whole document; we ought to have the
whole thirty-one.
Mr. PRATT. Has Congress created this
road ? Has it formed it of materials ? Has it
put it into a suitable form for use? We are
told by Colonel Totten, the engineer who fur-
nished the estimates of the amount of work
that would be necessary in order to make this
road according to the intention of Congress,
that some seven or eight million dollars would
be necessary to complete it. The whole length
of the road to be constructed from Cumber-
land to the Mississippi was six hundred and
fifty miles ; extended from St. Louis to Jeffer-
son City would have been one hundred and
twenty-five miles more ; total, seven hundred
and seventy-five miles. The actual expendi-
tures upon the road amounted to $6,760,400.
There was required to complete that road in
these four States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
and Missouri, $7,896,045.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What document does
the Senator read from ?
Mr. PRATT. I am reading from the esti-
mates of Colonel Totten of the cost of com-
pleting the Cumberland road.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator give me
a reference to the number of the document ?
I do not recognize the paper he has in his
hand.
Mr. PRATT. I can give a reference to the
pamphlet from which this is taken.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe the Senator is
reading from a document. He can turn to the
title-page and tell me in a moment where I
can find it.
Mr. PRATT. Has the Senator any doubt
about the correctness of this estimate?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have very great doubt.
Mr. PRATT. I will endeavor then to hunt
up the original document aud furnish it to the
Senator before the debate closes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg my friend's par-
don; I did not mean to embarrass him, but be
had a document in his hand, and I supposed
he could tell me what £he paper was, that I
might look at it for myself.
Mr. PRATT. The document I have in my
hand is a pamphlet prepared by Mr. Morris,
of Illinois, which is a very exhaustive argu-
ment in the case, and I commend its carelul
consideration to my friend from Vermont.
According to this estimate of Colonel Tot-
ten, it would require to complete this road, or,
in other words, to make it according to the acts
under which Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois were
admitted into the Union, $638,000 in the State
of Ohio; it would require $3,144,250 in the
State of Indiana; it would require $2,448,838
iu the State of Illinois.
Not only has Congress not completed this
road; not only does it require seven millions to
carry out the solemn engagement which Con-
gress made with these new States, but the road
has never been kept a free road. On the con-
trary, Congress commenced surrendering it to
the different States in which the road lay years
and years ago, first with the old States, sur-
rendering it up to Maryland and to Pennsyl-
vania and to Virginia upon the condition that
it should be converted into a toll-road in those
States, and a toll-gate put up at every twenty
miles, so that the people of the West who had
occasion to pass over the road must pay tribute.
And yet this was a road which was to connect,
the West with the navigable waters entering
into the Atlantic!
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator mean
to say that Congress surrendered it to these
various States upon the condition that they
should make it a toll-road? He so said. 1
wish to know where his authority for that ij
Mr. PRATT. I will give the reference to
the Senator if he desires it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do. '
Mr. PRATT. I do not know that upon the
spur of the moment 1 can refer the Senator to
the various acts of Congress on that subject,
but 1 will do the best 1 can.
