1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233-
Laws of the United States.
4 2d Cong....3d Sess.
Chap. XLVI.—An Act to authorize the Wash-
ington City and Point Lookout Railroad Com-
pany to extend a Railroad into and within
the District of Columbia.
Whereas it is represented to this present
Congress that the Washington City and Point
Lookout Railroad Company, organized on the
twenty-fourth day of February, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-two, under the provisions of
an act of the General Assembly of the State
of Maryland entitled "An act to provide for
the creation and regulation of incorporated
companies in the State of Maryland," ap-
proved April fourth, eighteen hundred and
seventy, desire to extend their railroad into
and within the District of Columbia: There-
fore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Washington City
and Point Lookout Railroad Company shall
be, and they are hereby, authorized and em-
powered to extend their railroad into and
within the District of Columbia, to a point on
the Eastern Branch of the Potomac river be-
tween the Potomac river and the point where
the Baltimore and Potomac railroad crosses
the said Eastern Branch; and a branch from
the main stem of said railroad to a point at or
near the southern terminus of the southeastern
boundary line between the District of Colum-
bia and State of Maryland; and the said
Washington City and Point Lookout Railroad
Company are hereby authorized to exercise
the same powers, rights, and privileges, and
be subject to the same restrictions in the exten-
sion and construction of their said railroad
into and within the said District as they may
exercise or are subject to under the said act
of the General Assembly of Maryland, ap-
proved April fourth, eighteen hundred and
seventy, in the construction and operation of
their railroad within the State of Maryland;
and shall be entitled to the same rights, com-
pensation, benefits, and immunities in the use
of said road, and in regard thereto, as are
provided in said act of the General Assembly
of Maryland, it being expressly understood
that the said Washington City and Point Look-
out Railroad Company shall have power to
construct only one railroad within the said
District, and also the said branch road.
Seo. 2. That before the Washington City
and Point Lookout Railroad Company afore-
said shall proceed to construct any railroad
which they may lay out or locate on, through,
or over any land or improvements, or to use,
or take for ase any earth, stone, or other ma-
terials necessary for the construction of said
road, on any land within the said District, they
shall first obtain the assent of the owner of
said land, improvements, or materials, or if
such owner shall be absent from said District,
or shall refuse to give such assent on such
terms as the said company shall approve, or
because of infancy, coverture, insanity, or any
other cause, shall be legally incapable of giving
such assent, then it shall be lawful for the said
company to apply to a judge of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, who shall
thereupon issue his warrant, under his hand
and seal, directed to the marshal of the said
District, requiring him to summon a jury of
twenty citizens of the said District, none of
whom shall be interested, or related to any
person interested'in the land or materials re-
quired for the construction of the said railroad,
or a stockholder, or related to any stockholder
in the said company, to meet on the land, or
near to the other property or materials so re-
quired, on a'day named in such warrant, not
less than ten nor more than twenty days after
issuing the same, to proceed to value the
damages which the owner or owners of any
such land or other property will sustain by the
use or occupation of the same required by the
said company: and the proceedings, duty, and
authority of the said marshal in regard to such
warrant and jury, and the oath or affirmation
to be administered, and inquisition to be made
and returned, shall be the same as are directed
and authorized in regard to the sheriff, by the
tenth section of the said act of the General
Assembly of Maryland, approved April fourth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, and all other
proceedings in regard to such jury, and the
estimation and valuation of damages, and the
payment, or tender of payment of any damages,
ascertained by such valuation and effect thereof,
and of the view of any lands, or other property
or materials, as to giving the said company a
right to use the same for the use or construc-
tion of their railroad within the said District,
as hereby-authorized, shall, in every case and
every respect, be the same as is provided in
and by the before-mentioned act of the General
Assembly of the State of Maryland, in regard
to any railroad to be constructed by the Wash-
ington City and Point Lookout Railroad Com-
pany, in the State of Maryland: Provided,
That whenever, by the said act, the inquisition
of the jury is_ required to be returned to the
clerk of the circuit court, to bo confirmed by
said court at its next session, if not sufficient
cause to the contrary be shown, the inquisi-
tion or inquisitions under this act shall be re-
turned by the marshal to the supreme court
of the District of Columbia, which court shall
have the same jurisdiction and powers over the
subject-matter as the said circuit court have
under the act of the General Assembly of Mary-
land aforesaid.
Seo. 3. That in all cases where a condemna-
tion and valuation of lands or materials shall
have been made under section two of this act,
either party may appeal to the supreme court
of the District of Columbia within thirty days
from the rendition of the verdict of the jury;
and in all cases where the said company shall
take an appeal they shall give bond to the party
or parties claiming and entitled to damages in
a penalty at least double the sum fouud by the
jury, with a condition that the said company
shall pay, or cause to be paid, such amount of
damages and costs as the party or parties may
be entitled to receive on the judgment of the
said supreme court, without delay, and on
which bond ample and sufficient sureties shall
be given, to be approved by the said supreme
court.
Sec. 4. That whenever the said company,
in the construction of their railroad within the
said district, as authorized by this act, shall
find it necessary to cross or intersect any es-
tablished road, street, or other way, it shall be
the duty of said company so to construct the
said railroad across such established road,
street, or other way, as not to impede the
passage or transportation of persons or prop-
erty along the same ; and where it shall be
necessary to pass the said railroad through the
laud of any individual within the said district,
it shall be the duty of said company to provide
for such individual wagon-ways across the said
railroad as may be necessary and proper, from
one part of his land to another ; but, nothing
herein contained shall be so construed as to
authorize the said company to enter upon any lot
or square, or part thereof, owned by the United
States, within the limits of thecities of Washing-
ton or Georgetown, for the purpose of locating
or constructing thesaid railroad, or for the pur-
pose of excavating the same, or taking there-
from any materials, or for any other purposes
and uses whatsoever; but the said company,
in passing into said cities of Washington or
Georgetown, shall pass along or through or
across such street or streets or alleys as may
be hereafter allowed by the Congress of the
United States, upon presentation of survey
and map of proposed location of said road j
and the said Washington City and Point Look-
out Railroad Company may connect within said
District with any railroad or canal company
chartered, or hereafter to be chartered, by such
route or routes within said District as may be
hereafter determined by Congress, and upon
such terms as may be agreed upon by the said
companies respectively, or as may be pre-
scribed by Congress.
Sec. 5. That the said Washington City and
Point Lookout Railroad Company may charge
and receive for tolls and transportation on all
that part of said road within the District of
Columbia, a rate not to exceed five cents per
ton per mile; and the said company may
charge and rcceive for taking up and setting
down any passenger or traveler within said
District conveyed a shorter distance than four
miles a sum not exceeding twelve cents ; aud
Congress reserves the power to further regu-
late the cost of transpgrtation of persons and
freight over said road within said District.
Seo. 6. And the said company are also here-
by authorized and empowered to make such
special contract with any duly authorized offi-
cer or agent of the United States for the con-
veyance of the mail or the transportation of
persons or property for the use of the United
States on any railroad which shall be con-
structed by the said company, on such terms as
shall be approved of by the competent officer
or authority, and to receive such compensation
so agreed for according to the terms of such
contract.
Sec. 7. That unless thesaid company shall
commence the construction of said road within
two years, and complete the same, with at
least one set of tracks, within four years from
the passage of this act, then this act and all
rights and privileges hereby granted shall cease
and determine. And the Congress of the
United States shall have authority at any time
hereafter to grant similar privileges as are here-
in granted to any other company incorporated
or to be incorporated by the State of Mary-
land, or by Congress, or to euaet such rules
and regulations prescribing the speed, of ears
passing over said road, and any other matters .
relating (hereto, necessary for the security of
the persons and property of the inhabitants
of the District of Columbia, in such manner
as the present or anjifuture Congress may deem
expedient: 1'romded, That Congress shall have
power to alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Approved, January 22, 1873.
Chap. XLVJI.—An Act to change the Name
of the Pleasure Yacht Kllie, of Boston, Mas-
sachusetts.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That authority is hereby
given to the owner of the schooner Ellie, a
pleasure yacht of the port of Boston, State of
Massachusetts, to change the name of said ves-
sel to that of Falcon, by which said pleasure-
yacht shall be hereafter known and registered.
Approved, January 22, 1873.
Chap. XLV1IL— An Act regulating the Com-
£ensation of the Members and Officers of the
legislative Assemblies of the several Terri-
tories of the United States, and limiting the
duration of the sessions of said Assemblies.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sessions of the
Legislative Assemblies of the severalTerritories
of the United States shall be limited to forty
days' duration.
Seo. 2. That the members of each branch
of said Legislatures shall receive a compensa-
tion of six dollars per day during the sessions
