1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
569
very well that no such purpose was in the
mind of the Senator from Vermont. I think
his error, if error it was, was in giving too much
importance to the representations of persons
who consider themselves, as I think most erro-
neously, better qualified to administer this
important fund than the State authorities.
Why, sir, to whom are these trustees, these col-
lege boards throughout t"ie country responsible
for maladministration ? Who is to call them
to account ? In some States they have a col-
lege board which may do that; but in many
States I imagine there is no direct power
which can be brought to bear upon them.
It seems to me in every point of view, both
for the sake of the bill and for the sake of
the principle embodied in the amendment of
the Senator from Maryland, it ought to be
adopted.
Before I take my seat I may be allowed to
make one further remark. I understood the
Senator from Vermont to say that he had
shown this bill to all the members from the
land States, and that they had all approved
it. I regard California as one of the land
States, and I feel it due to myself to say that
the Senator from Vermont, I think, must
have omitted to consider California as one
of the land States when he made his remark.
Although the Senator was kind enough to
speak to me about this bill, and I listened to
him with the respect and consideration which
I feel to be due him always, I did not under-
stand that I committed myself to the support
of his bill in any way whatever.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I did not
include the Senator from California.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am as much in favor
of the diffusion of education in all the depart-
ments of human knowledge as anybody can
be ; but I must confess to feeling very serious
doubts in the general direction of those so
well expressed by the Senator from Minnesota
who last spoke [Mr. Windom] as to whether
this grant will not prove to be totally inade-
quate to the purposes of it. I am seriously
apprehensive that not only will further aid be
asked, though to that I should not make so
much objection if the aid were granted in the
proper way, but that the means now given
will be frittered away without having any-
thing to show for it at the end of eight or ten
ybars.
Why, sir, do Senators generally know what
has been the extent of the bounty of Congress,
of the aid given by Congress to the cause of
education in the United States? I find in the
Land Office report of 1869 an authentic state-
ment that the total amount of land granted
down to that date was very nearly seventy-
nine million acres, of which nine and a half
millions were covered by the agricultural and
mechanical college grant of 1862; and this
bill adds nearly twenty million acres to that
large amount, making within a few hundred
thousand acres of one hundred million acres.
I do not stand here to complain of that grant,
but what I very much doubt is whether the
cause of education has reaped any advantage
from that beneficent and magnificent grant by
Congress at all in proportion to the dimensions
and character of the grant.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Maryland.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 38; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Carpenter, Casserly, Cole,
Davis, Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston, Kelly,
Lewis, Machen, Norwood, Pratt, Ransom, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman,
Tipton, and Vickers—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bore-
man, Buokingham, Cameron, Chandler, Conkling,
Corbett, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock,
Howe, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye, Patterson, Ramsey, Robertson, Sawyer,
Scott, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Trumbull, West,
Wilson, Windom, and Wright—38.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Clayton, Cooper, Cragin, Goldthwaite, Hamlin,
Iiellogg, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Rice,
Schurz, and Sumner—16.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. VICKERS. I offer the following
amendment, to strike out of the fourth section
from the word "provided" down to the word
" aforesaid," as follows:
Provided, That if it shall at any time be made to
appear to the Secretary of the Interior by unequivo-
cal evidence that any State or Territory has not in
good faith substantially complied with the provis-
ions of the act named in the first section of this act
as to the uses, objects, and purposes therein con-
templated, he shall at once duly notify the Treas-
' urer of the United States, who shall thereafter
withhold the payment of any interest which may
have accrued or accrue to any college or colleges in
such State or Territory until such time as the said
Secretary of the Interior shall be satisfied as to the
compliance with the provisions of said act, and shall
so notify the Treasurer aforesaid.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Provided, That if any State or the trustees of any
such college shall not in good faith substantially
comply with the provisions of the act named in the
first section of this act as to the uses, objects, and
purposes therein contemplated. Congress may arrest
the payment of any interest which may have accrued
to any such college until the provisions of the said
; act shall be complied with.
J Mr. President, the bill as reported from the
! committee gives to the Secretary of the Interior
! the absolute right t.o withhold funds from these
j institutions if he shall think that the provisions
j of the original act and of this act have not been
complied with. My amendment is, that if the
Congress of the United States shall be satisfied
that the money has been misapplied, or that
, the intention of Congress has not been carried
out, Congress shall have power to withhold
the payment of the money. The bill as re-
ported by the committee says that if the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall have unequivocal
evidence that any State has not in good faith
substantially complied with the provisions of
the act named in the first section of this act,
the Secretary of the Interior may withhold
the funds. The Senate has voted that the
funds shall be paid to the managers and trus-
tees and not to the State, and yet this section
says if the State shall not faithfully carry out
the provisions of the act, then the interest
may be withheld from the institution. It
seems to me, with all due deference, rather an
absurdity to hold a State responsible for the
application of the money when you do not
suffer the State to have any control over the
i institution, but make the money payable to
the managers and the trustees.
Sir, I would not give to any one man power
to withhold such a large sum of money from
an institution of this sort, but I would vest it
in the Congress of the United States. They
vote the money, they endow the colleges ; the
public lands they hold as trustees for the
people; and it is Congress that should have
the power and reserve the right to withhold
the application of this money if the act is not
faithfully carried out. Now, my amendment
is that if the State and the trustees together
shall not faithfully carry out the provisions of
the original act and of this act, then Congress
may withhold the payment of the money. I
think that Congress should retain this power
and not give it to any one man. I would not
suffer the ipse dixit of any one man to control
so large a sum of money as this, or allow his
opinion to prevent the application of the public
funds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I know the
Senate will appreciate my reluctance to ap-
pearing again on this question, and but for my
confidence in the good faith of the Senator
from Maryland I should not say a single word
in relation to the amendment proposed by
him.
I am perhaps least wedded to any peculiar
phraseology of my own in relation to this mat-
ter, of any member of the Senate, and would
be very glad to defer to the better judgment of
older and, at any rate, better Senators than
myself; but I do conceive that the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Maryland is not
so desirable as the original text of the bill.
The original text of the bill provides "that if
it shall at any time be made to appear to the
Secretary of the Interior by unequivocal evi-
dence that any State or Territory has not in
good faith substantially complied with the pro-
visions," then the money shall be withheld.
Now, if any State does not complywe ought
not to await the slow progress of legislation by
I Congress, but shut down at once and say that
; such a State shall not have the money. Can
we not trust the Secretary of the Interior?
j Will any one suppose that he, from prejudice
I or from evidence that is not unequivocal, will
take the responsibility of the action of with-
holding from any State the amount that she
j may be entitled to? It seems to me that
i it would be absurd.
Then, again, the Senator from Maryland
comments upon this being made to apply to a
State instead of the particular college. Why,
are not the States entirely responsible for
these institutions? Are they not created and
managed by the men selected by the State?
What the State does by its agents it does by
itself. If these agents, these trustees, do not
faithfully perform their duties, it will be in the
power of the States to enlarge the number, to
change them, or to do whatever they please.
I do not think it is necessary to argue the
question further.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish the Senator from
Vermont, before he sat down, had showed us
in what way the board of a college can be
treated as the agents of the State. He has
not even provided that these colleges shall be
incorporated, if I rememDer the language of
his bill. In what way, then, is a private board
of a college to be treated as the agents of the
State ? It seems to me perfectly palpable that
the Senator is entirely in error in supposing
that of necessity the trustees of a college,
merely because that college is a beneficiary
under this bill, are to be regarded as the agents
of the State. Sir, you have no power to force
agents on a State without the action of the
State. You have no power to make the State
responsible for money over which you have
never given her any control. Surely the Con-
stitution must be good for that much if it is
not good for any more.
I am amazed at the refusal of the majority
in this body to embody in this bill the cardinal
feature of the law of 1862, the work of their
own hands, the work of the political majority
in Congress of that day. What is the design
of that refusal ? The Senator from Vermont
said he wanted to take it out of politics. Does
he know of one State of whicn that implied
reproach of his is true, which has been false
enough to itself, false enough to the course of
education, to use the fund provided by the
law of 1862 in a party sense or for partisan
uses ? The States have done some pretty bad
things in their administration of government,
just as the United States have done many bad
things in their administration of government;
but I am happy to think that it cannot be said
with truth of any single State in this Union
that it has attempted to administer its col-
legiate institutions in the interest of a party.
But, sir, in order to take this question out
of party politics the bill takes it from the State
and reposes it here in Washington. Is it
possible that the only government in the
whole Uuited States that is entirely free from,
above, and beyond all low, paltry, narrow,
partisan politics, is the Government at Wash-
ington ? Why, sir, what have we seen for the
last three or four years ? We have seen the
excesses of partisanship in politics carried
further than anything we have before known
in the history of this country. Does any man
seriously believe, will the Senator from Ver-
mont deliberately contend, that there is any
greater liability in the State of Massachusetts,
