1534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
United States should never have yielded to
Missouri her two per cent, fund, as was done
in 1859. Why? Because Congress long after
1820 had applied the two per cent, fund of
Missouri as well as of the other States in
making the National road to that State. The
compact was to devote the proceeds of the two
per cent, fund in making roads or canals leading
to the State of Missouri, but they were not to
enter that State. Now, I insist that that com-
pact was complied with whenever any money
was spent in Maryland, in Virginia, in Penn
sylvania, or in Ohio, just as much as the com
pact was complied with in the ease of Illinois
and of Indiana, because the moneys were
applied in building a road leading to that
State, and there was no stipulation that the
road was to enter the State. So Missouri
stood upon the same footing precisely with
Illinois and with Indiana, and she was no
more entitled to have her two per cent, fund
returned to her than were these other States.
If Indiana is to be charged with the three
millions which have been spent in Virginia,
Maryland, and Pennsylvania, so ought Mis-
souri to be charged. Why should she not be?
Is not this a part of the Cumberland road that
is charged up to the two per cent, fund of
these States? Certainly. So it has been
claimed upon this floor. Well, if it is to be
charged up against Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
why should it not be charged up against Mis-
souri, since it is the same road leading to that
State that leads to these other three States ?
There is another point in this connectiou to
which I desire to call the attention of the
Senate, and that is this: the compact with
Ohio provides in express terms that the road
is to be built not only to the State, but it is to
be built through it. The road could not be
built through the State of phio without being
built to the State of Indiana. In building the
road through Ohio you touch the east line of
the State of Indiana; and here is the enabling
act under which Ohio was admitted into the
Union which proves this proposition. It pro-
vides in express terms that the road is to
extend not only to the State, but it is to extend
" through it."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator be good
enough to read the clause which shows that we
were to build a road through it?
Mr. PRATT. To read the clause that pro-
vides a road shall be built through Ohio?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; that Congress
undertakes to build a road through, or only
undertakes to apply five per cent, of the sales
of the lands to that purpose.
Mr. PRATT. Ah 1 I was not talking about
the construction to be put upon the word
_i( made." That was not the point I was talk-
ing about. I will read the statute to the Sen-
ator ;
"That one twentieth part of the net proceeds of
lands lying within the said State sold by Congress
irom and after the 30th day of June next, after
deducting all expenses incident to the same, shall
be applied to the laying out and making public
roads leading from the navigable waters emptying
into the Atlantic, to the Ohio, to the said State, and
through the same, such roads to be laid out under
the authority of Congress, with the consent of the
several States through which the road shall pass,"
In the enabling act under which Indiana
came into the Umou it is provided—
That five per cent, of the net proceeds of the
!nS Jylnf . w'thin the said Territory, and which
shall be sold by Congress from and after the 1st day
of December next, after deducting all expenses
incident to the same, shall be reserved for making
public roads and canals, of which three fifths shall
be applied to those objects within the said State under
the direction of the Legislature thereof, and two
fifths to the making of a road leading to the said
ntare, under the direction of Congress."
^ Here is a stipulation to do nothing but what
Congress had already agreed to do in her com-
pact with Ohio in the year 1802. Indiana for
her concession got nothing, absolutely nothing,
for the compact was still alive and in full
vigor which required the making of the road
through Ohio to the Indiana State line.
But, sir, I will not detain the Senate longer
than simply to say, by way of summing up,
that this bill should pass.
1. Because it simply construes and revives
a statute plain enough, but which has not been
executed on. account of a scruple about its
meaning, while I think it is as clear as the
shining sun what was- the intention of Con-
gress.
2. Because it is clear Congress never
intended to charge these States with the ex-
penditures on the road; if it had intended to
do it, it would have said so in the act of 1857.
8. Because the work was a national one,
and should have been a common charge on
the Treasury. It was just as much national
as is the Ohio river and the Mississippi river,
upon which we are expending thousands and
hundreds of thousands of dollars every year
for the improvement of their navigation.
4. Because this road has been surrendered
to the States and converted into toll-roads.
I will relieve the mind of my friend from
Vermont directly when I get through, by
showing him the statutes to which I have
referred, and which prove this.
5. Because, as the law stands now, there
is an odious discrimination made in the case
of Missouri. She has got her two per cent,
fund, and she has no more claim to it than
these other three States.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (at four o'clock p. m.)
I see that there are about eighteen Senators
present, and I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. PRATT. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 7, nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Carpenter, Frelinghuy-
sen, Hamilton of Maryland. Hitchcock, Lewis, and
Robertson—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Buckingham,
Cas^erly, Claytori, Cole, Conkling, Cooper, Corbett,
Ci-agin. Davis, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Connec-
ticut, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Hamlin, Har-
lan, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Machen, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pool, Pratt, Rice, Saw-
yer, Sehurz, Sherman, Sprague, Thurman, Tipton,
Trumbull, Vickers, Wilson, and Wmdom—39.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Brown-
low, Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Gilbert, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Howe, Morrill of
Maine, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Ransom, Saulsbury, Scott, Spencer. Ste-
venson, Stewart. Stockton, Sumner, West, and
Wright—27.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. VICKERS. It is not my purpose, Mr.
President, to discuss this bill; but I rise to re-
fer to some remarks made by the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Chandler] with reference to
the allegation that compound interest has been
paid to my State for its expenditures in the war
of 1812. The twelfth section of the act of
March S, 1857, under which Maryland's interest
account was finally settled reads as follows:
" That the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury be, and they are hereby, authorized and directed
to reexamine the account between the United States
and the State of Maryland, as the same was, from time
to time, adjusted under the act passed on the 13th
May, 1826, entitled 'An act authorizing the payment
ot interest duo to the State of Maryland,' and on
such reexamination to assume the sums expended
by the State of Maryland, for the use and benefitof
the United States, and the sums refunded and repaid
by the United States to the said State, and the times
of such payments as being correctly stated in the
account as the same has heretofore been passed
at the Treasury Department; but in the calculation
of interests due under the acts aforesaid, thefollow-
lng rules shall be observed, to wit: interest shall
be calculated up to the time of any payment made,
io this interest the payment shall be first applied,
and if it exceed the interest due, the balance shall
be applied to diminish the principal; if the pay-
ment fall short of interest, the balance of interest
snail not be added to the principal so as to produce
interest. Second, interestshall be allowed the State
of Maryland on such sums only on which the said
btate either paid interest or lost interest by the
transfer of an interest-bearing fund."
The Senator is entirely mistaken in suppos-
itig that that bill provided for the payment of
compound interest. If a man owes a bond
of $1,000, bearing interest, and it runs for
five years without any payment, and then a
payment be made, a portion of that payment
is first to be applied to the extinguishment of
the interest, and the balance of the payment
to the credit of the principal. That, I sup-
pose, is the mode in which every bond or
every debt is settled which bears interest,
whenever a payment is made. In my own
State, sixty-odd years ago, the supreme court
of that State decided that that was the legal
mode of calculating interest, and the interest
in my State has always been calculated in that
manner. The payment is first applied to the
extinguishment of the interest, and the bal-
ance of the payment goes to the credit of the
principal; but that is not compound interest.
If a man owes principal and is in arrears with
his'interest, and a payment is made, it is but
just that the interest should be paid first and
then the principal. I suppose that is the
practice everywhere ; it is the uniform prac-
tice in my State. That is not compound in-
terest. Compound interest is to add interest
upon interest, making your interest principal,
and not paying your interest first and then
applying the balance to the principal.
So my State stands fair in this matter. She
has received not one dollar above what an indi-
vidual would have received under such circum-
stances. The payments made to the State of
Maryland are credited as made. The interest
is calculated down to the time of payment,
then the payment is deducted, interest on the
balauce is carried forward, then the next pay-
ment is deducted and interest on the balance,
and so on until principal and interest are both
extinguished.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, it is just
perhaps a little discouraging to a young man
to attempt to devote himself to the discussion
of a question which, perhaps, in a large degree,
is already decided. It is perhaps a little dis-
couraging here always when such an event
occurs, which I hope is rather rare, that before
even the report of a committee is read, either
majority or minority, Senators have been com-
mitted to vote for or against a measure. And
so perhaps on this occasion it is a little dis-
couraging to attempt to convince men who have
promised to vote in a certain way, such pro-
mises being made outside of the Chamber and
upon private solicitation of parties interested,
making ex parte statements, or of counsel paid,
or of lobbyists having a contingent interest in
the question. It unhappily happens, as our
Government is constituted, that it is very rare
that there is any lobbying against a measure;
it is always for the affirmative side that what
we call lobbying exists, and I do not mention
it in any invidious or injurious sense. I am
not criticising anybody, I beg all Senators to
understand; but it is, perhaps, as I say, a
little unfortunate that all these means of get-
ting a thing done are applied before the respons-
ible committee of the body have had an oppor-
tunity to investigate a question upon both sides,
and to hear both sides, and to report upon it.
When I have seen the proceeding on this
bill I have felt a little as if it were possible
that these remarks might apply to this case ;
and being so much discouraged by that feeling,
of course you must excuse me, Mr. President,
for being still more discouraged by being
unable to make myself heard.
Now, I wish, before I forget it, to devote
myself to an entirely collateral matter that
ought not to have any influence either way
upon the decision of this question, and that is
the speech of my honorable friend from In-
diana, [Mr. Pratt,] the chief burden of whose
song, whose dirge I should rather say, has
been to show the base ingratitude of this
nation toward the State of Indiana m having
given it a few million dollars in public lauds,
in public improvements, &c., and in not giving
it more. He has fortified his grief by telling
us that we have set up toll gates upon this
National road, and that we, like the robbers
of the Rhine valley, whereof the novelists tell
