m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
herein provided for, and they shall receive
such mileage as now provided by law: Pro-
vided, That the president of the council and
the speaker of the house of representatives
shall each reccive a compensation of ten dol-
lars per day, and that the additional officers of
each branch of said Legislative Assemblies shall
consist of one chief clerk, who shall receive a
compensation of eight dollars per day, and of
one assistant clerk, one enrolling clerk, one
engrossing clerk, one sergeant-at-arms, one
doorkeeper, one messenger, and one watch-
man, who shall each receive a compensation
of five dollars per day during the sessions.
Sec. 3. That from and after the first day of
July, eighteen hundred and seventy-three, the
annual salaries of the Governors of the several
Territories of the United States shall be three
thousand five hundred dollars, and the salaries
of the secretaries of said Territories shall be
two thousand five hundred dollars each.
Sec. 4. That the provisions of this act shall
not apply to the District of Columbia: Pro-
vided, That no law of any territorial Legisla-
ture shall be made or enforced by which any
officer of a Territory herein provided for, or
the officers or members of any territorial Legis-
lature shall be paid any compensation other
than that provided by the laws of the United
States.
Approved, January 23, 1873.
Chap. LI.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to incorporate a National Military
and Naval Asylum for the Relief of the
totally disabled Officers and Men of the
Volunteer Forces of the United States,"
. approved March twenty-one, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the said act be so
amended that wherever the word "asylum"
occurs therein, the word "home" shall be
inserted instead thereof.
Sec. 2. That the act approved March twenty-
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,
entitled "An act for the relief of maimed and
destitute soldiers," shall be construed to ex-
tend to all soldiers who have been, or are, in
the national asylum, so as to give to each one
a suit of clothing, or its equivalent in clothing,
from the stock on hand in the quartermaster's
department; and that Frederick Smythe, of
New Hampshire, Benjamin F. Butler, of Mas-
sachusetts, and Thomas 0. Osborn, of Illinois,
shall be managers of said corporation.
Approved, January 23, 1873.
Chap. XLIX.—An Act establishing Post
Routes in the State of Maine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following be
established as post roads :
Maine: From Bast Baldwin, via North Bald-
win, Sebago, and South Bridgeton, to Bridge-
ton. From Gray Depot to Gray Corner, in the
county of Cumberland.
Approved, January 23, 1873.
Sec. 3. That whenever the location of said
bank shall have been changed from the city
of Newnan to the city of Atlanta, in accord-
ance with the first section of this act, its name
shall be changed to the National Bank of
Commerce, if the board of directors of said
bank shall accept the new name by resolution
of the board, and cause a copy of such resolu-
tion, duly authenticated, to be filed with the
Comptroller of the Currency. '
Sec. 4. That all the debts, demands, liabili-
ties, rights, privileges, and powers of the First
National Bank of Newnan shall devolve upon
and inure to the National Bank of Commerce
whenever such change of name is effected.
Sec. 5. That this act shall take effect and
be in force from and after its passage.
Approved,.January 23, 1873.
Chap. L.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to amend the fifth section of an
Act entitled 'An Act donating Public Lands
to the several States and Territories which
may provide Colleges for the benefit of Agri-
culture aud the Mechanic Arts,' approved
July second, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, so as to extend the" time within which
the provisions of said Act shall be accepted
and such Colleges established," approved
July twenty-third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the time within
which the several States may comply with the
provisions of the act of July twenty-third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, entitled ^ An
act to amend the fifth section of an act entitled
'An act donating public lands to the several
States and Territories which may provide col-
leges for the benefit of agriculture and the
mechanic arts,' approved July second, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two, so as to extend
the time within which the provisions ot said
act shall be accepted and such colleges estab-
lished," is hereby extended so that the States
which have not complied with the provisions
of said acts in establishing colleges shall have
the period of two years, after the first day ot
July, eighteen hundred and seventy-two, within
which to provide at least one college, as_ de-
scribed in the fourth section of an act entitled
"An act donating public lands to the several
States and Territories which may provide col-
leges for tixe benefit of agriculture and ^he
mechanic arts," approved July second, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-two.
Approved, January 23, 1873.
Chap. LII.—An Act authorizing the removal
of Restrictions upon the Alienation of cer-
tain Miami Indian Lands in the State of
Kansas.
' Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Legislature of
the State of Kansas is hereby authorized to
remove the restrictions against the liability to
leases, alienation, levy, sale, execution, taxa-
tion, and forfeiture of lands in said State,
patented under and in pursuance of the second
article of the treaty of June fifth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, between the Miami
Indians and the United States, in all cases in
which the title has legally passed to citizens
of the United States other than Indians. And
Congress hereby assents to the removal of said
restrictions as provided by the joint resolution
of Kansas, approved March _ first, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, subject to the pro-
visions of this act.
Approved, January 23, 1873.
Chap. LIV.—An Act authorizing the Secretary
of War to contract for the construction ot
a light-draught Snag-boat to ply on the Mis-
sissippi, Missouri, and Arkansas Rivers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep -
resentativesofthe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be, and is hereby, authorized to contract
for the construction of a light- draughty snag-
boat to ply on the Mississippi, Missouri, and
Arkansas rivers: Provided, That said contract
shall not require more than twenty-five thou-
sand dollars over and above the amount avail-
able for such purpose, to be taken from the
next appropriation made for the improvement
of said rivers.
Approved, January 23, 1873.
Chap. LXII.—An Act to abolish the Grades
of Admiral and Vice Admiral in the Navy
of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep -
resentatives of the United States of America ut
Congress assembled, That vacancies occurring
in the grades of Admiral and Vice Admiral, in
the Navy of the United States, .shall not. be
filled by promotion, or in any other manner
whatever; and that when the offices of said
grades shall become vacant, the grade itself
shall cease to exist.
Approved, January 24, 1873.
Chap. LIII.—An Act authorizing the First
National Bank of Newnan to change its
Location and Name.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America m
Congress assembled, That the First National
Bank of Newnan, now located in the city of
Newnan and State of Georgia, is hereby
authorized to change its location to the city ol
Atlanta, in said State. Whenever the stock-
holders, representing three fourths of the
capital of said bank, at a meeting called for
that purpose, determine to make such change,
the president and cashier shall execute a cer-
tificate under the corporate seal of the bank,
specifying such determination, and shall cause
the same to be recorded in the office of the
Comptroller of the Currency, and thereupon
such change of location shall be effected and
the operations of discount and deposit of said
bank shall be carried on in the city of Atlanta.
Sec. 2. That nothing in this act contained
shall be so construed as in any manner to
release-the said bank from any liability or affect
any action or proceeding in law in which the
said bank may be a party or interested. And
when such change shall have been determined
upon as aforesaid, notice thereof and of such
change shall be published in one daily paper
in the county of Fulton for not less than six
days, and in one weekly paper in the county of
Coweta, in said State, once.
Chap. LXIIL—-An Act transferring the con-
trol of certain Territorial Penitentiaries to
the several Territories in which the same are
located.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of the act
entitled "An act in relation to certain terri-
torial penitentiaries," approved January tenth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, placing the
penitentiaries in the Territories of Montana,
Idaho, Wyoming, and Colorado, under the
care and control of the respective United
States marshals for said Territories, is hereby
repealed, and the care and custody of said
penitentiaries, and the personal property there-
unto belonging, and the use and occupation
thereof, are hereby transferred to said Terri-
tories respectively, until otherwise ordered by
the Attorney General: Provided, That the
legal title to said penitentiaries and property
shall continue to vest in the United States:
And provided further. That-said Territories
shall keep and maintain, in the penitentiaries
hereby transferred to their custody and con-
trol, all persons convicted in said respective
Territories of violations of the laws of the
United States, and sentenced to imprisonment
therefor, and all persons held to answer for
alleged violations of the laws of the United
States in said respective Territories, at the rate
and price, to be paid by the United States out
