1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1535
us, have built our castle upon some great high-
way of the nation and have levied contribu-
tions upon every honest citizen of the United
States who either came or went over it.
Mr. PRATT. If my friend will allow me
to interrupt him at this point, I can give him
a reference to that statute he was so desirous
of having. I could not leave the Chamber,
and sent after the statute-book at the time,
but i have a reference to it here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I yield to my friend with
pleasure.
Mr. PRATT. On the 24th of June, 1834,
$'200,000 was appropriated to continue the
road in Ohio, $150,000 in Indiana, and $100,-
000 in Illinois. At the same time $300,000
was appropriated for the road east of the Ohio
river in order to carry out the compacts made
with Maryland,. Virginia, and Pennsylvania,
to which States the road had then been sur-
rendered. You will find in that act a reference
to the other statutes surrendering the road.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am much obliged to
my friend, only by dint of the help of the
pages, &c., I had already got the statutes.
We got the Indiana statute because my triend
referred to it, and we found that Indiana had
not been forced to set up toll gates. But we
will come to Ohio ; it was the first toll-gate
statute that I have been able to find. It was
approved March 2, 1831. and I beg Senators
to understand that this claim is now put by
its latest aud I really believe its most candid
orator and advocate on the ground that we
have wronged these States in putting a re-
straint upon the passage over this National
road, this two per cent., or five per cent., or
fifty per cent, road, by exacting tolls. Ohio,
the first and greatest complainant, that mag-
nificent State, slumbers—I should not say
slumbers, for her eyes are always wide open ;
she sees the magnificent structure at the west
end of the town that contains the Treasury of
the nation all the time, and she protects it I
have no doubt—that magnificent State of Ohio
that slumbers with her eyes wide open, in the
great valley of the Mississippi, has been op-
pressed by Congress and robbed and badgered
and bullied by our setting up toll gates on this
two per cent, road! Well, I suppose she has.
Let us see.
On the 4th day of February, 1831, before
Congress had placed any toll-gates upon this
great national highway, the Legislature of
Ohio having sovereign power and being sup-
posed to represent her people, as her Senators
here now are supposed to represent them,
passed an act herself, which is recited in the
statutes of the United States, by which Ohio
declared—
"That whenever the consent of the Congress of
the United States to this act shall have been ob-
tained, the Governor of the State of Ohio shall be
authorized to take under his care m behalt ot the
State so much of the road,, commonly called the
national road, within the limits of this State, as
shall then be finished, and also such other sections
or part thereof as may thereafter be progressively
finished within the limits aforesaid, -whenever the
same shall be completed; and he shall be, and is
hereby authorized to cause gates and toll-houses to
be erectedon said road at such finished parts thereof
as he shall think proper, for the purpose of col-
lecting toll, as provided in the fourth section of this
act: Provided. That the number of gates aforesaid
shall not exceed one on any space or distance ol
twenty miles."
I wish I had time to read that act clear
through ; but as these States do not this year
claim interest they will next, because if they
are entitled to anything, I do not see why they
are not entitled to interest—they are being
kept out of interest while this debate goes on-
otherwise I would read the whole statute.
That act of the Legislature of Ohio com-
manded her Governor, the representative ot
her people and of her interests, to ask Con-
gress to give up that road to her after we had
built it, not only out of the two per cent., not
only out of the three per cent, that we gave to
her to aid in its building, but also out of the
common Treasury of the nation—to ask the rep-
resentative's of the people of the whole United
States to give the road up to her in order that
she might for her own interest establish toll-
gates and collect tolls thereon; and the Con-
gress of the United States, yielding to the
demand-of this State, consented that she might
take and establish tolls in her own way. Now
the Senator from Indiana, her advocate, turns
around to us and says, " Because you suffered
Ohio to do as she pleased with this road, you
shall pay her the penalty of having granted her
a demand of that character!"
Mr. President, I am not often accustomed
to repeat what I say in debate; but if I were
to repeat it I should say that it adds a climax
to what I said yesterday, that audacity was the
chief characteristic and only merit of this
claim. Here it is said by the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana, candidly and fairly, I have
no doubt, and sincerely, that we have wronged
Ohio because we have granted her permission
to exercise her free will, and now we are to
pay her for it. Well, Mr. President, that re-
minds me of what the Scripture says—I do
not quote literally—that if a man meets you in
the highway and demands your cloak, the next
best thing to be done is to give him your coat
at the same time. Ohio demanded that the
nation should give up to her in order that she
might tax the Atlantic, in order that she might
tax the Mississippi valley west of her, this
road which the Treasury of the nation had
built; and now she turns around to us after
forty years and says " having got this road
that you built, having made profit" for ought
I know " out of levying tolls upon it, give us
the money that you have already spent in
building it, because you ought not to have
allowed us to levy this contribution upon the
people of the United States 1"
Mr. President, a joke could not go further
upon that point. No ingenuity of man can
contrive a thing which to my mind—I am un-
doubtedly mistaken because as I say I suppose
it has been settled beforehand—which should
more shock the sense of justice of the repre-
sentatives of the people of this nation than
that. Were we under any obligation to give
up the road to her? Were we under any obli-
gation to allow her to impose taxes upon the
people who traveled it? Not at all ; nobody
pretends that; but because she demanded it,
the Congress of the United States sinking all
that it had put into it said " take it; take what
you like; do as you please with it; we have
expended five times the money we promised
todouponit; takeit." Now she turns around
at the end of thirty years and says " because
vou did give it to us at our request, because
you gave us sovereign dominion over it, now
pay us over again the moneys that you ex-
pended in building it because you have per-
mitted us to take tolls upon it!" That is the
argument of the Senator from Indiana, and as
I say it is as good a one as any that has been
delivered upon this subject and I say it in all
sincerity, it is as good a one as any that we
have had.
But I will pass that, because if we pay com-
mon respect to each other as to sensibility and
common sense it is not a subject that, after
such a statute as that is read, needs to be dis-
cussed. Let us go to another point., because,
as I say, I wish to be brief, for interest is de-
layed on this bill as there is no provision in it
for interest; we shall have that next year.
The Senator from Ohio says that Congress
undertook to build this as a complete national
road, and that it undertook it as a part of the
compact between these States, for he does not
stand upon the notion of the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Mortox] that the general cir-
cumstanees of the case implied such an ob]i-
gation ; but it was part df the compact that we
had undertaken to build this road in excess of
the two per cent., and that that was a mere
bagatelle ; and he says it was so understood by
the people and the Representatives of those
States at the time when the transactions were
going on. Now letus see whether it was or not.
I have taken the pains to look into the pro-
ceedings of Congress in connection with vari-
ous acts appropriating money for the carrying
on of this public work, and I find exactly the
reverse of what the Senator from Ohio states
as to the understanding at that time, and I
find by a perfectly continuous and a perfectly
unanimous statement in debates'and in appro-
priations that just so long as it was possible
to imagine that the proceeds of the sales of
these lands, including the three per cent, given
to the States for the same purpose and the
two per cent, to be expended by Congress,
could be applicable to that subject with a view
to finishing it, the people of all these States
and their Representatives declare in Congress
in the debates and in the reports of commit-
tees, that it was only the two per cent, with the
three per cent, making the five that was to be
devoted to this work, and there was no sug-
gestion even that there was any national duty
for national purposes beyond this two per
cent, and the three per cent, on the part of
Congress until we had expended in advance
the money we could realize from the sales
of these lands, some millions of dollars.
Then when all the money was gone, when
we had expended the two per cent, and
doubled it and trebled it, and there was no
more possibility of raising money to carry on
that work under the compact with the States,
then the people of these States turned around
by their Representatives and said not that we
owed them anything ; they did not say that,
not that we owed them any duty whatever
under the compact; they did not say that; but
they said "the nation requires, the East as
well as the West, requires that this great road
should be completed ; you have fulfilled your
obligation to us, but you have not yet fulfilled
your obligation which is constant and per-
ipetual to the whole people of the nation, au'd
you must complete this road just as you build
ports upon the Atlantic, just as_ you build
light-houses upon the Atlantic and the Gulf,
just as you appropriate money to remove
snags and sand bars from the Mississippi, and
from the lakes, in order that the people of all
this nation may have a free intercourse of com-
merce and of trade."
That is what I assert, without the fear of
contradiction from the documents, and I havs
them here, (and perhaps it will be my duty to
refer to them although it takes time,) was the
history of this affair instead of its being, as
my friend from Ohio imagines (because he
finds it necessary to prop a weak cause by
something) must have been the case. Let me
refer to one or two instances.
I have here the Abridgment of the Debates
in Congress by Thomas H. Benton, of Mis-
souri. On Saturday, the 23d of March, 1810,
when this work was in the full progress of its
carrying on, when the money to be realized
from the sales of these lands was yet coming
in, and when, as I have said, all parties looked
upon this as merely a matter that the United
States were carrying on because by the com-
pact they had agreed to spend so much money
toward such a purpose, a report was made
upon it, and in that report, made by Mr. .Tack-
son in the House of Representatives, there is
this clause, which covers the whole subject
upon which I am at this moment speaking:
"In regard to the sceond branch of the inquiry,
namelj?, the amount of appropriation proper to be
made at the present session, it appears to the com-
mittee that although tile fund chargeable with the
reimbursement of expenditures has been antici-
pated, it is growing more productive every year,
and will be eventually adequate to defray tho ex-
penses of completing the road.''
And upon that statement the committee
recommend that Congress appropriate, as 1
believe it did appropriate in that year, the sum
of $300,000; not that the nation had under-
taken any duty other than that stated in the
enabling acts forming these States, not that
the subject of internal improvement as a na-
tional matter was the cause for this appropria-
