1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
cuit court of the United States in and for the
eastern district of Missouri as of the return-
day .thereof.
The third section provides that either of said
United States circuit courts in and for the
eastern and western districts of Missouri may
order any suit, cause, or other matter pending
therein, to be transferred for trial or determ-
ination to the other of said circuit courts,
wheu, in the opinion of the court, the transfer
ought to be made; and that the court to
which the transfer is made shall have as full
authority and jurisdiction over the same from
the date the certified transcript of the record
thereof is filed as if the same had been origin-
ally pending therein.
The fourth section provides that the clerk
of the circuit court in and for the eastern dis-
trict of Missouri, and his successors in office,
shall have the custody of all records, books,
papers, and property belonging or in any wise
appertaining to the circuit court of the United
States in and for the districts of Missouri; and
as such custodians and the successors of the
clerk of said last-named court, they are vested
with the same powers and authority with re-
spect thereto as the clerk thereof had during
the existence of said last-named circuit court.
The circuit court of the United States in and
for the eastern district of Missouri is made the
successor of the circuit court of the United
States in and for the districts of Missouri as
to all suits, causes, and unfinished business
therein or in any wise pertaining thereto.
The fifth section provides that hereafter
there shall be two regular stated terms each
year of the district court of the United States
in and for the eastern district of Missouri,
commencing on the first Mondays, respect-
ively, of May and November; and no action,
suit, proceeding, or process in said court shall
abate or be rendered invalid by reason of this
act; but all of the same not previously dis-
posed of or otherwise provided for by special
order of said court shall be deemed returnable
to, pending, and triable at the next term of
said district court established by this act which
may be held after this act takes effect; pro-
vided, however, that nothing in this act con-
tained shall be construed to repeal the powers
heretofore granted for ordering special or ad-
journed terms of said court, or the powers and
duties of the judge of said court in vacation
and at chambers. And the salary of the judge
of said district court shall be the same as is
now by law fixed for the district judge of the
district of Illinois.
The sixth section provides that pursuant to
an order to that effect, entered of record in
term time, one of the terms of the circuit
court in and for the western district of Mis-
souri may be held regularly, or by adjourn-
ment, each year at Kansas City or St. Joseph,
if, in the opinion of the court or judges thereof,
the public convenience will be thereby pro-
moted ; provided, however, that the expense
to the United States for rooms shall not exceed
the sum of $300 per year.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
passage of the bill ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will not ob-
ject if it will not cause debate.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. It will not give rise
to debate at all.
Mr. BINGHAM. If it does I will call the
previous question.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third lime ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ASENATH STEPHENSON.
Mr. MOORE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported
a bill (H. R. No. 3484) granting a pension to
Asenath Stephenson; which was read a first
and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to the restric-
tions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Asenath Stephenson, the dependent
mother of Leroy Stephenson, late a private in
company G, sixty-first Illinois volunteers, and
pay her a pension from the date of the pass-
age of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LOWE. I now insist upon the regular
order of business.
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, I move that
the House re&olve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on the
special order.
The SPEAKER. Before the Chair submits
the question upon the motion to suspend the
rules and go into the Committee of the Whole
on the special order, the pending appropria-
i tion bill, as there was no opportunity afforded
! yesterday after the regular call of States for
the introduction of bills for reference for
gentlemen who were not present when their
States were called to introduce bills, the
Chair will now allow such bills to be received
and referred.
PLATTSBURG, NEW YORK.
Mr. ROGERS, of New York, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3486) to
amend an act entitled "An act authorizing
the Secretary of War to release twenty-four
acres of the land of the United States at
Plattsburg, New York, to the New York and
Canada Railroad Company, and for other pur-
poses;" which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
CATHARINE FERRY.
Mr. ELY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3486) granting a
pension to Catharine Ferry, which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
I and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
INDEMNITY.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3487) to secure in-
demnity to the United States in certain cases ;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
i to be printed, and referred to the Committee
! of Claims.
! ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE,
j Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3488) to amend an
act entitled "An act to further the administra-
tion of justice, and for other purposes which
i was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
! the Judiciary.
PORTAGE LAKE AND LAKE SUPERIOR CANAL.
Mr. POTTER also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3489) extending
the time for tbe completion of the Portage
Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal; which
was read a first and second tiuie, ordered to
be printed, and' referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
REFUNDING DUTIES.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3490) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to refund cer-
tain duties erroneously collected; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
NEWARK RUBBER COMPANY.
Mr. HALSEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 3491) for the relief
of the Newark Rubber Manufacturing Com-
pany ; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee of Claims,
REORGANIZATION OF INDIAN TERRITORY.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, by unanimous
consent, presented a memorial of the national
commercial convention, at St. Louis, Missouri,
on the subject of the reorganization of the In-
dian territory; which was ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on the Terri
tories.
ALCOHOL.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
3492) to remit the import and excise duties
upon alcohol used by universities and colleges
for scientific purposes only ; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
ARMY OFFICERS ON LEAVE.
Mr. WALLACE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 8493) to regulate
the salary and allowances iq kind of commis-
sioned officers of the Army when absent with
leave; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
ATCHISON, TOPEKA, AND SANTE FE RAILROAD.
Mr. TWICHELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 3494) granting
the right of way to the Atchison, Topeka, and
Sante F6 Railroad Company ; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
MINERVA TILLY. •
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 3495) for the relief of
Minerva Tilly, of Chapel Hill, North Caro-
lina, widow of Durell Tilly, deceased ; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
ARCATA, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Illinois. I ask consent
to report from the Committee on the Public
Lands, for consideration at this time, House
bill No. 3325, for the relief of the inhabitants
of the town of Areata, in Humboldt county,
California. It has the unanimous support and
approval of the committee, and I hold in my
hand a letter from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office recommending the pass-
age of this bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which objection to its present consider-
ation will be in order.
The bill recites in the preamble that the town
of Areata, in Humboldt county, California, was
allowed to enter three hundred and twenty acres
of land for the use and benefit of the inhabitants
of the town, under the act of Congress of May
23, 1844, and the town applied to enter the
southeast quarter of the southwest quarter of
section twenty-nine, township six north, range
one east, Humboldt meridian, in addition to
the three hundred and twenty acres, for the
use and benefit of the inhabitants of the town,
under the act of March 2, 1867 ; that the Sec-
retary of the Interior refused to allow the
town to enter the additional forty acres of land
because the town had already perfected it3
claim for three hundred and twenty acres;
and that the town would have been entitled to
enter three hundred and sixty acres of land
under the last-named act.
