1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
573
sion of that Congress, we determined not to
embarrass our appropriation bills with any
extraneous or independent legislation which
might defeat or delay their passage, and we
did not.
The Army appropriation bill passed the
House on the 18th of February, and was sent
to the Senate free from all outside or objec-
tionable legislation, simply an appropriation
bill. On the 24th of February the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary of the Senate made their
report (No. 375, third session Forty-First
Congress) as to the right of the Government
to demand the repayment of interest now
from the companies, and as to the right of the
Secretary to withhold more than one half of
the compensation due for services performed
for the Government. The following extract
from the close of it will show how distinct and
emphatic their conclusions were:
" It is evident from the statutes themselves that
the company is not bound to make any payment in
money ou account of these bonds, except the five
per cent of net proceeds, until the maturity of said
bonds, thirty years from their date. And it is
equally evident from the debates in both Houses of
Congress when these acts were passed that it was
the intention of Congress so to frame them as to
accomplish such result.
"Therefore, in response to the resolutions of the
Senate, it must be answered :
" 1. That the companies are not lawfully bound to
reimburse the Government any interest paid by the
Government on these bonds until the maturity of
the principal of said bonds, except that one half of
the compensation for services for the Government
may be retained by the Government, and five per
cent, of the net proceeds of the roads must also be
annually applied to the payments of said bonds and
interest thereon: and
" 2. That the Secretary of the Treasury has no
right to withhold from the company more than
one half of the compensation due the company for
services performed for the Government.
"The second of the above answers is a mere oorol-
lary from the first. But whether the first be correct
or incorrect, whether or not the company is bound
now to pay to the Government the interest it has
paid on these bonds, nevertheless the Secretary of
the Treasury cannot violate an express statute to
enforce payment. The statute declares in so many
words that ' only one half of the compensation for
services rendered for the Government by said com-
panies shall be required to be applied to the pay-
ment of the bonds issued by the Government in aid
of the construction of said roads.' It would be bold
dealing with the statute to say that the Secretary of
the Treasury may require what an act of Congress
says shall not be required."
On the 28th of February the section which
is now complained of as having been wrong-
fully and secretly, if not surreptitiously passed,
was offered in the Senate. It was ably and
elaborately discussed; the debate covers twelve
pages, or nearly thirty-four colnmns of the Con-
gressional Globe, which members obtain at
least two copies of every day ; it was passed on
that day on a call of the yeas and nays by a
vote of 36 to 18; the bill containing it was
sent to the House of Representatives on the
morning of March 2. A conference committee
was appointed ; the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Randall] moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table when the committee
was appointed.
Mr. RAN DALL. I wish to explain what the
fact was in regard to that. I moved to lay on
the table the motion to reconsider the motion
to non concur. My object was to defeat the
proposition.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. The only motion
made by the gentleman was, as the Globe
shows, when the committee of conference was
appointed on the motion of Judge Dickey.
He moved to reconsider that vote, and lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir.
Mr. BECK, of Keutucky. The Speaker
Appointed as managers on the part of the
House, as by parliamentary usage and evident
propriety he was bound to do, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey,] the mem-
ber of the Committee on Appropriations who
had charge of the bill; General Logan, of
Illinois, then chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, to which the bill related,
and myself, the gentleman from Indiana,
[Judge Niblack,] the only other Democratic
member of the Committee on Appropriations,
being then on a conference committee on
the legislative, executive, and judicial appro-
priation bill, about which we were having a
good deal of trouble. I believe the present
Speaker has always made it a rule to haVe one
member of the minority of the committee
from which the bill came on conference com-
mittees ; therefore I was selected.
We met the managers on the part of the
Senate ; we protested against the legislation
they had inserted into the bill. They insisted
on retaining it. We had the debate in the
Senate and the report of their Judiciary Com-
mittee before us; we saw that a failure to
agree involved the defeat of a necessary ap-
propriation bill, as the last day of the exist-
ence of that Congress had arrived. There-
fore, we obtained all the modifications we
could; we virtually substituted a House bill
which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
man] had been largely instrumental in per-
fecting in lieu of a very objectionable amend-
ment which the Senate had added to the bill
on the subject of southern claims for quarter-
master and other stores and supplies taken or
furnished. We added, or substituted for what
the Senate had done to the ninth section, the
proviso—
" That this section shall not be construed to affect
the legal rights of the Government or the obliga-
tions of the companies, except as herein specifically
provided."
So that the Government could sue the com-
panies for all interest in arrears, or take any
other steps to compel payment wholly unem-
barrassed by the provision in the section
which only provided that—
" The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed
to pay over in money to the Pacific railroad com-
panies mentioned in said act, and performing ser-
vices for the United States, one half of the compen-
sation at the rate provided by law for such services
heretofore or hereafter rendered."
The act of 1864 having provided as follows:
"That only one half of the compensation for
services rendered for the Government by said com-
panies shall be required to be applied to the pay-
ment of the bonds issued by the Government in aid
of the construction of said roads."
When we were compelled to concede that
the Senate under its rules had the right,
when providing for the payment of Army
transportation, to insert such a provision with
such a law to sustain it, when their Judiciary
Committee had made such a report as they
had, and when the amendments had been
passed by a vote of 36 to 18, such lawyers
as Judge Trumbull, of Illinois, and Judge
Thurman, of Ohio, sustaining it, it was not
easy to see how we could refuse, as the
House had not acted on it, to agree to lay
the subject before it for its consideration. We
thought it to be our duty to do so, and after
stipulation with our chairman [Mr. Dickey]
that an opportunity should be allowed to ex-
plain why we signed the report it was agreed
to, and reported to the two Houses, not at a
late hour of the night, as has been suggested,
but in less than an hour after the evening ses-
sion of March 3 "began, as the Globe shows.
When it was presented to the House the
Globe shows as follows relative to the part I
took in the matter :
" The Speakeb. The question is on the adoption
of the report of the committee of conference.
" Mr. Bscs. I understood that the gentleman in
charge of this bill, before it was passed upon, would
give us a chance to explain our votes.
" Mr. Dickey. If they desire to do so, certainly.
I will yield first to the gentleman from Illinois, and
then to the gentleman from Kentucky.
" Mr. Jones, of Kentucky. To what extent is the
debate limited ?
" The Speaker. The hour rule applies the^same
as to anything else. .
" Mr. Logan. Mr. Speaker, all I desire to say in
accordance with the agreement is in reference to
the suggestion of the gentleman from New York.
I was opposed to putting on new matter in a con-
ference committee.
" Mr. Dickky. We all were.
" Mr. Logan. That is true in reference to the
committee ot conference.
"Mr. Dickey. I now yield five minutes to my
colleague on the committee of conference, the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
" Mr. Beck. Mr. Speaker, the only reason I in-
sisted on being heard for a few moments is that I
signed this report with great reluctance, and only
because I knew that the Army bill had to be passed
in some form before we can adjourn; and it was be-
yond the power of the conferees on the part of the
House to strike out the legislation which the Senate
has inserted into it and seemed determined to ad-
here to. I therefore desire to call attention to the
prominent items of new legislation and the House
can do what it thinks best with it.
"When the Army bill left the House it contained
no legislation, nothing beyond the provisions for the
ordinary expenses of the Army ; so that the House
is not responsible for the extraneous matter now
in it.
" I oppose, and have always opposed, new legisla-
tion in appropriation bills; but the Senate saw fit
to insert it, and all we could do in committee was
to make their legislation as little objectionable as
possible. As to the section relating to southern
claims"—
Which I proceeded to explain fully, being
the same with some modifications as that
j which had been adopted by the House the day
I before, when presented by Mr. Washburn,
of Massachusetts, and the gentlemen from In-
diana, [Mr. Holman.] The proposition, I
stated, was a great improvement on the Senate
bill in that regard. I then continued :
"Another very serious and objectionable piece of
legislation which the Senate has inserted into this
bill is that which decides that under the fifth sec-
tion of the act of 1864, the United States has only the
right to retain one half of the compensation for ser-
vices rendered for the Government by the Union and
Central Pacific railroads, although these roads have
failed to meet the interest on the bonds issued to
them by the Government. Still, as the Senate has
done it, and its conferees were determined to adhere
to it, and as the report of the Judiciary Committee
of the Senate seemed to compel them to adhere, I
did not see, in the face of that report, what we could
do under the law except to sign the report, as we
have, and submit the bill with the Senate amend-
ments to the House for its action. I have no time to
explain these matters in the fivo minutes allowed
me, and the House must do what they please with
the report."
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I hope the House
will allow me a few moments more. Five
i minutes will suffice.
! The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection
; to the extending of the time of the gentleman
from Kentucky ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In order to save
the rule, if the Chair will recognize me, I will
yield my five minutes to the gentleman from
Kentucky.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair recognizes
the gentleman.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And I yield my
time to the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I am much obliged
to the gentleman, and I again refer to the pro-
ceedings of the House on that occasion. I
read from the Globe :
"Mr. Holm an. I ask that the amendments of
the Senate be read.
"Mr. Dickey. Let us have a vote.
" Mr. Holman. I ask that the amendments made
by the Senate may beread, with the exception of the
ones immediately under consideration.
"Mr. Dickey. I will state to the gentleman from
Indiana that except the two amendments that
have been read the other amendments of tho Sen-
ate have the effect to reduce the appropriations
$70,000."
Attention was called to these amendments
distinctly by me, and by the reading of the
report of the committee of conference. I
said to my colleague on the committee, from
Ohio, Mr. Lawrence, who sat near me, "are
you going to object to'these amendments; if
so why do not you do it?" He did not say a
word. No man called for a division and no
man objected, and it is too late now for any-
body to intimate that there was anything
surreptitious in the action of the committe.
Why was not a division called for ? The report
of the debate in the Senate upon this amend-
ment, covering thirty-four columns of the
Globe, had been printed and laid upon the
tables of members three days before. Ifthere
was any wrong done, why did not some gen-
tleman, when we met on the 4th of March, say
that something surreptitious had been done
