1538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
with, and that we now adjourn. That, of course,
will give an hour's debate on this bill to-morrow.
"Mr. Platt. We. all consent to that.
'"The Speaker pro tempore, (Mr. Poland.) That
requires unanimous consent.
"No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly; and the House (at twelve o'clock
midnight) thereupon adjourned."
Now, I raise the point of order that I did
make objection so loud that it was heard by
many members on this side of the House.
Having made that objection, my point of order
is that the bill pending at the time of adjourn-
ment last night cannot come properly before
the House at this time.
The SPEAKER. That is a question of fact.
Mr. MERRIAM. I appeal to members of
the House here to support my statement.
Mr. PORTER, i distinctly heard the gen-
tleman make his objection.
Mr. MERRIAM. So did Mr. Ambler, of
Ohio, hear me.
Mr. L. MYERS. The Speaker pro tempore
asked over and over again if there was objec-
tion, and none was made.
Mr. PLATT. Having been present last
evening and deeply interested in the proceed-
ings, and very anxious that some arrange-
ment might be made by which the House
could adjourn and yet the rights of the parties
interested in the bill before the House might
be protected, 1 desire to say a word upon the
Soint of order raised by the gentleman from
ew York, [Mr. Merriam.]
A proposition was submitted by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. L. Myers] that
the previous question be considered as ordered
on the pending bill, and that thereupon the
House should adjourn. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] raised an ob-
jection to the term " considered as ordered,"
and said that he would consent to the propo-
sition provided the understanding was that
the previous question was ordered.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland]
was then occupying the chair as Speaker pro
tempore. He submitted the proposition of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania,[Mr. L. Myers,]
and repeatedly asked if there was objection to
it. The Speaker pro tempore then used the
expression ''The Chair hears no objection;"
after which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Merriam] did say " I object." But as
I was down near the front and heard every
word that was said, 1 assert that he did not
object, until after the Speaker pro tempore had
made use of the expression u The Chair hears
no objection." I think all the members who
were then here will bear me out in that state-
ment.
Mr. AMBLER. I was not near the gentle-
men who objected. But objection was made,
both before and after the announcement by
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland]
"The Chair hears no objection"—before it
both by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Barber,] now in my eye, and the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Merriam,] and after
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Mer-
mam.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York moves a correction of the Journal.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, 1 wish to
say one word in defense of the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] who occupied the
chair at the time alluded to. If my memory
serves me, and it is corroborated by those
around me, the gentleman who occupied the
chair waited deliberately for a few moments
and then he announced, " The Chair hears
no objection and the proposition is agreed to."
That is the substance of what occurred.
Mr. GETZ. Yes, sir, he gave the fairest
opportunity to the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I never saw more fairness
exhibited by a Speaker in mv life.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman from Vermont who occupied the
chair temporarily.
Mr. POLAND. I do not understand a cor-
rection of the Journal can be made this way.
Mr. BANKS. I hope gentlemen will be
seated.
Mr. POLAND. By direction of the Speaker
I occupied the chair during the latter part of
the evening session, and when this proposition
was made for unanimous consent it was put
to the House.
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope we will have order
in the House, so the gentleman from Vermont
can be heard.
Mr. POLAND. Objection was called for to
this proposition for unanimous consent, and I
did hear an objection made; but after a mo-
ment's delay and an attempt to get something
like order in the House, I again called for objec-
tion and did not hear any. In the forum which
I have been much more accustomed to than
this the judge's notes always rule. I under-
stand here the Speaker's hearing controls, and
that it is not competent to correct the Journal
because somebody may say they made an
objection unless they made it so it was heard.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. I desire to say
I was near the front during these proceedings,
listening with a great deal of interest, and I did
not hear a single word of objection until after
the adjournment, and there was no noise or
confusion in the House which would have pre-
vented me from hearing.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I wish to say a
word, and that is this: after the Speaker had
waited longer than I thought was proper for
objection there was no objection made the last
time, for if there had been the House never
would have adjourned. Gentlemen know from
two hours' experience, while we remained here,
had it not been understood the proposition was
consented to there would have been no adjourn-
ment. What was done was done quietly.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to a question of order.
I understand from the reading of the Journal
that the proceedings in question were held
with closed doors.
The SPEAKER. That was so.
Mr. BANKS. Then I make the point of
order that while the doors were closed no vote
could be taken on any legislative question what-
ever. If the Chair sustains that point of order
it will avoid the present difficulty.
The SPEAKER. That point can be raised
further along, after the bill comes up. The
Chair always regrets any point of order of
this kind being made, for from some years of
experience he knows the disposition on the
part of the occupant of the chair always is to
recognize an objection, but that sometimes by
failure to hear injustice may be done. The
Chair is quite well assured the gentleman from
Vermont, who occupied the chair temporarily,
could not have done otherwise than carry out
what he believed to be the unanimous consent
of the House. He would suggest to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Merriam] the
point of order for the correction of the Jour-
nal which would raise merely the differing
recollections of members should be with-
drawn.
Mr. MERRIAM. I will withdraw after the
gentleman from Massachusetts makes his state-
ment.
Mr. TWICHELL. Mr. Speaker, occupy-
ing last evening the position I now do when
the motion was made that the previous ques-
tion be considered ordered, the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Barber] and the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Merriam,] both of
them, objected, and they continued to object.
And when the Chair adjourned the House I
went immediately to the Speaker pro tempore
and informed him of those facts before he left
the chair.
The SPEAKER. That may all very well
consist with the Chair not hearing the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Merriam] making
his objection, as stated by himself and others.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] raises a point of order, based on the
record on the Journal, which the Chair holds in
his hand, and which he will read. It is as
follows:
" The roll having been called, the following named
members failed to answer to their names:"
Which number of members on the record as
absent was one hundred and forty-one.
"The doors were then closed, and excuses were
offered and received for the non-attendance of the
following named members:"
Then follow the names of several gentlemen.
The Journal then proceeds:
"On motion of Mr. L. Myers, by unanimous
consent,
" Ordered, That all further proceedings under the
call be dispensed with, that the previous question
shall be considered as seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered upon the bill of the House (H. E. 3So.
2354) to provide for the recomputation of the ac-
counts between the United States and the_ several
States growing out of moneys expended by said States
in the war of 1812."
Now, it was obviously impossible under the
rules to do that. Here was the demonstrated,
recorded fact that one hundred and forty gen-
tlemen, more than one half the whole number
of members, were absent from the Hall. The
doors were closed. There is no presumption
possible by which the presence of a quorum
conld be inferred. And the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Basks] raises an appro-
priate point of order, that it is impossible the
House could perform a legislative act, under
the rules, in the absence of a quorum. Aside
from the obvious propriety of the matter, the
rule is very distinct upon that point. It is not
in order for the House even to take a recess
during a call of the House ; and indeed no
motion, except to adjourn, or with reference
to the call, is ever entertained during a call.
It was no more competent for the hundred
gentlemen in the Hall to give their assent to
the previous question than it was for them to
pass an appropriation bill, or do anything else
of a legislative character. Therefore the Chair
would rule on the point made by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts that the bill, on which
the previous question was ordered merely by
a minority of the House, is not before the
House.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Is it not in order
to-da"y to move that the rules be suspended
and that the bill be put upon its passage ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I make that
motion.
Mr. BANKS. I would suggest to the Chair
that I made the point also that the doors were
closed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair included that.
The gentleman from Massachusetts desires that
it shall be entered upon the Journal that the
doors were closed, because the fact of the doors
being closed shuts out all possible presumption
of the presence of a quorum. A quorum is
often inferred, and indeed the House often does
business by a quorum being inferred. But a
quorum cannot be inferred when the Journal
itself shows that a quorum could not have been
present. This is not a correction of the Jour-
nal, because the Journal states correctly what
was done; but the facts stated in the Journal
show that action on the bill could not be taken
by the House.
Mr. POLAND. It is but just to myself
that, with the permission of the Chair, I
should say a word.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark
that he did not intend the slightest reflection
upon the gentleman who was kind enough to
relieve him of his duties last night.
M. POLAND. I desire to say this, that the
same proposition was made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. L. Myers] at an early
period of the evening; and after several votes
had disclosed that there was not a quorum
present, the same proposition was repeatedly
made and repeatedly entertained by the Chair.
And the final ruling was that after the llousf:
