1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
239
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
the annual trial of coins, the number for gold
coins being not less than one piece for each
one thousand pieces or any fractional part of
one thousand pieces delivered ; and for silver
coins one piece for each two thousand pieces or
any fractional part of two thousand pieces de-
livered. The pieces so taken shall be carefully
sealed up in an envelope, properly labeled,
stating the date of the delivery, the number
and denomination of the* pieces inclosed, and
the amount of the delivery from which they
were taken. These sealed parcels containing
the1 reserved pieces shall be deposited in a pyx,
designated for the purpose at each mint, which
shall be kept under the joint care of the super-
intendent and assayer, and be so secured that
neither can have accSss'to its contents without
the presence of the other, and the reserved
pieces in their sealed envelopes from the coin-
age of each mint shall be transmitted quarterly
to the Mint at Philadelphia. A record shall
also be kept at the same time of the number
and denomination of the pieces so taken for
the annual trial of coins, and of the number
and denomination of the pieces represented by
them and so delivered, a copy of which record
shall be transmitted quarterly to the Director
of the Mint. Other pieces may, at any time,
be taken for such tests as the Director of the
Mint shall prescribe.
Sec. 41. That the coiner shall, from time to
time, deliver to the superintendent the clippings
and other portions of bullion remaining after
the process of coining; and the superintendent
shall receipt for the same and keep a careful
record of their weight and character.
Sec. 42. That the superintendent shall debit
the coiner with the amount in weight of stand-
ard metal of all the bullion placed in his hands,
and credit him with the amount in weight of all
the coins, clippings, and other bullion returned
by him to the superintendent. Once at least
in every year, and at such time as the Director
of the Mint shall appoint, there shall be an
accurate and full settlement of the accounts
of the coiner, and the melter and refiner, at
which time the said officers shall deliver up to
the superintendent all the coins, clippings, and
other bullion in their possession, respectively,
accompanied by statements of all the bullion
delivered to them since the last annual settle-
ment, and all the bullion returned by them
during the same period, including the amount
returned for the purpose of settlement.
Sec. 43. That when all the coins, clippings,
and other bullion have been delivered to the
superintendent, it shall be his duty to examine
■ the accounts and statements rendered by the
coiner and the melter and refiner, and the
difference between the amount charged and
credited to each officer shall be allowed as
• necessary wastage, if the superintendent shall
be satisfied that there has been a bona fide
waste of the precious metals, and if the amount
shall not exceed, in the case of the melter and
■ refiner, one thousandth of the whole amount
of gold, and one and one half thousandth of
the whole amount of silver delivered to him
since the last annual settlement, and in the
case of the coiner, one thousandth of the whole
amount of silver, and one half thousandth of
the whole amount of gold that has been de-
livered to him by the superintendent; and all
copper used in the alloy of gold and silver bul-
lion shall be separately charged to the melter
and refiner, and accounted for by him.
Sec. 44. That it shall also be the duty of the
superintendent to forward a correct statement
of his balance-sheet, at the close of such set-
tlement, to the Director of the Mint, who shall
compare the total amount of gold and silver
bullion and coin on hand with the total liabil-
ities of the Mint. At the same time a state-
ment of the ordinary expense account, and the
moneys therein, shall also be made by the
superintendent.
Sec. 45. That when the coins or bars which
are the equivalent to any deposit of bullion are
ready for delivery, they shall be paid to the
depositor, or his order, by the superintendent;
and the payments shall be made, if demanded,
in the order iu which the bullion shall have
been brought to the mint; but in cases where
there is delay iu manipulating a refractory de-
posit, or for any other unavoidable cause, the
payment of subsequent deposits, the value of
which is known, shall not be delayed thereby ;
and in the denominations of coin delivered, the
superintendent shall comply with the wishes
of the'depositor, except when impracticable or
inconvenient to do so.
Sec. 46. That unparted bullion may be ex-
changed at any of the mints for fine bars, on
such terms and conditions as may be prescribed
by the Director of the Mint, with the approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury; and the
fineness, weight, and value of the bullion re-
ceived and given in exchange shall in all cases
be determined by the Mint assay. The charge
to the depositor for refining or parting shall
not exceed that allowed and deducted for the
same operation iu the exchange of unrefined for
refined bullion.
Sec. 47. That for the purpose of enabling
the mints and the assay office in New York to
make returns to depositors with as little delay
as possible, it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of the Treasury to keep in the said mints and
assay office, when the state of the Treasury will
admit thereof, such an amount of public money,
or bullion procured for the purpose, as he shall
judge convenient and necessary, out of which
those who bring bullion to the said mints and
assay office may be paid the value thereof, in
coin or bars, as soon as practicable after the
value has been ascertained; and on payment
thereof being made, the bullion so deposited
shall become the property of the United States;
but the Secretary of the Treasury may-at any
time withdraw the fund, or any portion thereof.
Sec. 48. That to secure a due conformity in
the gold and silver coins to their respective
standards of fineness and weight, the judge
of the district court of the United States for
the eastern district of Pennsylvania, the Comp-
troller of the Currency, the assayer of the
assay office at New York, and such other per-
sons as the President shall, from time to time,
designate, shall meet as assay commissioners,,
at the Mint in Philadelphia, to examine and
test, in the presence of the Director of the
Mint, the fineness and weight of the coins
reserved by the several mints for this purpose,
on the second Wednesday in February, annu-
ally, and may continue their meetings by
adjournment, if necessary; if a majority of
the commissioners shall fail to attend at any
time appointed for their meeting, the Director
of the Mint shall call a meeting of the com-
missioners at such other time as he may deem
convenient; and if it shall appear by such
examination and test that these coins do not
differ from the Standard fineness and weight
by a greater quantity than is allowed by law,
th£ trial shall be considered and reported as
satisfactory ; but if any greater deviation from
the legal standard or weight shall appear, this
fact shall be certified to the President of the
United States; and if, on a view of the cir-
cumstances of the case, he shall so decide, the
officer or officers implicated in the error shall
be thenceforward disqualified from holding
their respective offices.
Sec. 49. That for the purpose of securing
a due conformity in weight of the coins of the
United States to the provisions of this act, the
brass troy pound weight procured by the min-
ister of the United States at London, in the
year eighteen hundred and twenty-seven, for
the use of the Mint, and now in the custody
of the Mint at Philadelphia, shall "be the
standard troy pound of the Mint of the United
States, conformably to which the coinage
thereof shall be regulated.
Sec. 50. That it shall be the duty of the
Director of the Mint to procure for each Mint
and assay office, to be kept safely thereat, a
series of standard weights corresponding to
the aforesaid troy pound, consisting of a one-
pound weight and the requisite subdivisions
and multiples thereof, from the hundredth part
of a grain to twenty-five pounds; and the troy
weights ordinarily employed in the transac-
tions of such mints and assay offices shall be
regulated according to the above standards at
least once in every year, under the inspection
of the superintendent and assayer; and thfe
accuracy of those used at the Mint at Phila-
delphia shall be tested annually, in the pres-
ence of the assay commissioners, at the time
of the annual examination and test of coins.
Seo. 51. That the obverse working dies at
each mint shall, at the end of each calendar
year, be defaced and destroyed by the coiner
in the presence of the superintendent and
assayer.
Sec. 62. That dies of a national character
may bo executed by the engraver, and national
and other medals struck by the coiner of the
Mint at Philadelphia, under such regulations
as the superintendent, with the approval of
the Director of the Mint, may prescribe : Pro-
vided, That such work shall not interfere with
the regular coinage operations, and that no
private medal dies shall be prepared at said
Mint, or the machinery or apparatus thereof
be used for that purpose.
Sec. 53. That the moneys arising from all
charges and deductions on and from gold and
silver bullion and the manufacture of medals,
and from all other sources, except as herein-
before provided, shall, from time to time, be
covered into the Treasury of the United States,
and no part of such deductions or. medal
charges, or profit on silver or minor coinage,
shall be expended in salaries or wages; but
all expenditures of the mints and assay offices,
not herein otherwise provided for, shall be
paid from appropriations made, by law on
estimates furnished by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Sec. 54. That the officers of the United
States assay office at New York shall bo a
superintendent, an assayer, and a melter and
refiner, who shall be appointed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate. The business of said assay office
shall be in all respects similar to that of the
mints, exccpt that bars only, and not coin,
shall be manufactured therein ; and no metals
shall be purchased for minor coinage. All
bullion intended by the depositor to be con-
verted into coins of the United States, and
silver bullion purchased for coinage, when as-
sayed, parted, and refined, and its net value
certified, shall be transferred to the Mint at
Philadelphia, under such directions as shall be
made by the Secretary of the Treasury, at the
expense of the contingent fund of the Mint,
and shall be there coined, and the proceeds
returned to the assay office. And the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized to
make the necessary arrangements for the ad-
justment of the accounts upon such transfers
between the respective offices.
Sec. 55. That the duties of the superintend-
ent, assayer, and melter and refiner of said
office shall correspond to those of superintend-
ents, assayers, and melters and refiners of
mints; and all parts of this act relating to
mints and their officers, the d uties and responsi-
bilities of" such officers, and others employed
therein, the oath to be taken, and the bonds
and sureties to be given by them, (as far as
the same may be applicable,) shall extend to
the assay office at New York, and t6 its offi-
cers, assistants, clerks, workmen, and others
employed therein.
