,240
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 12,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Sec. 56. That there shall be allowed to the
officers of the assay office at New York city
the following salaries per annum: to the
superintendent, four thousand five hundred
dollars ; to the assayer, and to the melter and
refiner, each, three thousand dollars ; and the
salaries of assistants and clerks, and wages to
workmen, and their manner of appointment,
shall be determined and regulated as herein
directed in regard to mints.
Sec. 57. That the business of the branch
mint at Denver, while conducted as an assay
office, and of the assay office at Boise City,
Idaho, and all other assay offices hereafter to
be established, shall be confined to the receipt
of gold and silver bullion, for melting and
assaying, to be returned to depositors of the
same, in bars, with the weight and fineness
stamped thereou; and the officers of assay
offices, when their services are necessary, shall
consist of an assayer, who shall have charge
thereof, and a melter, to be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate ; and the assayer may employ as
many clerkB, workmen, and laborers, under
the direction of the Director of the Mint, as
may be provided for by law. The salaries of
said officers shall not exceed the sum of two
thousand five hundred dollars to the assayer
and melter, one thousand eight hundred dol-
lars each to the clerks, and the workmen and
laborers Bhall receive such wages as are custo-
mary, according to their respective stations
and occupations.
Sec. 68. That each officer and clerk bo be
appointed at such assay offices, before enter-
ing upon the execution of his office, shall take
an oath or affirmation before some judge of the
United States, or of the Supreme Court, as pre-
scribed }jy the act of July second, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, and each become
bound to the United States of America, with
one or more sureties, to the satisfaction of the
Director of the Mint or of one of the judges of
the supreme court of the State or Territory in
which the same may be located, and of the
Secretary of the Treasury, conditioned for
the faithful performance of the duties of their
offices; and the said aseayers shall discharge
the duties of disbursing agents for the payment
of the expenses of their respective assay offices.
Sec. 59. That the general direction of the
business of assay offices of the United States
shall be under the control and regulation of
the Director of the Mint, subject to the appro-
bation of the Secretary of the Treasury; and
for that purpose it shall be the duty of the said
Director to prescribe such regulations and to
require such returns, periodically and occa-
sionally, and to establish such charges for melt-
ing, parting, assaying, and stamping bullion as
shall appear to him to be necessary for the
purpose of carrying into effect the. intention
of this act.
Sec. 60. That all the provisions of this act
for the regulation of the mints of the United
States, and for the government of the officers
and persons employed therein, and for the
punishment of all offenses connected with t.he
mints or coinage of the United States, shall be,
and they are hereby declared to be, in full
force in relation to the assay offices, as far as
the same may be applicable thereto.
Sec. 61. That if any person or persons shall
falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or
procure to be falsely made, forged, or counter-
feited, or willingly aid or assist in falsely mak;
ing, forging, or counterfeiting any coin or bars
in resemblance or similitude of the gold or
silver coins or bars, which have been, or here-
after may be. coined or stamped at the mints
and assay offices of the U aited States, or in
resemblance or similitude of any foreign gold
or silver coin which by law is, or hereafter may
be made, current in the United States, or are
in actual use and circulation as money within
the United States, or shall pass, utter, publish,
or Bell, or attempt to pass, utter, publish, or
sell, or bring into the United States from any
foreign place, or have in his possession, any
such false, forged, or counterfeited coin or
bars, knowing the same to be false, forged, or
counterfeited, every person so offending shall
be deemed guilty of felony, and shall, on con-
viction thereof, be punished by fine not ex-
ceeding five thousand dollars, and by impris-
onment and confinement at hard labor not
exceeding ten years, according to the aggra-
vation of the offense.
Sec. 62. That if any person or person^ shall
falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or
procure to be falsely made, forged, or coun-
terfeited, or willingly aid or assist in falsely
making, forging, or counterfeiting, any coin in
the resemblance or similitude of any of the
minor coinage which has been, or hereafter
may be, coined at the mints of the United
States; or shall pass, utter, publish, or sell,
or bring into the United States from any for-
eign place, or have in his possession any such
false, forged, or counterfeited coin, with in-
tent to defraud any body politic or corporation,
or any person or persons whatsoever, every
person so offending shall be deemed guilty of
felony, and shall, on conviction thereof, be
punished by fine not exceeding one thousand
dollars and by imprisonment and confinement
at hard labor not exceeding three years.
Sec. 63. That if any person shall fraudu-
lently, by any art, way, or means whatsoever,
deface, mutilate, impair, diminish, falsify,
scale, or lighten the gold or silver coins which
have been, or which shall hereafter be, coined
at the mints of the United States, or any for-
eign gold or silver coins which are by law made
current, or are in actual use and circulation as
money within the United States, every person
so offending shall be deemed guilty of a high
misdemeanor, and shall be imprisoned not
exceeding two years, and fined not exceeding
two thousand dollars.
Seo. 64. That if any of the gold or silver
coins which shall be struck or coined at any
of the mints of the United States shall be
debased, or made worse as to the proportion
of fine gold or fine silver therein contained; or
shall be of less weight or value than the same
ought to be, pursuant to the several acta rela-
tive thereto; or if any of the weights used at
any of the mints or assay offices of the United
States shall be defaced, increased, or dimin-
ished through the fault or connivance of any
of the officers or persons who shall be em-
ployed at the said mints or asBay offices, with
a fraudulent intent; and if any of the said offi-
cers or persons shall embezzle any of the met-
■als which shall at any time be committed to
their charge for the purpose of being coined,
or any of the coins which shall be struck or
coined at the said mints, or any medals, coins,
or other moneys of said mints or assay offices
at any time committed to their charge,'or of
which they may have assumed the charge, every
such officer or person who shall commit any
or either of the said offenses shall be deemed
guilty of felony, and shall be imprisoned at
hard labor for a term not less than one year
nor more than ten years, and shall be fined in
a sum not exceeding ten thousand dollars.
Sec. 65. That this act shall take effect on
the first day of April, eighteen hundred and
seventy-three, when the offices of the treasurer
of the mints in Philadelphia, San Francisco,
and New Orleans shall be vacated, and the
Assistant Treasurer at New York shall cease to
perform the duties of treasurer of the assay
office. The other officers and employes of
the mints and assay offices now appointed shall
continue to hold their respective offices, they
having first ^iven the necessary bonds, until
farther appointments may be required, the
Director of the Mint at Philadelphia being
styled and acting as superintendent thereof.
The duties of the treasurers shall devolve as
herein provided upon the superintendents, and
said treasurers shall act, only as Assistant Treas-
urers of the United States: Provided, That
the salaries heretofore paid to.the treasurers of
the mints at Philadelphia, San Francisco, and
New Orleans, acting as Assistant Treasurers,
shall hereafter be paid to them as "Assistant
Treasurers of the United States," and that the
salary of the Assistant Treasurer at New York
shall not be diminished by the vacation of his
office as treasurer of the assay office.
Seo. 66. That the different mints and assay
offices authorized by this act shall be known as
" the Mint of the United States at Philadel-
phia," "the mint of the United States at
San Francisco," "the mint of the United
States at Carson," "the mint of the United
States at Denver," "the United States assay
office at New York," and " the United States
assay office at Boise City, Idaho," " the United
States assay office at Charlotte, North Caro-
lina;" and all unexpended appropriations
heretofore authorized by law for the use of the
Mint of the United States at Philadelphia, the
branch mint of the United States in California,
the branch mint of the United States at Den-
ver, the United States assay office in New
York, the United States assay office at Char-
lotte, North Carolina, and the United States
assay office at Boise City, Idaho, are hereby
authorized to be transferred for the account
and use of the institutions established and
located respectively at the places designated
by this act.
Seo. 67. That this act shall be known as the
" coinage act of eighteen hundred and seventy-
three;'.' and all other acts and parts of wets
pertaining to the mints, assay offices, and
coinage of the United States inconsistent with
the provisions of this act are hereby repealed:
Provided, That this act shall not be construed
to affect any act done, right accrued, or penalty
incurred, under former acts, but every such
right is hereby saved; and all suits and prose-
cutions for acts already done in violation of
any former act or acts of Congress relating .to
the subjects embraced in this act may be begun
or proceeded with in like, manner as if this act
had not been passed; and all penal clauses
and provisions in existing laws relating to the
subjects embraced in this act shall be deemed
applicable thereto: And provided further, That
so much of the first section of "An act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, and for other
purposes," approved July fifteen, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy, as provides that until after
the completion and occupation of the branch-
mint building in San Francisco, it shall be
lawful to exchange, at any mint or branch
mint of the United States, unrefined or unparted
bullion, whenever, in the opinion of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, it can be done with
advantage to the Government, is hereby re-
pealed.
Approved, February 12, 1873.
Chap. CXXXII.—An Act for a Public Building
at Atlanta, Georgia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, aud he is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause to be constructed a suitable
brick building, with a fire-proof vault extend-
ing to each story, at Atlanta, Georgia, for the
accommodation of the United States circuit and
district courts, post office, and other Govern-
ment offices; and the sum of one hundred and
ten thousand dollars is hereby appropriated for
the purpose aforesaid, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated; and the
