1540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
calculated and the partial payments applied.
Here then, sir, was a recognition of two
things: fftst. the validity of these claims of
the States; secondly, the propriety and justice
of the payment of interest.
But when the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury came to make the calculation and apply
the partial payments, they adopted the pecu-
liar rule which it seems prevailed in that
Department, a rule which I undertake to say
is unknown in any business community, a rule
not recognized in any court or tribunal in any
civilized country, a rule without a precedent
and without reason. That rule was that the
interest should be calculated up to the time of
the partial payment, and then the payment
applied to extinguishing the principal and not
the interest that had accrued up to the time
of the payment. The balance of the principal,
after applying the partial payment, was treated
as a new principal, and so on till the payments
discharged the entire principal without taking
into account the interest that had in the mean-
time accrued.
i have prepared a brief statement of what
would be the difference between the amount
paid under that erroneous and unjust system
of calculation and application of payments
and the amount which would be found due
under the system now prevailing in every
country—a system which has been recognized
already by the Congress of the United States
and applied to the State of Maryland in the
adjustment of her war claims similar to those
we are now seeking to have adjusted.
If you take $100,000 as a principal sum and
discharge it in four equal aunual payments of
$25,000 each, without discharging the accru-
ing interest, you will find at the end of the
fourth year the interest will have amounted to
$16,000. If you apply the partial payments
by the regular rule now recognized of dis-
charging the interest that has accrued up to
the time of the payment, you will find that the
difference in the amount of interest at the end
of four years would be $1,882 against the cred-
itor. That is the way these States have been
wronged in the allowance of interest by the
Treasury Department.
I suppose we shall be met on the other side
by the plea that these claims have been allowed
to slumber for years. Why, sir, that is a plea
which would disgrace an individual, and much
more a great, a prosperous, and a wealthy peo-
ple. If there has been delay in the adjust-
ment of these claims, is it not the fault of the
Government? Who established or recognized
the rule that has prevailed in the Treasury
Department? Who ought to have corrected
that rule? And who ought to have paid these
debts years ago when the agents of these
States have been year after year demanding
satisfaction ?
Again, sir, the principle contended for here
has been recognized by acts passed by both
Houses of Congress. The right to interest
under this rule has been recognized; and the
principle has been applied to the State of
Maryland and the State of Alabama. We ask
that the rule shall now be applied uniformly,
so that we may have an end of this thing;
because, if payment be now refused, the claims
will stand here for years to come until justice
be done.
I now yield five minutes to my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Donsan.] I reserve to myself the right
to close the discussion.
Mr. COBURN, Has my colleague on the
committee [Mr. Terry] made a calculation
of the precise amount that will be paid out
under the bill?
Mr. TERRY. Not precisely.
Mr. COBURN. Can you state the amount
approximately?
Mr. TERRY. It is about $3,000,000 I
should suppose.
Mr. BIGGS. Three millions and a half.
Mr. HOLMAN. The aggregate amount,
according to a calculation I hold in my hand,
is $3,375,800. But it does not appear that
all the States which would be benefited by
this bill are included in this estimate. The
amount estimated to be due Virginia alone is
$2 626 176
Mr. HEREFORD. The aggregate is about
the same as the two per cent, elaim allowed
to Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If it is only $3,000,-
000, why, of course, it is not worth while to
waste an hour over it! It is only $3,000,000;
that is ail!
Mr. DONNAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has yielded to me.
The SPEAKER. He has, for five minutes.
Mr. DONNAN. Mr. Speaker, when this
bill was reported at a late hour last night by
the member of the Military Committee last to
report, my colleague on the committee from
Virginia, [Mr. Terry,] I felt it to be my duty,
when he was left without a quorum by the
House and the bill was in danger of being
thrown out of consideration entirely, I felt
it to be my duty, I say, to aid him in bringing
the bill authorized by a majority of the com-
mittee to be reported before the House for
consideration. But, sir, I am opposed to this
bill on its merits. I do not think it has merits.
It is true the Government after the revolu-
tionary war made arrangement by which it
paid advances by the States and the interest
thereon. It did the same thing in regard to
the war of 1812. It paid the advances and
in my judgment paid the interest as it agreed
to pay it and a3 it paid it to all the other
States, including Virginia, with one exception.
Now it is claimed by the gentleman if
interest be paid as suggested by him, of not
paying but the interest on a certain portion
when canceled, a saving will be made to the
Government. Of course that is true, and no
doubt it is the reason why the Department
made the rule it did, under which interest was
paid to Virginia; that, is, under the law of 1825.
This same rule applied to ail the other States
with the single exception of the State of Mary-
land ; and I believe it has been uniformly agreed
an error was made in paying additional interest
to that State.
I wish to call the attention of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Terry] to the fact that
last Congress interest was paid to Massachu-
setts and Maine, and it was then specifically
enacted they were brought under the same
rule which was heretofore applied to Virginia,
the law of 1825; and lest there might be some
further claim on the part of Maine and Massa-
chusetts in reference to these old claims, an
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Orth] was added to that bill,
providing that this payment should be in com-
plete adjustment and liquidation of all possible
claims those States might have because of this
matter. Hence if you now reverse the rule
and give to Virginia what she asked to be
given to her you will do injustice to the other
States, because by the law of the last Congress
you are prevented from going back and making
the same computation for Maine and Massa-
;[ chusetts. If you adopt this new rule, then
;] they would have to be settled with upon the
jl new rule hereafter. All having been settled
ji with on precisely the same principles which
ij we agreed upon, with the single exception of
Maryland, is it best, would it be just, to go
back of that rule and pay out this sum of
money, amounting to over $3,000,000, and
thus reopen the whole question of adjustment
with the several States? In my judgment it
is not, and I believe the bill ought not to pass.
I now ask the gentleman from Virginia that
the half hour allotted to this side be divided
between the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Peters] and the gentleman from Illinois, f Mr.
Moore.]
Mr. COBURN. I wish a short time in this
debate.
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
House will thoroughly understand this ques-
tion, and it lies in a nutshell, and then I shall
not be grieved how they will vote, though my
duty will compel me to vote against this hill
reported from the committee. There seems
to be an impression on the minds of some gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House, and my.
distinguished friend from Virginia [Mr. Terry]
is one of them, as his speech shows, that Mas-
sachusetts got her interest on the Maryland
rule. She did not get it on the Maryland, but
she got it on the Virginia rule. You know
that, Mr. Speaker, because you and myself
were before the committee. We attempted
to get it on the Maryland rule, but the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Hoi,man,] and the gen-
tleman from Illinois on my left, [Mr. Moore,]
who were on the committee, could not be in-
duced to vote for the bill on any consider-
ation, unless we yielded so far as to make our
claim only by the Virginia rule.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is my recollection,
that Maine and Massachusetts were settled
with on the basis of the Virginia rule, and not
on that of the Maryland rule.
Mr. PETERS. There is no doubt about
that. Gentlemen have been misled. I see
the gentleman from Virginia quotes the speech
of the late Mr. Pessenden in the Senate. That
was while he was arguing a bill years before
this bill passed. And when the Massachu-
setts bill passed Mr. Fessenden had been two
years in his grave.
Well, now another inadvertence, perhaps,
has led the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Terry] to that conclusion. A Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Vickers,] in a few remarks
in the Senate, when the Massachusetts bill
passed, inadvertently supposed that it was by
the Maryland rule. I have that debate; I
heard every word that was said. I knew it was
a misapprehension. There was but an hour to
put it through there, if it went through at all.
Not a word was said in favor of the bill, ex-
cept what was said by that gentleman and the
Senator from Delaware, and it passed. Now.
the fact is that Massachusetts, while she got
$800,000, will get if this bill passes I believe
about $600,000 more; and it goes to a rail-
road in the State of Maine, to which it has
been donated, and which in a certain sense
is my constituent. It may not therefore be
very graceful in me to oppose it, and I only
do so because I see herein a most pernicious
precedent if we adopt this proposition. In
the first place, Congress was very slow to pay
back interest at all upon any claim ; and ic
finally concluded to do it where the States
showed, and only in so far as thev showed
that they had paid interest. It is true, as the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Terry] says,
that they paid it on a restricted rule. They
paid what they called farmers' interest, just as
farmers cast up interest on a note. They cast
interest up to the payment, and instead of
taking the payment out of the interest first,
and then the balance of the payment out of
the principal, they took the payment wholly
out of the principal, leaving the interest to
stand there and to run on the balance.
This is not the mercantile rule. It is not
what A requires of B ; nor is it the rule which
the courts sustain. But, it is the old congres-
sional rule and never has been departed from,
except when Maryland—not Baltimore which
has a claim—but when Maryland got hers by
a fortuate construction of the act, on the mer-
cantile rule. Now, the question is, will Con-
gress go back and change the congressional
rule in the other cases because Maryland got
hers upon a more favorable rule? Or will it
be the best policy to let Maryland keep what,
she has got, and the other States what they
have got ?
The bill involvesa very large sum of money.
It is up in the millions. And if you go baelc.
Mr. Speaker, and pay all these States under
this rule, where they have been paid, some of
them thirty and forty years ago, then you open
