1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
Laws of the United States.
42d Concs...,3d Sess.
.Secretary of the Treasury shall cause proper
plans and estimates to be made, so that no
expenditures shall be made or authorized for
the full completion of said building beyond the
turn herein appropriated: Provided, That no
money hereby appropriated shall be used or
expended until the valid title to the land for
a site, independent and unexposed to danger
from fire in adjacent buildings, which it is
understood .the city, of Atlanta is ready to
donate for this purpose, shall be vested in the
United States, nor until the State of Georgia
shall cede its jurisdiction over the same, and
also duly release and relinquish to the United
States the right to tax or iu any way assess
said site, or the property of the United States
that may be thereon, during the time that the
United States shall be or remain the owner
thereof.
Approved, February 12, 1873.
Chap. CXXXIII.—An Act to provide for the
removal of the Wooden Buildings on Judi-
ciary Square.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the engineer in charge
of public buildings and grounds be, and he is
hereby, directed to cause the wooden buildings
situated on Judiciary square, of Washington
city, to be sold and removed therefrom, and
that he pay to the Women's Christian Associa-
tion of Washington the proceeds of such sale :
Provided, That the Governor of the District
of Columbia shall find and- provide for said
association suitable buildings for at least one
year after their removal from said square.
Approved, February 12, 1873.
Chap. CXXXV.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act to establish a Uniform
System of Bankruptcy throughout the Uni-
ted States," approved March second, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That whenever a corpora-
tion created by the laws of any State, whose
business is carried on wholly within the State
creating the same, and also any insurance
company so created, whether all its business
shall be carried on iu such State or not, has
had proceedings duly commenced against such
■corporation or company before the courts of
such State for the purpose of winding up the
affairs of such corporation or company and
•dividing its assets ratablyamong its creditors
and lawfully among those entitled thereto prior
to proceedings havingbeencommenced against
such corporation or company under the bank-
rupt laws of the United States, any order made,
or that shall be made, by such court agreeably
to the State law for the ratable distribution or
payment of any dividend of assets to the cred-
itors .of such corporation or company while
such State court, shall remain actually or con-
structively in possession or control of the
assets of such corporation or company shall be
deemed valid notwithstanding proceedings in
bankruptcy may have been commenced and be
pending against such corporation or company.
Approved, February 13, 1873.
<Chap. CXXXVI,—An Act to provide for the
appointment of a Commission to complete
the Boundary Line between the Territory of
the United States and the Possessions of
Great Britain, not completed under the Act
of August eleventh, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, to carry into effect the first Article
of the Treaty of fifteenth June, eighteen
hundred and forty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
■ 42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 16.
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized
to appoint the Secretary of State, or either of
the Assistant Secretaries, or the United States
minister at London, or in his discretion by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate to
appoint a commissioner, to act jointly with
such officer or commissioner as maybe named
by her Britannic Majesty, for the purpose of
completing the determination of so much of
the boundary line between the territory of the
United States and the possessions of Great
Britain as was left uncompleted by the com-
missioners appointed under the act of Congress
of August eleventh, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, to carry into effect the first article of
the treaty of the fifteenth of June, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, between the United
States and Great Britain.
Sec. 2. That the sum of five thousand dol-
lars, or so much thereof as may be required,
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to carry into effect the provis-
ions of this act.
Approved, February 14, 1873.
Chap. CXXXVII.—An Act authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to refund the dif-
ferential Duty on Articles actually on ship-
board in French Vessels destined for the
United States on the fifth of November,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That goods, wares, and
merchandise imported in Fronch vessels from
countries other than France, and which were
on ship-board and bound to tiio United States
on the fifth day of November, eighteen hun-
dred and Sjiveuty-two, are hereby relieved
from liability to discriminating duty under the
seventeenth section of the act of June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, revived on
such goods by the proclamation of the Pres-
ident of the United States, dated October
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-two;
and the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized, in any such case, to refund such
discriminating duty which may have been paid
on such goods, wares, and merchandise, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Approved, February 14, 1873.
Chap. CXXXVIII.—An Act making Appro-
priations for the current and contingent ex
penses of the Indian Department, and Cor
fulfilling Treaty Stipulations with various
Indian Tribes, for the year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
four, and for other purposes.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and they are hereby, appropriated, for the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-four, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the purpose of paying the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and
fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various
Indian tribes, and where the exigencies of the
service require it, goods and supplies for the
Indian service for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-four,
may be purchased and transported during the
current fiscal year:
For pay of eight superintendents of Indiau
affairs, namely : two superintendents for the
tribes east of the Rocky mountains; one for
Oregon ; one for the Territory of Washington;
one for the Territory of New Mexico ; one for
California ; one for the Territory of Arizona ;
and one for the Territory of Montana, nineteen
thousand one hundred dollars.
For pay of seventy-one agents of Indian
fairs, namely :
Five for the tribes in Oregon, namely: Warm
Springs, Klamath, Grand Ronde, Siletz, and
Umatilla agencies;
Three for the tribes in Washington Territory,
namely: Neah Bay, Yakama, and Skokomish
agencies;
Three for the tribes in California, namely:
Hoopa Valley, Round Valley, and Tule River
agencies;
Two for the tribes in Nevada, namely: Pi-
Ute, and Walker River, and Pyramid Lake
agencies ;
Two for the tribes in Idaho, namely: Nez
Perce and Fort Hall agencies ;
Four for the tribes in Montana, namely:
Flatheads, Blackfeet, Crow, and Milk River
agencies;
Ten for the tribes in Dakota, namely : Red
Cloud, Whetstone, Yankton, Pouca, Upper
Missouri, Grand River, Cheyenne River, Fort.
Berthold, Sisseton, and Devil's Lake agen-
cies ;
One for the tribes in Wyoming, namely:
Shoshone and Bannock agencies j
One for the tribes in Utah, namely : Uintah
Valley agency;
Six for the tribes in New Mexico, namely:
Albiquin, Navajo, Cimmaron, Mescalero
Apache, Southern Apache, and Pueblo
agencies ;
Two for the tribes in Colorado, namely ; Los
Pinos and White River agencies ;
Six for the tribes in Nebraska, namely :
Great Nemaha, Omaha, Winebago, Pawnee,
Otoe, and Santee agencies;
Three for the tribes in Kansas, namely:
Pottawatomie, Kaw or Kansas, and Kickapoo
agencies;
Ten for the tribes in the Indian territory,
namely: Sac and Fox, Quapaw, Neosho,
Kiowa and Comanche, Upper Arkansas,
Wichita, Cherokee, Creek, Ohoctawand Chick-
asaw, and Seminole agencies ;
One for the tribes in Minnesota, namely:
Chippewa agency;
One for the tribes in Iowa, namely: Sac and
Fox of Iowa agency; and it shall bo the duty
of said agent to reside at or near where said
tribes are located, giving all necessary time to
their education and in instructing them in agri-
culture and mechanic arts;
Two for the tribes in Wisconsin, namely:
Green Bay and La Pointe agencies ;
One for the tribes in Michigan, namely :
Mackinac agency;
One for the New York Indians, namely:
New York agency;
Seven for the tribes itr Arizona, namely:
Papago, Colorado River, Pima and Maricopa,
Chiricahui, Camp Verde, Camp Apache, and
Moquis Pueblo agencies, one hundred and six
thousand five hundred dollars : Provided, That
it shall be the duty of the President to dispense
with the services ofsuch Indian agents and super-
intendents herein mentioned as maybe practi-
cable ; and where it is practicable he shall
require the same person to perform the duties
of two agencies or superintendencies for one
salary.
For pay of special agent for the Gosliip
Western and Northwestern bands of Shoshones,
in Western Utah and Eastern Nevada, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For three sub-agents, one for the tribes in
Oregon, namely: Alesea sub-agency; and two
for the tribes m Washington Territory, namely:
Tulalipand Quinaielt sub-agencies, three thou-
sand dollars.
For pay of clerk to superintendent for Cali-
fornia, one thousand eight hundred dollars.
For temporary clerks to superintendents, six
thousand two hundred dollars.
For pay of eighty-nine interpreters, thirty-
nine thousand seven hundred dollars, as fol-
