1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1541
up the question and pay interest on a different
principle from that on which Congress made
repayments to the States in the revolutionary
war and in the war of the rebelliou, in an end-
less multitude of oases. I stand here with a
desire in some respects that my constituent, the
European railroad, shall get the benefit of this
money. But it is my duty to vote against it,
and 1 will vote against it.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to the language of the stat-
ute of 1825 in relation to the payment of
interest to the State of Virginia; and it is
the same with reference to.the States of Dela-
ware, New York, Pennsylvania, South Caro-
lina, &e. The act provides—
" That the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury Department be, and they are hereby, authorized
and directed to liquidate and settle the claim of the
State of Virginia," &c.
And so with reference to all these other
States the very same language is used. And
any fair construction of the law or the con-
tract- implies that the matter was finally ad-
justed and accepted upon a basis acceptable
to both parties. And what are the rules laid
down in that act?
"First, that interest shall not be computed on any
turn which Virginia has not expended for the use
and benefit of the United States, as evidenced by
the amount refunded or repaid to Virginia by the
IJnited States; second, that no interest shall be paid
on any sum on whieh she has not paid Interest;
third, that when the principal, or any part of it,
has been paid or refunded by the United States, or
money placed in the hands of Virginia for that
purpose, the interest on the sum or sums so paid or
refunded shall cease, and not be considered as
chargeable to the United States any longer than up
to the time of the repayment as aforesaid."
Now, there is a very distinct and plain rule
laid down as to all these States. The matter
was adjusted and settled between the States
and the United States in full view of the lan-
guage of this law ; and now, after manyyears,
this thing is stirred up, and stirred up because
of a mistake in public policy in relation to the
State of Maryland. The question which now
comes up is, whether the House is ready to
perpetuate that mistake. It strikes me that it
was a very unfortunate mistake. 1 am not
surprised that gentlemen press these claims,
and 1 do not desire particularly to antagonize
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Terry]
who is a member of the Committee on Military
Affairs, but I feel it my duty to call the atten-
tion of the House to the matter. I believe
this claim is unjust and ought not to be paid.
Mr. MOORE. As I was perhaps more
intimately connected with the settlement of
the claim of Massachusetts than any other
member of the House, I suppose it is proper
I should give some explanation in reference
to this matter. And first, 1 will state in reply
to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Terry,]
who savs that there was no particular rule
established by Congress in 1825 for computing
the interest, that there were three rules estab-
lished for computing the interest in the statute
of 1825, and I will state that it was under that
same statute that all the States were settled
with, including Maryland and excluding Mas-
sachusetts. Those three rules were as follows:
" First, that interest shall not be computed on any
sum which Virginia has not expended for the use
and benefit of the United States, as evidenced by
the amount refunded or repaid to Virginia by the
United States; second, that no interest shall be
paid on any sum which she has not paid interest;
third, that when the principal, or any part of it, has
been paid or refunded by the United States, or
money placed in the hands of Virginia tor that
purpose, the interest on the sum or sums so paid or
refunded shall cease, and not be considered as
chargeable to the United States any longer than up
to thetime of the repayment as aforesaid.
Under this statute and by these rules for
computing interest all the States having claims
of this description were settled with, excepting
the State of Massachusetts.
Now, then, I want to call your attention to
the fact that in 1857, after Maryland had been
settled with under the rules I have presented,
she came here and, as my friend from Maine
said, asked that the congressional rules calcu-
lating interest, putting it on the commercial
rule of calculating interest, should be applied
to her claim. That was granted, and Mary-
land was twice settled with for the interest.
Now, if the case of Maryland is to be
taken as a precedent, then Pennsylvania, New
York, Delaware, South Carolina, and New
Hampshire are to come here and have their
claims settled on this new principle. All the
States that had these claims must come in and
have them settled under the statute of 1857.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in reference to the Mas-
sachusetts claim, I desire to state that the hon-
orable gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters]
presented a bill for the payment of interest
due to the State of Massachusetts. She had
never received any interest for her claim ; for
the principal was not settled until 1859, and
the war coming on prevented a settlement of
the interest. It was finally settled in the
Forty-First Congress.
When the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Peters] introduced a bill for the settlement of
the claim, like all good Yankees, he endeav-
ored to make the best bargain he could, and
having discovered that Maryland had got more
than the other States, my friend wanted to do
the very same thing for Massachusetts, and
here is what he says in his bill:
" Beckoning interest at six per cent, per annum,
and aocording to the rules and limitations applied to
the case of Maryland by the twelfth section of an act
approved on the 3d of March, 1857, entitled " An
act to provide for certain civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending on the 30th of June,
1858."
Now, sir, I was at that time a member of the
Committee of Claims, and when I looked at
this bill and referred to the statute which I
have quoted, and found that all the other States
had been settled with on different rules, I said
to my friend from Maine' " You cannot come
the Maryland settlement on the Committee of
Claims this time, and you are remanded back
to the rules established by Congress. If you
will consent to settle your claim on the prin-
ciple on which other States have been settled
with, I can support your bill."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to call atten-
tion to the report of Mr. Ela in reference to
the settlement with Virginia. He makes a
distinct statement that they come in asking
that the interest shall be calculated on the
commercial principle, and then notifies the
House that the committee will not consent to
that but remands them back to the rules under
which other States have been settled with.
On the principle on which Maryland was set-
tled with, the claim of Massachusetts would
have amounted to $1,245,000. By the rules
under which Virginia and all the other States
were settled with, computing the interest ac
cording to the rules laid down by Congress,
the claim of Massachusetts was reduced to
$678,000, a saving to the Government of
$567,000. We compelled Massachusetts to
accept that as the sum total of all claims on
that ground which she had upon the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Now, then, sir, if we pass this bill we shall
have to make a new settlement with New
York and all the other States and also to pay
Massachusetts the balance of the $1,245,000.
Sir, I would be willing to see Virginia or
any other State get every dollar due her, but
there is a duty that members of Congress owe
to the Government and to themselves. Money
should not be paid where the Government is
not obligated to pay it. The total of these
claims is estimated at $3,000,000 ; it will not
fall short of $5,000,000.
Here is $600,000 due to the State of Massa-
chusetts. Upon this very same principle there
are claims of cities that have been settled with
interest computed upon the same plan. You
would not by any means have this matter set-
tled by the payment of $3,000,000. Virginia
would call for $2,000,000 upon the amount
which she has already been paid, and mors
than half a million would be due to Massa-
chusetts. There would be two and a half
millions for only two of the States.
Mr. TERRY. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Speer] for ten
minutes.
Mr. SPEER. Believing this bill to be
founded upon principles of justice between the
States and the General Government, it meets
the hearty approval of my judgment, not be-
cause my own State is interested to the extent
of about $270,000, but because I believe it
just to apply to the States, in the computation
of interest due them, the same rules which an
honest man applies to the computation of
interest due his neighbor.
A brief recurrence to the facts and the legis-
lation of Congress on this subject I think will
satisfy every intelligent man that all that is
provided for in this bill is just atid right. In
the war of 1812 the national Government,
being unable to furnish from its own Treasury
the means necessary to carry on that struggle,
bad to fall back for assistance on the States.
They generously came to its relief, some of
them borrowing money, some issuing their
bills of credit, and raising funds, in order that
the life of the General Government might be
saved. This bill provides that the States that
did that, having received the principal which
they advanced to the Genera! Government,
shall now receive interest on that principal,
computed precisely as every man, firm, cor-
poration, and municipality compute it.
On the 3d of March, 1825, Congress passed
an act for the payment of Virginia, to be found
in volume four, Statutes at Large, page 132.
On the 13th of March, 1826, a similar act was
passed for the payment of theamountof money
due to the State of Maryland, and on the 3d
of March, 1827, a like act for Pennsylvania.
Those acts are in precisely the same words,
verbatim et literatim, except the name of
one State substituted for that of the other.
When the Secretary of the Treasury came to
pay those States the amount due them in pur-
suance of these acts of Congress, he calculated
their interest upon a most arbitrary principle.
The construction of the Virginia statute was
referred to the then Attorney General of the
United States, Mr. Wirt. I hold in my hand
his opinions, found in volume one of Opinions
of the Attorneys General, pages 722, 723, and
724, dated June 6, 1825. 1 read from that
opinion as follows:
"I. Can interest be allowed on loans, in cases
where neither the sums were borrowed nor the ex-
penditures made till after the war had terminated,
notwithstanding the expenses may have been in-
curred daring the war ?
"The language of the law is that the proper
accounting officers be authorized to settle the claim
of Virginia ' for interest upon loans or money bor-
rowed and actually expended by her for the use .and
benefit of the United States daring-the late war with
Great Britain.' Such is the first section of the law.
" The second section gives the rules for examining
the amount of the interest. They are
"1. That interest shall not be computed on any
sum which Virginia has not expended for the use
and benefit of the United States, as evidenced by
the amount refunded or repaid to Virginia by the
United States.
2. That no interest shall be paid on any sum on
whieh she has not paid interest.
" 3. That when the principal, or any part of it,
has been paid or refunded by the United States, or
money placcd in the hands oi Virginia for that Pur-
pose, the interest on the sum or sums so paid or
refunded shall cease and not be considered as
chargeable to the United States any longer than up
to the time of the repayment aforesaid.
"In construing this law it is proper to advert to
the principle on which it is founded and to the ob-
ject which it proposes to effect. The principle is
this: the United States are bound by the relation
which subsists between the General and State gov-
ernments to provide the means of carrying on war,
and, as a part of the business of war, to provide for
the defense of the several States. When the United
States fail to make such provision, and the States
have to defend themselves by means of their own
resources, the expenditure thus incurred lorms a
debt against the United States, which they are
bound to reimburse. If the expenditures made for
such purpose are supplied from the treasury of the
State the United States reimburse the principal
