1544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
February 1!0,
to state to the House what States will be bene-
fited by this bill?
Mr. TERRY. I must refer the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Mavnmrd] to the state-
ment in the remarks of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Speer.] I can state it iu
the aggregate but not in detail. The States
to be benefited are New York, Pennsylvania,
Delaware, Virginia, South Carolina, and Ten-
nessee, and the city of Baltimore, and the
aggregate amount is about $3,500,000.
But, talking about the amount that Virginia
will get out of the United States Treasury, I
want to remind members of a fact which I
did not know till recently, that the Govern-
ment of the United States holds to day, against
the State of Virginia, Indian bonds for
$1,000,000. Now, when it is proposed that the
United States shall collect that amount, we
ask as a set-off the payment of this honest
demand.
Mr. COX. I would like to know what pro-
portion of this claim is for interest and what
is the amount of the principal, and also whether
the Committee on Military Affairs or the gen-
tleman himself has considered the question
whether our Government ought to pay interest
or not? That is a question which has been
raised before many of our courts.
Mr. SPEER. Attorney General Wirt has
decided that question.
Mr, TERRY. The Congress of the United
States have passed acts directing interest to
be paid, and I cannot be interrupted further.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The House directed that
at ten minutes after one o'clock they would
vote on this bill.
Mr. PETERS. I ask again permission to
offer an amendment.
Mr. TERRY. I object.
Mr. PETERS. You are very liberal. The
amendment was to apply the same rule under
which Massachusetts was paid, and you are
afraid to let it in. I only wanted to test
you.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WALLACE. I rise to a question of
privilege. I expect to vote for this bill. I
hold in my hand a memorial in the interest of
South Carolina. I never had any interest
whatever in this claim ; I was only acting as
the agent of my State ; but I do not want to
be investigated, and, therefore, I take this
opportunity of stating that I have no personal
interest in this bill.
Mr. PETERS. The gentleman's bill is one
for the payment of interest on revolutionary
claims.
Mr. WALLACE. It includes this also.
Mr. PETERS. That shows how much this
will open up.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time, on which
the yeas and nays had been called for
The yeas and nays were ordered, there being
thirty-five in the affirmative.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
bill be laid on the table. *
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 68, noes 74.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Farnsworth
and Mr. Terry were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 75, noes 73.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken; and there
were—yeas 102, nays 103, not voting 35; as
follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Barber, Beatty, Bigby,
Bingham, Austin Blair, James 6. Blair, Buckley,
Bunnell, Burch-i.rd, Burdett, Clarke. Coburn, Cogh-
lan. Conger, Cotton, Cox. Crocker. Darrali, Dawes,
Dickey, Donaan, Duell, Duimell, Eamea, Ely, Esty,
Farnswortb. Finkelnburg, Charles
D. Poster. Frye, Garfield, Goodrich Hale. Harmer,
Havens, John B. Hawley, Joseph
Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, HAbard,
Hill, Hoar, Holman, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley,
Kellogg, Ketoham, Lamport, Lowe, Lynch, McCor-
mick, McCrary, McJunkin, Merriam, Monroe,
Moore, Morphis, Orr, Packard. Packer, Palmer,
Hosea W.Parker, Isaac 0. Parker, Peck, Pendle-
ton, Peters, Poland, Randall, Ellis ^v^^eris,
William R. Roberts, Rusk, Sargent. Scofield, Ses-
sions, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, H. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Sprague, Starkweather, Stoughton, St. John, cy-
pher. Thomas, Washington Townsend, lurner,
Twichell, Tyner, Upson. wakeman^Walden, Wai-
dron Wheeler, Wbiteley, Wiila-rd, Williams of In-
diana, and John T. Wilson—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams. Archer, Arthur,
Banks, Barry, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck,
Biggs, Bird, Boarman. Boles, Braxton, isright,
Buffinton, Benjamin F.Butler, Roderick R.Butler,
Caldwell, Cobb, Comingo, Conner, Critcher, Cross-
land, Davis, Dodds, Dox, DuBose, Duke, Eldredge,
Elliott, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Getz, Giddings,
Golladay, Griffith, Haldeman, Hambleton, Han-
cock, Handley, Hanks, Harper, George E. Harris,
John T. Harris, Hays, Hereford, Herndon, Kendall,
Kerr, King. Lamison, Leach, Maclntyre, Manson,
Marshall, May nard, McClelland, McGrew, McHenry,
McKinney. Merrick, Benjamin K. Meyers, Morgan,
Leonard Myers, Negley, dilas L. Niblack, WUliam
E. Niblack, Perry, Piatt. Porter, Potter, Price,
Rainey, Head, Edward Y. Rice, John M. nice,
Ritchie, Robinson, John Rogers, Sum ii. Rogers,
Roosevelt, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shober, Slater,
Sloss, Snyder. Speer, Stevens, Storm, Stowell,
Swann, Terry, Tuthill, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wad-
dell, Wallace, Warren, Wells, Whitthome, Wood,
and Young—103. _
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Avenll, Barnum,
Bell, Brooks, Campbell, Carroll, Crebs, Creely,
Parwell, Porker, Halsey, Killinger, Kinsella, Lan-
sing, Lewis, McKee, McNeely. Mitchell, Morey,
Peree, Prindle, Sawyer, Seeley, Snanks, Slocum,
Snapp. Stevenson,Sutherland, Taffe, Dwight Town-
send, Van Trump. Williams of New York, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, and Winchester—35. .
So the motiou to lay the bill on the table
was not agreed to.
The question recurred on ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time, upon
which the yeas and nays had been ordered.
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 90, nays 118, not voting 32; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer. Arthur,
Banks, Erasmus W. Beck, James B. Beck, Biggs,
Bird, Boarman. Braxton, Bright, Roderick R. Butler,
Caldwell, Comingo, Conner, Criteher, Crossland,
Davis, Dodds, Dox. DuBose, Duke,Eldredge,Elliott,
Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Getz, Giddings, Golladay,
Griffith, Haldeman, Hainbletou, Hancock, Handley,
Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris, Hays,
Hereford, Herndon, Kendall, Kerr, King, Lamison,
Leach, Maclntyre, Manson, Maynard, McHenry,
McKinney, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan,
Negley, Silas L.Niblack, William E. Niblack. Perry.
Piatt, Porter, Price, Rainey, Read, Edward Y. Rice,
John M. Rice, Rit' hie, Robmson, Sion H. Rogers,
Sheldon, Sherwood, Shober, Slater, Slocum. Sloss,
Snyder, Speer. Stowell, Swann, Terry, Tuthill,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Wallace, War-
ren, Wells, Whitthorne, Winchester, Wood, and
Young—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Averill, Barber, Barry, Beatty,
Bingham, Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Boles, Buck-
ley, ijuiiinton, Bunnell, Burchard, Burdett, Carroll,
Clarke, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton, Cox,
Crocker, Darrali, Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, Duell,
Dunnell, Barnes, Ely, Esty, Farnswortb, Finkeln-
burg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Poster, Frye, Gar-
field, Goodrich, Hale, Halsey, Harmer, Havens, John
B. Hawley, Joseph R. Hawley, Hay, Gerry W. Hazel-
ton, John W. Hazelton, Ilibbard, Hill, Hoar, Hol-
man, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham,
Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Lynch, Marshall, McClel-
land, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew, McJunkin,
Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Morey, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Orr. Packard. Packer, Palmer,Hosea W. Par-
ker, Isaac C.Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Peters,Poland,
Randall, Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts, John
Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield,
Sessions, Shanks, Sheilabarger, Shoemaker, H.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Sprague, Starkweather, Storm. StoughtoD, St.
John, Sypher, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Tur-
ner, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Walden,
Waldron, Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, Williams
of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wil-
son—118.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Barnum,
Bell, Bigby, Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler, Campbell,
Cobb, Crebs, Creely, Parwell, Forker, Hanks, Kil-
linger, Kinsella, Lewis, McKee, McNeely, Mitchell,
Perce, Potter, Prindle, Seeley, Snapp, Stevens, Ste-
venson, Sutherland, Taffe, Dwight Townsend, Van
Trump, and Williams of New York—32.
So the bill was not ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
During the roll-call,
Mr. CREBS said: On this question I am
paired with my colleague, [Mr. Stevexs.] If
while I
he were here he would vote ay,
should vote " no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
last taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
impeachment of tub vice president.
Mr. WOOD. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] rises to what he claims to
be a question of privilege.
Mr. WOOD. A question of privilege of the
highest order. I offer the resolution which I
send to the Clerk; and on it I ask the pre-
vious question.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved. That the testimony reported to this
House by the special committee, appointed under
the resolution of the House of Representatives of
December 2,1872, for the investigation of charges of
bribery in influencing members of the House of
Representatives, be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, with instructions to report articles of
impeachment against Schbyleb Colfax, \ ice Pres-
ident of the United States, if in its judgment there
is evidence implicating that officer and warranting
impeachment.
The SPEAKER. On this resolution the
gentleman from New York asks the previous
question.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is this a question of
privilege?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. RANDALL. On that I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. TYNER. Upon this resolution I raise
the question of consideration.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I ask that the resolution
be again read.
The Clerk again read the resolution.
Mr. TYNER. I raise the question of con-
sideration, and object to the resolution being
now considered.
Mr. RANDALL. Is that in order ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, has the
right to raise the question of consideration,
which is one for the majority of the House to
determine.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I supposed when the
resolution was first read that it was an abso-
lute instruction to the Judiciary Committee to
bring in articles of impeachment; and for
that reason I called for a second reporting of
the resolution. I find, however, that it pro-
poses to leave the question to the judgment
of the Judiciary Committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Tyner] objecting to the consider-
ation of the resolution, that question must be
first settled.
Mr. RANDALL. Is the raising of the
question of consideration a point of order ?
The SPEAKER. Rule 41 provides that—
" When any motion or proposition is made, the
question 'Will the House now consider it?' shall
not be put unless it is demanded by some member,
or is deemed necessary by the Speaker."
The gentleman from Indiana raises the ques-
tion of consideration.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Does that rule apply to
a question of privilege?
The SPEAKER. The rule is general. Its
language is, " when any motion or proposition
is made." The privilege consists in a mem-
ber having the right to submit the proposi-
tion. It is for a majority of the House to
determine whether they will consider it.
Mr. RANDALL. That is the point I want
the Speaker to decide, whether it is within
the control of the House to consider the
matter.
The SPEAKER. Of course it is within the
control of the House. If the House resolve
not to consider it, it is not before the House.
If they negative that motion it is before the
House. The duty of the Chair is first to sub-
