1546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. But it
does not carry the treaty into effect at all.
Mr. BANKS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to go into Committee of the
.Whole on the state of the Union.
. Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to inquire
of-the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations whether he desires to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the bill of which he has charge?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Butler, of Massachusetts; and on a division
there were—ayes 99, noes 24.
So the motion was agreed to.
commissioners or claims.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan,
a committee of conference was ordered on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 8088) to extend for four years the act
establishing a board of commissioners of claims
atjd the acts relating thereto.
correction of an error.
Mr. BUCKLEY, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Jlesofoed, (the Senate concurring,) That the joint
Committee on Enrolled Bills be authorized to cor-
rect a name in the enrollment of the bill (H. R. No.
2552) granting a pension to James McAlfee, by
striking out in the hody of the bill and in the title
thereof thename " McAlfee," and inserting instead
thereoi the name of "McAfee," the same having
boon incorrectly reported from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
The House then resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Tyner in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of a bill (H. R.
No. 3921) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1874, and for other pur-
poses.
The Clerk read as follows:
-For purchase of site andto commence the erection
of a building at 1 hiladelphia, Pennsylvania, for a
post 0&ce and United States courts, $1,500,000:
Provided .That thoaggregate cost of such site and
buildms shall not exceed $3,000,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise for the pur-
pose of making a point of order against that
paragraph, unless there is some law authorizing
it. 1 am not aware whether there is or is not.
Mr. GARMELD of Ohio. This was made
in order by a resolution which the House
passed, I think, a week ago last Monday.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Bat there is no law
authorizing it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is a law
authoring thr; construction of the building;
but this provision changes the existing law.
Mr. L MYERS.- This comes from the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What is the law
authorizing it ?
Mr. L. MYERS. The act of 1872 author-
ized the expenditure of $1,500,000 for this
purpose. Another site has been selected, and
the old site will sell for more than half a mil-
lion dollars. The Secretary of the Treasury
recommends this provision in his annual re-
port, and the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, having considered the matter,
reported it to the House, and the House passed
a resolution authorizing it to be placed in this
Mr FARNSWORTH. Under the circum-
stances, I will not make the point of order; but
I will move to strike out the paraeranh
Mr. L. MYERS. Why, Mr. Chapman 
Mr FARNSWORTH. Well, I WU1 move
to strike out the proviso which reads " pro-
vided that the aggregate cost of such site and
i? u g not exceed $8,000,000." I do
that because unless you change the limitation
and make a different one the old limitation of
coarse will prevail.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That does not
follow.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, I move to
strike it out because it is useless. A proviso
on any of your appropriation bills limiting the
cost of any one of these public buildings is not
worth the paper on which it is printed ; it is
nothing but a delusion and a snare; it is worse
than a humbug. There is not a single case
where Congress has limited the amount which
a building shall cost but as we approach that
limit we break it down and enlarge it and
appropriate more money.
Now, here is a building which we were asked
to authorize upon the specious pretense that it
would cost but one and a half million dollars.
That proposition is put through Congress, and
yet the very next session it is proposed to
change the limitation so as to allow the
expenditure of twice that amount of money.
We are met here with the oft-repeated state-
ment which has become stale in this House:
"the Secretary of the Treasury recommends
it." Sir, the Secretary of the Treasury rec-
ommends everything in the shape of removing
limitations upon the cost of your public build-
ings. You have in this bill appropriations for
public buildings to an amount almost as great
as it took to run the entire Government of the
United States under John Quincy Adams.
You propose by this bill to appropriate more
than ten million dollars for the construction of
public buildings, and you go on from year to
year increasing the amount of your appropria-
tions for that purpose.
We limited the cost of the building in New
York city, and that restriction has been re-
moved two or three times. We will have
appropriated money before we get through
with this bill two, ay, three different years,
to complete a building where the amount
has been figured down to a cent as to what it
shall cost. And at the succeeding session of
Congress the restriction is taken off, and you
come in here with another appropriation to
finish the building over again.
At the last session of Congress the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Gaki'Ielij,] the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, intro-
duced a resolution, which was adopted by this
House, asking your Secretary of the Treasury
whether some charges whicli I had made on
the floor here were true and directing him to
report to this House. Where is his report?
Where is his answer to that resolution? When
I charged upon the floor of the House last
year that frauds and rascalities were being
perpetrated in the Treasury Department by
your Supervising Architect in collusion with
the vice president of the Board of Public
Works of this city, who I then charged were
hunting in couples to deplete the Treasury of
the United States, my charge was denied.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, in conjunc-
tion with the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
farnswortk.] I have here in this House re-
sisted the great expenditure of public money
on the construction of public buildings. I do
not admit that the gentleman has struggled
harder than I have for that purpose.
When the gentleman attributes to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury the difficulty in this mat-
ter, he does not do justice to that officer. My
experience upon the Committee on Appropria-
tions and elsewhere, in this struggle to resist
the great increase of expenditures for that
purpose, has shown me that no officer of the
Government has struggled harder than the
Secretary of the Treasury himself to check
the great expenditure of public money in this
direction.
In reference to the charge which the gentle-
man now makes against the Secretary of the
■treasury, that he has omitted to take cogni-
zance of charges which he has made upon the
Boor against certain officers of the Govern-
ment, I submit that the Secretary has fully
discharged his duty in that respect. He has
instituted inquiries, and, according to the
testimony which he has been able to elicit
by examination, his judgment is that those
charges are groundless. That the Secretary
had sufficient evidence before him, or that the
evidence was true, I do not know, for I have
not examined it. But the judgment of the
Secretary of the Treasury, unimpeached and
unimpeachable here in this House, was that
the charges made by my friend from Illinois
were unfounded.
Sir, the tendency of this whole thing is so
plain as to be irresistible upon the part of the
Secretary of the Treasury so far as he has
any power to control it. The Supervising
Architect of the Treasury, necessarily, from
the very nature of his business, must be and
is an extravagant officer. I have said here
many a time, as I have said elsewhere of that
officer, that I believe him to be an extrava-
gant officer. But that I have ever seen any
evidence that he was not an honest man, lam
bound to say here that I have seen no such
evidence. He desires to erect magnificent pub-
lic buildings. His idea of the growth of this
country is that these buildings are required
to be erected in anticipation of the future.
Upon this point I differ with that officer. I
think he is involving the Treasury in unneces-
sary and unreasonable expenditures. But let
us be just. Let us draw a proper discrimina-
tion between an extravagant and a dishonest
administration of the law. And certainly, in
view of the anxiety and urgency of members
of Congress, who each desire to do as much
as possible for their own districts, it is cer-
tainly unreasonable and unjust, and not in
accordance with the facts, to charge any blame
in this matter on the Secretary of the Treasury.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. On this amendment
debate is exhausted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the
amendment and move another amendment,
to strike out the whole paragraph. Mr.
Chairman, I hold in my hand the report of the
debate on the resolution upon this subject
adopted in this House at the last session of
Congress. I charged at that time, among
other things, that a certain patent roofing
known as the Vaux patent was being used by
the Supervising Architect of the Treasury,
in conjunction with A. R. Shepherd, upon
various public buildings. I showed from the
original bills which I produced in the House
that men and materials were taken from the
city of Washington to Iowa and various other
distant places, that a royalty of ten cents per
square foot was paid to Shepherd for the pat-
ent, and that he received besides fifteen per
cent, upon the aggregate cost of the work, in-
cluding the transportation of men and mate-
rials by rail.
It was then claimed, at a time when I had
no opportunity to reply, (for directly after-
ward a vote was demanded)—it was claimed
by a gentleman who sits directly in front of
me [Mr. Platt] and a member from Massa-
shusetts who sits over there [Mr. Butler]
that this Vaux patent-roofing was not used
except in the repair of old roofs. I showed
that the patent for this roofing was obtained
for Mr. Va-ux by the assistance of the Super-
vising Architect of the Treasury, that the pat-
ent was at first refused at the Patent Office,
and that upon Mullett obtaining the patent for
Vaux he became a part owner, as a reward for
his services in obtaining it; that he turned
round and sold his interest to Shepherd, and
then employed Shepherd to put that pateut-
roohng upon public buildings.
I read from the report of a committee of
this House, of which Hon. Mr. Churchill, of
New York, formerly a member, was chairman,
stating these facts. I read also from a report
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, a report signed by you, Mr. Chairman,
u 111 'I16 chair,) as one member of
that committee, iu which it was declared that
