582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
the Whole that the railroad company shall pay the
current interest, then, to avoid the diffioulty and
uncertainty which creditors will have, and to insure
its prompt payment by the United States, this
amendment provides thatthe Government ?hall first
pay it, and the company reimburse it to the United
States within one month. Of eourse, it will be a
little gain to the company to the extent of the in-
terest upon the interest. This is the only way the
interest can be promptly secured to the creditors."
He was answered by Mr. Campbell, of Penn-
sylvania, who had charge of the bill, who said :
" It has been demonstrated to this House that the
cost to the Government of transportation to our
forts in the Territories is more than double the
amount of the entire interest upon all the bonds pro-
posed to be issued; and the bill is based upon the
supposition that the transportation of Government
supplies over the road willbeequal to.if not greatly
exceed, the annual interest upon the bonds issued
from year to year. It is not the intention of the
bill that the interest shall be paid semi-annually to
the Government. It is not supposed that, in the
first instanoe, the company will reimburse the inter-
est to the Government. It will reimburse it in
transportation ; but if transportation does not meet
the interest, then the Government is to have amort-
gage on the entire road for the full amount of prin-
cipal and interest. I hope, therefore, that the
amendment will be voted down."
Mr. White's amendment was rejected with
that distinct avowal by the gentleman who bad
charge of the bill. I am willing to rest that
question on these authorities.
Now, gentlemen say that we can repeal
these laws. Certainly we can. They might
say that we can repudiate the bonds. Cer
tainly we can. But gentlemen must not for-
get that by the act of 1864 we gave this cor-
poration a right to issue bonds to the same
amount as we had issued our bonds, and make
them a first mortgage, giving them priority of
lien, and they have done so to the extent of
$64,000,000 of first mortgage bonds. Those
first mortgage bonds are held all over the
country, and if you break down this present
corporation what follows? The first-mortgage
bondholders will ask you no favors. They will
go into court and sell out the road for their
own benefit. They will defy Congress, and
the courts will sustain them, in spite of all the
opposition we may make. This is not all. The
women and children, the widows and orphans
who own small amounts of these bonds as
investments will be sacrificed, because the
rich combined first-mortgage bondholders will
sell out the road. And that is at the bottom
of all this matter on the part of these bond-
holders. Advantage is being taken of the
excitable condition of the public mind to
enable them to sell out the road at far less
than its value.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question. He has referred to the
poor widows and orphans; does he know of
any poor widow or orphan who owns any of
these bonds ?
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I have made
inquiry of men who ought to have the means of
knowing, and was .told that these first-mortgage
bonds were sold all over the country, and that
a number of them are held in trust for women
and infant children as a good security, but two
thirds of the bonds are held by rich men and
corporations, and those two thirds can com-
bine and buy out the road for less than its
value, to the sacrifice of the interest of the
other bondholders.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The subject of bonds
's never mentioned in this House but some
gentleman talks of poor widows and orphans.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I am not talking
about them except that I do not want a com-
bination of the first-mortgage bondholders sell
out the road at a sacrifice, as I contend they
will. Everybody is excited, everybody thinks
he is suspected, calm deliberation is impos-
sible. The present condition of the public
mind is truly illustrated in Macaulay's review
of Moore's Life of Lord Byron, thus:
" We know no spectacle so ridiculous as the Brit-
ish public in one of its periodical fits of morality.
In general elopements, divorces, and family quar-
rels pass with little notice. We read the scandal,
talk about it for a day, and forget it. But once in
six or seven years our virtue becomes outrageous.
We cannot suffer the laws of religion and decency
to be violated. We must make a stand against vice.
We must teacli libertines that the English people
appreciate the importance of domestic ties. Ac-
cordingly some unfortunate man, in no respect more
depraved than hundreds whose offenses have been
treated with levity, is singled out as an expiatory
sacrifice." ********
" The ease of Lord Byron was harder. True Jed-
wood justice was dealt out to him. First came the
execution, then the investigation, and last of all, or
rather not at all, the accusation. The public,
without knowing anything whatever about the
transactions in his family, flew into a violent pas-
sion with him, and proceeded to inventstories which
might justify its anger. Ten or twenty different
accounts of the separation, inconsistent with each
other, with themselves, and with common sense,
circulated at the same time. What evidence there
might be for anyone of these the virtuous people
who repeated them neither knew nor cared."
******** ***
" The attachment of the multitude bear no small
resemblance to those of the wanton enchantress in
the Arabian tales, who, when the forty days of her
fondness were over, was not content with dismissing
her lovers, but condemned tliem to expiate in loath-
some shapes and under severe punishments the
crime of having once pleased her too well."
Substitute American for British public, and
charges of railroad swindles for Byron's alleged
offenses, and the picture Macaulay draws is
no exaggeration of the present state of feeling
in this country.
Mr. WOOD obtained the floor.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Allow me one
word more to set myself right. It was assumed
by gentlemen around me that I said it was the
object of some members here to aid in selling
out the road. I did not intend to say any such
thing, and if I did I retract it. What I meant
to stay was that it was the intention of the first-
mortgage bondholders to do it.
The committee rose informally.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate bad passed without amend-
ment a bill of the House of the following
title:
A bill (H. R. No. 2865) to fix the compen-
sation of the gaugers and measurers at the
port of Boston.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, and requested the concur-
rence of the House in, a bill of the following
title:
A bill (S. No. 1319) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States stocks, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof."
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session and the consideration of the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill.
Mr. WOOD. It seems to me so simple a
proposition as this shoald not excite so much
feeling as is apparent on the part of some
gentlemen who have engaged in its discussion.
The proposition before the committee is the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard] to repeal the
ninth section of the Army appropriation bill
of 1871, of the last session of the last Con-
gress. That is the sole proposition before us.
Now, without entering into a discussion as
to the nice legal questions raised by gentlemen
who have spoken, we all know what the ninth
section of the Army appropriation bill meant
to do. It is not material to know what were
the attending circumstances which led to the
adoption of that section, whether it was sur-
reptitiously passed through Congress, whether
it was passed through this House without being
read, whether it was incorporated into the bill
by the committee of conference or not, or
what were the attending circumstances. It is
not material to know any of those things, or
to understand or discuss them, for the purpose
of determining the question now before this
committee.
I believe it cannot be controverted that if we
repeal that section the whole question stands as
|| it did before; that whatever were the opinions
I! of the Attorney General or of the Secretary of
jj the Treasury, whatever was done by the exec-
, utive department with reference to the interest
upon these bonds or to the collection of the
amount due by the Government to the road or
vice versa, that whole question will remain pre-
cisely as it was before the intervention of that
legislation. Now it is material to a settlement
of that question, when we are charged with
bad faith in the adoption of the proposed
amendment, to recollect the fact that the adop-
tion of this amendment changes nothing. It
restores the relations of these roads precisely
as they were before the ninth section of the
Army appropriation bill was passed.
In connection with that subject and as reach-
ing the very question of bad faith, the com-
mittee will remember that all the bonds issued
by these roads were issued before 1871; they
were issued under the law of 1864; the whole
of the $64,000,000 of bonds issued by these
Pacific railroads were in existence before the
legislation was had which it is now sought
to repeal by this amendment. Consequently
in this repeal we do not change the status of
these bonds. The holders of these bonds,
whether they be capitalists in Europe or capi-
talists in the United States, or the poor widows
and orphans who have been referred to here,
are precisely in the same attitude as when
those bonds were issued. There is no legisla-
tion intended or enacted by this amendment
which in any way can alter or repeal the act
under which these bonds were issued, and
which, as had been said by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] Congress has
the undoubted right to amend or repeal.
We all know that capitalists when they issue
bonds look to the law under which they are
issued. There is no class of persons better
able to protect their interests than the class
of people who negotiate these large amounts
of railroad bonds. They invariably look to
the law under which they are issued in order
to see whether there can possibly be any legal
question raised upon them, or any legislation
which will affect either the principal or the
interest of the bonds. Therefore, when gen-
tlemen get up and say in opposition to this
amendment that it is acting in bad faith to the
holders of these railroad bonds, in my judg-
ment there is no foundation for that objection
to the adoption of the amendment.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
says that in the present state of public excite-
ment to refer to the Credit Mobilier or the
Union Pacific railroad is like raising a red
flag before an angry bull. I will say that it
was not necessary to wait for this recent exposS
to alarm the people of this country. In my
judgment the people of this country look with
pride upon this great iron arm connecting the
Atlantic and the Pacific oceans. I believe
they hold it to be one of great national enter-
prise and deserving of national encourage-
ment and patronage. Yet I think if gentle-
men will refer to the law, if they will recollect
the history of these roads within the last ten
years, if they will recollect how legislation
after legislation has been adopted in the pecu-
liar'interest of the holders of the stock of
these roads and the bonds of these roads,
how the credit of the Government has been
made secondary to the interest and credit of
those who really had no interest to be com-
pared with that of the Government and of the
people of the United States in these roads,
they will agree with me when I say there is
nothing in the history of this country that will
show such an extraordinary lavish of favor
upon corporations as is shown in the legis-
lation of Congress in behalf of these roads.
Now, sir, according to the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, the amount of inter-
est paid by the United States on account of
these companies has been $16,570,000, of
which amount these roads have jointly con-
tributed $4,000,000; and, in my judgment,
