1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1547
many of the contracts made by the Supervis-
ing Architect were illegal, unauthorized by
law, and violative of the law. Upon that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] intro-
duced a resolution, with a long preamble,
asking the Secretary of the Treasury to invest-
igate these charges. I moved an amendment
providing that he also be directed to reply,
stating whether the charges I made were true.
Where is his reply 1
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] gets up here and says that the Secre-
tary is satisfied. Is he the authorized organ
of the Secretary of the Treasury? I prefer to
hear the Secretary himself speak, orat least to
see his words. He has made no reply. He
cannot reply except by saying that the charges
I have made were true. He cannot reply with-
out also stating that the denial made last year
as to putting this roofing on new buildings was
false; for since that session we have paid to
A. R. Shepherd a bill for putting the Vaux
patent-roofing upon a building in Chicago,
the marine hospital, a building which you
appropriated money last year and the year
before to " complete," and which you are now
appropriating money to "complete." Your
Secretary of the Treasury cannot answer; that
is the reason he does not. If he replies, he
must say, if he feels bound by the truth and
the record, that every word I said was true.
The facts have been proved before two com-
mittees of this House. Those reports have
been brought to the attention of the Secretary
of the Treasury. More than that, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and the Supervising Archi-
tect have both been sworn in the proceedings
before one committee, and the testimony is as
directly contradicting as some of the testimony
that has been taken lately before another com-
mittee.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by
striking out "$3,000,000" and inserting
"$2,000,000," as the limit of the appro-
priation.
Mr. PLATT. That motion is debatable, I
suppose.
The CHAIRMAN. It is. Does the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Platt] desire to
be heard?
Mr. PLATT. I understand the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. L. Myers] does. I
yield to him.
Mr. L. MYERS. I do not care to detain
the House. I suppose the amendment will be
voted down. The Secretary of the Treasury
recommends this appropriation. It is in pur-
suance of law.
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir ; the Secretary of
the Treasury seems to be in favor of expending
some $16,000,000 annually for public build-
ings.
Mr. L. MYERS. I will say that the amount
to which this appropriation is limited in the
bill is less than the amount that^ has been
expended for similar purposes in the various
large cities. More th&n th&t, the occssionfor
it is shown in the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury. I hope the amendment will be
voted down. .
Mr. HOLMAN. I think an appropriation
of $2,000,000 for the erection of such a build-
ing is as much as justice to the entire coun-
try justifies. I do not see any reason why the
whole country should be taxed forextraordm-
ary magnificence in the erection of public
buildings in our cities. I am willing to vote
for the appropriation of reasonable amounts.
But I do insist that an appropriation of more
than $2,000,000 in this ease would be most
unreasonable and unjust to the entire country.
Mr. L. MYERS. We ask only for one mil-
lion and a half now.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand the ap-
propriation is only for a million and a half?
Mr. L. MYERS. The appropriation now is
only for a million and a half. The site will
cost $1,000,000, and half a million is not too
much to begin the work.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let me call the gentle-
man's attention to the proviso in this para-
graph that the aggregate cost of such site and
building shall not exceed $3,000,000.
Mr. L. MYERS. That is in all, the site
and building when completed.
Mr. HOLM A.N. I propose to limit the cost
of the site and building to $2,000,000, and as
a matter of justice to the country 1 insist this
House ought not to go any further. I do not
believe in vast edifices of colossal proportions
far beyond the business necessities of that city.
I protest against the erection of such buildings.
I believe that such unreasonable public struc-
tures ought not to be imposed upon the tax-
payers of the country.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to say
a word in response to the gentleman. We
passed an act last year appropriating money
for erecting a building and purchasing a site,
limiting the appropriations to a million and a
half of dollars. It was purchasing a site and
erecting a public building in the city of Phila^
delphia. it was then understood the old build
ing and lot could be so extended with this
appropriation as to be made to accommodate
the public offices in that city. The law was
passed and the appropriation made on that
basis. The Secretary of the Treasury in his
report, page 13, states that he appointed a
commissioner which he sent to the city of
Philadelphia to examine into the whole mat-
ter. They received proposals for the sale of
land upon which to erect a building, and they
found ihey could get nothing of sufficient
capacity for such a building in a proper loca-
tion beyond the sum of $925,333 33, a little
less than a million dollars for the site alone.
It was thought best, rather than extend the
old building, to sell that property as soon
as it could be sold and to eiect a new one.
The proceeds of the sale of the old building,
it is believed, will almost make up if not quite
make up for the increase of appropriation here
granted.
Now, if we have to pay a million dollars
for a site on which this building is erected, it
seems to me the appropriation of a million
and a half of dollars is not too much. If the
limitation, however, is too great, of course it
will be cut down, if we limit the appropria-
tion, as the gentleman suggests, to a million
and a half in the aggregate for the purchase
of a site and the erection of these buildings,
in an appropriate location in the city of Phila-
delphia, I do not think we can get such a
structure as will meet the wants of the city.
1 leave the question, however, to the com-
mittee to settle.
The committee then divided ; and there
were—ayes 9, noes 50; no quorum voting.
Mr. L. MYERS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. L. Myers and
Mr. Ho.lman were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 14, noes 100.
So the motion was rejected.
message from the senate.
The committee informally rose, and a mes-
sage was received from the Senate^ by Mr.
Sympson, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had agreed to a com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on a bill (S. No. 686) for
the relief of Horace Tyler.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (H. R. No. 1243) to restore to
the pension-roll Nancy Cloud, widow of Wil-
liam Cloud, a revolutionary pensioner, with
an amendment, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
It further announced that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution (S. R. No. 14)
authorizing the President to invite the inter-
national statistical congress to hold its next
session in the United States ; in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
miscellaneous appkopkiation bill.
The committee then resumed its session.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, I move to
strike out "$3,000,000" and insert " $2,500,-
000." We now propose to appropriate over a
million and a half of dollars for the erection
of this building. I do not believe there is any
gentleman who has examined this subject but
knows this appropriation is exceedingly extrav-
agant at $2,500,000 for the purchase of a site
and the erection of this building. It will in-
volve a quarter of a million of corruption fund.
I say that without hesitation. I say in the pres-
ence of the Representatives of the people here
that these enormous appropriations involve
expenditures which are unwarranted and un-
justifiable expenditures of the public money for
no legitimate purpose. I do not believe we
ought to go on building these immense mag-
nificent structures in our commercial centers.
There is no necessity for them at all. Unless
you cut down the appropriations from a scale
involving an absolute corruption fund to what
is necessary for the public service, you never
will have purity in the administration of the
public funds. Even according to the state-
ment of the chairman of the committee it will
require a million dollars for the purchase of
this site, and a million and a half more to
be expended in the erection of the structure.
I ask, do Philadelphia, New York, and the
other large cities which are to be benefited
by these structures pay a sufficient proportion
of taxation to justify this expenditure ?
Mr. L. MYERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why, sir, the rural dis-
tricts pay vastly more into the Treasury in
proportion to their wealth than the cities.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I have sought the floor to oppose the
amendment, in order that I may call the atten-
tion of the House to one or two facts, which
should be considered in connection with the
charge of extravagance on the public build-
ings of the country. Immediately after the
revolutionary war, when this Government was
organized, when the country had just emerged
from a war, and was much more in debt propor-
tionately than we are now, our fathers appro-
priated for buildings at the capital $2,000,000,
which was one half the entire income of the
General Government at that day, equivalent
now to our appropriating $200,000,000 for
erecting one public building. We were less
than three million people then, with wealth,
in proportion. The richest man of that day
died in the year 1799, worth only $900,000.
Now there are men in this country worth two
and two and a half million dollars.
A Member. Thirty or forty million dollars.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. And our
appropriations do not bear the same propor-
tion to the wealth of the country as the
economical appropriations of the best days of
the Republic.
I desire to say one thing further. In the
old Democratic days—and I have some remem-
brance of those days—we appropriated, I
think, something like $12,000,000 for a cus-
tom-house down in New Orleans; and we
have not got any custom-house there yet.
That was in the days of economy, the best
days of the Republic.
I am not going into any defense of the
Supervising Architect. He has been tried
over and over again in Congress since I have
been here, and has come out unscathed. So
has the Secretary of the Treasury. But I will
say this: that whatever Mr. Mullet's faults
are, he always gives us a public building for
our money, and has it put up in reasonable
time, and pushes his work with energy. He
drives it through, and we have got public
buildings.
And now I will say a word or two as to pub-
