1548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
lie buildings in Philadelphia. That city has
I do not know how many millions of inhab-
itants. I believe it has at least over a million
inhabitants, taking in the suburbs. And what
are $3,000,000 in Philadelphia to $200,000
appropriated for public buildings in some town
in the West of six or eight thousand inhabit-
ants? I do not complain of that. I vote for
it freely. I think the people of Philadelphia
ought to have the public buildings. I do not
think the appropriation extravagant. I think
we ought to own our public buildings every-
where. You take six thousand men in a town
ont on the plains in Illinois, and they require
a public building which costs a quarter of a
million dollars. And here there are more
than a million inhabitants in this city and its
immediate vicinity, being iu fact a part of the
city of Philadelphia; and the appropriation of
$3,000,000 for public buildings for a popula-
tion of one million is certainly not extravagant
when compared with an appropriation of
$250,000 for a public building for a population
of six thousand.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the amend-
ment is exhausted.
Mr. HOLM AN. I withdraw it, that it may
be renewed by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Randall.]
Mr. RANDALL. I renew the amendment
pro forma. I take issue distinctly with the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hoi-wan.] On
yesterday I had occasion to direct the atten-
tion of the House to the amount of money
contributed by two of the revenue districts in
Pennsylvania, one of which I represent on
this floor.^ I stated then that the internal rev-
enue derived from those two districts, not
looking at all to the receipts of the Govern-
ment from customs, was $3,800,000 during
the last year.
And I wish to say to the gentleman from
Indiana that if I feel guilty of any charge, it
is a remissness, as regards the people I rep-
resent, in asking for appropriations of money
for the necessary conduct of public business.
Aud here is one of the plainest cases in the
world. Itis not proposed that this money shall
be expended extravagantly. I will go with the
gentleman in exposing every sort of corruption,
and bringing to light every dollar which is
corruptly expended by any Government offi
cer. At the same time there is a clause in this
paragraph which restricts the expenditures
of the Government to $3,000,000, and I am
further informed that those whose duty it is
to estimate for and to fix the limit as to this
expenditure are of th§ opinion that $3,000,000
will be sufficient. I will stand fast with my
friend froin Indiana [Mr. Holman] now and
henceforth in confining the amount of money
to be expended on this work to $3,000,000.
I will not at any time vote for an excess of this
appropriation such as has been made in the
case of the Boston post office, and which is
about to be made in the case of the New York
post office, thus exceeding the original esti-
mates. I promise the gentleman from Indiana
that I will vote with him in applying the same
restriction in regard to every public building
in the United States.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana I am opposed
to this amendment offered by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Raxdall,] and will
briefly state the reasons.
Mr. RANDALL. I will withdraw the amend-
ment if the gentleman will allow me.
Mr. NIBLACK, of Indiana. No, sir; I
want to discuss it. I am as much opposed,' as
an original question, looking at it in the light
which recent experience has given us, to these
marble palaces as public buildings, as my col-
league, [Mr. Holman,] who offered this amend-
ment in the first instance, can be, or as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has been on
other occasions, if not upon this particular
one. I regret, however, that my two friends
have separated on this question when they
generally agree so well on other occasions.
It is a sad spectacle to me; but as the sepa-
ration is, I know, only temporary, I am con-
soled by that consideration.
Now, the recent fires at Chicago and Boston
have demonstrated one fact very clearly, and
that is that these immense marble buildings
are the least reliable in case of fire; and that
where we look to the power to resist fire,
which is an important element to be con-
sidered, a plain brick building is more sub-
stantial and more reliable than any marble
building, however massive in its proportion
and the thickness of its walls.
I have resolved in my own mind hereafter to
oppose the building of these large and costly
structures. We have started to build such
structures at Boston and New York, and there
is perhaps some reason why we should build
large and handsome buildings in those old and
representative cities, especially at New York,
which is the commercial metropolis of the
United States. Then, following the legisla-
tion of Congress in reference to New York,
came the fire at Chicago, and we, prompted by
our feeling of sympathy, more than a year
since resolved to build a building costing some-
thing like $4,000,000 at the city of Chicago.
Then the city of Philadelphia came forward
and asserted its claim as being one of the
leading cities of the United States and as
containing Independence Hall, and our pat-
riotism being appealed to we concluded to
erect a costly building there. Then, having
done so much for Chicago, we could not well
decline to build a handsome building for St.
Louis. New Orleans and Charleston are
already provided for.
Now I am willing to complete the magnifi-
cent buildings now in course of construction,
but I give notice that while doing so I shall
hereafter oppose the building of any more of
these marble palaces and shall insist on the
policy of building plainer, less expensive, and
more reliable buildings for the public use.
While I support the Committee on Appropri-
ations in this instance, I do it with the ex-
pressed statement that after these buildings
are completed I shall resist any further appro-
priations for the building of marble palaces.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For purchase of the site and commencing con-
struction of the building for the custom-house and
post office at Port Huron, Michigan, $100,000.
Mr. MACINTYRE. I move to insert after
that paragraph the following:
For the purchase of the site and commencing con-
struction of the buildiDg for the custom-house and
post office at Brunswick, Georgia, $25,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I raise the point
ot order that there is no law authorizing that
appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read as follows:
For completion of the building for the custom
house at Portland, Oregon, $76,500.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I offer the following
amendment :
Provided,^hat no part of the money appropriated
by this bill shall be paid for what is known as Vaux's
patent roofing.
That amendment was adopted by the House
a year ago, and I believe it was struck out by
the Senate, or was lost in the committee of
conference. It was said last year that this
Vaux patent roofing was used only for the
repair of old buildings. But evidently the
gentleman who made that statement did not
know anything about the matter. I have in my
possession bills for the putting of this roofiuu
upon new buildings. As I said a little while
ago, a bill has been paid within the lasttwelve
months for putting this roofing npon the ma-
rine hospital building at Chicago, a brand-new
building. So that it is not true that this
patent roofing is used simply for patching old
roofs; it is nothing of the sort.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Was the
whole roof of the marine hospital building
made of this patent roofing 1
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I so understand;
I may be mistaken. I saw the bill for roof-
ing, and it was large enough to cover the
whole building; that is, the bill was large
enough; whether the roof was largo enough,
I do not know.
Now, the method of doing this is in this way:
Shepherd here ostensibly owns the patent, hav-
ing purchased it for $5,000, after which he
made a bargain with the Supervising Architect
to use it on Government buildings and pay
him a royalty. And how is it done ? Shepherd
takes his men and material from Washington,
or perhaps New York, and carries them all
over the United States, charging against the
Government the railroad fare of his laborers.
And in the case of a building out in Des
Moins, Iowa, where a roof was put on two or
three years ago, the railroad fare of the men
amounted to about as much as their wages.
The Government of the United States paid
the railroad fare of men from the city of Wash-
ington to Des Moines to put the roof on that
building, amounting to as much as their wages.
Then on top of that was charged against the
United States, not only all the railroad fare,
all the cost of material and labor, all the
expense for board, &c., but also a royalty for
the use of the patent and then fifteen per
cent, upon the whole bill, by way of profit.
That is the way these men are doing this
thing. That is the way your Government is
being run. It is rottenness here, and rotten-
ness everywhere.
Gentlemen claim that it is a very nice thing
for the Government to build a large marble
building. One gentleman said to me a while
ago that the people did not lose the money
so expended, for it came back to them in
wages to workmen. Not so; I have letters
in my desk from workmen who complain that
instead of getting their wages for their labor
out of the appropriations made by us, the
money is wasted upon favorites here.
Mr. PLATT. May I ask a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Of course, every
man who is in a ring, whether of contracts or
of granite, is in favor of these appropriations.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PLATT. I want to say a word in reply
to the last remark of the gentleman. I say,
having in view the due responsibility for every
word that I use, that if the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] desires to charge
or insinuate that I am iu any way connected
with any ring or contract, he insinuates what
is false, and he lies when he makes any such
statement.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Platt] is out of order.
Mr. PLATT. I arose in all courtesy 
Mr. HOLMAN. [ ask that the words of
the gentleman from Virginia be taken down
iu writing and read from the Clerk's desk.
Mr. PLATT. Let them be taken down,
and let the gentleman hold me responsible for
them where he pleases.
The words were written down by one of the
reporters for the Globe, and read by the Clerk,
as follows:
"I say, having in view the due responsibility for
every word .that I use, that if the gentleman from
Illinois desires to charge or insinuate that I am in
any way connected with any ring or contract, he
insinuates what is false, and he lies when he makes
any such statement.
Mr. PLATT. I do not take anything back
that I have said. I only ask that what pre-
ceded that remark be also taken down.
^LMAN. I call the gentleman to
order, lhe language he has used is out of
order, and highly censurable.
Mr. HOAR. Certainly the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Platt] has the right to have
taken down that to which he replied, to be
considered m connection with what he himself
has said.
