r>84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Januar v 1 J,
case. I leave it with the House, and if it can
by done without public injury I would be glad
to see the ninth section of the act ot" 1871
stricken out.
tflere the hammer fell.]
!r. KENDALL. Mr. Chairman, 1 for one
rejoice to see the country and to see this body
waking at last to the importance of this great
question which is presented before us here
to-day in one of its numberless phases, and
which will continue to agitate the country, and
will, as 1 believe, form a basis for the reform-
ation of the political parties of the United
States.
But to come, Mr. Chairman, directly to the
point: 1 wish to speak here, as the Uepresent-
ative of a young and growing State, of the
great oppression which the people of Nevada
are suftVring. I refer to the extortions and
the oppression of that long line of railway
skirting the entire length of tny State. 1 refer
specifically to the Central Pacific railroad cor-
poration. Let me state what has been given
to that overjprown corporation. In the first
place a donation of land amounting to twenty
alternate sections on each side of their road.
And what more ? The right to issue their
first mortgage bonds for an amount about
equal to $26,000 per mile. And what more?
A direct money subsidy—a gift in money to
the amount of $26,000 per mile. I am aware
that for some sections along the line of this
road the land subsidy is less, while for other
portions of the line it is much greater. But
the average amount of money subsidy is about
$26,000 per mile. Then we allowed them
to issue, as I hare said, their first mort-
gage bonds for a like amonnt. Assuming,
then, that these lands which have been do-
nated to this road are worth the Govern-
ment price, what is their value ? They are
worth, at that low estimate. $32,000 per mile.
Add all these sums together—lands, money,
subsidy, and mortgage bonds—and what have
you ? A donation in aid of this road amount-
ing to upward of $84,000 per mile, for every
mile of track laid by this corporation, extend-
ing from Sacramento to the town of Ogden,
in Utah Territory.
Now, to pursue this statement further, let
me say that this railroad company boldly
proclaims to oar State authorities and to oar
county assessors that it will pay taxes upon
an assessment and valuation—of what, do you
suppose? Forty thousand dollars per mile?
That is the average of the railroads in the
United States. No. Twenty thousand dol-
lars per mile? No. Fifteen thousand dol-
lars? No. The directors of this corporation
boldly and defiantly declare, "We will pay
taxes upon an assessment and valuation of
$6,000 per mile, including our rolling-stock
and telegraph line and all!" Now, suppose
that they agree to pay an assessment of even
so much as $10,000 per mile, what would be j
the assessed valuation of this road extend- :
ing eight hundred and eighty-one miles from
Ogden to Sacramento City? Multiply that
number of miles by ten thousand and you
have as the valuation upon which the corpora-
tion will condescend to pay taxes $8,810,000
only; while,as 1 have shown, it has received
directly and indirectly from the Government— !
from the people, rather—upward of $84,000
per mile; or, for the whole distance of eight
hundred and eighty-one miles, more than
$74,000,000! And, pursuing this argument by
these simple statements a little further, what
are the profits of this road? I read from
Poore's Manual an extract from their own
financial statement, as follows: "Gross earn-
ings of the road, $7,920,710 98; oper-
ating expenses, $4,060,664 865 net earnings,
$3,860,146 08," for the year ending Decem-
ber 81, 1870!
I have to state this in brief, because in the
time to which I am limited it is impossible to
go into a detailed argument. I merely state
the salient points of the subject. But, putting
together these items of the account to which
I have referred, I say it is with a poor grace
that gentlemen complain that this legislation
would be an act of bad faith. Why, what
says the eighteenth section of their charter?
II says:
" be it further enacted. That whenevor It ap-
pears that the net earning* of the entire road and
telegraph, including the amount allowed for ser-
vices rendered for tbe United States, alter doduoting
all expenditures, including repaint, ami the furnish-
ing, running, and managing of said road, shall ex-
ceed ten peroeut. upon its eottt, exclusive of the five
per cent, to be paid to the United States, Cougreas
may reduce the rates of fare thereon, if unreason-
able in amount, and may fix and establish the same
by law. And the better to aooomplisli tbe object of
this aet, namely, to promote the publio interest and
welfare by tho construction of said railroad and
telegraph line, and keeping the game in working
onler, and to secure to the Government at ail times
(but particularly iu tiuie of war) tho uso and benefits
of the same for postal, military, and other purposes,
Conpress may, at any time, having due regard for
tho rights of said companies nameoP'berein, add to,
alter, amend, or repeal this act."
Now, I say, Mr. Chairman, that it is the
right of Congress to step in here between the
people, who are suffering from the extortions
of this overgrown corporation, and say that
they shall go no farther. I propose, hereafter,
when it can be properly done, to bring in a
bill before the House to regulate the matter
of freights and fares on this road. For the
present I am glad of the opportunity here to
speak upon a topic that is eognate to the grand
and overshadowing question of tbe extortions
of these great interstate railroads.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COGHLAN. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to say one or two words upon this question,
and only very few. It is 9 singular thing to
me to find able members of this House, espe-
cially upon that side of the House which has
been most strenuous and clamorous during
tbe last twelve years in claiming that all ques-
tions should be left to the courts, and in oppos-
ing any action by Congress upon anything
which could be construed as a question of
law, now rising in this House, in obedience to
what tliey suppose to be the popular feeling
and tbe popular will, and claiming that a
great question of law as important as this is
shoula be decided by a political body instead
of by the courts of the country. It is still
more astonishing to me to find a member of
this House from one of the States of the Pacific
coast, a member of this House from a State
which has been built up by these railroads,
and which but for them would to-day be a
howling wilderness, without a single inhabitant
except perhaps immediately around some of
their richest lodes, lighting against a proposi-
tion to allow these great companies to have the
right to go into the courts of the United States
and have the question there decided whether
they owe the Government of the United States
any money or not It is more astonishing
still to find that member making this fight here
to-day against corporations, as he calls them,
and in favor of the people—although I claim
that the members of this corporation are a
part of the people of these united States—
when I know that he is earnestly to-day en-
deavoring to pass a bill through this House
subsidizing another great local entorprise in
his own State.
Sir, he is fighting against this corporation
because he believes that the people are fight-
ing against it. Let me tell gentlemen that
the people of these United States, although
they are opposed to encroachments by corpora-
tions, are not fighting for injustice toward
any individuals or set of men. I tell them
that the people do not ask that you here, a
political body, shall decide these legal ques-
tions between them and these corporations, or
between them and any individuals. They
only ask that justice shall be done, and that is
all that the opponents of this amendment of
the gentleman from New Hampshire ask of
you here to-day. They have only to put into
this bill an amendment which will allow the
courts to decide whether or not these corpora-
tions or parties owe the people any money at
all. And yet it is contended, and contended
strongly and vehemently on one side of the
House, that no matter whether they owe any
money or not, we shall decide in this llouso
to do away with the legislation under whicJi
these roads were built; do away even with tho
legislation passed by Congress iu 1871 con-
struing the act of 1864, by that means making
these corporations pay twice the amount re-
quired by law, or rather keeping back from
them the whole compensation earned by them
for carrying stores and munitions of war of
the United States, when Congress itself con-
strued the act to mean that half of that com-
pensation should be paid to them. I say,
gentlemen, that although I will vote as vigor-
ously and as earnestly as any member of this
House for the passage of any bill which I con-
ceive to be just and right to secure anything
which I believe the people demand from these
corporations, I do not believe that it is de-
manded by any portion of the people of the
United States that these great corporations,
which constructed this road across the con-
tinent, shall be deprived of any of the just
rights given them by the laws of Congress.
We do not ask that you shall decide what
that right is. It is not asked by the oppo-
nents of this amendment that you shall decide
in this House how much or how little that
company may owe to tbe Government. All
that is asked of you is the justice and the right
of allowing these corporations to go, as any
individual may do, into the courtsoftbe United
States, and have those courts decide how
much or how little thev may owe to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and then they
are willing to pay that amount to the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Mr. HOLM AN. Allow me to ask the gen-
tleman this question: when this ninth section -
was pending in the Senate the proposition was
made to refer this question to the courts, and
the friends of the measure voted down that
proposition. How did that happen, if they were
so willing to refer this question to the courts ?
Mr. COGHLAN. I will say to gentlemen
here that the proposition was made to this
House yesterday not only to allow this question
to go to the courts but to enforce that action
upon the proper officers of the United States;
and the gentleman himself, under the rules,
by a single objection prevented even the con-
sideration of that question.
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes; but tbe question I put
was thiswhen they had the power to refer
this question to the courts why did they vote
against such a proposition ? It is now proposed
to refer this question to the Attorney General.
But the fact is that the Senate voted against
referring it to the courts. The Attorney Gen-
eral as Senator voted for the ninth section as
it now stands.
Mr. COGHLAN. I say that we are not
responsible in this House for what the Senate
may have done in this matter. I do not think
the gentleman himself is responsible for what
those on his side in this House may do. Neither
are we responsible on this side for what may
be done. We only know what has taken place
in this House. We only know that a fair prop-
osition was made to leave this question to the
courts of the country; and the friends of the
pending amendment, by a simple objection,
kept out any such proposition, and would not
even allow 11s the poor privilege of having a
vote of the House ttpon the question whether
or not suits should be instituted against these
companies.
_Mr. HOLMAN, The gentleman and his
friends, in the first instance, would not allow
this amendment to be offered to this bill.
Mr. COGHLAN. Now, although I disclaim
any desire to impute any such intention on the
part of any of those gentlemen, it does look as
though there was a desire to close all avenues
by which anything can be done against the
