1550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Mr. RANDALL. I should like the bill to
be read, and I also claim the privilege when
it comes up for consideration to offer an
amendment.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I do not know
that I will have any objection to admitting the
gentleman's amendment. But I would not
wish to make any arrangement as to that.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] desire to take
the bill out of the charge of the committee?
Mr. RANDALL. Doesthegentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] propose to take
charge of it?
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest to my dis-
tinguished friend from Pennsylvania that I
would leave the management of the bill in
charge of the committee.
Mr. RANDALL. I propose to have the
privilege, if I can, of offering an amendment.
And I again ask if I will have that privilege?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
the question of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. The bill when recommitted will not be
before the House.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I decline making
any arrangements as to amendments.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I give notice, if
that will have any salutary effect, that I pro-
pose to offer an amendment.
Mr. SARGENT. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read.
Mr. SWANN. I present a minority report,
and desire to have it printed and recommitted.
The bill and accompanying report, together
with the report of the minority, were ordered
to be printed and recommitted to the commit-
tee, and also to be printed in the Globe. [See
Appendix.]
frederick and pennsylvania railroad.
Mr. RITCHIE, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 4032) to authorize
the extension, construction, and use of the
road of the Frederick and Pennsylvania Rail-
road Company into and within the District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
death of hon. t j. spekr.
Mr. WHITELEY. Mr. Speaker, we have
been twice called upon daring the present ses-
sion to mourn the death of members of the
Forty-Second Congress. Garrett Davis, of
Kentucky, full of years and of honors, after
over a quarter of a century spent in public
life, has ceased his labors as a Senator in the
arms of Death.
This House has learned that one for whom
all entertained feelings of attachment and
respect, and who was with us at the close of
last session, has, during the interval between
the two sessions, ceased the struggle of life and
passed into the calm and quiet of eternity.
Connecticut has lost one she loved; and Julius
L. Strong rests in peace on the other shore.
Twice reminded in one short session of the
uncertainty of life, it becomes my sad duty to
add to the admonition and to announce to the
House that during the same interval that has
witnessed the death of the sons of Kentucky
and Connecticut has also witnessed the entry
of the tell destroyer into the delegation from
the State I have the honor in part to represent.
Another member of the Forty-Second Con-
gress has fallen, one who came among you at
its organization, who was with you atthe close
of the last session, and who then separated
from you, bouyant in the hope of again meet
i tig you as colaborers in the important work
of national legislation.
But hope, honors, everything falls before
the inexorable decrees of death, teaching
that, however unequal we may be in the enjoy-
ment and possession of what the World prizes,
in death we all have a common heritage.
Thomas Jefferson Speer, late a Represent-
ative in this House from the fourth congres-
sional district of Georgia, died at his home
near Barnesville, Georgia, on the 18th day of
August, 1872. On the 15th he was suddenly
taken with acute inflammation of the stomach,
and after three days of suffering expired. He
met death in the bosom of his family, in the
midst of relatives and friends, and near the
scenes where he had passed the years of his
youth and grown to the vigor of manhood.
In the maturity of life he was blessed with
the associations and friendships of his earlier
years, and in death he bad the comfort that
comes from the consciousness that his last
hours were to be spent at home with those
who bad known him from childhood. If
it be hard to die; to leave friends, home,
everything—must it not be comparatively wel-
come when it comes to us at home, surrounded
by all we love, all we live for ? If so our
deceased friend was no less fortunate in death
than in life.
Thomas Jefferson Speer was born in Mun-
roe county, Georgia, on the 31st of August,
1837. His father, Linn Speer, was one of the
first settlers of Pike county, while his mother,
who was a Miss Wilson, was from the adjoin-
ing county of Mnnroe. His parents engaged
in the culture of the soil in early life, and were
characterized by the simplicity and hospitality
which is so general in that section of the
State.
In the midst of such associations and influ-
ences young Speer. was reared, and at the
schools in the neighborhood he received the
elements of a plain English education. The
son of industrious parents, he was taught in
early life to till the soil, and at a later period,
when he had acquired a limited education,
was introduced to mercantile pursuits as a
clerk in a mercantile establishment.
This double experience not only taught
him the value ot industry, but it impressed him
with a respect for labor, and prepared him for
that genuine sympathy for the masses which
characterized his after life. With such train-
ing the deceased was enabled to enter life
with practical ideas of its respo nsibilities and
duties, and to this we may in truth attribute
whatever of success marked his career.
His industry in early life was made of sub-
stantial value to him by reason of his tem-
perate habits, which, added to a reasonable
economy, enabled him to amass sufficient
means to commence business on his own ac-
count early after his majority.
It appears that he continued the culture of
the soil, and at the same time engaged in
mercantile pursuits, bringing into practical
use the lessons of his youth on the farm and
the experience of his maturer years in his
mercantile business.
As a merchant he had a fine opportunity to
not only extend his acquaintance with the
people, but it also afforded him an opportunity
to study human character, a knowledge of
which is essential to a public servant, and was
possessed by him in an eminent degree.
The deceased was elected, soon after his
majority, by those with and among whom he
had grown up to manhood to exercise judi-
cial powers, and administer, in an humble way,
the civil and criminal law.
The honesty and impartiality with which he
discharged the duties of his office so impressed
all who were interested that he was not only
reelected at the close of his first term, but his
character for a prompt, fearless discharge of
duty secured him the support and confidence
of a more extended constituency, and in 1865
we find him a judge of the inferior court of
Pike county.
In this position he was enabled to extend the
sphere of his usefullness, and, by a strict and
honest discharge of duty, to not only render
important public Service to those who had
confided in him, but also to farther strengthen
himself in the affections of the people.
The great issue of reconstruction found him
on the bench of the inferior court; and, with
coolness and determination, he at once en-
gaged in the conflict. A native Georgian, in
the midst of those who had known him from
childhood, almost in sight.of the fields where
he had sported in youth, he could not re-
main indifferent to the fate that awaited his
State in the keeping of those who contended
that military rule itself was to be preferred to
civil government on the basis of equal rights.
And now, for the first time in the life of the
deceased, did he appear as the champion of a
cause and on a theater of action worthy of
the noblest effort. He found himself in the
very midst of two distinct races, the one fa-
vored for a century as a superior race, and
educated to feel and maintain its superiority ;
the other degraded from their birth, denied
all the advantages of education, poor and
dependent—mere machines, in the past, to
do their masters' bidding.
His own race, remembering their superior-
ity and doubtful of the ability of those who
were just released from slavery to discharge
the important duties incident to American
citizenship united with a unanimity unpre-
cedented to oppose restoration on the terms
of equality before the law; while the eman-
cipated race, relying on the wisdom of Prov-
idence and accepting the marvelous works
they had witnessed as His work, with feeling
such as can only fill the bosom of a people
circumstanced as they had been in the past,
with a unanimity in accord with their suffer-
ings and aspirations, rejoiced at the sign of
deliverance, and hailed the terms of reconstruc-
tion as the natural result of emancipation.
It has been truly said that first impressions
are difficult to eradicate, and we have another
evidence of the fact in the life of the deceased
at this eventful moment. The son of Union
parents, he had in boyhood been taught to
love the Union, and though in the midst of
the passions, folly, and madness that ruled the
period of war and bloodshed the teaching of
his youth may have been smothered, the
moment the second sober thought had time to
return he realized the folly by which he had
been surrounded and the blessings dependent
on immediate restoration. Nor was this all
restoration with him, was it a restoration in
the broadest sense of the term, one of heart
and soul, one that carried him back in memory
and attachment to the time when he was first
taught to love the symbol of the nation, and
when our common Union was the pride of
every citizen.
Did I stop here I should fail to do him jus-
tice, for a realization of the blessings to follow
restoration and a return in feeling toward a
common Union were but a part of the revo-
lution effected in his mind and illustrated in
his conduct.
The great basis of restoration was equality
of rights, and this equality was intended to
apply equally to all. The national voice, fol-
lowing rapidly in the wake of emancipation,
demanded that this equality should be a real
living reality.
Educated in the midst of slavery, and a
slaveholder, the deceased was called upon to
do more than to consent to restoration; the
Union as it was, with emancipation, could be
accepted by all who had heretofore controlled
the destinies of Georgia, but the Union as it
was to be under the amended Constitution
was at that time acceptable to but a small
minority of those to whom I have referred.
"The brightest jewel in the crown of the
deceased is that he was one of that minority,
and that in that eventful hour his voice gave
no uncertain sound in behalf of the great inci-
dents of freedom, but was heard and under-
stood, in spite of calumny, intolerance, and
proscription, in favor of the wisdom of eman-
cipation and the legal and political equality of
both races.
The reconstruction issue may be said to have
truly developed the character of the deceased,
and to have practically illustrated his convic-
