250
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
to be by him selected within the Indian terri-
tory, west of the ninety-sixth degree of west
longitude ; and to provide for their subsistence
until they are sufficiently established therein,
and are able to provide for themselves; and
to provide for the removal and most urgent
necessities of the Kansas Indians, twenty-five
thousand dollars, said amount to be reimbursed
from the proceeds of the sale of their lands in
the State of Kansas.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to be expended in the erection
of agency buildings on the Malheur Indian
reservation in Oregon, and in the purchase of
goods, subsistence, stores, &c., for the Indians
that may be collected on said reservation ;
also for breaking land and instructing the In-
dians in agricultural and mechanical pursuits,
providing employ6s, educating children, pro-
curing medicine and medical attendance, care
for and support of the aged, siek, and infirm,
for the helpless orphans of said Indians, or in
any other respect to promote their civilization,
comfort, and improvement, fifty thousand dol-
lars.
So much of the act entitled "An act making
provision for the civilization of the Indian
tribes adjoining the frontier settlements," ap-
proved March third, eighteen hundred and
nineteen, as provides an annual appropriation
of ten thousand dollars, be, and the same
hereby is, repealed.
The sum of five thousand dollars, appro-
priated by act of May twenty-ninth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, for the erection of
a building at New Boggy Depot, Indian terri-
tory, to be used as an office for the Indian
agent for the Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians,
maybe used either for the erection or the pur-
chase, at the discretion of the Secretary of the
Interior, of buildings for agency purposes at
"the place designated: Provided, That the sev-
eral appropriations herein made for teachers,
millers, blacksmiths, engineers, carpenters,
physicians, and other persons, and for various
articles provided for by treaty stipulation, may
be diverted to other uses for the benefit of the
various Indian tribes, within the discretion of
the President, and with the consent of said
tribes expressed in the usual manner; and that
lie cause report to be made to Congress, at its
next session thereafter, of his action under
this provision.
Interest on Trust-Fund Stocks.
For payment of interest on certain abstracted
and non-paying State stocks belonging to vari-
ous Indian tribes, (and held in trust by the
Secretary of the Interior,) for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-three, namely:
For interest on the Cherokee national fund,
thirty-two thousand four hundred and eighty
dollars.
For interest on the Cherokee school fund,
two thousand three hundred and fifty dollars.
For interest on the Chickasaw national fund,
fifteen thousand one hundred and forty dol-
lars.
For interest on the Chickasaw incompe-
tents' fund, one hundred dollars.
For interest on the Choctaw general fund,
twenty-seven thousand dollars.
For interest on the Creek orphans' fund, four
thousand and forty-eight dollars.
For interest on the Delaware general fund,
eight thousand nine hundred and thirty dol-
lars.
For interest on the Iowas' fund, three thou-
sand one hundred and sixty dollars.
For interest on the Kaskaskias', Weas', Pe-
orias', and Piankeshaws' fund four thousand
and eighty-one dollars.
For interest on the Kaskaskias', Weas', Pe-
orias', and Piankeshaws' school fund, one
thousand four hundred and forty-nine dollars.
For interest on the Menomonees' fund, nine
hundred and fifty dollars.
For interest on the Otlawas' and Chippe-
was' fund, two hundred and thirty dollars.
For interest on the Pottawatomies' educa-
tional fund, three thousand three hundred and
fifty dollars.
For contingent expenses of trust funds, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Interior
be, and he is hereby, authorized to sell the
bonds now held in trust by him for the Ottawa
Indians of Blanchard's Fork and Koche de
Boeuf, amounting to twenty-one thousand six
hundred and seventy-four dollars and forty-
eight cents, and apply the proceeds of the sale
in the manner prescribed by the terms of the
sixteenth article of the treaty with the Senecas
and other tribes of February twenty-third,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
Sec. 3. That all authority now existing by
the acts of March second, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, and March third, eighteen hun-
dred and soventy-one, or otherwise, to issue
or deliver any bonds of the United States to
the Choctaw tribe rf Indians, is hereby sus-
pended until the further action of Congress in
the matter, and providing for such issue or
delivery.
Sec. 4. That there shall be set apart from-
the funds belonging to the Cherokee nation,
on the proper order of the national council,
thesum of one hundred thousand dollars from
the proceeds of lands sold to the Osages, to
be set apart, and eighty thousand dollars
thereof to be invested as part of the orphan
fund, and twenty thousand dollars to be ex-
pended for buildings and other improvements
deemed necessary for the benefit of the insti-
tution for the Orphans ; the sum of one hun-
dred thousand dollars from the proceeds of
the strip of land in Kansas to be sel apart for
an asylum for the insane, deaf and dumb,
blind, and indigent persons of the Cherokee
nation, seventy-five thousand dollars of said
amount to be invested as a separate fund, and
its interest semi-annually applied to the sup
port of said institution, the remaining twenty
five thousand dollars to be expended for its
establishment; the sum of seventy-five thou-
sand dollars from the proceeds of the sale of
lands to the Great and Little Osages, to be
expended for the establishment of a literary
institution for the education of indigent per-
sons of said nation, under such rules and reg-
ulations as the national council of the Chero-
kees may prescribe.
Sec. 5. That the proceeds of the sales of
lands belonging to the Kickapoo Indians, in
the State of Kansas, in pursuance of the fifth
article of the treaty of May twenty-eighth, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-three, now
invested or in the custody of the Secretary of
the Interior, shall be retained by the Secre-
tary of" the Interior as a permanent trust-fund,
on which shall be paid to said Indians, semi-
annually, interest at the rate of five per centum
per annum: Provided, That the consent of
said Indians shall first be given to the fore-
going provision.
Sec. 6. That there shall be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of
theSenate,asufficientnumberofIndian inspect-
ors, not exceeding five in number, to perform
the duties herein required. Each inspector shall
hold his office for four years,'unless sooner re-
moved by the President, and he shall receive
an annual salary of three thousand dollars and
his necessary traveling expenses, not exceed-
ing ten cents a mile for actual travel whilein
the discharge of his duty, a statement of which
expenses as to each inspector shall accompany
the annual report of the Secretary of the In-
terior. Each Indian supcrintendency and
agency shall be visited and examined as .often
as twice a year by one or more of the inspect-
ors. Such examination shall extend to a "full
investigation of all matters pertaining to the
business of the superintendency or agency, in-
cluding an examination of accounts, the man-
ner of expending money, the numberof Indians
provided for, contracts of all kinds connected
with the business, thecondition of the Indians,
their advancement in civilization, the extent
of the reservations, and what use is made of
the land set apart for that purpose, and, gen-
erally, all matters pertaining to the Indian ser-
vice. For the purpose of making such invest-
igations, each inspector shall have power to
examine all books, papers, and vouchers, to
administer oaths, and to examine on oath all
officers and persons employed in the superin-
tendency or agency, and all such other persons
as he may deem necessary or proper. The in-
spectors, or any one of them, shall have power
to suspend any superintendent or agent or em-
ploye, and to designate some person in his
place temporarily, subject to the approval of
the President,,, making immediate report of
such suspension and designation ; and, upon
the conclusion of each examination^ a report
shall be forwarded to the President without de-
lay. The inspectors, in the discharge of their
duties, jointly and individually, shall have
power, by proper legal proceedings, which it
shall be the duty of the district attorney of the
United States for the appropriate district duly
to effectuate, to enforce the laws, and to pre-
vent the violation of law in the administration
of affairs in the several agencies and superin-
tendencies. So far as practicable, the exam-
inations of the agencies and superintendencies
shall be made alternately by different inspect-
ors, so that the same agency or superintend-
ency may not be examined twice in succession
by the same inspector or inspectors : Provided,
That after the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-three, the offices of four of
the superintendents of Indian affairs, and of
the clerks of such superintendents are hereby
abolished, and the amount hereinbefore appro-
priated for salaries of said officers, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, is hereby appro-
priated to pay the salaries and traveling ex-
penses of said inspectors, and the President
may assign the remaining four superintendents
to jurisdiction over such agencies as he may
deem proper, or, in his discretion, dispense
with any, or all, of the said superintendents
and their clerks: Provided, That there shall
not be paid or allowed to any person whatever
any fees or reward for services in connection
with the subject-matter referred to in the third
section of this act, either on account of the
United States, or of the Choctaws, until fur-
ther action of Congress in the matter, and
providing for such allowance and payment.
Sec. 7. That whenever by the terms of this
act the issue of food, clothing, or supplies .of
any kind is provided for, it shall be the duty
of the agent or commissioner issuing the same,
at such issue thereof, whether it be both of
food and clothing, or either of them, or of
any kind of supplies, to report to the Indian
Bureau the number of Indians present and
actually receiving the same; said reports to be
embodied by the Indian Commissioner in his
annual report.
Approved, February 14, 1873.
Ciiap. CXLYII.—An Act to readjust the west-
ern Boundary of Dakota Territory.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all that portion of
Dakota Territory lying west of the one hun-
dred and eleventh meridian of longitude
which, by an erroneous definition of the bound-
aries of said Territory by a former act of Con-
gress, remains detached and distant from Da-'
kota proper some two hundred miles, .be, and
