1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1551
tions as to the policy to be pursued toward the
weaker race and the Government of the Union,
and resulted in his election as a delegate to
the State constitutional convention in 1867.
In that body he illustrated his faith by his
works, supporting all the changes in the fun-
damental law of the State intended to remove
the shackles of the past, and necessary to in-
augurate the new era of freedom, and firmly
opposing all efforts to incorporate therein the
badges of an institution peculiar to his State
and section.
The deceased then saw what all must yet
recognize, that the prosperity of his State and
section depended upon the content of both
races, and that such content could be secured
by no other means than that equality before
the law which makes alike free to all life, lib-
erty, honors, and the pursuit of happiness.
Such sentiments secured his election to the
senatorial branch of the General Assembly of
Georgia in 1868, and in thi3 sphere of action
the deceased further increased the confidence
of his constituents in his honest devotion to
the principles of restoration.
While a member of the senate, he was in
1870 married to Miss Lucy Cauthron, daughter
of John Cauthron, esq., of Pike county, Geor-
gia, and in a few weeks thereafter was elected
to the Forty-Second Congress. In this body,
though a new member, he was soon known by
all and liked by all. His attention to the wants
of his constituents was proverbial, white his
goodness of heart made him the active friend
of all who were in trouble or want.
Honest, decided, and industrious, although
without the gifts which some possess, he was in
fact a faithful Representative. I first met the
deceased in the State constitutional conven-
tion in December, 1867. From that period I
have known him intimately in both the public
and private walks of life. His activity from
the hour he entered the convention was
marked and his influence beneficial.
He was peculiarly favored in his intercourse
with those who during that stormy period were
resisting the progress of events, and at all
times seemed to have their confidence and
good will. He was a good son, a devoted
husband, a true friend, and an honorable oppo-
nent. He leaves behind him an affectionate
wife who in loneliness mourns his loss; an
aged mother, who rejoiced in the eminence to
which he had attained j and relations and
friends who, whatever their political opinions,
have ever accorded him purity in public life.
A Georgian by birth, education, and asso-
ciations, he was also au American, and in his
love of State and section did not forget that
important fact. The fires that kindled the late
war ; the passions that arrayed section against
section ; the sad memories of the past to which
so many cling with fatal tenacity; the misfor-
tunes that have impoverished and depressed
so many thousands, were to him in fact things
of the past. His faith in the American people,
institutions, and progress, his sympathy for the
toiling masses, and above all his faith in an
all-wise Providence, led him to look not be-
hind, but forward ; to doubt not, but move
onward as the first duty to self and country.
In this spirit he accepted restoration on the
basis of equality of rights, conceded justice
to and demanded protection for the ignorant
and the weak, and last, though not least,
illustrated in word and acta real reconciliation,
in the consciousness of error committed and
in a renewed heartfelt devotion to flag and
country
The humble son of worthy parents, he at-
tained to an eminence sought by many but
gained by few, and now sleeps his last sleep
where the passer by, forgetting the strife and
contentions of life, will remember only the
warm-hearted, generous being who while in
life could not do too much for a friend, and
whose heart ever rejoiced in being reconciled
to an enemy.
Mr. Speaker, I move the adoption of the
following resolutions:
!, That this House has heard with sincere
regret of the death of Hon. Thomas Jefferson
Speer, late a Representative in this House from the
Fourth Congressional District of Georgia.
Resolved, That, as a testimony of respect to the
memory of the deceased, the officers and members
of this House will wear the usual badge of mourn-
ing for a period of thirty days.
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House transmit a
copy of these resolutions to the family of the de
ceased.
Resolved, That the House, as a further mark of
reSDect for the deceased, now adjourn.
_ Mr. BECK, of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, in
rising to second the resolutions of my col-
league, I will remark that my acquaintance
with the late Hon. Thomas J. Speer, my imme-
diate predecessor, whom death removed, as a
member of this body, on the 18th day of
August, 1872, dates principally from the time
he entered public life. Although we resided
in adjoining counties, our pursuits being di-
verse, I had known but little of him until
after he was elected a member of the con-
stitutional convention of his State. From my
knowledge of him I can add my testimony to
that of my colleague's in paying tribute to
those traits in his character that caused him
to grow in the respect and esteem of those
who knew him best.
He exemplified, both in his social inter-
course and official character, that genial and
obliging disposition which commended him to
the esteem and friendship of those with whom
business or pleasure brought him in contact.
He was ever ready to serve those of his peo-
ple who asked his services, without any refer-
ence to party affiliation, regarding himself
not simply as the representative of the party
who elected him, but as the public servant
of the whole people of his district and State.
Thus he was industrious in attention to the
private interests of his people connected with
the bureaus of the various Departments of the
Government. In this way oftentimes he made
himself very useful, and in the kind offices he
rendered those remote from the capital he
commended himself to their gratitude and
esteem.
As a member of this House he was tolerant
in his political views, steadily opposing any
prescriptive policy advocated by the extreme.
men of his party that had for its object the
political ostracism of the people of his section.
Hence he was active in his efforts to induce
Congress to remove the political disabilities
of those who were under the ban of proscrip-
tion in his State.
While candor compels me to say that I con-
demn that policy toward his people and State
adverted to by my colleague, [Mr. Whiteley,]
with which he identified himself as a member
of the Republican party, yet it is not for me
to question either the honesty of his intentions
or the purity of his motives in thus separating
himself from what I believed to be the true
interest of his State.
In what respect he may have failed in the
estimation of any in fulfilling the honored
mission to which he had been assigned by the
voice of his party, or how little he may have
been in accord with the true sentiment of
the people of his State in the policy he favored
toward the people of the South, those kind-
lier characteristics which he illustrated, both
in his public life as well as in his private
intercourse, will cause to be remembered his
virtues alone, and will throw the mantle of a
broad charity over whatever of defects or fail-
ures in his character and life as may be as-
cribed by that uncharitable spirit that fails to
remember that fallibility is the heritage of our
common humanity.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, I desire to add
a few remarks by way of tribute to the mem-
ory of Thomas J. Speer, my late colleague
from the fourth district of Georgia. My
personal acquaintance with him began in the
gloomy days of reconstruction in 1868, when
we were both members of the General Assem-
bly of the State of Georgia. We belonged to
two different political parties, and have since
that time remained separate in politics ; but
I am unwilling at this time, when the occasion
for all differences has passed away, to with-
hold from him the praise of honesty of pur-
pose, and a sincere desire to see the whole
people restored to peace, happiness, and
prosperity. In connecting himself with the
Republican party of the country he naturally
antagonized the majority of the white people
of his State, and thus severed himself from a
host of life-long friends. Through much
political rancor and aspersion he yet re-
tained the personal friendship 6f many who
differed with him politically, and although
they did not vote for him, still were heard to
say that " they were willing to risk him where-
ever the interests of our State were involved."
His manners were so frank, his nature so
generous and confiding, it was a thing next
to impossible to dislike Tom Speer, as those
who knew him well always called him.
He was not a genius, neither was he bril-
liant ; but his untiring energy and industry
made him successful. He possessed a won-
derful knowledge of men and of human events.
I have rarely, if ever, found him mistaken in
his recollection of facts, either as to men or to
events. But no trait of his character stands
out so prominently as the one which bound
men to him and made them forget his faults—
faults which assimilated him to the rest of
mankind—and that was his never-ceasing
efforts to aid and help others. It was doubt-
less owing to his daily unremitting labors here,
in all the Departments of the Government, in
behalf of his constituents of both political par-
ties, that accelerated his death. He has on
many occasions, after hours of walking and
toiling in the various departmental bureaus,
in behalf of some of the humblest of his con-
stituents, visited me at my own room, and
almost exhausted thrown himself ou my bed
to rest. One great desire of his was that he
might live to see all political strife in Georgia
at an end, and that his native State might be
restored to her wonted prosperity.
Although differing widely as we did on most
political questions, we were yet accustomed to
speaking with each other in the spirit of con-
fidence and fraternal friendship. His views
of national political questions for the past four
years were, as he has assured me, more the
result of instinct than from reason and invest-
igation. His judgment satisfied him that his
course, and that of others who thought like
him, would in the end be the safest for the
South. Whether right or wrong in this, now
is not the occasion to determine, but it shows
that even in his instincts he was actuated by a
strong love of his native section, and a desire
for its safety.
Many poor and humble people will recollect
him and bless his memory for his many disin-
terested kindnesses. Many who differed with
him politically will not be unmindful of the
efforts he made to remove from them the
political disabilities under which they labored,
and to restore them once more to the confidence
of the Government.
I do not know whether in the last months of
his life he connected himself with a Christian
church or not. But of this I am assured, that
before he left this Hall he was admonished that
death had cast its shadow in his path; and in
conversing with me on the subject of death,
and the temporal arrangements he had made
for his family, he expressed many regrets for
the • misapplied portion of his life, and that
were he allowed to live it over again he might
be still more useful to his fellow-man. How-
ever glaring his faults were, they were in a
great measure lost sight of in the contempla-
tion of'his many sterling virtues. I trust that
