1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
The letter is as follows:
Salem, January 11,1873.
Dkar Pie : I noticed in the Boston Daily Adver-
tiser of this morning your remarks in regard toG.
li. Lamar's claim tor cotton. I hope and trust you
luny silt this claim thoroughly. It is fraudulent and
nulmut foundation. I notice that Mr. Young, of i
Georgia, says G. B. Lamar was not the blockade-
running Lamar. He was the chief, the head and
front ol the offending; president and managerof the
exporting and importing company—a blockade-run-
ning company—owning and chartering many steam-
ers. Charles Lamar, who was killed near the close
of the war, was interested iu the business also, act-
niK as an agentof the company in England for many
months. When I seised Lamar's boofcs and papers
tor attempted bribery of the Treasury agent I went
through the letter, books, and a vast mass of papers
and letters of the ooncern. They were persistent
blockade-runners. Lamar the elder, (I never knew
the son,) is aman of wonderful ability and determin-
ation, and in my judgment was of more assistance
to the rebel cause than any mere military man.
He made the attempt to bribe me, but found the
wrong man. I arrested him. He was tried by court-
martial, found guilty, and sentenced to three year's
imprisonment and $25,000 fine. It was forwarded to
Washington, and Mr. Johnson let the old man off.
I coula give you much information about this and
other like claims. There were terrible frauds in this
cotton business, and not altogether confined to the
rebels.
In regard to the reliance of any statements I may
make I would refer you to Chief Justice Chase,
Secretary Boutwell, or either of the Massachusetts
Senators.
The document I inclose is a copy of one found
among Lamar's papers when they were seized by my
order.
Your obedient servant,
ALBERT G. BROWNE.
Hon. Horace B. Smith, M. C.
G. B. Lamar's apology for himself, found among his
papers which were seized at Savannah in Novem-
ber, 1865.
It is well known that I was residing in the city of
New York when secession took place, consequently
could have had no participation in the measures
leading to its adoption. I had been of the nullifi-
cation party from 1830, and consequently had been
opposed to the doctrine of secession, a doctrine then
professed by those who opposed nullification, as in
1830 and 1861 was the doctrine of cooperation by
those who opposed secession. I had always consid-
ered the Union under the Constitution as a boon of
great value to all the States, and I therefore pre-
ferred nullification as the rightful remedy for all
unconstitutional enactments of Congress or the
Executive—a right of each State to resist any law
she in her sovereign convention called for the pur-
pose might deem to be such, confining her resistance
to her own territorial limits, and leaving the other
States to obey or resist as they might deem proper.
These doctrines properly understood would demon-
strate that nullification was a conservative prin-
ciple, maintaining the Uuion of the States, and
consequently an abrogation of the Federal Govern-
ment. •
But I had resided in the North fourteen years, and
had witnessed the growing spirit of encroachment
by their constantly increasing majority in Congress
upon the rights of the South, especially against
Blavery, of which the people knew as little as they
possessed the right to interfere with it in anydegree,
and that the Constitution had ceased to be generally
regarded, but every subject was to be accorded to the
majority of the people or of Congress; that the
Government had ceased to be one of constitutional
restrictions to protect the minority, but had become
to all practical purposes to be an unlimited and un-
refined representative democracy, stimulated and
led on by the malignant prejudices and hatred of
the legislation of the free States toward the South,
and more especially tlui.-e of New England, and
therefore I was willing even by secession to save
whatever could be withdrawn from the maelstrom ;
for nullification had been whistled out of existence
by the strong ;irm of the Executive and the bellow-
ings of a corrupt and ignorant press. I therefore
abided bv secession as the only remedy for the evils
which were ready to crush everything valuable at
the South. But in doing so I was not only opposed
to the war on the part of the North, but also to the
impotent and imprudent boastings of the South
about possessing the Capitol and invading the
States north of the Potomac and Ohio rivers. I ad-
hered to the confederacy, and I gave it my free and
liberal support, and I am prepared to show that di-
rectlv and indirectly I haveexpended between three
and loui hundred thousand dollars for it. I never
icproached those in power to create dissentions, but
tn lie.il them. I have not had full opportunities of
judging, but I have been firmly assured that no
man could have been elected who, taken altogether,
would have fulfilled hisduties better than Mr. Davis.
He has committed errors, no doubt, but X believe
them to be of the head and not the heart. He has
had I fear some tlwhai to counsel invasions into
Maryland when the armies were victorious at home,
and directed against the enemies within our own
lines, would have ridden us of every one of them.
This is my opinion. It was so at the time; but with
my limited means of judging even in these cases I
may be mistaken. If General Tiarly had been sent
in early summer of 1864 to General Johnston at
D..lton instead of into Maryland, how different the
result would have proven. But whatever may be
said of President Davis, I do not think the failure of
the confederacy rests in any degree upon him, but I
think it rests with congress and the people. The
congress was delinquent in its duties from begin-
ning to end. It undertook to conduct a gigantic
war with everything to buy and propare entirely on
credit; and when the necessity of taxation could be
no longer evaded, they bunglingly and meanly at-
tempted to lay the burdens partially and unequally
upon the people and their property at a certain rate,
and all incomes at a given rate; they actually re-
pudiated their obligations, and legislated their
treasury notes out of existence after a fixed period.
Such legislation could not but destroy the little
value that was left to the superabundant issue
of their credit, and the result acted like a two-
edged sword; they destroyed credit at home and
inspired confidence in the enemy. The planters
generally (although to their double honor there
were exceptions) were seized with inordinate ava-
rice to make money, at least paper money, at the
sacrifice of their country and their all, as the re-
sults will prove. They, instead of suppressing as
far as they could the rise in prioes. sought only to
raise them by preying upon the necessities of the
Government and the other classes of socioty hy
exorbitant prices, to which may be added discords
and dissentions among the leading officials, whose
whole aim and object should have beon unity and
combination. And even the President in an un-
guarded moment let drop from his lips words or
abuse, (not unjust or unprovoked, perhaps,) but
unworthy of himself and his office.
The campaign of General Hood into Tennessee,
leaving Sherman with sixty or seventy thousand
men to devastate and destroy everything in his un-
opposed march through Georgia without adequate
1 force to meet him, and Hood's terrible disasters in
■ Tennessee, the fall of Savannah, and of consequence
\ Charleston, Augusta, Wilmington, and Columbia,
with the inevitable final coup at Richmond, over-*
I whelmed by four times their numbers, with every
, equipment and superior appliances of war, left
no hope for the confederacy. It had been gacrinced
• with all the precious blood and the lives and limbs
of the very best men in the country to the lack of
patriotism in the majorityofcongress, and especially
of the senate, and the natural prevalence of dem-
agogism, and to the avarice and cupidity of those
planters who preferred present ephemeral gains to
lasting and permanent security of their lands and
negroes. , ■ .. ,
Sherman, with sixty or seventy thousand men,
armed and equipped, superior to any army in any
war in any country prior to this, had devastated
the whole course of his march from Atlanta to
Savannah in an average of thirty miles in breadth,
and joined the troops on the Atlantic coast. Sup-
plied with abundance of provisions and ammuni-
tion he was ready to march northward without an
adequate force to resist him. But, on the contrary,
the small forces divided in different sections, were
being daily diminished by wholesale desertions, and
could but be precariously supplied with provis-
ions ; officers and men were defeated, discouraged,
demoralized.
It could be but a question of time when General
Lee must succumb and a guerrilla warfare be inau-
gurated to annoy rather than hope to overoome our j
numerous enemies. All his forces had scarcely been 1
able to res'st Grant, and to hold on to Richmond and
Petersburg. And when Sherman and the other Fed-
eral troops should reinforce General Grant, what but
miraculous power could enable him to resist capture
or annihilation ?
I was a non-combatant, unable to do anything to
sustain the confederacy; sixty-six years of age, my
life could afford it no sufficient aid; my property
must almost all of it go into the hands of the enemy,
and the remnant must very soon be in the same con-
dition. I had but two courses presented for my
choice. To sacrifice everything, and with my family
bu reduced to penury, with heavy debts hangingover
me, which I could never hope to pay, and to beg my
bread in my old age and see my children around me
in dependent circumstances; or second, to give iu
my adhesion to the Constitution of the United States
and take the oath to support it and abide by the proc-
lamations concerning slavery and be restored to all
my rights of property except slaves. I was not re-
quired to support the war, nor the Administration of
the Government of the United States. X could always
have lived under the Constitution of the United
States. It was that which my views of nullification
would best preserve in its original purity, and it was
no hardship to resume allegiance to it. As to shivery,
my own slaves were all gone, or soon would be, and as
to those of other people, I could not affect them oue
way or the other whatever I might do. By availing
myself of the law of Congress of July 17, 1862, and
President Lincoln's proclamation of December s,
1863, founded thereon, I could, if justice and law
were dealt to me in common with others, preservo
all my property to myself, pay off all my debts, and
have a comfortable competency remain ing for mysel f
and family. And I could, whenever I pleased, expa-
- triate myself from Yankee dominion and vicinage.
By refusing, all my property must go into the
Yankee Treasury under the confiscation acts, and I
be left in their midst unable to move beyond their
tyranny and despotism in any direction. Some may
aa,y j bad rather have yone under the dominion of
France or Great Britain, or perhaps the King of
Dahomey. But let it be remembered that none
of these alternatives were at my choice, nor can I
see any advantage in any of them, if they had been,
over the one I took; nay, none of them by any means
so good; for if I am not deceived and defrauded of
my legal rights I can avail myself of a choice among
them all, and can now go from one to the other,
or anywhere else till I can improve my condition,
which almost anything on earth that is tolerable will
do over Yankee Puritanism and Yankee Democracy.
If I cannot serve the confederacy by the oourse I
have adopted, I can at least defeat the Federal
Treasury in acquiring all my property for its advan-
tage, which I prefer to making myself a beggar and
a dunderhead at my time of life; and if I may
not thereby give active and direct aid to the bet-
ter cause, it will at least be an indirect benefit by
diverting so much from its enemies. I have the con-
scientious belief that I did my share in support of
the confederacy while I wa3 in a condition to do
it, while thousands of others (many of whom are
expressing denunciations against me) were creating
dissensions, skulking duties, selfishly preferring
their own ambition to that of their country, hiding
those who should have been in the service, and
deserting the ranks of the army, while the enemy
was accumulating his forces and marching to destroy
the last and only hope of self-government upon wise
and conservative prinoiples. I have written these
views out as my explanation, and in vindication of
the course I have thought fit to pursue. I feel that
it will effect' my object entirely before all who can
judge impartially.
I intend it mainly for my children when I shall
be cold in the grave. Bnt I am not insonsible to
the good name I would desire to leave behind me,
and therefore Ihope it will be published ata proper
time for my vindication before the people of the
confederacy. And all the charity of any to whom
it may come is to deal fairly with the facts and cir-
cumstances, and to distinguish between the unan-
imity and enthusiasm of the whole people in 1861
and the reverse in 1865. I censure no man. Herel
mean only to vindicate myself ; and while I protest
against a judgment of myself without a hearing, I
would judge no man without bearing his defense,
G. B. LAMAR.
A true copy from the original,
ALBERT G. BROWNE.
Late Supervising Special Agent Treasury.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the committee rise and report the bill with
the amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Ste-
venson reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had under consideration the
special order, being the bill (H. Li. No. 2991)
making appropriations for the 'legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1874,
and for other purposes, and had directed him
to report the same to the House with sundry
amendments and with the recommendation
that it do pass.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the House
will give me their attention for two or three
minutes I desire to make a statement in regard
to some of the amendments to this bill before
I call the previous question.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to offer an amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I prefer to
make my statement before I yield to any one.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I hope the gentle-
man will yield to me to offer my amendment
.before he calls the previous question.
Mr. HOLM AN. I desire to know if it h
proposed to leave this bill open to lurthfv
amendment in the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Ohio, the chairman of the Committee oil
Appropriations, is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I propose first
to make my statement to the House, and
I desire to be heard patiently for a few
moments if gentlemen will allow me.
Mr. Speaker, there are twenty-three amend-
ments to this bill which have been made in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. All but five or six of those are amend-
ments which were recommended by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. There has been an
increase on the amount appropriated by the
printed bill of not more than twenty-five or
thirty thousand dollars, excerpting what has
been added in the Committee of the Whole on
motion of other members than the members
of the Committee on Appropriations. Most
of the amendments are formal in their char-
acter and of but slight consequence.
I asked a few moments ago in Committee
of the Whole that we might go back, in pur-
