1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
251
Laws of the United States.
the same is hereby, attached to the adjoining
territory of Montana.
Approved, February 17, 1873.
Chap. CXLVIII.—An Act prohibiting Gift
Enterprises in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That so much of the act
ol the Legislative Assembly of the District of
Columbia, entitled "An act imposing a license
on trades, business, and professions practiced
or earned on in the District of Columbia,"
approved August twenty-third, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-one, as authorizes gift enter-
prises therein and licenses to be issued there-
for, is disapproved and repealed; and hereafter
it shall be unlawful for any person or persons
to engage in said business in any manner as
defined in said act or otherwise; and any per-
son -or persons so doing, on conviction thereof
in the police court of said District, on inform-
ation filed for and on behalf of said District,
in the manner provided for in the sixteenth
section of the act creating the police court in
said District, for the enforcement of laws or
ordinances of the late corporations of Wash-
ington, Georgetown, and the levy court, shall
pay a fine of not exceeding one thousand dol-
lars, or be imprisoned in the jail of said Dis-
trict for a period of not less than one nor more
than six months, or both, in the discretion of
the court: Provided, That any party deeming
himself aggrieved by the judgment of said
court may appeal therefrom to the criminal
court of said District, in the manner provided
for ,in other cases of convictions in the said
police court, and the judgment of said criminal
court shall be final.
Approved, February 17, 1873.
Chap. CXL1X.—An Act to confirm certain
Entries of Lands therein named.
Be it enactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all entries of public
lands under the act to graduate and reduce the
price of the public lands subject to entry to
actual settlers and cultivators, approved the
fourth day of August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four; made prior to the passage of this
act, in which the purchaser has made the affi-
davit and paid, or tendered, the purchase-
money as required by said act, and the instruc-
tions issued and in force, and in the hands of
the register at the time of making said entry,
are hereby legalized, and patents shall issue
to the parties, respectively, provided that in
case of tender the money shall be paid, except-
ing those entries under said act which the
Commissioner of the General Land Office may
ascertain to have been fraudulently or evasively
made: Provided, That this act shall not be so
construed as to confirm any of said entries
which have heretofore been annulled and va-
cated by said Commissioner on account of
fraud, evasion of law, or other special cause:
And provided further, That nothing herein
contained shall be so construed as to deprive
any actual settler and cultivator of his right to
any land on which he resided at the time of an
entry by another person under the act to which
this is an amendment.
. Approved, February 17, 1873.
Chap. CL.—An Act for the erection of a Pub-
lic Building for the use of the United
States in Covington, Kentucky.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and hereby is, authorized and
directed to cause to be constructed a suitable
brick building, with a fire-proof brick vault
extending to each story in the city of Coving-
ttd-' k1entucky> for ,t'ie accommodation of the
United States circuit and district courts, cost
office, and other Government offices j and the
sum of one hundred and thirty thousand dol-
lars is hereby appropriated for the purpose
aforesaid, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, of which not more
than thirty thousand dollars shall be used in
payment for the site ; and the Secretary of the
Treasury shall cause the proper plans and
estimates to be made, so that no expenditures
shall be made or authorized, for the full com-
pletion of said building, beyond the sum herein
appropriated: Provided, That no money
hereby appropriated shall be used or ex-
pended until a valid title to the land for a site,
independent and unexposed to danger from
fire in adjacent buildings, shall be vested in the
United States, nor until the State of Kentucky
shall cede its jurisdiction over the same, and
also duly release and relinquish to the United
States the right to tax or in any way assess
said site, or the property of the United States
that may be thereon, during the time that the
United States shall be or remain the owner
thereof.
Approved, February 17, 1873.
Chap. CLIX.—An Act in relation to Mineral
Lands.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That within the States
hereinafter named deposits or mines of iron
and coal be, and they arc hereby, excluded
from the operations of an act entitled "An
act to promote the development of the mining
resources of the United States," approved May
tenth, eighteen hundred and seventy-two, and
said act shall not apply to the mineral lands
situate and being within the States'of Michi-
gan, Wisconsin, and Minnesota, and that said
lands are hereby declared free and open to
exploration and purchase, according to the
legal subdivisions thereof, as before the pass-
age of said act; and that any bona fide
entries of such lands within said States, since
the passage thereof, may be patented without
reference to the provisions of said act.
Approved, February 18, 1873.
Chap. CLX.—An Act creating an additional
Land District in the Territory of Arizona.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That all that portion of
the Territory of Arizona embraced in the fol-
lowing-described limits, to wit: commencing
at the eastern boundary of the Territory, at
the intersection of the first standard line
north ; and running thence west on that line
to- the western boundary of the Territory;
thence south with said boundary line to the
southern boundary of the Territory ; thence
east on said line to the eastern boundary of
the eastern boundary of the Territory ; and
thence north on said line to the place of be-
ginning, shall constitute a separate' land dis-
trict, to be called the Gila land district, the
office of which shall be located at such place
in said district as the President of the United
States may direct, which may be changed from
time to time as the public interest may require.
Sec. 2. That the President shall appoint, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate
or in the recess of the Senate, a register and a
receiver of public moneys for said district;
and said officers • shall reside .in the place
where said land office is located; and they
shall have the same powers, perform the same
duties, and receive the same emoluments as
are, or may be, prescribed by law in relation
42d Cong....3d Sess.
to land offices of the United States and other
Territories.
Approved, February 18, 1873.
Chap. CLXVI.—An Act to provide for obtain-
ing information of the condition of Banks
organized under State Laws.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the Utilted States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall bo the duly
of the Comptroller of the Currency to report
annually to Congress, under appropriate heads,
the resources and liabilities, exhibiting the
condition of the banks, banking companies,
and savings banks organized under the laws of
the several States and Territories, such inform-
ation to be obtained by the Comptroller from
the reports made by such banks, banking
companies, and savings banks to the Legis-
latures or officers of the different States and
Territories. And where such reports cannot
be obtained, the deficiency shall be supplied
from such other authentic sources as may be
available.
Sec. 2. That, in order to carry the provis-
ions of the first section of this act into effect,
the Comptroller of the Currency is hereby
authorized, if it should be necessary, to em-
ploy one clerk of class four, who shall bo ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Treasury, in
the manner now provided by law.
Approved, February li), 1873.
Chap. CLXV1I.—An Act to provide for the
sale of certain New York Indian Lands in
Kansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That those persons beiug
heads of families or single persons over twenty-
one years of age who have made settlement
and improvement upon, and are bona fide
claimants of, and occupants of, cither in per-
son or by tenants, the lands in Kansas which
were allotted to certain New York Indians,
and for which certificates of allotment, dated
the fourteenth day of September, eighteen
hundred and sixty, for three huudred and
twenty acres of land each were issued to
thirty-two of said Indians, shall be, and here-
by are, authorized and permitted to enter and
purchase at the proper land office said lands
so occupied by them, in tracts not exceeding
one hundred and sixty acres, according to the
Government surveys, on paying therefor in
lawful money of the United States the ap-
praised value of said tracts respectively, to be
ascertained by three disinterested and com-
petent appraisers, to be appointed by the Sec-
retary ot the Interior, who shall examine in
person each tract and report under oath its
value, exclusive of improvements; and patents
shall issue to them therefor as in other cases,
but no sale shall be made under this act for
less than three dollars and seventy-five cents
per acre; and the Secretary of the Interior
shall prescribe such regulations as may be
necessary to carry' this act into effect accord-
ing to the intent, thereof, and such entries
shall be made within two years from the time
such regulations shall be promulgated, and
the moneys that shall arise from such sales
shall be paid into the Treasury of the United
States, in trust for, and to be paid to, said
Indians respectively, to whom said certificates
were issued, or to their heirs, upon satisfactory
proof of their identity to the Secretary of the
Interior, at any time within five years from the
passage of this act; and in case such proof is
not made within the time specified, then the
proceeds of such sales, or so much thereof as
shall not have been paid under the provisions
of-this act, shall become a part of the public
moneys of the United States: Provided, That
any Indian to whom any of said certificates
