252
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United, States.
was issued, and who is now occupying the
land allotted thereby, shall be entitled to re-
ceive a patent therefor.
Approved, February 19, 1873.
Chap. CLXVIII.—An Act authorizing the
First National Bank of Watkins, New York,
to change its Location and Name.
Beitenactedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America m
Congress assembled, That the First National
Bank of Watkins, now located in the village
of Watkins, cqunty of Schuyler, and State of
New York, is hereby authorized to change its
location to the village of Penn Yann, in the
county of Yates, in said State. Whenever the
stockholders, representing three fourths of the
capital stock of said bank, at a meeting called
for that purpose, determine to make such
change, the president and the cashier shall
execute a certificate, under the corporate seal
of said bank, specifying such determination,
and shall cause the same to be recorded in the
office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and
thereupon such change of location shall be
effected, and the operations of discount and
deposit of said bank shall be carried on in the
village of Penn Yann aforesaid.
Sec. 2. That nothing in this act shall be so
construed as in any manner to release the said
bank from any liability or affect any action or
proceeding in law in which the said bank may
be a party or interested.
Sec. 3. That whenever the location of the
said bank shall have been changed from the
village of Watkins to the village of Penn Yann
in accordance with the first section of this act,
its name shall be changed to " First National
Bank of Penn Yann," and all debts, demands,
liabilities, rights, and powers belonging to said
First National Bank of Watkins, shall devolve
upon and inure to the First National Bank
of Penn Yann; and all actions pending by
or against said First National Bank of Wat-
kins may be prosecuted by or against the First
National Bank of Penn Yann in the same
manner and with the same effect as if such
change of location and name had not been
made.
Sec. 4. That as soon as such change of
name and location shall have been made, public
notice thereof shall be given by publication in
a weekly newspaper in both said village of
Watkins and said village of Penn Yann for
four weeks successively.
Sec. 5. That this act shall take effect and
be in force from and after its passage.
Approved, February 9, 1873.
Chap. CLXIX.—An Act to provide for the
payment of certain Property taken by the
Government for the extension of the Mili-
tary Reservation at Camp Mohave, in the
Territory of Arizona.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Rouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of fourteen
thousand two hundred and nineteen dollars is
hereby appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to-be paid
under the direction of the Secretary of War, to
the claimants for private property taken by the
Government in the extension of the military
reservation at Camp Mohave, in the Territory
of Arizona, under general orders number sev-
enty-four, Adjutant General's Office, Novem-
ber second, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
said sum being the total amount awarded by a
board of military officers convened by proper
authority at said camp in September, eighteen
hundred and seventy, as per their report duly
approved by the War Department.
Approved, February 19, 1873.
Chap. CLXXIII.—An Act to remit the Excise
Taxes upon Alcohol used by Universities
and Colleges for Scientific purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Hottse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
grant permits to incorporated or chartered
scientific institutions or colleges of learning
to withdraw alcohol in specified quantities
from bond without payment of the internal
revenue tax on the same, or on the spirits
from which the alcohol has been distilled, for
the sole and exclusive purpose of preserving
specimens of anatomy, physiology, or of nat-
ural history belonging to such institutions, or
for use in any chemical laboratory of such
institutions: Provided, That application for
permits shall be made by the presidents or
curators of such institutions, who shall file a
bond for double the amount of the tax on the
alcohol to be withdrawn, with two good and
sufficient sureties, to be approved by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, and condi-
tioned that the whole quantity of alcohol so
withdrawn from bond shall be used for the
purposes above specified, and for no other;
and that the said presidents and curators shall
comply with such other requirements and reg-
ulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may
prescribe. And if any alcohol so obtained
shall be used by any officer, as aforesaid, of
such institutions for any purposes other than
that above specified, then the said officers or
sureties shall pay the tax on ihe whole amount
of alcohol withdrawn from bond, together with
a like amountas.a penalty in addition thereto.
Approved, February 21, 1873.
Chap. CLXXIV.—An Act authorizing the
nomination and appointment to the Re-
tired List of the Navy of certain Volunteers
on the Active List of the Navy, who are
disabled in consequence of Wounds received
during the late War.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be, and is hereby, authorized to
nominate, and, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to appoint upon the
retired list of the Navy with the rank of mas-
ter, L. R. Chester, formerly an acting ensign
in the Navy.
Approved, February 21, 1873.
Chap. CLXXY.—An Act making Appropri-
ations for the Construction, Preservation,
and Repairs of certain Fortifications, and
other Works of Defense, for the year end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
four, and so far as necessary for the residue
of the current fiscal year, for the following
fortifications and other works of defense,
namely: .
For Fort Preble, Portland harbor, Maine,
forty thousand dollars.
For Fort Scammell, Portland harbor, Maine,
fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Warren, Boston harbor, Massa-
chusetts, forty thousand dollars.
For Fort Winthrop, Boston harbor, Massa-
chusetts, fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Independence, Boston harbor,
Massachusetts, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Adams, Newport harbor, Rhode
Island, sixty-five thousand dollars.
For fort on Dutch Island, Narragansett bay,
Rhode Island, forty thousand dollars.
For Fort Schuyler, Bast river, New York,
sixty-five thousand dollars.
For fort on Willett's point, East river, New
York, forty thousand dollars.
For Fort Hamilton, and additional batteries
in New York harbor, New York, forty thou-
sand dollars.
For fort on site of Fort Tompkins, New York
harbor, New York, thirty thousand dollars.
For Battery Hudson, New York harbor,
New York, twenty-nine thousand dollars.
For fort opposite Fort Delaware, Delaware
shore, Delaware, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort McHenry, Baltimore harbor, Mary-
land, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Foote, Potomac river, Maryland,
twenty-five thousa'nd dollars.
For Fort Washington, Potomac river, Mary-
land, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Monroe, Hampton roads, Virginia,
forty thousand dollars.
For Fort Moultrie, Charleston harbor, South
Carolina, forty thousand dollars.
For Fort Sumter, Charleston harbor, South
Carolina, forty thousand dollars.
For Fort Pulaski, Savannah river, Georgia,
fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida, fifty
thousand dollars.
For Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, Florida,
fifty thousand dollars.
For Fort Jackson, Mississippi river, Lou-
isiana, sixty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Saint Philip, Mississippi river,
Louisiana, fifty thousand dollars.
For fort at Fort Point, San Francisco har-
bor, California, sixty-five thousand dollars.
For fort at Lime Point, San Francisco har-
bor, California, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For fort at Alcatraz island, San Francisco
harbor, California, fifty thousand dollars.
For contingencies of fortifications, one
hundred thousand dollars.
For surveys for military defenses, one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
For batteries in Portsmouth harbor, Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire, on Gerrish's island,
and Jerry Point, fifty thousand dollars.
For battery at Finn's Point, Delaware river,
New Jersey, forty thousand dollars.
For fort at' San Diego, San Diego harbor,
California, fifty thousand dollars.
For torpedoes for harbor defenses and for
preservation of the same, three hundred thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That the money herein
appropriated for torpedoes shall only be used
in the establishment and maintenance of tor-
pedoes to be operated from shore stations for
the destruction of an enemy's vessel approach-
ing the shore or entering the channel and fair-
ways of harbors.
Approved, February 21, 1873.
Chap. CLXXVI.—An Act authorizing and
directing the Secretary of the Treasury to
cause Plans and Estimates to be made and a
suitable site provided for a Public Building
at Memphis, Tennessee.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause plans and estimates to be
made for a fire-proof building, or a building
with a fire-proof vault extending through each
story, suitable for a custom-house, bonded
warehouse, court-house, and post office, at
Memphis, Tennessee, and he is also author-
ized, at his discretion, to sell or exchange the
lot now owned by the United States, in the
city of Memphis, aforesaid, as a site for a
