1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
court-house, for a new and more eligible site
tor the erection of the building herein men-
tioned, or may purchase additional ground for
the enlargement of said site, or may purchase
a more eligible site, and the sum of twenty-
five thousand dollars, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, is hereby appropriated for
said purpose out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated: Provided, That
no greater sum shall be used for the purchase
of a new site, or the enlargement of the pres-
ent site, than the sum herein appropriated, in
addition to whatever sum may be realized
from the sale of the site now owned by the
United States.
Approved, February 21, 1873.
Chap. CLXXVII.—An Act to authorize the
construction of a fire-proof Building at
Lincoln, the Capital of Nebraska.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Bouse of liep ■
Tesentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause to be constructed a suitable
brick building, with a fire-proof brick vault
extending to each story, at Lincoln, Nebraska,
for the accommodation of the United ^States
circuit and district courts, post office, and
other Government offices; and the sum of one
hundred and thirty thousand dollars is hereby
appropriated, for the purpose aforesaid, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated; and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall cause proper plans and estimates to
be made, so that no expenditure shall be made
or authorized for the full completion of said
building beyond the sum herein appropriated:
Provided, That no money hereby appropri-
ated shall be used or expeuded until a valid
title to the land for a site, independent and
unexposed to danger from fire in adjacent
buildings, shall be vested in the United States,
nor until the State of Nebraska shall cede its
jurisdiction over the same and also duly release
and relinquish to the United States the right
to tax or in any way assess said site, or the
property of the United States that may be
thereon, during the time that the United States
shall be or remain the owner thereof.
Approved, February 21, 1873.
Chap. CLXXVIII.—An Act for the construc-
tion of a Court-House, Post Office, and other
Government Offices at Grand Rapids, Mich-
igan.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized and
directed to purchase, at private sale or by con-
demnation, in pursuance of the statute of the
State of Michigan, a suitable lot of ground in
the city of Grand Rapids, State of Michigan,
and to cause to be erected thereon a building of
brick suitable for the accommodation of the
court-house, post office, and other Government
offices in that city; the lot of land and the
building thereon, when completed, upon plans
to be previously made and approved by the
Secretary of the Treasury, shall not exceed
the cost of two hundred thousand dollars, and
the lot of land shall be of such an extent as
to leave the building independent and unex-
posed to fire from any and all adjoining build-
ings : Provided That no money to be appro-
priated for this purpose shall jje available until
a valid title to the land shall be vested in the
United States, and until the State of Michigan
.shall cede its jurisdiction over the same and
relinquish the right to tax or assess the same
while the United States shall be the possessor
thereof.
Approved, February 21, 1873.
Chap. CLXXIX.—An Act to provide for the
erection of a Post Office Building at Dover,
m the State of Delaware.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House ofRep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to cause to be constructed a suitable
brick building, with a fire proof brick vault, at
Dover, Delaware, for a post office; and the
sum of forty thousand dollars is hereby appro-
priated for the purpose aforesaid, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated ; and the Secretary of the Treasury
shall cause proper plans and estimates to be
made, so that no expenditure shall be made or
authorized for the full completion of said build-
ing beyond the sum herein appropriated: Pro-
vided, That no money hereby appropriated
shall be used or expended uotil a valid title to
the land for a site, independent and unexposed
to danger from fire in adjacent buildings, shall
be vested in the United States, nor until the
State of Delaware shall cede its jurisdiction
over the same, and also duly release and re-
linquish to the United States the right to tax
or in any way assess said site or the property
of the United States that maybe thereon, dur-
ing the time that the United States shall be or
remain owner thereof.
Approved, February 21, 1873.
Chap. 0S.X XXIV.—An Act making Appropri-
ations for the Consular and Diplomatic ser-
vice of the Government for the year ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred and seveuty-
four, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatioes of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated for
the service of the fiscal year ending the thirtieth
of June, eighteen hundred and seventy-four,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, for the objects hereinafter
expressed, namely:
For salaries of envoys extraordinary and
ministers plenipotentiary to Great Britain,
France, Germany, and Russia, at seventeen
thousand five hundred dollars each, seventy
thousand dollars.
To Spain, Austria, Brazil, Mexico, Japan,
China, and Italy, at twelve thousand dollars
each, eighty-four thousand dollars.
To Chili and Peru, at ten thousand dollars
each, twenty thousand dollars.
For ministers resident at Portugal, Switzer-
land, Greece, Belgium, Netherlands, Denmark,
Sweden and Norway, Turkey, Ecuador, Colom-
bia, Bolivia, Venezuela, Hawaiian Islands, and
the Argentine Republic, at seven thousand five
hundred dollars each, one hundred and five
thousand dollars.
For minister resident accredited to Guate-
mala, Costa Rica, Honduras, Salvador, and
Nicaragua, to reside at the place that the Pres-
ident may selectin any one of the States named,
as by act making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic service, approved May
twenty-second, eighteen hundred and seventy-
two, ten thousaud dollars: Provided, That the
pay and allowances of said minister resident
shall hereafter be ten thousand dollars per
annum, and no more.
For minister resident at Uruguay, also ac-
credited to Paraguay, ten thousand dollars:
Provided, That the pay and allowances of said
minister resident shall hereafter be ten thou-
sand dollars per annum, and no more.
For salary of minister resident and consul
general at Hayti, seven thousand five hundred
dollars.
For minister resident and consul general at
Liberia, four thousand dollars.
For salaries of secretaries of legation at Lon-
don, Paris, Berlin, and Saint Petersburg, at
two thousand six hundred and twenty-five dol-
lars each, ten thousand five hundred dollars.
lo enable Robert C. Schenck, minister to
Great Britain, to employ a private amanuensis,
according to joint resolution approved Janu-
ary eleventh, eighteen hundred and seventy-
one, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of secretaries of legation to
Austria, Brazil, Italy, Mexico, and Spain, at
one thousand eight hundred dollars each, nine
thousand dollars.
For salary of the secretary of legation to
Japan, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of assistant secretaries of the
legations to France, Great Britain, and Ger-
many, at two thousand dollars each, six thou-
sand dollars; and the said assistant secre-
taries shall hereafter be called second secre-
taries.
For salary of the secretary of legation (act-
ing also as interpreter) to the legation at China,
five thousand dollars.
For salary of the interpreter of legation in
Turkey, three thousaud dollars; and the salary
thus appropriated may be paid to an inter-
preter, notwithstanding that he may not be a
citizen of the United States, and on and after
July first, eighteen hundred and seventy-three,
the consul general at Constantinople shall be
also the secretary of legation in Turkey: Pro-
vided, That he shall receive compensation only
as consul general.
For chargfi d'affaires ad interim and diplo-
matic officers of the United States ubroad,
forty thousand dollars.
For salary of the interpreter to the legation
at Japan, two thousaud five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of foreign inter-
course proper, and of all the missions abroad,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For salaries of consuls general, consuls,
vice-consuls, commercial agents, and thirteen
consular clerks, including loss by exchange,
four hundred and uine thousand dollars, as
follows:
i.—consulates general,
Schedule B.
Alexandria,Calcutta,Constantinople, Frank-
fort-on-the-Main, Havana, Montreal, Shang-
hai, Beirut, Tampieo, Loudon, Paris.
ii.—consulates.
Schedule B.
Aix-la-Chapelle, Acapulco, Algiers, Amoy,
Amsterdam, Antwerp, Aspinwall, Bangkok,
Basle. Belfast, Buenos Ayres, Bordeaux, Bre-
men, Brindisi, Boulogne, Barcelona, Cadiz,
Callao, Canton, Chemnitz, Chin-Kiang, Clif-
ton, Coaticook, Cork, Demerara, Dundee,
Elsinore, Fort Erie, Foo Choo, Funehal, Ge-
neva, Genoa, Gibraltar, Glasgow, Goderich,
Halifax, Hamburg, Havre, Honolulu, Hong-
Kong, Hankow, Hakodadi, Jerusalem, Kana-
gawa, Kingston, (Jamaica,) Kingston, (Can-
ada,) La Rochelle, Laguayra, Leeds, Leghorn,
Leipsic, Lisbon, Liverpool, Lyons, Malaga,
Malta, Manchester, Matanzas, Marseilles,
Mauritius, Melbourne, Messina, Munich,Mahe,
Nagasaki, Naples, Nassau, (Westlndies,) New
Castle, Nice, Nantes, Odessa, Oporto, Osacca,
Palermo, Panama, Peruambuco, Pictou, Port
Mahon, Port Said,. Prescott, Prince Edward
Island, Port Sarnia, Pesth, Quebec, Rio de
Janeiro, Rome, Rotterdam, Sau Juan del Sur,
San Juan, (Porto Rico,) Saint John's, (Can-
ada Bast,) Santiago de Cuba, Singapore,
Smyrna, Southampton, Saint Petersburg,
Santa Cruz, (West Indies,) Saint Thomas,
Spezzia, Stuttgardt, Swatow, Saint Helena,
Tangier, Toronto, Trieste, Trinidad de Cuba,
Tripoli, Tunis, Tunstall, Tien-Tsin, Turk's
Island, Valparaiso, Vera Cruz, Vienna, Va-
lencia, Windsor, (Canada West,) Zurich, Bir-
mingham, Barmen, and Winnipeg, (Selkirk
