1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
"reading clerks" are not in the printed bill,
but in the amendment.
The SPEAKER. Reference is made to
line one hundred and fourteen.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Speaker
will see, by examining the bill, that it does not
contain the words " reading clerks."
The SPEAKER. At all events the ques- j
tion does not in the least degree embarrassthe
House. The only question is whether the
result shall be arrived at by two votes or by
one.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. One proposi-
tion might be voted down and the other voted
up ; and there would be an injustice in that.
The SPEAKER. That is a question for
the House to determine. It might not be
unjust in the judgment of the House. Does
the gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
withdraw the call for the yeas and nays?
Mr. SARGENT. As the hour is late, I am
willing to test the question by tellers.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let the gen-
tleman consider that as pending, and I will
call the previous question on the bill and
amendments.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not wish
any gentleman to be misled; and must state
that after the previous question it would be
too late to call for a division or tellers on this
amendment, because it is in the House, not in
committee.
Mr. HALE. Except by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. And objection is made.
Mr. HALE. I understand the objection to
be withdrawn.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to put an inquiry
to the Chair. The amendments that were
adopted in Committee of the Whole and re-
ported to the House stand certainly upon s
different footing from those subsequently
adopted in the House. Now, do I understand
the Speaker to say we cannot call the yeas
and nays on what was adopted by the com-
mittee and subsequently reported to the House?
The SPEAKER. Not at all. Gentlemen
will understand the Chair. This amendment
has been declared carried on a division of the
House. Now the gentleman from California
desires the yeas and nays. He waives that,
however, until after the previous question is
called if be can then have them.
Mr. SARGENT. I am willing to take it by
tellers.
The SPEAKER. That does not alter the
matter. If the previous question is seconded
this will stand as agreed to. The gentleman
from California now says he will take tellers.
Tellers were ordered; 'and Mr. Kerb and
Mr. Sargent were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—yeas ninety-two, noes not counted.
Mr. SARGENT. That is a majority of the
whole House, and I withdraw all demand for
farther count.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now demand
the previous question on the bill and pending
amendments. I hope gentlemen will point
out the amendments on which they ask a
separate vote.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the gentleman to
let me offer an amendment before he calls for
the previous question, in reference to the salary
of the President of the United States.
Mr. HOLMA.N. That amendment was
offered in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union and was ruled out,
and when the Chair decided it was in order
that decision of the Chair was overrated by
vote of the committee.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask that the amendment
which I propose to offer be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Page 13, after line two hundred and ninety-nine,
insert those words:
"or compensation of the President of the United'
States, $50,000, and the salary of the President of
the United States shall be, after the 4th of March,
1873, $50,000 per annum, payable monthly.'
Mr. HOLMAN. This amendment was not
allowed to be offered in the Committee of the
Whole, being ruled out on a point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I was in-
structed by the committee to yield for amend-
ments already offered, and for none other;
therefore I cannot yield to the amendment of
the gentleman from California.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for a division of the
House on the demand for the previous ques-
tion, as I wish to offer the amendment I have
already indicated.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
84, noes 51.
So the previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. Gentleman will state the
amendments ou which they ask for separate
votes*
Mr. SARGENT. I ask for a separate vote
on each amendment proposing to raise sal-
aries.
Mr. HOLMAN. And I ask for a separate
vote on every proposition creating new offices.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask for a
separate vote on the amendment increasing the
appropriation for seeds for the Agricultural
Department.
And then, on motion of Mr. HANKS, (at
four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
pbtition8, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
i under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
i committees:
By Mr. ADAMS: The petition of Daniel
Lewis, company I, eighth regiment Kentucky
volunteers infantry, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. DOX : The memorial of merchants
of Mobile, asking the passage of a law relieving
them from the payment a second time of duties
which they were required to pay to the de facto
government of the confederate States.
By Mr. FRYE: The petition of John Brown,
for modification of the law granting pensions
to the soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition of Harper
Smith, formerly of company B, twenty third
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, praying for
a pension.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Maria D. C.
Bache, widow of General Hartman Bache, for
a pension.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of N. P.
Green, of Memphis, Tennessee, for a bill for
the payment of a first class pnblic debt cer-
tificate No. 1856, dated August 27,1851, issued
in the name of C. P. Green, deceased, for the
sum of $639 83, principal and interest, being
consolidated debt of the State of Texas created
by act of June 7, 1837, and barred payment
by act of limitation.
By Mr. MONROE: The petition of Charles
Whittlesey and others, citizens of northern
Ohio, asking Congress to make an appropria-
tion for the purchase of certain documents
relating to early French discoveries upon the
lakes and the Mississippi.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 15,1873.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
hot73b bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 3021) to amend an act
entitled " An act to provide for holding a cir-
cuit court of the United States in the west-
ern district of Missouri," approved June 8,
1872—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 3325) for the relief of
the inhabitants of the town of Areata, in
Humboldt county, California—to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 3484) granting a pen-
sion to Asenath Stephenson—to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
A. M. Kennedy, grand worthy patriarch, and
Oliver Hewitt, grand scribe of the Grand
Division of South Carolina, praying for the
prohibition of the manufacture, importation,
and sale of all intoxicating liquors to be used
as a beverage in the Territories of the United
States and in the District of Columbia; which
was referred to the Committee on the Revision
of the Laws of the United States.
Mr. COLE. I present the petition of K.
K. Drake & Co., who allege that they have
suffered loss by reason of action of the Japan-
ese Government in 1864. I think this relates
to a subject which has been under discus-
sion in connection with the Wyoming case;
and I move that the petition be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of John
Chart, of Oakland, Alameda county, Califor-
nia, praying of Congress the enactment of
a uniform code of laws ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, presented a
memorial of Catharine S. D. Lea Mid others,
residents of Galveston, Texas, praying to be
indemnified for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the year 1801; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of John H.
Reagan, of Texas, praying for the removal of
his political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Margaret
Smith Cotten, of San Marcos, Texas, praying
to be indemnified for spoliations committed
by the French prior to the year 1801; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented the
petition of the officers of Middlesex County
Temperance Union of Connecticut, asking for
the prohibition of the manufacture, importa-
tion, and sale of all intoxicating liquors as a
beverage in the Territories of the United
States and in the District of Columbia; which
was referred to the Committee on the Revision
of the Laws of the United States.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of the
Independent Order of Good Templars of In-
diana, signed by E. B. Reynolds, grand
worthy chief templar, praying for the prohibi-
tion of the manufacture, importation, and sale
of all intoxicating liquors to be used as a bev-
erage in the Territories of the United States
fand in the District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee on the Revision of
the Laws of the United States.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a
petition of citizens of Michigan, praying for
the prohibition of the manufacture, importa-
tion, and sale of all intoxicating liqnors to be
usea as a beverage in the Territories of the
United States and in the District of Columbia;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Revision of the Laws of the United States.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of John
M. McHarg, late collector of internal revenue
for the fifth district of New York, preying to
be relieved of the responsibility incurred
through the dishonesty of a clerk; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of the
grand lodge of the Independent Order of Good
Templars of the United States, signed by its
o (Beefs, praying for the prohibition of the
manufacture, importation, and sale of all in-
toxicating liquors to be used as a beverage in
the Territories of the-United States and in the
District of Columbia: which was referred to
