1534
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
by the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, to whom was referred a resolution
instructing the committee to consider the pro-
priety of providing that whatever new library
may be built should be called the Washington
Library Building and be a fitting tribute to the
Father of his Country, to report it back and to
say that the subject is not before the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds and
probably has been incidentally or otherwise
considered by the Committee on the Library ;
and we therefore ask to have the resolution
referred to the Committee on the Library.
The YICB PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 3953) relative to private contracts
or agreements made with Indians, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
3941) for the relief of Joseph B. Rothchild, of
Findlay, Ohio, submitted an adverse report
thereon, which was ordered to be printed ; and
the' bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1612)
for the relief of Theodore S. Comparet, have
directed me to report it back and to state that
the committee discover on an examination of
the bill that they have no jurisdiction over the
subject-matter. It was referred to that com-
mittee upon the motion of my colleague, and
X suggest to him that it should go either to the
Committee on Claims or to the Committee on
Military Affairs. The Committee on Pensions
has no jurisdiction over the subject-matter.
Itshould go either to the Committee on Mili-
tary "Affairs or the Committee on Claims, and
I report it back with a recommendation that
it be referred to one of those committees.
Mr. MORTON. Then I ask that it be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee
on the District of Columbia, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 1600) to declare
inauguration day a legal holiday, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(EL R. No. 2785) for the relief of certain
homestead settlers on the public lands, re-
ported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1158) grant-
ing the right of way through the public lands
to the Utah Northern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, reported it without amendment.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1665) to enable honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors, their widows and
orphan children, to acquire homesteads on the
public lands of the United States, submitted
an adverse report thereon ; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution
for the printing of extra copies of the report
of committee No. 242, reported adversely
thereon; and the resolution was postponed
indefinitely.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 334) for the relief
of Norman Wiard, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (B., R. No. 1941)
for the relief of Haas & Powell, of Chicago,
Illinois, reported adversely thereon upon the
ground that the relief prayed for has been
provided by general law ; and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
Mr. WIN DOM, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1328) to incorporate the European
and American Land and Emigration Com-
pany, reported adversely thereon ; and the bill
was postponed indefinitely. ^
Mr. LEWIS. The select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3844) to
remove disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States from Robert M. T. Hunter, of Virginia,
have directed me to report it favorably, and I
ask unanimous consent of the Senate to act
upon the bill at once.
Mr. EDMUNDS. To which I object.
Mr. BOREMAN. I will only state that I
do not concur in the report and will give my
reasons at the proper time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom, was referred the bill
(S. No. 718) to reorganize the clerical force
of the General Land Office, reported it with-
out amendment; and submitted a letter of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office on
the subject, which was ordered to be printed.
SIGNAL OFFICE! REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution for
printing additional copies of the annual report
of the chief of the Signal Office of the Army,
have instructed me to report it back without
amendment and to recommend its passage.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That there be printed and bound
ten thousand copies of the last annual report of the
chief signal officer of the Army, of which one thou-
sand copies shall be for the use of the Senate,
fifteen hundred copies for the use of the House of
Representatives, and seventy-five hundred copies
for the.use of the chief signal officer of the Army.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RANSOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1630) to remove the political disabilities
of David Coleman, of Buncombe county.
North Carolina; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1631) to restore appointments and promotions
in the pay department of the Army; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Military Affaire, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S, No. 1632) to amend an act
entitled "An act for the restoration to market
of certain lands in Michigan;" which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1633) to authorize the First National
Bank of St. Anthony to change its title ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1634) for the relief of Washington F. Crain ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1635) for the relief of Ezra Taylor; which was;
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1636) to place certain copies of the new
compilation of internal revenue laws at the
disposal of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Printing, and
ordered to be printed. ,
SOLDIERS7 BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. STEWART submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing :
Revolved, That five thousand extra copies of the
report of the Committee on Public Lands on House
bill No. 1605 be printed for the use of the Senate.
PUBLICATION OF DEBATES.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the order of business ; but there is a mat-
ter in mv charge in which every Senator is
interested; and I wish I could have unanimous
consent to bring up the joint resolution for
printing the debates of Congress after the 4th
of March. Senators are aware that after the
4th of March there is no law for printing the
debates. It is so near that time now that if
the contract is to be given into other hands,
as the resolution proposes, there is very little
time for the new contractor to get ready.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not wish to antag-
onize the motion of the Senator from Rhode
Island; but I wish he would allow me to have
the resolution I offered yesterday morning
considered at this time.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
that
Mr, FERRY, of Connecticut. I shall feel
it my duty to oppose the resolution of the
Senator from South Carolina.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Rhode Island that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of what is known as the print-
ing joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, postponing the Calendar for that
purpose.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 23, noes 21.
Mr. BLAIR called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say one word,
if it is not out of order. I am very much op-
posed to doing anything except go on with
the unobjected cases on the Calendar, in order
that people who have a clear right to relief
may have it; but from what the Senator from
Rhode Island has said as to the importance
of having this matter settled as it is so near
the 4th of March, in order that if new people
are to have this work they may have time to
get ready and if the old people are to have
it that they may know it and be able to con-
tinue their business, I am inclined to think
this is an exception, and we ought to take
it up and dispose of it, if it does not take too
long.
Mr. HOWE. I want to add one word to
what the Senator from Vermont has said,
though I do not think it would carry any addi-
tional weight. The Senator from Rhode Island,
the chairman of the committee, has already
informed so many as listened to him that in a
very few days you will have no provision made
for priming the Globe, and if that time should
arrive when the Globe should cease to be
issued,_ it would be an unfortunate day for
humanity, everybody will concede. I suppose,
however, the Globe will be printed at some
rate or at some cost, whether or no, even if
this bill should fail; but we all know that if
no other provision is made it will be printed at
a very great cost and many believe at a very
unnecessary cost after the 3d of March. I
think if Senators care anything about either
having the Globe printed or about the terms
on which it is to be printed, they would at least
consider the bill which has been reported from
the Committee on Printing and consider it
very early. I hope they will agree to tak<;
it up.
