1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It cannot be
taken without debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move to take it
np. The bill has twice passed the Seuate, and
1 think it ought to be disposed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
state the number and title of the bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is Senate bill No. 1059,
authorizing a settlement of the claim of the
estate of the late Rear Admiral John A. Dahl-
gren. It is not on the Calendar, but is hung
up by a motion to reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
passed by the Senate on the 11th of December
last. The Senator from Nebraska [Mr.
Tipton] entered a motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and the
Senator from Ohio now uioves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending
question is, will the Senate reconsider the vote
ou the passage of this bill ? On which question
the Seuator from Nebraska, if be claims it, is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. TIPTON. I have nothing to say on the
subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Sen-
ator from Ohio is entitled to the floor if he
desires it.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have no desire to speak
on the subject. The bill was debated at the
last session during the whole of a night sitting,
and passed the Senate by a unanimous vote.
I only ask that it be taken up as a matter of
justice to the claimant. The motion to recon-
sider ought to be disposed of one way or the
other. The bill is not even ou the Calendar
now. I have no desire to speak upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am not
prepared to discuss this question at any length;
but at the same time I am free to say that this
is a question that ought to be considered by a
full Senate. The question involved in it is
this: shall Army and Navy officers, educated at
the expense of the Government of the United
States, employed and paid for their full time,
when they make experiments at the expense
of the Government, be rewarded by having a
patent-right for any improvement they may
make in relation to arms, ammunition, or
anything else ?
The question was not raised during the life-
time of Admiral Dahlgren. He scorned to
come before Congress with a claim of this
kind. I believe that he was a gallant and a
very intelligent officer. If it was the purpose
in making an appropriation to give him a
monument, I would vote for that. If his
family are in indigent circumstances, I would
be ready to vote a considerable-sum to his
family j but I am not prepared lo authorize
or sanction by any act of ours the idea that
our Army and Navy officers, if they shall see
any occasion for making any improvement in
arms or ammunition or anything else that con-
cerns their particular duties or service, shall
withhold it unless they can get a patent-right
for it, and have a royalty for every cartridge
or every gun or every bayonet upon which they
may make an improvement. Are we to make
our Army and Navy officers mere peddlers of
patent rights? I think the whole thing is
degrading to the service. There ought to be
a positive law prohibiting anything of this
kind. There is no law on the subject, I
know. There ought to be a provision in our
laws in relation to patent-rights that anything
the Government may Want to use the Gov
ernment shall be free to use. We give par-
ties that get patents the authority to have a
monopoly of tne business throughout the whole
country. Other countries reserve the right to
the Government itself to use any patent-right
that may be authorized by them. We onght
to have that provision in our law.
Now, if there is any disposition to treat
Admiral Dahlgren or bis family with generosity,
I will go as far as any Senator; but we should
resist the idea of introducing a measure of
this kind to sanction what I have been com-
batting, so that any officer who has heretofore
made any improvement or shall hereafter make
any improvement in arms or ammunition, or
anything that pertains to the service, shall be
here before our Committee on Claims, before
our Committee ou Patents, or before the Mili-
tary or Naval Committee, with a claim of this
character. I think we ought at once to show
our own opinion of the character of such
claims. I do not believe that it will redound
to the honor of the service.
I am, therefore, not particularly opposed to
this bill, but opposed to all bills of this char-
acter. I kuow that if this bill passes it estab-
lishes a precedent which will be followed by
any number of applications for relief of a
similar kind. There are bills already re-
ported ; there was one reported yesterday, I
think, by my friend from Iowa [Mr. Harlan]
for a similar kind of relief. I trust, therefore,
that the Senate will consider well and pouder
on the precedent that is about to be established
in the passage of this bill.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, whether the
patent laws should be so amended as to deprive
officers in the service of the United States of
the benefit of their inventions, is a fair sub-
ject of discussion, and if such a proposition
were before the Senate the remarks of the
Senator from Vermont would be entitled to
consideration as weighing upon that general
proposition. But the bill before the Senate
itself recognizes all the considerations that
have been urged by the Senator from Vermont.
The case presented is that of a patent actually
issued to an officer of the Navy, Admiral
Dahlgren. It presents a case not where tkat>
officer has withheld the benefit of his inven-
tion from the Government, but where it was
freely given. -Not only were his guns in use
in our own Navy, but our Government sent
those guns abroad to other Governments, and
they made use of the invention, using the guns
sent by our own Government as a model. It was
used with the entire concurrence of Admiral
Dahlgren during his life. And the proposi-
tion now is not to donate, or to give, or to
appropriate a certain sum of money to his
estate, but to refer the whole subject to the
Court of Claims, as to what the use of that
gun in the past has been, and what it is worth
to have a full and entire transfer of the sev-
eral patents which were issued to him daring
the time the letters-patent have yet to run;
and in considering that question the Court of
Claims by this bill is thus directed:
In determining the amount of compensation to
be paid said estate for the use and transfer of the
said Dahlgren guns aud rifled projectiles, the said
court shall, in connection with the evidence in the
case, take into consideration the facts, if proved,
that while the said Dahlgren was engaged in per-
fecting the inventions for which saiu patents were
granted, the said Dahlgren was in the service of
the United States as an officer of the Navy, and
that, while holding such office in the Navy bis time,
services, and skill were due to the United States,
and that the expense of making experiments,
trials, and tests for the purpose of perfecting such
inventions was paid by the United States.
And then it provides for an appeal to the
Supreme Court by either party.
Mr. President, this presents the question,
then, of what ought to be given, taking into
consideration all the circumstances which
have been urged by the Senator from Ver-
mont. Our law as it stands at present does
authorize the issuing of patents to all persons
without discrimination; It does not deprive
officers of the Government of the right to a
patent; and if it be advisable to amend the
general patent law by providing that the Gov4
ernment shall have the use of all patents which
may be hereafter issued, that would be a fair
subject of consideration. But here are sev-
eral patents in the possession of this officer ;
here are patents which run yet for some years;
and the proposition is that these patents shall
be transferred to the Government for what-
ever they shall be found to be worth, taking
into consideration all the circumstances of the
case.
It seems to me that this bill is not open to
many of the objections which the Senator from
Vermont wishes to bring to bear against it.
It was very fully discussed at the last session.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Logan] dis-
cussed the question which is now presented by
the Senator from Vermont, and after full con-
sideration of the whole subject the Senate
passed the bill. It is now before us on a
motion to reconsider, and I think it is not
open to the objections which are sought to be
urged against it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I consider the manner of this bill even
more objectionable than the proposition itself:
the idea that this is to be submitted to the
Court of Claims to gauge our generosity. It
comes as a claim; it is proposed to make a
liberal gift; and yet we refer the matter to the
Court of Claims. Now, who knows what will
be thought by the Court of Claims a sufficient
amouut to reward this officer? Will it be
$'25,000, or will it be half a million? Is there
anything that can fix the boundary within a
reasonable amount? Not at all. They may
report a million dollars. I do not understand
that this case is presented with much of any
other idea than to obtain funds for a mon-
ument. Now, I much prefer to vote the sum
that is necessary to erect a monument to that
gallant officer than to establish a precedent
that will hereafter take millions out of the
Treasury and involve us in any amount of legis-
lation and perhaps litigation.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, there are
many things connected with the principle
which will be enunciated by the adoption of
this bill that I think are very objectionable.
It seems to me that we do not properly con-
sider in connection with matters of this kind
the interest of the Government on the one
side, and we are more inclined to the interest
of individuals on the other side.
If we adopt this bill, what is the precedent
that it establishes? Officers graduated at
West Point by the favor of the Government
who graduate high enough iu-mechanics to be
assigned to the ordnance corps, as it is called,
where all these things emanate, that corps
being a small corps, are furnished with the
materials, with the money, with everything
necessary to make these experiments, and if
they succeed in finding some improvement on
a musket or a piece of ordnance of any
description, or on a cartridge or on any mis-
sile of any character that may be used by the
Army or the Navy, if patented, they are to
receive a large price for it
Now, let us see for a moment how that will
place us. First, if you or I, to illustrate, in-
vent a gun, what is th« modus operandi pur-
sued to get that gun adopted by the Gove'rn-
jnent? First, it must be referred to this very
ordnance corps for their examination, for a
commission of them to decide whether or not
your patent is e, good patent. You refer it to
the very men that you by legislation give an
interest to exclude every patent outside of
their own organization. 1 do not say they do
so, but there is an inducement to do it. First,
the inducement is held out to the ordnance
corps to invent what? To invent the charac-
ter of arm necessary for the use of the Army
or the Navy; next, the inducement is that if
they invent such a thing they will get paid for
it, although they are being paid a larger sal-
ary than officers generally for performing their
duty as ordnance officers.
What is their duty ? Their duty as ordnance
officers is to fabricate arms and ammunition
for the Army and Navy of the Government, to
keep its ordnance stores in proper condition,
to receive requisitions and issue them to the
Army and to the Navy. They are the fab-
ricators of the arms and ammunition of this
country. To them, then, you hold out the
inducement to become patentees aud receive
