1556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
fair mode of ascertaining what is really and
substantially in the bids thus proposed, and
especially .when in the last average it can be
taken for granted that the estimates of the
tentlemen bidding and that made by the
uperintendent o£ Public Printing were made
in gpod faith and with the one purpose of
getting this work and a fair compensation for
doing it.. _
I am not here, you will understand, Mr.
President, with any feeling against Mr. Mur-
tagh. I am not here to do. anything for any
individual against the public interest. What I
fear is this: that when we have left the moorings
to which we have been attached for so many
years, since 1833, if I remember, with an oc-
casional exception, and go off into partisan
newspaper establishments—I am not speaking
this in any partisan sense—whether Democrat
or Republican, for the publication of these
debates, I rather apprehend the most material
of all publications made by the Government,
however much they may be derided by some,
and publications, too," that ought to be pre-
served ; but, -I say, to leave the moorings to
which we have been attached for forty years,
with an occasional exception, and go off into
the sea of partisan contests for the printing of
such a work as this, is in my judgment a
most unwise policy and one that will bring
upon us many evils.
We are safe where we are. We know that
the work is done satisfactorily by Messrs.
Rives & Bailey. We may complain that the
prices are high. They may be; I believe
they are. The expenditures for. this work
ought to be reduced, I admit. I am ready to
do anything proper to reduce them. Whether
a reduction of the price from that which they
now get can be had with these gentleman for
the publication, I'am pot advised. We may
get a reduction and without the necessity of
resorting to competitive bids. I have no con-
fidence in these competitive bids in matters of
this kind—a contract that is to run through
six years and in which we all are so directly
concerned, and from whom all complaints
are to come and to whom all redress for re-
lief is to be addressed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. . The Senator
from Maryland will suspend. The morning
hour has expired, and the bill known as the
two per cent, bill is before the Senate..
Mr. ANTHONY. This matter ought to be
concluded, and must be disposed of at this
session. 1 suppose we might as well act on it
now as at any tinie. I hope the two per cent,
bill will be laid, aside.
Mr, MORTON. Xappreciate the importance
of this joint resolution, arid shall be prepared,
as far as I am concerned, to go on with it
immediately afterthe conclusion of the matter
before the Senate; but I hope the Senate will
now adhere to the two per cent, bill until that
question is disposed of. We have already had
two day's debate, and I think it cannot take
much longer. I therefore hope that no other
business will be allowed to intervene until
that matter is disposed of. I will say to the
Senator from Rhode Island that, for one,
I am willing to come back here to-night at a
night_ session for the purpose of considering
this_ joint resolution, and I will aid him in
haviug it considered, but I appeal to him not
to attempt bow to thrust it in before the final
disposition of the two per cent. bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. We caunot dispose of
this question at a night session, when there will
not be half a Senate, here. I think that the
two per cent, bill had better go over to a night
session, as that is a bill on which there is to
be large debate, and I presume there will be
no debate upon this joint resolution except to
explaiu it, or there may be possibly some other
propositions offered. I am not aware of any-.
I should think we could get through with this
in the course of half an hour or an hour.
Mr. MORTON. Ithiuknot. I think there
is a purpose to debate this measure ; I have
no doubt of that. I have seen some evidence
of it on the part of my friend from Maryland
this morning.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have charge of this
joint resolution, and I feel it my duty to ask
that the two per cent, bill be postponed for
the purpose of going on with this debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island moves to postpone the two per
cent, bill for the purpose of continuing the
consideration of the printing bill, so called.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope we shall finish
the two per cent, bill, and then take up this
other matter. Postponing the two per cent,
bill will only prolong it. I think this course
tends to the prolongation and delay of the public
business, when we are half through a measure
to lay it aside and take up some new measure
which probably will take the whole day, and
thus we shall lose the benefit of going to the
Calendar.
Mr. MORTON. I think there will be an
absolute economy of time in going on with the
business now before the Senate, which is the
two per cent. bill. If it should be laid aside
and come up either to-night or to-morrow it
will then be comparatively new business, and
more time will be taken in disposing of it. I
think its discussion cannot last much longer,
and therefore I hope that the Senate will not
adopt the motion of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. COLE. While Senators are farming
out the time, which is very short at best, I feel,
it my duty to say that I shall insist from this
time on upon the consideration of the appro-
priation bills that are pending. There are
four very important appropriation bills yet
back to be disposed of by this body, and I ap-
prehend that nothing can be of half or any-
thing like the importance of those bills, and I
shall feel it my duty to insist on their con-
sideration as often as I can get an opportunity
to ask that favor of the Senate. These are
matters in which everybody is interested, and
I hope the Senate will stand by me and by the
understanding had generally in regard to these
matters and help dispose of those bills, in order
that they may be taken care of in good time
and in good order before the end of the ses-
sion.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I want
to say to my friend from Rhode Island that he
will facilitate the disposition of his bill by not
pressing his motion now. A bill on the sub-
ject of the reports of Congress must pass in
some form or other at this session ; there is no
doubt about that, and he will facilitate the
consideration and disposition of his bill if he
will let it lie over until to-morrow, or until the
two per cent, bill is disposed of, so that mem-
bers not acquainted with it may look into the
matter.
I quite concur with what has been said by
the Senator from Kentucky as to the loss of
time by discussing a measure for some time
and then taking up another measure. Now,
if the Senate will agree to sit straight on with-
out taking any recess, not taking a recess until
seven o'clock, and then bringing back half a
dozen Senators to sit till midnight, but sit
straight on until nine o'clock each night, or
ten if necessary, and get our meals here in the
Capitol, we can dispose of all the appropri-
ation bills and all the other bills which must
necessarily pass; and in my judgment that
will be the most economical and the most
healthful mode of procedure that we can
adopt, and I for one am perfectly willing to
agree that, beginning with this day until the
end of this session, we shall sit until nine or
ten o'clock every night without any recess at
all.
Mr, HOWE. I want to submit one consid-
eration to the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mor-
ton.] It is apparent to all that we are very
neat the end" of this session. Some of the
bills on our Calendar will fail. If it should
turn out unfortunately that the two per cent
bill should fail, should not pass at this session,
should not pass until the next session, the Sen-
ator from Indiana will agree that the United
States could survive such a calamity as that.
On the contrary, if this printing bill should fail
to pass, or some bill equivalent to it at this
session, what would happen to the United
States I cannot say.
Mr. MORTON. We could not live without
the Globe—certainly not. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. Even Indiana could not sur
vive without the Globe. [Laughter.] There
is another consideration. If we concede that
both bills are to passand all the other bills are
to pass at this session, is it not important
that this should pass first of all inasmuch as
some time, you have been advised by the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing, will be
required by those who shall undertake to print
the Globe to make preparation for it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The President
of the United States some weeks ago sent a
message to the Senate and to the House of
Representatives stating that it was necessary
for the preservation of the peace of a portion
of this country that there should be legislation
in reference to the enforcement of law in Utah.
The Committee on the Judiciary have spent
days in endeavoring to perfect a bill free from
all fanaticism and all proscription, but simply
to enforce equally the laws. I think that re-
gard to the peace of a portion of the country
and respect for the counsel of the Chief Magis-
trate requires us to act upon that bill, and to
act upon it in the Senate in time, that it may
have action in the House of Representalives
at this session.
Therefore, Mr. President, I move to lay 011
the table what is known as the two per cent,
bill. After that is done we can determine
which of these measures which are essential
shall be taken up.
Mr. THURMAN. Does the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] give up the floor for
that motion ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The President of the
Senate, the Vice President of the United
States, did not declare that I was entitled to
the floor, and I cannotgive up anything 1 have
not got.
Mr. THURMAN. He would have done so
undoubtedly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
answer the question of the Senator from Ohio.
The Senator from Vermont was not in his
seat but was conversing with the Senator from
Ohio at his seat when the Chair called up the
two per cent. bill. The Senator from Ver-
mont did not claim the floor, and the Senator
from Rhode Island did claim the floor, and the
Chair awarded it to him, and he made the
motion which is now pending before the Sen-
ate, which is superseded by a motion which
has priority, to lay the two per cent, bill on
the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That seems to be my fate.
Yesterday the Senator from Ohio was not will-
ing to bury the dead on account of this two per
cent, bill, and to-day he has buried me in con-
versation so that I cannot have a chance to
make my speech. [Laughter. ]
Mr. THURMAN. Oh, no.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Ohio that whenever
the bill is resumed for debate the Senator from
Vermont will be entitled to the flour, if he
claims, it.
Mr, THURMAN. But I am insisting on
the right of the Senator from Vermont to the
floor, and I do not know how anybody gets
him off his feet so as to move to lay the bill
on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A Senator can
be taken from his feet in two ways: first, by
not being in the Chamber at one o'clock, and
second, Conversing with a Senator and not
addressing the Chair or claiming the floor at
that time and some other Senator claiming it.
The question now is on she motion oi the
