592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
large amounts besides their yearly salaries
whi!.- they are performing exactly the duty
that they are assigned to perform; that is, to
improve the machinery and the arms of the
• iovernment. They are human beings like all
others. They may not be warped or drawn
aside by this inducement, but still they may be.
But then one of these gentlemen ascertains an
improvement in an arm by constantly fabricat-
ing the same, by constantly having control of
the same. If they discover an improvement in
the arm that ought to be given to the Govern-
ment, they then do what? They then use the
iron, the brass, the copper, or whatever may
be necessary, belonging to the Government, to
fabricate the arm. First, the gun or cannon is
fabricat«d by the Government under the con-
trol of the ordnance department, and espe-
cially under the control of the very man who
invents it, and that is done at the expense of
the Government If, then, after the arm is
fabricated it proves to be of no value, it is laid
aside and the Government loses that amount
of money.
Now, how much does it cost to fabricate a
large piece of ordnance ? It is said, I do not
know how truly, that the fabrication of the
ordnance now used, the nine-inch gun, costs
from thirty to eighty thousand dollars. Then
from thirty to eighty thousand dollars is ex-
pended by the Government, not by the man,
to fabricate this gun. If the experiment proves
that it is worthless, the Government loses that
amountand the individual loses nothing. Then,
after it is fabricated, it is said that it costs from
sixty to a hundred thousand dollars to furnish
the ammunition to test the gun. The gun is
tested, how? It is tested by firing one thou-
sand rounds of the kind of ammunition that is
intended to be used. The firing of those thou-
sand rounds and the furnishing of that ammu-
nition costs from sixty to a hundred thousand
dollars, according to the size of the piece of ord-
nance. Then you have an expense on the part
of the Government of over one hundred thou-
sand dol lars in the first place to try the inven-
tion of this individual. If any other person
fabricates a gun, if a manufacturer of arms in
this country fabricates a gun, he tests that gun,
and it costs him this amount of over one hun-
dred thousand dollars out of his own pocket
to test it; but your ordnance officer tests his
gun at the expense of the Government, and
after it is tested at the expense of the Govern-
ment, what does he do ? Senators will remem-
ber that there has not been a session of Con-
gress that you do not appropriate in your ap-
propriation bill a large sum, usually amount*
ing from one hundred and fifty to two hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars, for what?
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to ask
my friend a question.
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. PATTERSON. Is it not true that the
Go-/eminent, before purchasing any patent
of this kind, whether invented by an officer
of the Army or Navy, or by an outsider, testa
it in the same way?
Mr. LOGAN. They test it if Congress
orders them to test it. There is no rule
requiring them to do it. If you pass a bill
authorizing them to do it with the Government
ammunition, they will do it; bnt you*must
first pass the law. That is a question for you
to decide always. I can give you numerous
instances where men have been almost bank-
rupted by testing the ordnance that they have
made for the Government of the United States.
I could give you one instance whioh was before
Congress for years before it was decided.
But I am speakiug of the question of loss.
After the testing of this gun, you grant a patent
if it proves to be a good one. The patent is
granted to the individual while he is in the ser-
vice of the Government, while l)e is receiv-
ing his yearly salary ; the guns are fabricated
by the Government at their own shops; and
after all this his widow comes in and asks
a royalty upon every gun that has been fab-
' ricated at the Government's expense. That
is what this bill means. The invention, the
testing, the trial of these guns, and the fabri-
cation of the guns used by the Government,
never cost the individual one dime ; and now
you are to pay for the use of that arm, fab-
ricated by an individual employed by the Gov-
ernment for that specific purpose, at least half
a million dollars, for it will not be less than
that, and in addition to that to buy the patent
to use hereafter. If the Government wants to
buy the patent to use hereafter, I have nought
to say; that is a different question. But here
it is proposed to refer the question to the Court
of Claims to settle the amount that the Gov-
ernment shall pay for the use of a patent ob-
tained by this man while he was a high officer
of the Navy, while he was performing only his
duty in the ordnance department at the time
this gun was tested, for at the very time of the
testing of this gun he was the chief of the
Ordnance Bureau of the Navy Department,
and it was tested by his order at the expense
of the Government.
I have deemed it my duty to say this much,
Mr. President, on this case. I had the high-
est regard for Admiral Dahlgren ; I have the
highest regard for his family ; but I warn the
Senate that this is but the entering wedge for
the expenditure of many millions of dollars for
purposes for which we ought not to expend a
cent.
I was talking with one of the ordnance offi-
cers the other day in reference to the ordnance
corps, and he said to me, " we are mechanics ;
our duty is to fabricate arms and ammunition
and dispose of them in the manner in which
the Government desires." That ia the duty
of the ordnance department. If that is a part
of their duty, I ask what justice is there in
paying them for performing that duty that is
incumbent upon them and required of them by
the Government that pays them (heir salaries?
Take the case of General Rodman, who died
a short time ago at the arsenal at Rock Islaud.
General Rodman invented what is commonly
known as the Rodman gun. The Rodman
gun was extensively used during our late war,
and proved to be an excellent gun. I ask
you, if you allow Admiral Dahlgren a large
sum for the fabrication of his gun, when ne
belonged to the ordnance department, will you
not be bound to allow the heirs of General
Rodman an equal sum for the gun that he fab-
ricated while ne was in the ordnance depart-
ment?
Mr. PATTERSON. Does my friend mean
"fabricate" or "invent," because there is
quite a difference between the two? I should
like to know which he does mean.
Mr. LOGAN. You may use either term as
you please; I will say "invent."
Mr. PATTERSON. That ia quite differ-
ent.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well; use that term.
What does this bill mean ? This bill does not
mean to pay him for the mere invention, but it
means to pay him for the use of the gun fab-
ricated by him and by the Government. Let
me ask the Senator, if Admiittl Dahlgren had
fabricated but one gun, and was the inventor
of that gun, and the Government used but that
one gun, how much would you pay him? I
suppose you would pay him a very small sum.
If you pay him a large amount because a large
number of guns was fabricated, then I come
to the conclusion that you are paying for the
fabrication of the gun or his right to fabricate
it under the patent.
Now take General Rodman's case; and if
I had the records here—for I have examined
tbem heretofore—I could give you the names
of a number of other officers who stand iu
precisely the same position. I presume
these gentlemen never expected to get one
dollar for their guns, during their lifetime at
least. I never heard one of them ask it, and
never heard that he expected it. I presume
they thought that it was in the line of their
duty. They were in charge, and had the
machinery and everything to advance their
own interests and their own names. I will
give the Senate one illustration. I was a
member of a joint committee of the House of
Representatives and Sepate that examined
into the subject of ordnance, and in the exam-
ination of it we found a patent in the name of
an Army officer, which I will not give, for a
certain shell that was used during our war. In
the examination of the history ot ordnance iu
Germany we found that the very same shell
precisely had been used there fifty years beforq
it was patented here in our Patent Office. Al-
though it had been used fifty years ago in Ger
many, it was patented here by an Army officer,
and upon that patent he, or some of his heirs,
perhaps, when he shall die, wili probably claim
that he is entitled to pay for the invention of
that shell.
I will take the gun that is used in the ser-
vice now, the Allin musket. Those muskets
are issued to our troops by the hundred and
thousand. Mr. Allin, the inventor is a man
employed in the Springfield arsenal in Massa-
chusetts. He invented the gun in the shop
there. He has claimed no royalty for it.
Thousands and thousands of them have been
in use in the country. He will have the same
right to come here and claim that he is enti-
tled to a royalty, which, according to the roy-
alty which has been spoken of heretofore, and
given sometimes to men for their inventions,
would amount to one dollar per gun for every
musket of the Allin patent used by the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
And so you may go through all the arms that
have been invented. They are nearly all
within the control of the ordnance department,
and of our armories and arsenals, where they
have it in their power to seize upon all the
patents, and why ? I do not wish to detract
from the ordnance department, for I have a
high respect for its patriotism and ability;
but I will say that we seldom find a gun in use
in the United States that has not been patented
by one of the officers of the ordnance depart-
ment, or somebody in their employment,
especially heavy ordnance. I will not say that
that is not because they are not the best men
to make improvements in projectiles and arms.
Perhaps that is the reason; but I notice that
on all the trials their guns prove the best. I
have naught to say about that, but I hope they
do really prove the best. I do not say it is
not just; but that is the fact.
I say the inducement held out in this bill
will keep within the ordnance department
every invention for arms and ammunition iu
the United States of America as long as this
principle is sustained, and all outside patents
will be excluded, and the men who are using
their energies in their shops to improve upon
machinery for the manufacture of arms will
have to stop, because they will have no oppor-
tunity to compete with Government officers
who receive pay for doing the very thing that
the other man must expend his money for.
Let me illustrate. Suppose there are several
men here who served in the Army of the
United States; one of these soldiers when in
command of a division, a brigade, a corps, or
whatever it might be, came across a very large
amount of property that was being used for
the benefit of the rebellion. The officer by
his order destroyed that property. To that
extent he depreciated the strength of the
rebellion ; to that extent he benefited the Gov-
ernment of the Uuited States; to that extent
he improved our chances of success. Now,
will any Senator say that that officer in th ;
Army can come before the Senate and ask pay
for doing that which was his duty under the
orders of the Government? I presume no
man would pretend such a thing; I presume
no man would ask such a thing ; no one would
expect any such thing. And yet we are told
that when these men, in the performance of
their duty, benefit the Government of the
