1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 m
Laws of the United States,
42b Cong....3d Sess.
For buildings and grounds: for repairing
and opening roads, one thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the dam at the foot of Crow's
Nest mountain, two thousand four hundred and
eight dollars and six cents.
For preparing site and constructing founda-
tion and beginning superstructure for cadet's
new hospital, twenty thousand dollars.
For commencing system of sewerage leading
from barracks of troops, three thousand dol-
lars.
For remodeling battery Knox, ten thousand
dollars.
Approved, February 28, 1873.
Chap. CCXI.—An Act to provide for the dis-
position of that portion of the Military Res-
ervation at Fort Ripley, Minnesota, which
lies east of the Mississippi River.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to sell at public auction the whole or
so much of the military reservation at Fort
Ripley, in the State of Minnesota, as may no
longer be required for military purposes.
Sec. 2. It shall be the duty of the Secretary
of War to appoint a board of three Army offi-
cers, which board shall appraise each piece or
parcel of land with the buildings thereon,
before the same is offered for sale, and no
sale shall be made at a price less than two
thirds of the appraised value.
Sec. 3. And it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of War to cause notice of said sale to be
published in one of the principal newspapers
in the city of Washington, in two of the prin-
cipal newspapers in the State of Minnesota,
and in one paper, if any there be, in the county
where said lands to be sold are situated, or
any county adjoining thereto, for the space of
sixty days prior to sale.
Approved, February 28, 1873.
Ciiap. CCXIII.—An Act to carry into effect the
provisions of the Treaty between the United
States and Great Britain signed in the city
of Washington the eighth day of May,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, relating
to the Fisheries.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That whenever the Presi-
dent of the United States shall receive satis-
factory evidence that the Imperial Parliament
of Great Britain, the Parliament of Canada,
and the Legislature of Prince Edward's Island
have* passed laws on their part to give full
effect to the provisions of the treaty between
the United States and Great Britain signed at,
the city of Washington on the eighth day of
May, eighteen hundred and seventy-one, as
contained in articles eighteenth to twenty-fifth,
inclusive, and article thirtieth of said treaty,
he is hereby authorized to issue his proclama-
tion declaring that he has such evidence, and
thereupon, from the date of such proclama-
tion, and so long as the said articles eighteenth
to twenty-fifth, inclusive, and article thirtieth
of s$id treaty shall remain in force, according
to the terms and conditions of article thirty-
third of said treaty, all fish-oil and fish of all
kinds, (except fish of the inlands lakes and
of the rivers falling into them, and except fish
preserved in oil,) being the produce of the
fisheries of the Dominion of Canada or of
Prince Edward's Island, shall be admitted
into the United States free of duty.
Sec. 2. That whenever the colony of New-
foundland shall give its consent to the appli-
cation of the stipulations and provisions of
the said articles eighteenth to twenty-fifth of
said treaty, inclusive, to that colony, and the
Legislature thereof, and the Imperial Parlia-
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 17.
ment shall pass the necessary laws for that pur-
pose, the above enumerated articles, being
the produce of the fisheries of the colony of
Newfoundland, shall be admitted into the
United States free of duty, from and after the
date of a proclamation by the President of the
United States, declaring that he has satisfac-
tory evidence that the said colony of New-
foundland has consented, in a due and proper
manner, to have the provisions of the said
articles eighteenth to twenty-fifth, inclusive,
of the said treaty extended to it, and to allow
the United States the full benefits of all the
stipulations therein contained, and shall be so
admitted free of duty, so long as the said
articles eighteenth to twenty-fifth, inclusive,
and article thirtieth, of said treaty, shall re-
main in force, according to the terms and con-
ditions of article thirty-third of said treaty.
Sec. 3. That from the date of the Presi-
dent's proclamation authorized by the first
section of this act, and so long as the articles
eighteenth to twenty-fifth, inclusive, and article
thirtieth of said treaty, shall remain in force,
according to the terms and conditions of
article thirty-third of said treaty, all goods,
wares, or merchandise arriving at the ports
of New York, Boston, and Portland, and any
other ports in the United States which have
been, or may, from time to time, be, specially
designated by the President of the United
States and destined for her Britannic Majesty's
possessions in North America, may be entered
at the proper custom-house and conveyed in
transit, without the payment of duties, through
the territory of the United States, tinder such
rules, regulations, and-conditions for the pro-
tection of the revenue as the Secretary of the
Treasury may, from time to time, prescribe ;
and, under like rules, regulations, and con-
ditions, goods, wares, or merchandise, may
be conveyed in transit, without the payment
of duties, from such possessions, through the
territory of the United States, for export from
the said ports of the United States.
Sec. 4. That from the date of the President's
proclamation, authorized by the first section
of this act, and so long as articles eighteenth
to twenty-fifth, inclusive, and article thirtieth
of said treaty, shall remain in force, according
to the terms and conditions of article thirty-
third of said treaty, all subjects of her Britan-
nic Majesty may carry in British vessels, without
payment of duty, goods, wares, or merchan-
dise from one port or place within the terri-
tory of the United States, upon the Saint
Lawrence, the great lakes, and the rivers con-
necting the same, to another port or place
within the territory of the United States as
aforesaid: Provided, That a portion of such
transportation is made through the Dominion
of Canada by land-carriage and in bond, under
such rules and regulations as may be agreed
upon between the Government of her Britan
nic Majesty and the Government of the United
States: And provided further, That the Pres-
ident of the United States may, by proclama-
tion, suspend the right of carrying provided
for by this section, in case the Dominion of
Canada should at anytime deprive the citizens
of the United States of the use of the canals
in the said Dominion on terms of equality with
the inhabitants of the Dominion, as provided
in article twenty-seventh of said treaty: Ana
provided further, That incase any export or
otheCduty continues to be levied after the six-
teenth day of June, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, on lumber or timber of any kind
cut on that portion of the American territory,
in the -State of Maine, watered by the river
Saint John and its tributaries, and floated
down that river to the sea, when the same is
shipped to the United States from the province
of New Brunswick, that then, and in that case,
the President of the United States may, by
proclamation, suspend all rights of carrying
provided for by this section for such period as
such export or other duty may be levied.
Sec. 5. That this act shall not take effect
until the first day of July, eighteen hundred
and seventy-three, and shall not apply to any
article of merchandise therein mentioned which
shall be held in bond on that day by the cus-
toms officers of the United States.
Approved, March 1, 1873.
Chap. COS IV.—An Act to amend an Act en-
titled "An Act to promote the development
of the Mining Resources of the United
States."
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the provisions of
the fifth section of the act entitled "An act to
promote the development of the mining re-
sources of the United States," passed May
tenth, eighteen hundred and seventy-two,
which requires expenditures of labor and im-
provements on claims located prior to the pass-
age of said act, are hereby so amended that
the time for the first annual expenditure on
claims located prior to the passage of said act
shall be extended to the tenth day of June,
eighteen hundred and seventy-four.
Approved, March 1,1873.
Chap. CCXV.—An Act to change and fix the
time of holding the Spring Terms of the
United States Circuit and District Courts in
the cities of Covington and Paducah, in the
State of Kentucky.
Be it enacted by the, Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the terms of the Uni-
ted 'States circuit and'district courts heretofore
held in Covington, Kentucky, on the third
Monday in April, shall hereafter be held there
on the second Monday in May; and the terms
of said courts heretofore held in Paducali,
Kentucky, on the third Monday in March, shall
hereafter be held there on the second Monday
in April.
Approved, March 1, 1873.
Chap. CCXVX—An Act authorizing the Pres-
ident to appoint Frank M. Ashton a Second
Assistant Engineer in the Navy of the United
States.
Be it enacted by the Sen ate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President be,
and'is hereby, authorized, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, to appoint
Frank M. Ashton a second assistant engineer
in the United States Navy, subject to the usual
examination.
Approved, March l,k1873.
Chap. CCXVII.—An Act to transfer the con-
trol of certain Powers and Duties in relation
to the Territories to the Department of the
Interior.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatioes of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior shall hereafter exercise all the powers
and perform all the duties in relation to the
Territories of the United States that are now
by law or by custom exercised and performed
by the Secretary of State.
Approved, March 1, 1873.
Chap. CCXVIII.—An Act to provide for the
expenses of the Investigation of alleged
Frauds in the recent Senatorial Election in
Kansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the sum of ten thou-
