1873.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
593
Uuited States, the Government must pay them
large amounts of money over and above their
salaries.
Why, sir, suppose one of these Senators
by the introduction of a bill here to day,
which is passed and becomes a law, should
save the Government $10,000,000 that was
beiug robbed from the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, could that Senator come forward
and say '• I am entitled to a royalty; I am
entitled to prize money; I am entitled to
extra pay because I saved the Government of
the United States $10,000,000? I was a Sena-
tor in the line of my duty, receiving my salary,
but yet I have done an extraordinary thing,
1 have done a thing that has benefited the
Government in an extraordinary manner, and
therefore I am to be paid extra for my ser-
vices?" Do you think any man would enter-
tain such a proposition for a moment? I pre-
sume not; and yet the principle is the same
precisely. If it was the invention of the Sena-
tor's mind, and he was the one who first enun-
ciated the idea, and it was of great benefit, he
would have the same right precisely to ask for
remuneration, in my judgment.
I do not think the principle is correct; it
has never been observed by the Government.
The Government has carefully protected itself
against things of this kind, but I must say that
we are being besieged—I am sorry to say it,
but it is true, and that which is true always
ought to be said—besieged by heirs and by
persons that are not in an impoverished con-
dition, to pay them for that service which was
originally rendered without any expectation
of pay. I am sorry to see this, but it is be-
coming a daily thing here ; every day we are
asked to do such things and it is about time
for the Senate to stop.
Now the ordnance department come forward
and ask us to increase their numbers. They
say they want the staff corps of the Army, ana
especially the ordnance department, increased.
For what? For the purpose of improving
machinery for the Government for the manu-
facture of arm a and ammunition ; and are we
asked only to increase the number that shall
come here and apply in days to come for large
amounts of money? Is that the reason for it?
If this principle is to obtain, I think the fewer
we have the better. That is my judgment
about it.
How, sir, I do protest most solemnly
against this precedent. The question was most
thoroughly examined by a joint committee
of the House and the Senate—1 do not mean
this bill, t>ut the whole question of ordnance,
its fabrication, and the patenting of ordnance
in this country. There was no man on that
committee either from the Senate or the House
who believed it was just or right to give money
to a man in the ordnance department or the
quartermaster's department or the commis-
sary department for an improvement in tents
or in wagons or in the manner of conveying
ordnance stores, or in the fabrication of arms.
Take the quartermaster's department. Their
duty is to buy stores, to buy clothing, to buy
horses, to buy wagons and everything of that
kind for the Army. Do you suppose that
if a man in the quartermaster's department,
that being in the line of his duty, should
invent a wagon that would be more complete
in all its appointments for the purpose of
conveying the goods of the Government to the
Army, he should come forward and . say,
"before the Government shall use that wagon
they shall pay me a royalty on every wagon
that shall be made in the shops of the United
States under my patent," while he was per-
forming only his duty as an officer of the
Government ?
So in the commissary department. Suppose
some officer of the commissary department
should invent and get a patent for some mode
of pickling beef or pork that would make thq
meat better and make it preserve better for
the Army than some other mode, would he
42d Cong. 3i> Sess.—No. 38.
come and ask the Government of the United
States to pay him a royalty on every pickled
ham or pickled middling or pickled piece of
beef, pickled according to his peculiar patent,
before the soldiers should eat it ? I ask you
if that would not be in the line of his duty ?
The line of his duty is to improve on the
rations that are given to the soldier. The line
of the duty of the quartermaster is to improve
on the stores given to officers and soldiers.
So it is in all these things as well as it is in
any department of the Government.
It does strike me that it is rather a singular
principle to establish at this time to pay this
royalty. If gentlemen, as I said, desire the
Government to pay for the use of the patent
from this time on, that is a very different
proposition, but this bill as it stands is cer-
tainly oue that would infringe upon the rights
of the United States and establishes a principle
that would be detrimental to the interests of
the Government.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I be-
lieve that several bills, or at least one or two
bills in substance like this, or subject to the
objection which I intend to state to this, have
passed the Senate and perhaps passed both
Houses ; but I think no other one should.
This bill provides that the claim of Mrs.
Dahlgren shall be referred to the Court of
Claims to inquire—
" First, whether said Admiral Dahlgren was the
original inventor of the Dahlgren gun and rifled
projectiles, or either of them, as described in his sev-
eral patents."
That presents a question very proper for
judicial examination—
" Secondly, what amount of compensation, if any,
is his estate justly entitled to receive for the use of
his inventions and patents as claimed, up to the
time of adjudication, for a fall and entire transfer
of his several patents to the United States ?"
That presents a question which in the nature
qi thingsi& notof judicial determination. This
bill does not require the Court of Claims to
ascertain the value of these projectiles or these
guns. In the nature of things, they can have
no value in the sense in which a horse or any
other chattel has a market value. They are
useful only to a Government. , Therefore a
court would have nothing whatever to guide
, its judgment in determining what should be
I paid; and the real question referred to the
| court is how generous ought the United States
! to be in dealing with the widow of Mr. Dahl-
: gren on this subject? What rules are to guide
the judgment of the court in coming to this
i conclusion ? No rules are fixed by the bill;
no rules of law cap be applied to it. It is
merely transferring the discretionary power of
Congress to the Court of Claims.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator from Wis-
consin will allow me, I will state what I con-
sider to be the effect of this bill. Admiral
Dahlgren had undoubtedly a legal right to
this invention ; he had a patent from the
United States, under the great seal of the
United States, recognizing that he was the
inventor of a certain process for manufac-
turing guns. The Government of the Uuited
States appropriated that right, that private
property. No individual could do it unless
by subjecting himself to a suit for damages;
but the United States appropriated it entirely
to its exclusive use, and not only used it itself
but granted it to foreign Governments, so that
the patent right of Admiral Dahlgren was
absolutely absQrbed by the Government of the
United States. For that he never has been
paid.
The laws of the United States allowed Ad-
miral Dahlgren to take out his patents. There
was no prohibition, as is now sought to be
urged by the Senator from Illinois, against an
officer of the Army or Navy taking a patent.
He had a property right in these, patents, and
the Government took it from him. I do not
know what is the best way to get at the amount.
It may perhaps be better for Congress to fix
it; but the Committee on Naval Affairs, to
-1
whom the subject was referred, reported this
bill. It was originally proposed to allow a
fixed sum, Congress being the judge, but the
Committee on Naval Affairs thought it better
to refer the subject to the Court of Claims, to
examine iuto the matter as to what ought to
be paid, and consider the fact that the money
of the Government went largely to try the
experiments and so on.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator from
Ohio entirely misapprehends the point I was
making on the bill: 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin will please • suspend. The
morning hour has expired, and the Calendar,
under the Anthony rule, is before the Senate,
the pendiug question being on the Wyoming
bill.
Mr. CONKLJNG. 1 hope there will be no
objection to the Senator from Wisconsin con-
cluding his remarks, whether the bill be finally
acted on or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Calendar will be informally
passed over until the Senator from Wisconsin
concludes his remarks on the Dahlgren bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator from Ohio
misapprehends the objection I was making to
this bill. I made no remark on the point he
raises, whether the widow of Mr. Dahlgren is
fairly and justly entitled to any sum of money
from the United States. I know nothing about
the facts, have no opinion upon that question ;
but I say if she has such equitable claim it is
a claim appealing to the judgment of a legis-
lative body ; it is not a judicial question.
Why, what is the amount of that claim in
equity? If the gun was of very slight useful-
ness, then she should have a very small sum.
It may be that this gun was an immense instru-
mentality in putting down the rebellion ; it
may be claimed that the use of this invention
saved a great many vessels, and saved a great
many lives, and saved millions of dollars.
Now suppose such a claim to be urged upon
the Court of Claims. Upon what point of
provision in this bill pan the Court of Claims
stop? They may render a judgment for
$10,000,000, and they render it in the form
of a judgment, which is to be paid out of the
Treasury, without ever consulting Congress on
the subject. In other words, it is putting the
function of this body, it is putting its dis-
cretion and judgment into commission. As
we cannot constitutionally or properly dele-
gate any mere legislative power, we cannot
delegate that. It is not a judicial power; it
does not refer to judicial jurisdiction ; it does
not call for the exercise of judicial power or
judicial methods of investigation. Nobody
supposes that that court is going to call wit-
nesses here to prove the opinions of men as to
how much this gun contributed to the victory
of the Government in the late rebellion. That
cannot be done. It is a matter of opinion ; it
all rests in judgment.
Now, if a bill be introduced hereto pay this
widow thirty or fifty or a hundred thousand dol-
dollars or any other sum, we know then pre-
cisely what we are doing; we can ask then what
are the facts, how useful was this invention to
the Government, what is a proper sum to pay,
and we can determine it and pay it. I am not
saying that we should or should not pay such
a sum, for 1 know nothing about it; I am sim-
ply saying that where a case like this appeals
only to the judgment of this body, and .calls
for the exercise of a power which cannot be
determined in judicial form, it should not be
referred to a judicial court.
This bill goes on to provide that the Court
of Claims shall take into consideration the fact
that when this man invented this gun he was
an officer of the Navy, and that the expense
of experimenting upon it was borne by the
United States. Take that into account for
what purpose ? The bill does not say deduct
it from the amount that would otherwise be
paid. The whole bill shows on its face that
