1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1557
Senator from New Jersey, to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If this motion does not
prevail, the Senator from Vermont will not
then be entitled to the flooi to prevent anybody
else making a motion, as he has now yielded
it, I suppose?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He has not
claimed it, certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If he has allowed another
motion to come in, to lay the two per cent,
bill on the table, I wish to know if that motion
should not be agreed to, would the Senator
from Vermont then be permitted to resume
the floor?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
decide that question when the proper time
arrives, but will not decide it in advance.
The pending question is, first, the motion of
the Senator from Rhode Island to postpone
the two per cent, bill for the purpose of con-
tinuing the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion in relation to printing, and then the
motion of the Senator from New Jersey,
which has priority, that the two per cent, bill
lie on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that motion we may
as well have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays: were ordered.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is this to lay the bill
on the table ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to lay it on
the table unconditionally. It can be taken
from the table, of course, by a majority vote at
any time.
Mr. PENTON. Suppose the bill is laid on
the table, what is the next business in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would then
be the duty of the Chair to recognize the Sen-
ator who addresses him, under the rules of the
Senate, to make some motion, whatever mo-
tion might be submitted.
Mr. RANSOM. I desire to state that I am
paired on this question with the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron.] If he were
here he would vote "yea," and I would vote
"nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 30; as follows t.
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bucking
ham, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Edmunds, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Maryland, Howe, JMorrill of Maine. Morrill of
Vermont, Patterson, Ramsey, Scott, Sprague, and
Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs Bayard, Blair, Borcman, Casserly,
Clayton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, troldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,
Harlan, Johnston. Kelly, Logan, Machon, Norton,
Norwood. Pool, Pratt, Rice, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull,
Vickcrs, and Wilson—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Caldwell, Cameron,
Cooper, Cragin, Davis, Fenton, Hill, Hitchcock,
Lewis, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Ransom, Robertson,
Sawyer, Schurz, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, West,
and Windom—22.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill upon
the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Rhode Island, to postpone the further consid-
eration of the two per cent, bill, for the pur-
pose of proceeding with the consideration of
the joint resolution relating to the publication
of the debates.
Mr. ANTHONY. Of course it is of no use
to press that motion now ; but I give notice
that to-morrow I shall make one last attempt
to bring up this joint resolution ; and if the
Senate chooses to vote me down again, I shall
allow the country, and the world I think, to
suffer that great calamity that the Senator
from Wisconsin apprehends when we shall be
without the light of the Globe. I have tried
for three days, and it is a matter which must
be disposed of at this session, or else our pub-
lication of the debates fails. I will try to-
morrow at one o'elock-
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island withdraws his motion, and
the Senate resumes the consideration of the
two per cent, bill, on which the Senator from
Vermont, if he claims it, is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator from
Vermont to allow me to offer an amendment,
for the purpose of having it printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to submit an
amendment, which I shall offer when the joint
resolution in regard to' the printing of the
debates comes up again, to strike out all of
the joint resolution, and to- insert a substitute;
which I send to the Chair and ask to have
printed. The substance of it is to authorize
the Committee on Printing to enter into a con-
tract with the present printers with a deduc-
tion of live per cent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The proposed
amendment will be ordered to be printed.
MARY E. GROSVENOR.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the Senator from
Vermont to yield to roe for a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think I must stand on
njy rights.
Mr. WRIGHT. I only wish to make a
formal motion.
Mr., EDMUNDS. I yield.
Mr. WRIGHT, Yesterday, during my ab
sence from the Senate, a report was made from
the Committee on Pensions recommending
the indefinite postponement of the bill (H. R.
No. 3589) granting a pension to Mary E.
Grosvenor, and the report was concurred
in. I ask that, by unanimous consent, the
vote indefinitely postponing the bill be re-
considered, and that the bill be placed on the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, that order will be made.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhkrsox, its Clerk, announced
that the House bad passed the following bills
of the Senate without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 138) for the relief of John B.
Emerson;
A bill (S. No. J325) to grant an American
register to the propeller Oliver Cromwell; and
A bill (S. No. 1499) to authorize the North-
ern Pacific Railroad Company to construct and
maintain a bridge across the St. Louis river.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H; R. No. 1704) for the benefit of
Charles Cosby, late a postmaster at Upton-
ville, Hardin county, Kentucky ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 3324) fixing the time for
the election of Representatives from the State
of California to the Forty-Fourth Congress.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills ; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 978) for adjusting the claims
of the State of New Hampshire; and
A bill (S. No. 1168) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to remove the charge of deser-
tion from certain soldiers of the thirteenth
Tennessee cavalry," approved April 10,18(39.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVALS.
A message from the President of the United
;, by Mr. O. E. Babcock, his secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following acts :
An act (S. No. 714) to provide for the
erection of a post' office building at Dover, in
the State of Delaware;
An act (S. No. 1199) for the construction
of a court-house, post office, and other Govern-
ment offices, at Grand Rapids, Michigan ; and
An act (S. No. 1296) to authorize the con-
struction of a tire-proof building at Lincoln,
the capital of Nebraska.
TWO PKR CENT. FUND.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (S. No. 836) declaring the true con-
struction of a statute.
Mr. EDMUNDS, Mr. President, when the
circumstance occurred yesterday of the an-
nouncement of the death of a Representative
from Georgia, I was about to show another
error into which the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Thcemaa'] had fallen. The point of the Sen-
ator as to a second breach of faith that the
United States had committed was that we had
not expended this money in these three suffer-
ing States, that we had expended it to the
eastward of the AHeghanies, and we had
expended it in making a macadamized road
when the people of these States had a right to
expect, and when it was a part of the spirit
of the compact that we should expend it in
making a dirt road or a gravel road, so that
the amount of money to be applied to that
nse might complete the whole work. It is* true
that he had no authority to stand upon in
making that assertion; it is true that thtere
was not a particle of evidence anywhere to
base it upon ; it is true that he did not profess
to present any—not an iota; and yet out of
his abundant resources, they being within his
own brain, and to which of course nobody
else has access, he ventured to declare that ■
we had violated the faith of this, compact and
its spirit in building a macadamized road and
spending our money in building a fine road as
far as it would go, when we ougljt to have built
an entirely different description of road which
would have traversed the whole country, and
which, when it was finished, in these rich val-
leys west of the Aleghanies certainly for about
half the year nobody could travel upon ; and,
as I say, he makes this statement without any
evidence and without any authority.
I did not know then, Mr. President, that
there was evidence of the reverse of his prop
osition. I only knew that when Congress
in 1805, or whatever the first year was, began
this great work, it provided for the President's
appointing a board of commissioners who
should be charged with the laying out of the
road and with the expenditure of the money,
and that from year to year and from time to
time these commissioners were kept up, and
that some of these commissioners were, I be-
lieve—I do not at this moment speak with au-
thority to which lean refer for that statement,
but as I believe—always represented some
one or more of the interested States who now
turn round upon us and say " You have vio-
lated your duty in the expenditure of this
money; " and I knew also, from a careful
searching of the debates and proceedings,
that there had never been until this time, or
until two or three years—perhaps I am safe
in saying until this time—any such pretense
put forward.
But I find, Mr. President, a little evidence
on this precise point, which I commend to the
candid consideration of the honorable Sen-
ators from Indiana in particular, and by reflec-
tion to the honorable Senators from Illinois
and Ohio; and that is a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Indiana itself, which sets forth
in its preamble the history of this work, which
sets forth the expectation of the citizens of the
States west of the Alleghanies, and which
instead of supporting this statement, made
without evidence and without authority in
order to prop up a claim that has nothing else
to stand upon, condemns it by the calm state-
ment of a truth which is exactly the reverse.
Now hear:
" February 11,1848
After all these great sums of money had been
expended, after all that the United States had
been able to do in compliance with its com-
pact had been done, after all that the tax-
payers of the nation had been able to bear in
excess of the stress of that obligation had been
