1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
595
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the vote indefinitely postponing the
bill will be reconsidered, and the bill recom-
mitted to the Committee on Pensions ; and it
is so ordered.
judicial districts in indiana.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1069) establishing two judicial districts
in the State of Indiana.
Mr. PRATT. Upon my application at the
last session this bill was placed on the Calen-
dar after it had been reported upon adversely
by the Committee on the Judiciary. Since
that time I have received new light upon the
subject in the shape of a joint resolution
passed by the General Assembly of the State ;
of Indiana at its recent session, instructing
their Senators and requesting their Repre-
Mutative* to vote against any measure in Con- 'j
gress to divide the State into two or more
judicial districts. The preamble of this reso-
lution recites among other things that "the
proposed new district, so far as the great body
of the people within its limits is concerned,
will occasion great inconvenience by compel- j
ling parties, witnesses, jurors, and counsel to
travel a mnch greater distance than now, by a ; |
circuitous route, and at greatly increased ex- j
pense." The objections to this particular bill ;
in the form in which it was drafted are doubt- <
leu well taken, and under these instructions I
shall withdraw any objection to the indefinite
postponement of the bill. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill, if j
there is no dissent, will be indefinitely post- \
poned ; and it is indefinitely postponed. j
message from the housb. i
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersok, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
3496) to amend an act entitled "An act to
establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States," approved
March 2, 1867; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
expenses of united states marshals.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 614) for the allowance of expenses
incurred by marshals of the United States in
certain cases.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there has been
quite money enough drawn out of the Treas-
ury of the United States to pay assistant mar-
shals and supervisors who have been employed
in the various parts of the Union, and I object
to the consideration of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill will remain on the Calendar.
pensioners in government employ.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 991) providing for the relief of
certain invalid pensioners.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill was
reported favorably from the Committee on
Pensions by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Pratt.]
Mr. PRATT. My impression is—indeed I
feel quite certain—that the committee in-
structed me to report unfavorably upon that
bill and recommend that it be indefinitely
postponed. There is a report, at all events,
accompanying the bill, which I ask may be
read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Pratt from the Coihmittee
on Pensions on the 23d of May, 1872:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
bill H. R. No. 991, report:
The first section of the act supplementary to the
several acts relating to pensions, approved March,
3,1865, provided that no invalid pensioner then or
thereafter in the service of the United States should
be entitled to draw a pension for any period of time
during which he was or should be entitled to the
fulf pay or salary which an able-bodied person dis-
charging like duties to the Government was allowed
by law. This continued to be the law for fifteen
months, until, on the 6th day of June, 1866, the sec-
tion was repealed. (See section S.) No provision
was made in the repealing act for restoring the pen-
sion so suspended during the pensioner's employ-
ment in the service of the United States. To effect
that restoration is the purpose of the House bill. It
is not pretended that Congress did not intend just
what it so unmistakably enacted, nor is its power
to do so brought in question. It is, however, urged
that the law was wrong itself; that it worked an
injurious discrimination against invalid soldiers:
that it was a breach of good faith toward them, and
that all or some of these objections were confessed
in the repeal of the law by the next Congress.
It is further urged that, while maintaining the
strict letter of the law, two decisions have been made !
by the Secretary of the Interior in disregard of its
spirit, but in harmony with justice. ,
Thus, it is said, Mr. Browning decided in January, '
1869, that where an application for a pension was
filed subsequent to June 6,1866, and a pension grant-
ed, no money should be withheld for any time the
pensioner might have beeu in the civil service dur-
ing the time mentioned. f
And it ia urged that General Co*, his successor,
has gone still further in favor of the pensioner, and
decided that where an application had been allowed
since June 6,1866, no matter when the applicant's
declaration was filed, no deduction should be made
for any time the pensioner might have been in the
civil service.
The committee believe these decisions to be in
strict harmony with the letterof the law, since by its
terms the law operates only upon allowed pensions,
and prohibits employes of the Government, actually I
being paid the salaries of able-bodied persons, from
receiving, at the same time, pensions. That was
the precise ohjeot Congress had in view to prevent
the same class from drawing pay in two capacities.
The decisions only prove that Congress did not ac-
complish all it intended. If the law was just, it is
no answer to say that cases unforeseen and unpro-
vided for occurred, which made the law, in its prac-
tical operation, discriminate against those who were !
already in posession of their pensions.
But was the law right ? The men who framed it
thought so, and certainly it was passed at a time
when the heart of the-country was full of gratitude
to the soldiery, and the memory of their patriotio
services and sacrifices was fresh in the national
mind. There was probably never a time, before. or
sinoe, when abetter disposition was felt toward doing
the amplest justice to the disabled survivors of the
war, and the dependents of those who fell in battle,
or died of wounds received or diseases contracted
while in the line of duty.
Pensions are not a matter of strict right except
when promised in advance. Every able-bodied man
owes the duty to his country of taking up.arms
in her defense when required by the constituted
authorities. It is an incident of his allegiance, and a
part of the price he pays for the protection of Gov-
ernment. Besides, the soldier receives pay as well
for the risks he takes as for the servioe he renders.
But all civilized Governments, so far as the com-
mittee know, have recognized (he moral obligations
of paying pensions for the casualties of war where
they touch life or impair seriously the ability of the
soldier to maintain himself.
The pension act of,July 14,1862, not only provided
for existing casualties, but was prospective in its
operation. It waa the pledge of the nation not only
to those then enrolled in the Army and Navy, but
to all who should subsequently join either arm of
the service, that certain classes of persons should be
placed upon the pension-rolls. It extended to. those
disabled in the service, and to the mothers, widows,
and children of those who died by reason of any
wound received or disease contracted while in the
service of the United States. It reached back in
its beneficent operation to the 4th day of March,
1861. A subsequent law required the pension to
bo diminished when the degree of disability was
There is one provision which has run through all
the legislation on the subject, and illustrates the
question under consideration. It is that which for-
feits the pension of the widow upon remarriage. The
reason of this is obvious. By that act, in contem-
plation of law, she is relieved of the necessity of a
pension. , .
So, also, the pension allowed minor children ceases
at the age of sixteen, on the presumption they are
at that age capable, by independent effort, of sup-
porting themselves.
The general purpose pervading all our laws upon
this subject is seen to be to relieve actual or pre-
sumed want growing out of the casualties of war
affecting life, limb, or health. They rest upon this
foundation and none other.
The act of 1865, complained of as unjust for its sus-
pension of pensions, was limited by its terms to in-
valid pensioners, and to them conditionally. It did
not deprive any one of his pension except at his
election. It left the question an open one, to be
determined by himself, whether he would for the
time being receive his pension or asalary such as was
paid to an able-bodied man. He was left to judge
for himself, and in the light of his interest, upon
which he would depend. The Government offered
him the salary of a sound man—all he could have
earned in its service if never disabled—provided he
surrendered his pension for the time being. The
pension was designed to supply his loss by reason
of his disability. But the Government proffered to
waive that disability and treat him as able-bodied,
provided he surrendered, whilo in service, that pon-
sion whioh equalized him, so to speak, with a sound
There is another argument which occurs. The
pension laws in no case allow a pension to a per-
son disabled in the servioe of the United States to
commence until he is discharged from the service.
In other words, while the soldier continues in the
service and is drawing his pay, the policy of the law
does not allow the pension to overlap the time he is
so paid. r
But whatever may be thought of the justice of the
law, as it affected those actually in the service of
the Government at the time it was passed, there is
no pretense for saying that it injured those who,
after its enactment, chose to surrender their pensions
in order to obtain higher pay. And yet, to repeal
the act, as the House bill does, would be to give
back to this class the pensions they voluntarily sur-
rendered in order to obtain situations under the
Government yielding them more money.
It is said the repeal of the law is an acknowledg-
ment by Congress of error or injustice. But this
view can scarcely be maintained, since no provision
was made in the repeal for tho restoration of the
pensions which had been withheld. It might, with
better reason, in the opinion of the committeo. be
maintained that the error was in the repeal. The
law of 1865 was so manifestly just that the wonder
is it was not allowed to remain untouched.
The committee therefore recommend that the bill
be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. PRATT. I thought I was correct in
my recollection that the committee had re-
ported unfavorably upon the bill. The report
was drawn by myself, and I believe its reason-
ing met the unanimous assent of the Commit-
tee on Pensions. I therefore move that the
bill be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
organic act of montana.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1148) to amend the organic act of
Montana Territory.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I noticed from the read-
ing of the bill that it will need an amendment.
I do not know where the chairman of the
Committee on Territories is, but I observe
that as it stands it provides for an election
held last fall.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ed-
munds in the chair.) The bill will be passed
over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not object to the
bill, because I know nothing about it except
that I see it needs some verbal amendment, at
any rate.
Mr. CONKLING. Is this the bill to be
found at the top of page 9 of the Calendar?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. The chairman of the
Committee on Territories is not here. I hap-
pened to observe that he was called out a mo-
ment ago, and I suggest that the bill be passed
over informally. He will be here in a moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask thatitbe so passed
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the bill will be passed
over informally.
government of wyoming.
The next bill on the Calendar was the_ bill
(H. R. No. 2628) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide a temporary government
for the Territory of Wyoming," approved
July 25, 1868.
Mr. BOREMAN. I have some indistinct
recollectiou of that bill, but not sufficient to
explain the proposed amendment of the law.
I see that the chairman of the committee is
not present, and I therefore suggest that the
bill be passed over informally. He will be
here in a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia suggests that this bill
also be passed over informally, and it will be
so passed over.
anson atwood.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 840) for the relief of Anson Atwood.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I move that
that bill be recommitted to the Committee on
Patents. I have new information in regard
to it.
The motion was agreed to.
