1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
seventy-seven thousand three hundred and
twenty dollars.
Second Comptroller of the Treasury.
For Second Comptroller of the Treasury, five
thousand dollars; chief clerk, two thousand
dollars; twelve clerks of class four, twenty
clerks of class three, twenty-eight clerks of
class two, twenty-one of class one; twelve
copyists, at nine hundred dollars each; one
messenger, one assistant messenger, and two
laborers ; in all, one hundred and thirty-eight
thousand eight hundred dollars.
Commissioner of Customs.
For Commissioner of Customs, three thou-
sand dollars; chief clerk, two thousand dol-
lars ; three clerks of class four, seven clerks
of class three, ten clerks of class two, nine
clerks of class one, one messenger, and one
laborer; in all, forty-six thousand four hun-
dred dollars.
First Auditor.
For the FirstAuditor of the Treasury, three
thousand dollars; chief clerk, two thousand
dollars ; three clerks of class four, ten clerks
of class three, ten clerks of class two, thirteen
clerks of class one, one messenger, one assist-
ant messenger, and one laborer; in all, fifty-
eight thousand two hundred and eighty dollars.
Second Auditor.
For Second Auditor, three thousand dol-
lars ; chief clerk, two thousand dollars; six
clerks of class four, and for additional to dis-
bursing clerk, two hundred dollars; fifty-four
clerks of class three, one hundred and nine
clerks of class two, one hundred clerks of
cla'Ss one, one messenger, five assistant mes-
sengers, and seven laborers; in all, three hun-
dred and eighty-four thousand four hundred
and eighty dollars.
Third Auditor.
For Third Auditor, three thousand dollars ;
chief clerk, two thousand dollars; fourteen
clerks of class four ; additional to one clerk
of class four as disbursing clerk, two hundred
dollars ; thirty-two clerks of class three, mnety-
two clerks of class two, fifty-one clerks of class
one; ten copyists, at nine hundred dollars
each; two messengers, three assistant- mes-
sengers, and seven laborers ; in all, two hun-
dred and eighty-nine thousand four hundred
and eighty dollars.
Fourth Auditor.
For the Fourth Auditor, three thousand dol-
lars ; chief clerk, two thousand dollars; five
clerks of class four, eighteen clerks of class
three, twelve clerks of class two, eleven olerks
of class one; seven female clerks, at nine hun-
dred dollars each; one messenger, one assist-
ant messenger, and three laborers; in all,
eighty-two thousand eight hundred and twenty
dollars.
Fifth Auditor..
For the Fifth Auditor, three thousand dol-
lars ; chief clerk, two thousand dollars; four
clerks of class four, eight clerks of class three,
eight clerks of class two, twelve clerks of class
one; seven copyists, at nine hundred dollars
each; one messenger, one assistant messenger,
and two laborers; in all, fifty-nine thousand
nine hundred dollars.
Auditor of the Treasury for the, Post Office
Department.
For compensation of the Auditor of the
Treasury for the Post Office Department, three
thousand dollars; chief clerk, two thousand
dollars; nine clerks of class four; additional
to one clerk of class four as disbursing clerk,
two hundred dollars; forty-nine clerks of class
three, sixty-nine clerks of class two, thirty-
seven clerks of class one, one messenger, one
assistant messenger, and fifteen laborers; also,
eight additional clerks of class three, and fif-
teen assorters of money orders at nine hundred
dollars each, and three additional laborers, at
seven hundred and twenty dollars each, for the
money-order division; in all, two hundred and
eighty-one thousand six hundred and twenty
dollars.
Treasurer.
For compensation of the Treasurer of the
United States, six thousand five hundred dol-
lars ; Assistant Treasurer, two thousand eight
hundred dollars; cashier, two thousand eight
hundred dollars; assistant cashier, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars ; five chiefs of divis-
ion, at two thousand two hundred dollars each,
two principal book-keepers, two thousand
two hundred dollars each; two tellers, at two
thousand two hundred dollars each; one chief
clerk, two thousand dollars; two assistant tel-
lers, two thousand dollars each ; fifteen clerks
of class four, fifteen clerks of class three,
eleven clerks of class two, nine clerks of class
one, sixty female clerks, at nine hundred dol-
lars each; fifteen messengers; five male labor-
ers, at seven hundred and twenty dollars each,
and seven female laborers, at two hundred and
forty dollars each ; in all, oue hundred and
eighty-nioe thousand four hundred and eighty
dollars: Provided, That eight thousand five
hundred dollars are hereby appropriated to be
expended in the office of the Treasurer of the
[Tinted States at the discretion of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Register of the Treasury.
For compensation of the Register of the
Treasury, four thousand dollars; Assistant
Register, two thousand dollars; chief clerk,
two thousand dollars; eight clerks of class
four, twelve clerks of class three, fifteen clerks
of class two, ten clerks of class oue ; eight
copyists at nine hundred dollars each, one
messenger, two assistant messengers, and two
laborers ; in all, eighty-five thousand five hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
Comptroller of the Currency.
For Comptroller of the Currency, five thou-
sand dollars; deputy comptroller, two thou-
sand five hundred dollars ; twelve clerks of
class four, fourteen clerks of class three,
twelve clerks of class two, twelve clerks of
class one, thirty-three female clerks, four
messengers, four laborers, and two night
watchmen; in all, one hundred and twenty
thousand and eighty dollars.
For expenses of special examinations of
national banks, and bank-note plates, and one
clerk of class four, four thousand eight hun-
dred dollars. -
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
For Commissioner of Internal Revenue, six
thousand dollars ; deputy commissioner, three
thousand five hundred dollars; two deputy
commissioners, at three thousand dollars each ;
seven heads of divisions, at two thousand five
hundred dollars each ; thirty-four clerks of
class four, forty-eight clerks of class three,
fifty-two clerks of class two, twenty clerks
of class one ; seventy-live copyists, at nine
hundred dollars each; seven messengers, three
assistant messengers, and fifteen laborers ; in
all, three hundred and fifty-four thousand one
hundred and forty dollars.
For dies, paper, and for stamps, four hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For salaries and expenses of collectors,
officers and agents, surveyors of distilleries,
gaugers, and storekeepers, together with the
expense of carrying into effect the various pro-
visions of the several acts providing internal
revenue, excepting items otherwise estimated
for, four' million six hundred thousand dol-
lars; and hereafter the total net compensation
of collectors of internal revenue shall, in no
case, exceed four thousand five hundred dol-
lar per annum.
For detecting and bringing to trial and
punishment persons guilty of violating the
internal revenue laws, or conniving at the
same, including payments for information and
detection of such violations, one hundred
thousand dollars.
Light-House Board.
For chief- clerk of the Light-House Board,
two thousand dollars; two clerks of class
four, two clerks of class three, one clerk of
class two, one clerk of class one, one female
copyist, one messenger, and one laborer; in
all, thirteen thousand eight hundred and sixty
dollars.
Bureau of Statistics.
For the officer in charge of the Bureau of
Statistics, two thousand five hundred dollars ;
chief clerk, two thousand dollars; twelve
clerks of class four, eightclerks of class three,
ten clerks of class two, five clerks of class one,
five copyists at nine hundred dollars each,
one messenger, one laborer, and one char-
woman at four hundred and eighty dollars;
in all, sixty-five thousand four hundred and
forty dollars.
For temporary clerks for the Treasury De-
partment, forty thousand dollars : Provided,
That hereafter no temporary clerk shall re-
ceive a greater compensation than at the rate
of oue thousand two _ hundred dollars per
annum for the time actually employed.
For stationery for the Treasury Department
and its several bureaus, fifty thousand dollars.
For postage, books, newspapers, arranging
and binding canceled marine-papers, sealing
ships' registers, care of horses for mail and
office wagon, repairs of wagons and harness,
washing towels, investigation of accounts and
records, brooms, brushes, crash, cotton cloth,
cane, chamois skins, dusters, flour, keys, lye,
matches, nails, oil, powders, repairing hand-
stamps. sponge, soap, tacks, wall paper, aud
the other miscellaneous items required for the
current and ordinary business of the Depart-
ment, sixty-five thousand dollars.
For furniture, such as carpets, desks, tables,
chairs,shelvingfor file-rooms, boxes and repairs
of furniture, cases, oil-cloth, matting, rugs,
chair covers and cushions, repairs and laying of
carpets, and other miscellaneous articles of the
like character, forty thousand dollars. .
For coal, wood, lighting the Treasury build-
ing, baskets, books, spittoons, drop-lights and
tubing, files, blank keys, water coolers, tum-
blers, hatchets, ice picks, mail sacks, match
safes aud matches, pitchers, towels, traps,
thermometers, buckets, dippers, saws, and
other miscellaneous items, fifty thousand dol-
INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
Office of the Assistant Treasurer at New
York:
For Assistant Treasurer, eight thousand
dollars; for deputy assistant treasurer, three
thousand six hundred dollars; cashier and
chief clerk, four thousand two hundred dol-
lars; chief of coin division, four thousand dol-
lars • chief of note-paying division, three thou-
sand dollars; chief of note-receiving division,
three thousand dollars; chief of check divis-
ion, three thousand dollars; chief of regis-
tered interest division, two thousand eight hun-
dred dollars; chief of coupon interest divis-
ion, two thousand five hundred dollars ; chief
of fractional currency division, two thousand
five hundred dollars; chief of bond division,
two thousand four hundred dollars; chief
of canceled check and record division, two
thousand dollars ; two clerks, at two thou-
sand four hundred dollars each; six clerks,
at two thousand two hundred dollars each;
ten clerks, at two thousand dollars each; nine
