«>i)8
TUE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
it
on a certain reservation . that a part of this
rt'MTT.i'i >n was necessary (or the military pur-
pose- ot" the United States : that the United
st.ites, !ti conerosity and liberality, permitted
tho-e who occupied that part ot' the reserva-
tion which it 'I'd not need'or military purposes
to hold their possession, and confirmed their
' •>, and tha* part which was necessary for
nvlitary purposes it did not so relinquish ; and
this is an application to pay out of the Treasury
of the United States compensation for 'the
property which the United States owned, and
for the improvements which those who had no
ncht to make upon that property have made.
It may be that it is an appeal to the generosity,
the charity of the Government, but I do not
see that there is any legal orequitable or moral
obligation on the Government to pass this bill.
Mr. COLE. I think I have expressed my
views in regard to this bill once or twice before
to the Senate, and I shall not argue it at any
length at this time. I merely rise to state that
nearly all the titles to real property in San
Francisco arise from possession, from merely
occupying the land by the citizens. Away
back in the early history of that city this land
which i- now claimed as a military reservation
was occupied in v«ry much the same manner
as were other portions of the land within the
city limits, the parties going on it and occupy-
ing it doing so with as much show of right
and m as eood faith as persons settled in vari-
ous other portions of that city, or, as it was
termed under the Mexican law, pueblo.
Many of those so orcupying it were persons
well known in this community: one of them,
it is stated by the Senator from Louisiana,
died but very recently in this city, Major Has-
kell. Another person occupying the land was
Colonel Fremont. His residence was upon
this ground for a long time. There are sev-
eral other influential and very worthy citizens
who occupied as homesteads property that
is now claimed as this reservation. They had
no notice of its being a reservation ; but it is
proper that I should say that it has since been
declared by a judgment of the Supreme
Court of the United States in a case brought
by one of these persons against Major General
McDowell, who took possession of a portion
of th s property, a very valuable and beautiful
homestead of one of these parties, and occu-
pied it as his headquarters during a portion
of the late war.
These parties believed they had a perfect
title to the land there, and had as good reason
for that belief as other persons settling in
the city of San Francisco. I am clearly of
the opinion that they are entitled to relief,
and the more so from the fact that a fsw years
ago Congress released a portion of this reser-
vation to the persons in possession, a part that
was supposed not to be useful for military
purposes, and a clear title immediately passed
to the parties in possession of so much of this
reservation. The parties who were not so
fortunate as to be upon the portion of the
reservation that was yielded up, now ask for
thi.i relief, which Congress can well afford to
give them, and to which they are as much
entitled as the persons who were occupying
the other portion. It would be. in mv judg-
ment. very gross bad faith on the part of the
Government to exercise thmdiscrirnination of
yielding up xo a portion of the persons occu-
pying 'he reservation the property that they
were on and withholding from others any
consideration. ,
I hope the bill will pass. It merely refers
the matter to the United States Court of !
Claims to determine what the rights of the
parties are and the amount that is due to the i
various occupants. There can be, I think, no
complaint of the action of the Senate in this !
regard if it shall pass the bill and do this !
tardy justice. I
Mr. STEWART. I believe this bill is a
matter of justice. The case is not aR stated
tjv the Senator from New Jersey. It is not j
; the case where persons who entered upon the
public lauds as trespassers couie here asking
lor relief; but it is a \erv different case alto-
gether. 1 am familiar with the history of it,
and so are the Senators from California.
Every one that is familiar with the history
will arrive at the same conclusion, that these
claimants have a strong equitable case. This
land was in the pueblo of Sati Francisco.
The Mexican pueblos or towns, under the
decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
Slates, to state them in a general way, be-
longed to the people, that they might have
them to settle, the Government of Mexico ex-
ercising the right to take for public purposes
almost any portion of the pueblo, but that
right was never exercised so as to oppress the
people. It was never exercised so as to take
property that had been settled upon by the
people. The reservations were usually carved
out in ttie beginniug. There was in this
pueblo a large military reservation carved out,
known as the I'residio. some fifteen hundred
acres or more. It was set apart, and it has
been retained. The residue was settled upon.
Various questions arose about the pueblo, but
the people settled there bought their land
from the alcalde under the arrangement that
had descended to them, and they resided upon
it. J'he civil war came, and it was conceived
that this point was necessary for the Govern-
ment of the United States. At that time the
Government had not passed theact relinquish-
ing the Government title to the pueblo land in
San Francisco generally. It was before the
act was passed relinquishing this right or juris-
diction that the Government of Mexico held,
and which descended to the United States.
, But nobody supposed that the Government of
the L'nited S'ates was going to exercise the
power of eminent domain or this ultimate
right that was vested in them in a way to injure
the people or destroy any portion of them.
These people were settled there the same as
the rest. It became necessary for military
purposes to take this point, and it was taken;
the residue of the city that was not found
necessary for military purposes was retained
by the owners. They felt themselves the own-
ers just as much before the passage of the act
relinquishing this right of the United States
as they have since, and propertyaold for about
the game value belore as siuce.
These people had made improvements and
were living there; the property was taken by
the United States, and it was justly regarded by
every one living there and every one familiar
with the circumstances that their property had
been taken for public use.
It is not a case where the title was clear in
the United States and the land was unoccu
pied, as in the case of public lands where there
is a reservation ; but here was property dedi-
cated to the purposes of the city, as the peo-
ple supposed under a title; they were liviug
there with that understanding. A large mili-
tary reservation had already been made. They
had a right to suppose this would not be re-
quiredfor military purposes. They had the
same right to settle upon it that they had upon
the other portion of the city.
I feel special interest in seeing this bill
passed, in consequence of the hardship which
this action of the Government has occasioned
to one or two families that I know, who have |
been nearly broken up by losing this prop-
erty; several of them, the Senator from Caii- :
forma [Mr. Cole] tells mo, have been almost
ruined by having had to submit to these neces-
sities of the Government. A distinction has
been made against them that is unjust, and I
hope relief in some forin'will bo granted.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, one of
the persons concerned here is Major Haskell,
or rather was Major Haskell, for 1 understand
that within two or three hours he died in the
immediate neighborhood, indeed under the
shadow of this building. Before the war had
far progressed I knew Major Haskell, having
seen him very often. He was as alert and
bright a man as you would ordinarily gee.
About a year ago there came into my room
a man whom I did not recognize at all, led by
a lady who turned out to be his wife, and ac
cotnpanied by a little child. He asked me if
1 knew him, and I was compelled to confess
that 1 did not; and when he announced to me
that he was Major Haskell I was more shocked
than I ever was in the same way in my lift*,
before or since. Moved by the interest which
I felt in him, in addition to the ordinary obh
gation resting upon me to investigate this
claim, I looked at it, and I must speak now
from my impression and conclusion rather
I than from the facts, because I have not looked
at it from that time to this, and hence the cir-
cumstances are not sufficiently vivid to make
it safe for me to trust myself in regard to them.
Upon looking at the claim and conversing
with other Senators who had examined it and
knew about it, I satisfied myself of its merits,
and I shall vote for it now.
I have said this much not expecting Sena-
tors to rely upon the impression made on me
or upon the conclusion to which I came, but
expecting them to be so far moved in sensi-
bility by the facts of the case as to make them
perhaps more guarded and abstinent than they
might otherwise be as to objecting, unless they
are clearly satisfied that they should interpose
in this case, which I cannot doubt is one of
extreme and unusual hardship.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, when this
bill was up at the last session it was under the
charge of the Senator from Massachusetts, the
then chairman of the Military Committee, [Mr.
Wilson',] who reported amendments, some of
which were adopted. At that time I read the
report and read the bill, and suggested an
amendment which I understood him to accept.
The Secretary informs me that the bill passed
over by the interposition of some other busi-
ness. and that the amendment I offered, al-
though accepted by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, was not adopted. With the adoption
of that amendment I shall vote for the bill.
The bill as it was framed and reported from
the Military Committee goes beyond what I
think is just and right. The bill of the com-
mittee directs that the Court of Claims shall
ascertain the cash value of the land at the
time it was taken, and also the value of the
improvements, and directs that, having ascer-
tained this value of both land and improve-
ments, the money shall be paid from the
Treasury. Now it is clearly wrong for the
Government of the United States to pay for
land the title to which, under the decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States, is in
the Government already and always has been.
In the face of the decision of the Supreme
Court, it cannot be pretended that there was
any color of title to the land either in Major
Flaskell or in any of the other occupants of
this laud. The land was never divested from
the Government. The Government owned it.
It, was part of a military reservation in the
pueblo of San Francisco ; and because it was
occupied by the Government necessarily during
the war, these parties claim that they have a
i right to the value of the land because it was
their land. The case was taken to the Supreme
I Court of the United States, which tribunal
1 decided adversely to them. Therefore the
| question of title is out of view.
It did strike me that if they made improve-
ments on this land when occupying it, under
the custom of the country, we might indem-
nify them to that extent. They knew very
well that this land was land of the United
States, and they occupied it under the custom
of the country, supposing it would be aban-
doned as a reservation and that then private
parties might, take it.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to call the Sen-
ator's attention to one fact. He seems to
suppose that the Mexican Government when it
encouraged settlement on a pueblo and gave
