1562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Look at the claims that have been made for
nearly a hundred years for expenditures during
tire revolutionary war ; and now look at these
propositions' for reimbursement of expend-
itures incurred more than sixty years ago in
tie last war with England. I repeat, a claim
•Against the Government never dies. It lives
is long as time lasts.
My friend from Maryland [Mr. Vickebs]
yesterday differed from the opinion I expressed,
that it was compound interest that we paid in
the case of Maryland. Now, sir, if it was not
compound interest what was it ? In the first
place the States never claimed that the Gov-
ernment owed them one dollar, and when they
appeared asking a boon from the Government,
a donation, just as my honorable friends from
these three States are now asking a donation out
of your Treasury, the report was that the Gov-
ernment was not holden for those claims, but
inasmuch as the expenditures were made for
a patriotic purpose, the Government would
refund the several sums of money that had
been expended. No bonds were issued to those
States, but the Secretary of the Treasury
opened a book account and credited each State
with the exact amount that it had expended,
and the date of the expenditure. W hen the
Secretary of the Treasury had money from
time to time he paid small sums upon those
several accounts, and when the whole amount
of the principal was paid the account was
Closed, and the transaction ended. No claim
had ever been made for years, but it was a pure
donation, because the money was expended
for patriotic purposes.
In process of years they came here asking
for interest on those several amounts, and the
old States being in a majority over the new,
after several years, got a law passed allowing
them interest, whereupon the Secretary of the
Treasury reopened this book account and cast
interest at six per cent.' on the whole of the
original sum down to its final payment. Then
he took the different sums paid as of those
dates and east interest upon those down to the
day of final payment. Then he deducted one
from the other, allowing six per cent, upon
every dollar ever paid, and the account was
then finally closed again, and closed, as it was
supposed, forever.
Then came in the State of Maryland and
asked that her account might be reopened and
interest cast down to the time of the first pay-
ment and then the payment deducted from
principal and interest. In that way you not
only compound your interest, but you may
Compound it once every month in the year
if the Secretary of the Treasury paid once
a month, and very likely he did, and so you
compound compound interest over and over
and over again ; and under that little innocent
clause the State of Maryland actually got out
of the Treasury between three and four hun-
dred thousand dollars; my recollection is
$388,000. Then all the other States asked
that their accounts might be reopened and
settled upon the basis of the Maryland settle-
ments.
Now, Mr. President, how many other States
are to come in under the proposition before the
Senate I do not know. When this thing first
appeared here, I believe there was but one
State in interest. Now they have got in three;
and I suppose if we do not pass it now, they
will have five or six next time. I do not know
how many States there may be that will have
pretended claims under this precedent. We
set a bad precedent in the case of the State of
Missouri, and now it is proposed to extend
and broaden and deepen the current of that
precedent. I hope the bill will not pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to have
the yeas and nays on that question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask now whether there
cannot be unanimous consent to substitute the
House bill in lieu of the Senate bill? Unless
it can be done by unanimous consent, I will
not press the request.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to substituting the House bill in lieu
of the Senate bill ?
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to my friend
that he ought not to ask that at a moment
when the Senator from Vermont and other
Senators are out.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not make the ob-
jection, but the Senator from Vermont did
make it.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course a
single objection will prevent it; but a bill has
passed the House in the same words, in hcec
verba, and I do not see any reason why we
should pass a different bill.
Mr. HARLAN. During this delay I ask
leave to make a report from a conference
committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will receive the report if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the
report of the committee of conference on the
bill (H. R. No. 2264) to authorize the Catta-
raugus and Alleghany Indians in Isiew York
to lease lands, confirm leases, and quiet titles
to their lands. Before the reading of the
report had been concluded—
Mr. THURMAN. That seems to be a long
report. I think we had better suspend the
reading of it so that the vote may be taken on
the bill before the Senate, and we can take up
the report immediately afterward. Let us
vote on the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio objects to the farther consider-
ation of the report of th'e committee of confer-
ence. The question is on the passage ot
Senate bill No. 836.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask unanimous con-
sent—of course if any Senator objects it cannot
be done—to substitute the House bill for the
Senate bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to that proposition ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know whether
the bills are alike, or not. I think we had
better act on this.
Mr. THURMAN. They are identical, word
for word and letter for letter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Vermont to
object to the proposition.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to ask a question of the
Senators from the States interested in this bill.
I find it stated in the majority report of the
Judiciary Committee that the two per cent,
■spoken of amounts to about $1,100,000; that
there were expended $6,670,000, in round
numbers, on the Cumberland road from the
national Treasury; and that within the limits
of the State of Ohio $2,077,000 were expended
in round figures; within the limits of Indiana,
$1,128,000; in Illinois, $742,445. I should
like to know if these figures are conceded to
jug correct
Mr. THURMAN. Not only was that ex-
pended, but the whole amount and twice the
amount was expended before the road ever
touched the Ohio river. There was not a dol-
lar of the two per cent, expended in Ohio or
Indiana or Illinois.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That was not the
question of the Senator from West Virginia.
Mr. THURMAN. There is no doubt of
those expenditures. There is no doubt either,
as reported by Colonel Totten, that it would
take six millions more to finish the road.
Mr. DAVIS. That is one point; but the
point I desired to know about was whether the
amounts stated in the report were expended
within the States.
Mr. THURMAN. No doubt the report of
Colonel Totten is correct. He gives to the
• exact dollar how much was expended in each
of the States. Nearly three times the amount
of this two per cent, fund was expended before
the road ever touched the Ohio.
Mr. DAVIS. That point is satisfactorily
anwered.
Mr. CONKLING. If I could intervene
without interrupting anybody, I should like to
inquire whether the Senator from Ohio said
what he meant when he said that not one penny
of this two per cent, had ever been expended
in either of these States ?
Mr. THURMAN. I do mean exactly what
I say—not one dollar of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. But on the National road
these sums were expended.
Mr. CONKLING. What does the Senator
mean by that ? Does he mean to say that the
expenditure on the National road was not in
the proper sense an expenditure within the
State; or does he mean that none of this
money was expended on tbe National road
within the State? The Senator does not
attend to what I say, and I do not think it is
worth while that lie should. I think that sort
of statement and allowing it to pass without
satisfying anybody who makes an inquiry is
a fair example of the way in which this bill is
to go, if it goes at all.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like very well
if there were plenty of time to answer the
Senator from Vermont, and I did state in my
own remarks exactly this matter of the ex-
penditure on theroad, and endeavored to show
that that did not at all affect the question which
is now before the Senate. I know very well
that if we take up any more time with this bill
the impatience of the Senate to proceed to
other business will kill the bill; and that
closes our mouths.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I should like to
ask the Senator from Ohio a question. I do
not want to protract this debate at all; but
there cannot be any difference between us,
as we have been on the committee together,
as to the facts of the case. The question is
put whether it is not true that these amounts,
about two millions, were spent in the State of
Ohio, and about $1,120,000 in the State of
Indiana, and $742,000 in the State of Illinois.
There is no doubt about those facts, is there ?
Mr. THURMAN. I have said so half a
dozen times. I said so in the remarks I sub-
mitted to the Senate. I gave the figures to a
dollar, .and I gave the reasons why, in my
judgment, that did not touch the question
at all.
Mr. President, I have already called the at-
tention of the Senate to the fact that the House
bill is not now under consideration, simply
through an oversight of the Judiciary Commit-
tee in failing to report that bill, and I did hope,
therefore, that the appeal of my colleague
would be responded to, and that by unanimous
consent the House bill would be substituted
for the consideration of the Senate in place of
the Senate bill. The effect of passing the Sen-
ate bill is to send it to the House ; and although
there may be two thirds almost in favor of it,
owing ^ to the lateness of the session and the
condition of business before the House, it may
never be reached on its Calendar. Therefore,
although there might be a clear majority in
both branches for the bill, it would be defeated
simply by the accidental oversight of the Ju-
diciary Committee of this body in not report-
ing the bill. Under these circumstances, and
in view of the fact that this bill may never be
reached in the House if it passes, I, as a friend
of the bill—and I ask the friends of the bill to
vote with me upon it—move to lay this bill on
the table, for the purpose of moving then to
take up the House bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves to lay this bill on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I now move to take up
the House bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
