262
APPENDIX TO THE CONGSESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
clerks, at one thousand eight hundred dollars
each ; four clerks, at one thousand seven hun-
dred dollars each; four clerks, at one thou-
sand six hundred dollars each ; ten clerks, at
one thousand four hundred dollars each ; three
clerks, at one thousand two hundred dollars
each ; five messengers, at one thousand three
hundred dollars each; one messenger, one
thousand two hundred dollars; keeper of
building, one thousand eight hundred dol-
lars ; chief detective, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars ; assistant detective, one thousand
four hundred dollars; four hall men, at one
thousand dollars each ; six watchmen, at seven
hundred and thirty dollars each ; one engineer,
one thousand dollars; one porter, nine hun-
dred dollars; in all, one hundred and forty-
eightthousand ninehundred and eighty dollars.
Office of the Assistant Treasurer at Bos-
ton :
For Assistant Treasurer, five thousand dol-
lars ; for chief clerk, two thousand seven hun-
dred dollars ; paying teller, two thousand five
hundred dollars; chief interest clerk, two
thousand five hundred dollars; receiving teller,
one thousand eight hundred dollars; first
book-keeper, one thousand seven hundred dol-
lars; second book-keeper, "depositors'"
accounts, one thousand five hundred dollars;
stamp and new fractional currency clerk, one
thousand eight hundred dollars ; specie clerk,
one thousand five hundred dollars; two coupon
clerks, at one thousand four hundred dollars
each ; fractional currency redemption clerk,
one thousand two hundred dollars; receipt
clerk, one thousand two hundred dollars; as-
sistant book-keeper, eight hundred dollars;
money clerk, one thousand dollars ; assistant
currency redemption clerk, one thousand one
hundred dollars; assistant currency redemp-
tion clerk, one thousand dollars; messenger
and chief watchman, one thousand and sixty
dollars.; two watchmen at eight hundred and
fifty dollars each ; assistant specie clerk, one
thousand four hundred dollars; in all, thirty-
five thousand one hundred and ten dollars.
Office of Assistant Treasurer at San Fran-
cisco :
For Assistant Treasurer, in addition to his
salary as treasurer of the branch mint, one
thousand five hundred dollars; for cashier,
three thousand dollars; for book-keeper, two
thousand five hundred dollars ; for assistant
cashier, two thousand dollars; for assistant
book-keeper, two thousand dollars; forstamp-
clcrk, two thousand four hundred dollars; for
one clerk, one thousand eight hundred dollars;
for three night watchmen, four thousand five
hundred dollars; for one day watchman, nine
hundred and sixty dollars; in all, twenty thou-
sand six hundred aud sixty dollars.
Office of Assistant Treasurer at Philadel-
phia:
For Assistant Treasurer, in addition to his
salary as treasurer of the Mint, one thousand
five hundred dollars; for cashier and chief
clerk, two thousand seven hundred dollars;
chief book-keeper, two thousand five hundred
dollars; chief interest clerk, one thousand
nine hundred dollars; assistant book-keeper,
one thousand eight hundred dollars; coin
teller, one thousand seven hundred dollars;
registered interest clerk, one thousand seven
hundred dollars; assistant coupon clerk, one
thousand six hundred dollars ; fractional cur-
rency clerk, one thousand six hundred dollars;
assistant registered loan clerk, one thousand
five hundred dollars; assistant registered loan
clerk, one thousand four hundred dollars;
assistant coin teller, on,e thousand four hun-
dred dollars; assistant fractional currency
clerk, one thousand four hundred dollars;
receiving teller, one thousand three hundred
dollars; assistant receiving teller, one thou-
gand two hundred dollars; superintendent of
building, one thousand one hundred dollars;
seven female counters, at nine hundred dol-
lars each, six thousand three hundred dollars;
four watchmen at nine hundred and thirty
dollars each, three thousand seven hundred
and twenty dollars; in all, thirty-six thousand
three hundred and twenty dollars.
Office of Assistant Treasurer at Saint
Louis:
For Assistant Treasurer, five thousand dol-
lars; chief clerk and teller, two thousand five
hundred dollars; assistant teller, one' thou-
sand eight hundred dollars; book-keeper, one
thousand five hundred dollars; assistant book-
keeper, one thousand two hundred dollars;
messenger, one thousand dollars; four watch-
men, at seven hundred dollars each, two thou-
sand eight hundred dollars; in all, fifteen
thousand eight hundred dollars.
Office of Assistant Treasurer at New
Orleans:
For Assistant Treasurer, four thousand five
hundred dollars; for chief clerk and cashier,
two thousand five hundred dollars'; one clerk,
two thousand dollars; two clerks, three tliou-
saud dollars; one porter, nine hundred dol-
lars; two watchmen, one thousand four hun-
dred and forty dollars; amounting, in all, to
fourteen thousand three hundred and forty
dollars.
Office of Assistant Treasurer at Charles-
ton, South Carolina:
For Assistant Treasurer, four thousand dol-
lars ; one clerk, one thousand eight hundred
dollars; one clerk, one thousand six hundred
dollars; one assistant messenger, seven hun-
dred and twenty dollars; and two watchmen,
one thousand four hundred and forty dollars;
in all, nine thousand five hundred and sixty
dollars.
Office of Assistant Treasurer at Baltimore :
For Assistant Treasurer, five thousand dol-
lars; for cashier, two thousand five hundred
dollars; for three clerks, five thousand four
hundred dollars; for three clerks, four thou-
sand two hundred dollars; for two clerks, two
thousand four hundred dollars; for one mes-
senger, eight hundred and forty dollars; for
five vault watchmen, three thousand six hun-
dred dollars; in all, twenty-three thousand
nine hundred and forty dollars.
Office of depositary at Chicago:
For cashier, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars; for one clerk, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars; for two clerks, three thousand
dollars ; for one clerk, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars; for one messenger, eight hun-
dred and forty dollars; for one watchman,
seven hundred and twenty dollars; in all, ten
thousand and sixty dollars.
Office of depositary at Cincinnati:
For cashier, two thousand dollars; for one
clerk, one thousand eight hundred dollars; for
one clerk, one thousand five hundred dollars;
for two clerks, two thousand four hundred
dollars; fortwo clerks, two thousand dollars;
for one messenger, six hundred dollars ; for
two watchmen, one at seveu hundred and
twenty dollars, and one at two hundred and
forty dollars; in all, eleven thousand two hun-
dred and sixty dollars.
Office of depositary at Louisville:
For cashier? two thousand dollars ; for one
clerk, one thousand five hundred dollars ; for
one clerk, one thousand two hundred dollars ;
for one watchman, seven hundred and twenty
dollars; in all, five thousand four hundred
and twenty dollars.
Office of depositary at Pittsburgh :
For cashier, one thousand eight hundred
dollars ; one clerk, one thousand four hundred
dollars ; one watchman, seven hundred and
twenty dollars; in all, three thousand nine
hundred and twenty dollars.
Office of depositary at Santa Fe:
For depositary, in addition to his pay as
receiver, two thousand dollars; one clerk, one
thousand two hundred dollars ; two watchmen,
each seven hundred and twenty dollars ; in all,
four thousand six hundred and forty dollars.
Office of depositary at Tucson, Arizona:
For depositary, in addition to his pay as
postmaster, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars. '
For compensation to designated deposit-
aries, for receiving, keeping, and disbursing
public money, five thousand dollars.
For checks and check-books for disbursing
officers and others, and certificates of deposits
for the treasurer, assistant treasurer, and
designated depositaries, thirteen thousaud dol-
lars.
For compensation to special agents tp ex-
amine the books, accounts, and money on
hand at the several sub-Treasuries and deposi-
tories, including national banks acting as
depositaries under the act of the sixth of
August, eighteen hundred aud forty-six, six
thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses under the act of
the sixth of August, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, for the collection, safe-keeping,
transfer, and disbursement of the public rev-
enue, one hundred thousand dollars: Provided,
That no part of said sum shall be expended
for clerical services.
For additional clerks under the act for the
better organization of the Treasury, at such
rates as the Secretary of the Treasury may
deem just and reasonable, ten thousand dol-
lars.
UNITED STATES MINT, BRANCHES, AND ASSAY
OFFICES.
Mint at PhiladetyJiia.
For salaries of the Director, treasurer, as-
saycr, melter and refiner, chief coiner and
engraver, assistant assayer, and seven clerks,
thirty-seven thousand nine hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, one
hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, in-
cluding wastage, new machinery, and repairs,
thirty .five thousand dollars.
For specimens of ores and coins, to be pre-
served in the cabinet of the Mint, six hundred
dollars ; for freight on bullion and com, five
thousand dollars.
Branch Mint at Ban Francisco, California.
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer,
assayer, melter and refiner, coiner, and six
clerks, thirty thousand five hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen aud adjusters, two
hundred thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses,
repairs, and wastage, fifty-nine thousand five
hundred and forty-five dollars.
Branch Mint at Carson City, Nevada.
For salaries of superintendent, assayer, mel-
ter and refiner, and coiner, and four clerks,
seventeen thousaud nine hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, sixty-
seven thousand dollars.
For chemicals, charcoal, wood, and inci-
dental expenses, fifty-three thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
Assay Office, New York.
For salary of superintendent, four thousand
five hundred dollars; for salary of assayer,
three thousand dollars; for salary of melter
and refiner, three thousand dollars ; for com-
pensation of clerks, at the discretion of the
Secretary of the Treasury, ten thousand two
hundred dollars.
