1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
Laws of the United States,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
For wages of workmen, sixty-eight thousand
dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses,
twenty-two thousand dollars.
Branch Mint at Denver.
For assayer, (who shall have charge of said
mint,) two thousand five hundred dollars; for
melter, two thousand five hundred dollars.
E\>r three clerks, at one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars each, five thousand four hundred
dollars.
For wages of workmen, fifteen thousand
three hundred and thirty-five dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, in-
eluding repairs and wastage, five thousand
dollars.
Assay Offiee at Boise City, Idaho.
For salaries of assayer, who shall have
charge of the assay office, melter and refiner,
and clerk, five thousand four hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen, three thousand dol-
lars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
Assay Office at Charlotte, North Carolina.
For salaries: assayer, thousand five hundred
dollars, melter and refiner, one thousand two
hundred dollars; wages of fireman, laborer,
man of all work, two huudred and ninety-two
dollars.
Contingent expenses: charcoal, fuel, lights,
acids, fluxes, crucibles, freights, postage,
books, stationery, miscellaneous items, repairs
of assaying department, and incidental ex-
penses, one thousand five hundred dollars.
GOVERNMENT IN THE TERRITORIES.
Territory of Arizona.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice, and
two associate judges, secretary, interpreter and
translator in the executive office, fourteen
thousand dollars.
For rent of office, fuel, lights, postage, stor-
age of furniture of the Legislative Assembly,
and expenses of library, three thousand dol-
lars : Provided, That no law of any territorial
Legislature shall be made or enforced by which
the members or officers of any territorial Legis-
lature shall be paid any compensation other
than that provided by the laws of the United
States.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
Territory of Colorado.
For salaries of Governor, and superintendent
of Indian affairs, chief justice and two asso-
ciate judges, and secretary, thirteen thousand
three hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the secretary's
office, two thousand dollars.
Territory of Dakota.
For salaries of Governor and superintendent
of Indian affairs, chief justice and two associate
judges, and secretary, thirteen thousand three
hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
For rent of secretary's office, stationery,
blanks, light, fuel, labor, postage, storage, and
necessaries of similar character, one thousand
seven hundred and fifty dollars ; for incidental
expenses, two hundred and fifty dollars; in
all, two thousand dollars.
Territory of Idaho.
For salaries of Governor and superintend-
ent of Indian affairs, chief justice and two
associate judges, and secretary, thirteen thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
Territory of Montana.
For compensation of Governor, chief justice
and two associate judges, and secretary, thir-
teen thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
For per diem and mileage of members of the
Legislative Assembly, eight thousand dollars;
for pay of officers and employes, two thou-
sand three hundred dollars ; for printing, four
thousand dollars; for furniture, rent, station-
ery, postage, fuel, lights, clerk hire, and neces-
sary incidental expenses of similar character,
five thousand seven hundred dollars; in all,
twenty thousand dollars.
Territory of New Mexico.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice and
two associate judges, and secretary, and ex-
officio superintendent of public buildings and
grounds, thirteen thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For interpreter and translator in the execu-
tive office, five hundred dollars; for contingent
expenses of the Territory, one thousand dol-
lars.
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of Legislative Assembly; officers, clerks,
and contingent expenses of the Assembly ; for
rent of office, fuel, lights, stationery, printing,
salary of messenger, and other incidental ex-
penses of the secretary's office, twenty thousand
dollars.
Territory of Utah.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice," two
associate judges, and secretary, thirteen thou-
sand five huudred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly, officers,
clerks, and others, and contingent and miscel-
laneous expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
Territory of Washington.
For salaries of Governor, chief justice, two
associate judges, and secretary, fourteen thou-
sand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
For per diem and mileage of members and
officers of Legislative Assembly, fourteen thou-
sand dollars : Provided, That the sessions of
said Legislative Assembly shall not hereafter
extend beyond forty days from the first day of
meeting thereof; for printing laws and jour-
nals, four thousand dollars; for stationery,
fuel, lights, rent, and other incidental expenses,
two thousand dollars ; in all, twenty thousand
dollars.
Territory of Wyoming.
For salaries of Governor and superintend-
ent of Indian affairs, chief justice, two asso-
ciate judges, and secretary, thirteen thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Territory,
one thousand dollars.
For per diem and mileage of officers and
members of the Legislative Assembly; inci-
dental expenses of the same ; printing of the
laws and the journals of the two houses; sta-
tionery, fuel, lights, postage, rent of office,
printing, storage of furniture, and so forth,
twenty thousand dollars.
District of Columbia.
For salary of the Governor, three thousand
dollars ; for salary of the secretary, two thou-
sand dollars ; for pay of' the members of the
council, two thousand eight hundred and eighty
dollars; for salaries of four members of the
Board of Public Works, ten thousand dollars;
for salaries of the members of the Board of
Health, at two thousand dollars each, ten thou
sand dollars; making in all, twenty-seven thou-
sand eight hundred and eighty dollars: Pro-
vided, That no part of the sum hereby appro-
priated shall be paid to any member of such
boards who shall hold any other Federal office.
WAR DEPARTMENT.
_ For compensation of the Secretary of War,
eight thousand dollars; chief clerk, at two
thousand five hundred dollars; two clerks, at
two thousand dollars ; three clerks of class
four; for additional to one clerk of class four,
as disbursing clerk, two hundred dollars ; for
six clerks of class three, three clerks of class
two, eight clerks of class one, one messenger,
three assistant messengers, one laborer; in
all, forty-seven thousand two hundred and
twenty dollars.
To enable the Secretary of War to have the
rebel archives examined, and copies furnished
from time to time for the use of the Govern-
ment, six thousand dollars: Provided, That
no claims against the United States for col-
lecting, drilling, or organizing volunteers for
the war of the rebellion shall be audited or
paid unless presented before the end of the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy four ; and all claims for
horses lost prior to January first, eighteen
hundred and'seventy-two, shall be presented
by the end of said fiscal year.
For contingent expenses, twelve thousand
dollars.
Office of the Adjutant General:
For chief clerk, two thousand dollars ; six
clerks of class four, twelve clerks of class
three, fifty-four clerks of class two, forty
clerks of class one ; and two messengers, one
assistant messenger, and one fireman ; in all,
one hundred and fifty-eight thousand seven
hundred and twenty dollars.
For contingent expenses, eighteen thousand
dollars.
Office of the Quartermaster General:
For chief clerk, two thousand dollars ; three
clerks of class four, eight clerks of class three,
twenty clerks of class two, seventy-five clerks
of class one; thirty copyists, at nine hundred
dollars each ; superintendent of the building,
two hundred dollars; one messenger, two as-
sistant messengers, and six laborers ; in all,
one hundred and seventy-two thousand dol-
lars.
For contingent expenses, ten thousand dol-
lars.
Office of the Paymaster General:
E'or chief clerk, two thousand dollars; four
clerks of class four, nine clerks of class three,
twenty-three clerks of class two, twelve clerks
of class one, and two messengers, seventy-one
thousand eight hundred and eighty dollars.
For contingent expenses, five thousand dol-
lars.
Office of the Commissary General:
For chief clerk, two thousand dollars ; one
clerk of class three, eight clerks of class two,
fifteen clerks of class one, one messenger, and
two laborers; in all, thirty-five thousand and
eighty dollars.
For contingent expenses, namely: oliice
rent, repairs, and miscellaneous items, six
thousand dollars.
Office of the Surgeon General:
For chief clerk, two thousand dollars ; one
clerk of class three, two clerks of class two,
eight clerks of class one, one messenger, and
one laborer; in all, seventeen thousand five
hundred and sixty dollars.
For contingent expenses, blank books, sta-
tionery, binding, rent, fuel, and including rent
of Surgeon General's office and Army Medical
Museum, eight thousand dollars.
Office of Chief Engineer :
For chief clerk, two thousand dollars ; three
clerks of class four, four clerks of class three,
