im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
February 21,
the Senate amendments, and agree, to the same,
Willi toe following amendments, to wit:
Strike out all alter the enacting clause and insert
the following: ^ , ... ,
Sjbc. 1. That the Cattaraugus and Alleghany
Indians, located on the Cattaraugus ana Alleghany
js&ervrttions, in the State of New York, are, hereby,
authorized by a. resolution of their council, accord-
ing to their system of government, to lease any of
their lands on said reservations for village or town
lots* for the purpose of erecting thereon private
resvdentfes-. business houses, shops, and factories,
ana ateo.Jherightof way to railroads.intoor through
their 4ands, not more than one hundred feet m
width; said leases to be for a term of not more
than twelve years, subject to renewal from time to
time for a period not longer than twelve years, with
a readjustment of the rates of rent, the said rents
now due or hereafter to become duo, ot all kinds, to
he-paid annually to the United States Indian agent
for said Indians, and distributed by him per capita
among said Indians, and accounted for under such
regulations as the' Secretary of the Interior may
prescribe; and all leases heretofore made by said
Indians in council, or by individual Indians, for the
purposes aforesaid, are hereby confirmed lor the
Unexpired period of said leases, not exceeding six
years from the passage of this act, and subject to
renewal as in the case of new leases hereinbefore
provided for? and the said Indian agent shall have
authority to recover in his own name, as agent, all
of said rents due, or hereafter to bercome^uue, in
an action ;it law jn any court of competent jurisdic-
tion; and m case the said lessors and lessees cannot
agree upon the amount of said rents to be paid by
any lessee, then the said Indians in council shall
chodso a person and the lessee shall choose a per-
son? .and it they cannot agree upon the amount of
said rent^  then the said referees shall choose a third
person, and the amount agreed upon by said referees,
or a majority of them, shall be the amount of the
rent to be paid by said lessee.
Sec. 2. The President of the Imited States lshcre-
by authorized to negotiate with the said Indians
residing upon the said reservations for a cession to
the United States of the easterly portion of the said
Alleghany reservation, containing not more than
fifteen thousand acres of land, to be set off in a com-
pact tract, commencing at the eastern boundary of
said Allegany reservation, and including the vil-
lages of Salamanca; said cession to be approved by
said Indians by a majority vote of all the male In-
dians on said reservations, twenty-one years old
and upward, at an election to be held for that pur-
pose, due notice thereof being given. The President,
aforesaid, is hereby directed to appoint three com-
missioners, whose duty it shall be to cause the above.-
described land to be surveyed into farm and town
lots of convenient size; but farm lots not to exceed
forty acres; and after appraisement of the value of
said lots by said commissioners, exclusive of the
improvements put thereon by white settlers or rail-
road corporations holding as lessees under color of
title from said Indians, to sell the same at public
auction, for not less than the appraised value, to the
highest bidder for cash, and the United States Gov-
ernment snail execute a patent therefor to said pur-
chaser or his assigns; Provided, That any settler or
railroad corporation owning the improvements
thereon shall have the prior right to purchase the
lot or lots occupied by them, and held under color
of title as aforesaid, at the appraised value; and in
case such lot or lots so purchased shall not be paid
for within ninety days aHer notification of the ap-
praisal of the said lot or lots, ^hall be sold, to the
highest bidder as aforesaid, at not less than the said
appraised value, including the appraised value of
the improvements thereon; and any Indian may
pUTClia&e the lot upon which his improvements exist,
not exceeding forty acres, at the appraised value,
exclusive of the* improvements; and incase of his
failure to make such purchase and payment within
ninety days, the said lot, including improvements
thereon, shall be sold to the highest bidder, and the
value of his improvements on any such lot shall be
paid to him out of the proceeds ot such sale.
Sec. 3. That the Secretary of the Treasury shall
pay, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to the owners of the preeemption
right or fee of the said Alleghany and Cattaraugus
reservations, upon their relinguishing their title to
such reservations to thesaid Indians, orto the Secre-
tary of the Interior for their benefit, in such form and
manner as the Attorney General may prescribe, f,he
appraised value of the &aid preemption right or fee,
hot exceeding three dollars per acre, of the contents
of thesaid two reservations, such value to be ascer-
tained by said commissioners.
Sec. 4. That the proceeds of sale to arise from
the said lands directed to be sold as aforesaid shall
be applied, in the first instance, to reimburse the
United States the moneys paid to the owners of the
preemption right or fee as above provided, and the
residue shall be paid into the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, and held as a trust fund, the interest
upon which shall be paid annually to the said In-
dians, under such regulations as the Secretary of
the Iuterior may prescribe.
Sec. 5. That whenever the said Indians shall
express their desire for the subdivision of the resi-
due of the said reservations by a majority vote of
the male Indians over twenty-one years of age, at
an election to be held for that purpose, dije notice
being given therefor, under such regulations as the
Secretary of the-Interior may prescribe, it shall b«
the duty ot the Secretary of the Interior te cause
the said lands to be surveyed into tracts of conven-
ient size, and to allot the same in severalty to the
Indians on said reservations, &hare and share, alike,
in value, exclusive of iniP.ro v em en ts, and. as fa* as
practicable, so as to include fhe improvements owned
by each on the tract allotted to him, al?dgiveto
each a patent for his said allotment, without the
nnwer to sell or the right to create a hen >thereon..
Sec 6 That any Indian in either of said tribes is
hereby authorized to sell and dispose of hw per-
sonal property and receive pay therefor in thesame
manner as any citizen of the .United States, and
maintain an action therefor in any court of com-
petent jurisdiction; and any Indian m the occu-
pancy of his land, as aforesaid, is hereby authorized
to maintain any action in the courts aforesaid that
any citizen could for the recovery of his real or per-
sonal property, or for damage done to said property,
or to recover the value of any personal property
wrongfully taken from him.
j as. harlan.
wm. a. buckingham,
R. E. FENTON.
Managers on the part of ths Senate.
john P. c. shanks,
w. McClelland,
walter l. sessions,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Coinmittee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
3498) making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department for the year
ending June 30,, 1874.
Mr. COLE. I will not detain the Senate by
making any explanations of the amendments
proposed by the Committee on Appropriations
to this bill unless they be desired by Senators.
The bill has been printed and before this body
for several days, and I suppose everybody has
examined it. It is rather brief at most. I ask
that the amendments reported by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations be disposed of as they
are reached in the reading of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The bill will be read
and that course will be pursued.
The Chief Clerk preceded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was on page 2, line thirty;six
of section one, before the words " twenty
thousand" to insert the words "not less
than so as to read, " at, every place con-
taining a population of not less than twenty
thousand," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 3, after
line forty of section one, to insert the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That all persons receiving their mail
by the free delivery system shall provide at their
dwellings, offices, or places of business, proper re-
ceptacles for a safe, economical, and speedy delivery
of their mail matter.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 3, lines
sixty and sixty-one of settion one, to reduce
the appropriation " for manufacture of postal
cards" from $167,000 to $100,000.
Mr. COLE. Let that be passed over for the
present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be passed over. The reading of
the bill will proceed.
The next amendment of the Committee ou
Appropriations was on page 4, lines sixty-two
and sixty-three of section one, to reduce the
appropriation " for pay of distributing agents
and assistants from $14,000 to $7,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 4, lines
sixty-five and sixty-six of section one, to in-
crease the appropriation "for payments on
account of mail depredations and for special
agents" from $W0,000to $1(33,425.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 4, after
the .word "dollars," in line sixty-six of section
one, to insert the following;
And the Postmaster General is hereby authorized
to appoint one additional special agent, to be em-
ployed in detecting and punishing persons engaged
in sending immoral or obscene matter through the
mail in violation of law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 4, lines
seventy-one and seventy-two of section one, to
reduce the appropriation i' for mail-bags and
mail-bag catchers from $200,000 to $180,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 5, line
one hundred and seven of section one, after
the words "to wit" to strike oat the words;
That the proprietors of railroad routes shall ex-
eeute con tracts in due form for the faithful perxorm-
ance of the service.
The.amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment wag on page 6, to
strike out the following proviso from lines
one hundred and thirty to one hundred and
thirty-seven of section one:
Provided, further, That additional pay may be
allowed at a rate not exceeding twenty-five dollars
per mile per annum for every line of railway post
office cars of sufficient and suitable size, fixtures,
and furniture, properly lighted and warmed, pro-
vided for railway post office clerks to accompany
and distribute the mails, and run once a day each
way upon such trains as may be satisfactory to the
Post Office Department.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Provided also, That in case any railroad oompany
now furnishing railway post office cars shall refuse
to provide such cars, sueh company shall not be
entitled to any increase or compensation under any
provision of this act: Provided further. That addi-
tional pay may be allowed for every line comprising
a daily trip each way of railway post office cars, at
a rate not exceeding twenty-five dollars per milo
per annum for cars forty feet in length, and thirty
dollars per mile per annum for forty-five feet cars;
and forty dollars per mile per annum for fifty-feet
cars, and fifty dollars per mile per annum for fifty-
five to sixty feet cars: And provided also, 1 hat the
length of cars required for such post office railway
ear service shall be determined by the Post Office
Department, and all such cars shall be properly
fitted up, furnished, warmed, and lighted for the
accommodation of clerks to accompany and dis-
tribute the mails.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 8, sec-
tion three, lines three and four, to strike out
"$5,396,602" and insert " $5,302,602;" so
as to read :
That if the revenues of the Post Office Depart-
ment shall he insufficient to meet the appropria-
tionsmade by this act, then the sum ot $5,502,602, or
so much thereof as may be necessary, be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of sec-
tion three, to insert the following proviso :
Provided, That all laws and parts of laws permit-
ting the transmission by mail of any free matter
whatever be, and the same are hereby, repealed
from and after June 30,1873.
Mr. BOREMAN. I should like to make an
inquiry. There is a special law now author-
izing authors of books to send them through
the mail free in order to get a copyright from
the Librarian, I believe. I think this phrase-
ology would do away with that law. Is it the
intention of the committee to do so?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out from
line ninety-nine to line one hundred and sixty-
four. The Senate seems to be very thin, how-
ever.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator from Ohio allow the Chair to inquire
of the Senator from California in reference to
the amendment on page 3 which was passed
over? Does the Senator desire to have it
passed over until the bill is reported to the
Senate?
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to move a
further amendment to tHat amendment on
3. Can I move it now ?
fir. SHERMAN. No; I have moved an
amendment. I understand the Senator from
California wishes the amendment of the com-
mittee which was reserved disagreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposed by the committee on page 3,
lines sixty and sixty-one, reduces the appro-
priation for manufacture of postal cards from
$167,000 to $100,000.
Mr. COLE. Let that be disagreed to ; then
I will propose an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
