264
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,'
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
four clerks of class two, four clerks of class
one, one messenger, and one laborer; in all,
twenty-five thousand seven hundred and sixty
dollars.
For contingent expenses, namely: for sta-
tionery, office furniture, miscellaneous and
incidental expenses, including professional
books, maps, and two daily Washington news-
papers, three thousand five hundred dollars.
Office of the Chief of Ordnance:
For chief clerk, two thousand dollars s three
clerks of class four, two clerks of class three,
four clerks of class two, six clerks of class one,
and one messenger) in all, twenty-four thou-
sand two hundred and forty dollars.
For contiSgent expenses, namely: station-
ery, envelopes, wrapping paper, for sending
blanks to the arsenals,' forts, permanent batte-
ries, and troops in the field, telegrams, express
charges, and incidentals of a similar nature,
furniture, matting, carpets, oil-cloth, profes-
sional books for ordnance department library,
pamphlets, and newspapers, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
Office of Military Justice:
For one chief clerk, at two thousand dol-
lars; one clerk of class three ;,oue clerk of
class one ; in all, four thousand eight hundred
dollars.
For contingent expenses, five hundred dol-
lars.
For Signal Office:
For two clerks of class two, two thousand
eight hundred dollars.
Office of the Inspector General:
For one clerk of class three, one thousand
six hundred dollars.
War Department Buildings.
For compensation of superintendent of the
building occupied by the War Department,
(two hundred and fifty dollars,) four watch-
men and two laborers; in all, four thousand
five hundred and seventy dollars.
For labor, fuel, lights, and miscellaneous
items for the said building, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For superintendent of builcfing corner of
Seventeenth and F streets, (two hundred and
fifty dollars,) and four watchmen and two
laborers; in all, four thousand five hundred
and seventy dollars.
For fuel for warming the entire building,
and for operating the ventilating fan in sum-
mer, repairs of steam warming and ventilating
apparatus, pay of engineer and fireman, mat-
ting and oil-cloth for halls, gas, white-wash-
ing, and other incidental expenses, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For superintendent of the building occupied
by the Paymaster General, (two hundred and
fifty dollars,) and for five watchmen and two
laborers; in all, five thousand two hundred
and ninety dollars.
For rent of building, and fuel and contin-
gencies, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
NAVY DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of- the
Navy, eight thousand dollars; for compensa-
tion of the chief clerk of the Navy Depart-
ment, at two thousand two hundred dollars,
and, additional to chief clerk, three hundred
dollars, to continue while there is no assistant
secretary, and no longer; one disbursing clerk,
at two thousand dollars; four clerks of class
four, four clerks of class three, two clerks of
class two, three clerks of class one, two mes-
sengers, and two laborers; in all, thirty-five
thousand six hundred and twenty dollars.
For stationery, furniture, newspapers, and
miscellaneous items, five thousand dollars.
Bureau of Yards and Docks.
For civil engineer, three thousand dollars ;
chief clerk, one thousand eight hundred dol-
lars; draughtsman, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars; one clerk of class four, two
clerks of class three, one clerk of class two,
one clerk of class one, one messenger, and one
laborer; in all, fifteen thousand seven hundred
and sixty dollars.
For stationery, books, plans, drawings, labor,
and miscellaneous items, eight hundred dol-
lars.
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting.
For chief clerk, one thousand eight hundred
dollars; one clerk of class four, one clerk of
class three, two clerks of class two, two clerks
of class one, one messenger, and one laborer ;
in all, eleven thousand nine hundred and sixty
dollars.
For stationery, books, and miscellaneous
items, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
Bureau of Navigation.
For chief clerk, one thousand eight hundred
dollars; one clerk of class three, one clerk of
class two, one messenger, and one laborer; in
all, six thousand three hundred and sixty dol-
lars.
For stationery, books, and miscellaneous
items, eight hundred dollars.
* Bureau of Ordnance.
For chief clerk, one thousand eight hundred
dollars: draughtsman, one thousand eight
hundred dollars; one clerk of class three, two
clerks of class two, one messenger, and one
laborer; in all, nine thousand five hundred
and sixty dollars.
For stationery, books, and miscellaneous
items, eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Construction and Repair.
For chief clerk, one thousand eight hundred
dollars; draughtsman, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars ; one clerk of class four, two
clerks of class three, two clerks of class two,
one messenger, mid one laborer; in all, twelve
thousand nine hundred and sixty dollars.
For stationery and miscellaneous items, eight
hundred dollars. '*
Bureau of Steam Engineering.
For chief clerk, one thousand eight hundred
dollars ; draughtsman, one thousand eight hun-
dred dollars; one clerk of class two, one thou-
sand four hundred dollars; one assistant
draughtsman, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars ; one messenger, and one laborer; in all,
seven thousand seven hundred and sixty dol-
lars.
For stationery and miscellaneous items, eight
hundred dollars.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing.
For chief clerk, one thousand eight hundred
dollars; one clerk of class four, two clerks of
class three; two clerks of class two, three
clerks of class one, one messenger, and one
laborer ; in all, fourteen thousand seven hun-
dred and sixty dollars.
For stationery and miscellaneous items, eight
hundred dollars.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery.
For one clerk of class four, one clerk of class
three, one messenger, and one laborer ; in all,
four thousand nine hundred and sixty dollars.
For stationery and miscellaneous items, four
hundred dollars.
For superintendent, (two hundred and fifty
dollars,) five watchmen, and two laborers for
the building occupied by the Navy Depart-
ment ; in all, five thousand two hundred and
ninety dollars.
For incidental labor, fuel, lights, and mis-
cellaneous items for said building, seven thou-
sand dollars.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOB.
For compensation of the Secretary of the
Interior, eight thousand dollars; Assistant
Secretary, three thousand five hundred dol-
lars ; chief clerk, two thousand two hundred
dollars; four clerks of class four, any of whom
may be paid two hundred dollars additional,
if the Secretary of the Interior deem it neces-
sary and proper; six clerks of class four, one
of whom may be designated by the Secretary
to act as superintendent of the building, who
shall receive two hundred dollars additional
compensation per annum; additional to three
disbursing clerks, six clerks of class three, six
clerks of class two, and six clerks of class one ;
three copyists, at nine hundred dollars each
per annum; three messengers, two assistant
messengers, at seven hundred and twenty dol-
lars each ; and six laborers in the office; in all,
sixty-nine thousand four hundred and eighty
dollars.
For oue captain of watch, one thousand two
hundred dollars, and twenty-eight watchmen
for the general service of the Interior Depart-
ment building, and all the bureaus therein, to
be allotted to day or night service, as the Sec-
retary of the Interior may direct, twenty-one
thousand three hundred and sixty dollars.
For stationery, furniture, advertising, tele-
graphing, and miscellaneous items, twelve
thousand dollars.
For expenses of packing and distributing
official documents, including salary of super-
intendent, seven thousand dollars.
For rent and fitting up rooms for the use of
the Pension Office and for the Bureau of Edu-
cation, sixteen thousand dollars.
For casual repairs of the Department build-
ing, including new windows for F street wing,
repairing ceilings and walls of model saloon,
painting and calcimining and repairs to the
roof, fourteen thousand dollars.
For fuel, light, and salary of the engineer,
at one thousand four hundred dollars, and re-
pairs of the heating apparatus, eighteen thou-
sand two hundred dollars.
General Land Office.
For Commissioner of the General Larul Office,
three thousand dollars; chief clerk, two thou-
sand dollars; recorder, two thousand dollars;
three principal clerks, at one thousand eight
hundred dollars each; three clerks of class
four, twenty-three clerks of class three, forty
clerks of class two, forty clerks of class one ;
one draughtsman, at one thousand six hundred
dollars; one assistant draughtsman, at one
thousand four hundred dollars; two messen-
gers, three assistant messengers, seven labor-
ers, and two packers ; in all, one hundred and
seventy-one thousand nine hundred and twenty
dollars. Also, for additional clerks on account
of military bounty lands, namely: for prin-
cipal clerk, two thousand dollars; one clerk
of class three, four clerks of class two, thirty-
five clerks of class one, and two laborers; in
all fifty two thousand six hundred and forty
dollars : Provided, That the Secretary of the
Interior, at his discretion, shall be, and he is
hereby, authorized to use any portion of said
appropriation for piece-work, or by the day,
month, or year, at such rate or rates as he may
deem just and fair, not exceeding a salary of
one thousand two hundred dollars per annum.
For maps, diagrams, stationery, furniture,
and repairs of the same ; miscellaneous items,
including two of the city newspapers, to be
filed, bound, and preserved for the use of the
office; advertising and telegraphing: miscel-
laneous items on account of bounty lands and
military patents under the several acts, and
contingent expenses under the swamp land
act, thirty thousand dollars.
Indian Office.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, three thousand dollars ; chief
clerk, two thousand dollars ; five clerks of
