1566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
threat would be carried out by all of them ;
and yet I have some apprehension that some
companies will pursue the coarse that they
state will be pursued.
* I, now ask that the communication dated
.January 27, 1873, and addressed to the Post-
master Geuaral on behalf of a large number
of .companies be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The paper
will be read if there be no objection.
The Chief Cleric read as follows:
January 27,1873.
Sib * The undersigned railroad companies respect-
fully represent—
That many years since they introduced railway
post office oars upon their several roads, under as-
surances from the Post Office Department that they
should, he Paid for their services; that they have been
induced to continue to run such cars in the expecta-
tion of such payment; that they have never been
paid for theuse of said cars, but have been andnow
are furnishing, lighting, warming, and running ex-
pensive railway post office cars on passenger trains
at high speed, while receiving for their mail service
a rate per car per mile smaller than their ordinary
third-class freight rate for common freight ears on
slow freight trains,
Thdy confidently assert that justice demands a
recognition by the Department of their claims,
which are substantially as follows, namely: that
they should be paid for transporting the mails in
railway post office cars at the rate of forty cents
per eight-wheel ear per mile run; and at a pro-
portional rate for portions of cars occupied for rail-
way post offices. That if they transport post office
clerks free of charge, no claim should be made upon
the railroad companies in case of accidents; and
that post office agents riding in passenger cars should
pay two cents per mile for transportation. The
rate thus named is less than that paid by the public
tor the transportation of car loads of freight in
cheap oars at low speed.
Confident that the Post Office Department and the
public will recognize the justice and the moderation
ol their oiauns, they now respectfully notify the
1/epartmeiit that only on the terms named, or on
terms equivalent thereto, can they consent to pro-
vide ana ran railway post office cars on or after the
l&fcday of April next. And failing- to obtain the terms
aforesaid, they will be prepared then and thence-
forth to transport the mails in the mode which ob-
r?1. orl. tl*ey were induced by the General
1 ost Office Department to provide railway post
office cars.
very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. EDGAR THOMSON,
President Pennsylvania Railroad.
A paper, corresponding with this communication
has been signed by the presidents of the following
railroad companies, namely: Boston and Alban?
Railroad Company: Philadelphia. Wilmington, and
Baltimore Railroad Company; Connecticut River
wSJifv4 Company; Central railroad of New Jersey;
New'York, New Haven, and Hartford railroad ■
5 X-? Central railroad; Hudson River rail-
roads New York and Erie railroad.
. STRICKLAND KNEASS,
Assistant President Pennsylvania Sailroad.
Hon. J. A. J. Ckeswell,
Postmaster General, Washington, D, O.
Mr. COLE. I ask now that another com-
munication signed by Isaac Hinckley, pres-
ident of the Philadelphia, Wilmington, and
iS£re, Ra,lr<?ad Company, dated February
10,1873, be read. J
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
*>„„?■'rSs1 railroad companies in relation to
Post Office railway car service, and mail service
generally, illustrate this subject by figures derived
b°olw of the Philadelphia, Wilmington
and Baltimore Railroad Company and with imnii
variation they will, I think, applj to the Post Office
r?ilro®d companies
ma?e l?;i™ ?lilladelPllla, Wilmington, and Balti-
K?Company received $38,250 per annum
waVSneTh°B in ba?gage Ci""s twice each
SSwSi "e pay was subsequently reduced tr 
v'flflfljfi11? j48eonfcmaed unchanged to this date
aand to ^ ~ s
s!nce' buthave bee*
■these post office ears cost from four to {  «, „
asrc* ,b~ WffaS"5iSS
Measuring the postal care and apartment „
freight car lor a. standard, we carried in 1872
ears one mile for the Post Office Depa" St iE
that service we received $37,500, which cov«r^ 2
*erj"?eV ''Shting, warming, transportation?
and delivery of way mails'at all' pSt iffideg wfthfc
snm of one mile of a railroad station ThiS
irt." ® tilai1 tilirteen cents per car
SL f«t/ t 8 °?.r measnrement of thirty feet bv
mnefeet) for mail service on express pLSng^
The public pay us the following rates for freight
on slow freight trains, namely:
Pig' iron, bricks, Ac., on platform cars, twenty
oents per ear per mile, or fifty per cent, higher rate
than the mail ears yield. Second class freight, forty
cents per car per mile, and first class freight and
express freight over fifty cents per car per mile.
We now propose that for this mail service we be
paid second-class freight rates, or forty cents per
car per mile; that post office olerks be carried
free as heretofore, but that this company should
be secured against liability for accidents, and that
agents of the Department in passenger cars pay two
cents per mile for transportation.
This company would much prefer to dispense with
post office ears altogether, and to return to the
method of transporting the mails which obtained
before we were induced by the Post Office Depart-
ment to build post office railway ears; in which
event the scale of prices for carrying the mails by
weight, fixed by House bill No. 3498, would be
quite satisfactory to the Philadelphia, Wilmington,
and Baltimore Railroad Company; but I am not
authorized by the other railroad companies to name
rates satisfactory to them other than those above
given.
ISAAC HINCKLEY,
President Philadelphia, Wilmington
<md Baltimore Railroad Company.
February 10, 1873.
Mr. COLE. The case I believe is now, so
far as the bill is concerned, presented to the
Senate, and I do not feel it obligatory upon
me to add to what has been said upon the
subject. The fact that the mail has been car-
ried at a much less rate than even the third
class of freights is dwelt upon very much by
the managers of these companies, to show the
injustice that they complain of on the part of the
Government. They were paid at a little higher
rate than this for carrying the mails before the
adoption of the postal car system. When the
rates for carrying the mails were changed from
the amount mentioned in the letters just read,
I think $37,000 and upward, to something
less than that sum, they did not complain, be-
cause at that time they were carrying the mails
in the ordinary baggage cars; putting the sacks,
as-other baggage, in the car, transporting them
in that way, and taking them to the post offices
to be distributed. But the ground of the com-
plaint- is that they have to furnish so much
more room for theuse of the postal ear olerks
who travel upon these trains, distributing the
mail as they proceed, and they allege that the
pay they are receiving for hauling these cars,
and for this service—the use of the fuel ears,
power, &e.—is even less, and considerably less,
as stated, than that received for carrying pig-
iron, or any coarse freight, on slow trains. That
is the statement made, as the Senate must have
perceived in the communications that have
been read. I will not detain the Senate further
at this time by discussing the question.
Mr. STEWART. I think the consideration
of this subject should be postponed until the
next session, in order that we may see how the
abolition of the franking privilege operates,
ihat will certainly relieve the companies to a
great extent, while the contract price will
remain unchanged, But more than all that,
1 think that the railroad companies, in per-
forming service for the Government, should
not measure their compensation by what they
charge for private freight. I do not think
that, under all the circumstances, in view of
the facilities they have, they should charge
the Government a profit of any considerable
extent on the business done. I do not think
the comparison 
Mr. SHERMAN. Let me say to my friend
that there is a great fallacy in that representa-
tion, and it is well for us not to be deceived
by such statements. They measure the postal
car as if it was chuck full, with ten tons of
weight in it, and say they receive less for
carrying an ordinary mail car, which probably
has hair a ton in it, than they do for carrying
ten tons of pig iron. If they were to measure
by the pound the result would be different;
but it you measure by the car the statement is
probably correct.
Mr. STEWART, It is manifest that the
wear and tear would be very much less and
the service would be much less expensive. I
there   not a sufficient showing for any
change in this compensation, and I hope the
allowance will not be made. I should like to
see a thorough report on this subject that would
satisfy the country that the railroads were
actually losing money by carrying the mail.
I think, if they keep about even on this public
service, and do not lose by it, they can get
along very well. I hope the appropriation
will not be made at this time.
Mr. BOREMAN. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator a question, as I am not very familiar
with this matter. Do not the railroad com-
panies have to construct new cars of a differ-
ent character for this postal service?
Mr. STEWART. They have the cars now.
It may be that they will have to construct new
ears; but if they do, I say I do not see that
there is a sufficient showing here that they need
this additional compensation. I should like
to see a thorough report on the subject, show-
ing that they are losing money by serving the
Government; and then I should be willing to
make an arrangement whereby the Postmaster
General could increase the compensation so as
to make them even, if they were actually los-
ing ; but, I repeat, there are not sufficient facts
before the Senate to warrant this appropriation.
If the letters which have been read are all the
information we are to act upon, I do not think
they are sufficient.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator knows that
for many years past these railroad companies
have been complaining, whether justly or
unjustly, of their insufficient compensation,
especially for that first class and most highly
prized transportation by postal cars, which
undoubtedly expedites the transportation of
the mail at least twenty-five per cent, over the
ordinary means of transportation. They have
been complaining, and they have been impor-
tuningthe Postmaster General for many years.
With a view of bringing the Department to
terms, they have at times not transported the
mails as promptly as they might have done.
But inasmuch as they are without contracts
with the Department they can do pretty much
as they please, so far as the law is concerned ;
and a mail that might be transported in two
days, for instance, might be delayed to three
days, with great inconvenience to the public.
There is no law that I am aware of, no power
under the Constitution, by which these railroad
companies can be coerced.
Mr. STEWART. I am not satisfied about
that.
Mr, RAMSEY. That is probably now the
received opinion of the country; at any rate
the railroad companies think so.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads if there has been an
investigation of particular cases, showing that
the companies did or did not make money by
carrying the mail 1
_ Mr. RAMSEY. These postal cars are car-
ried by the fastest trains, and are, of course,
very expensive; the wear and tear is very
great; all that is a great charge upon the
railroad company. If they were allowed to
transport the mail as slowly as they transport
the coarser class of freight the cost would not
be so great. Now they allege, and I think it
has not been denied on the part of the Depart-
ment, that although this is the highest class
of transportation, the most expeditious, and
the most prompt, yet they do not receive as
much compensation for it as for the lowest
class of freight, such as iron or coal.
Mr. STEWART. That comparison is not
satisfactory. _ It seems to me we should have
an investigation of the fact as to what profiis
they are making on carrying the mail. 1 think
we should have such a report as that, bcture
us to compare with these statements.
Mr. RAMSEY. This, of course, is an old
question in the Post Office Department, and 1
do not think it is disputed that their compen-
sation for this service is at as low a rate as
they receive for the lowest class of freight,
