Q02
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know anything
about the merits of this bill ; but really the
object of the rule under which we are acting
is to dispose of the unobjected cases, and here
we have been an hour on this bill.
Mr. STEWART. Let us get through.
Mr. ANTHONY. If there can be a vote
taken, I will not object; but if the friends of
the bill are going to debate it longer, I think
it had better lie over. We want to get rid of
the unobjected cases. This, certainly, is not
one of them. If the vote can be taken, I will
not object; but if there is to be further de-
bate. I shall ask that this bill lie over.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope my honorable
friend will not object in any way. I beg to
remind him that I am not sure that the rule
allows him or any other Senator to wait, as he
says, for an houraind then treat it as an objected
case.
Mr. ANTHONY. Undoubtedly it does.
Mr. CONKLING. In my judgment the rule
ought not to allow that; but whether it does
or not I hope the Senator will not object in
this case after it has been debated back and
forth until we understand it and are in a con-
dition to vote. I hope he will not object now,
so that on some other occasion we shall take
it up again and spend an hour or two more.
Mr. ANTHONY. If we are in a condition
to vote I do not object, but if we are not in a
condition to vote I shall object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Carpenter. Edmunds, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,
JIamlin, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Pratt, Ramsey,
Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Trumbull, and Wright—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Texas. Kelly, Lewis, Machen, Morton, Nye, Patter-
ton, Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury, Spencer, Ste-
venson, Stewart, Tipton, Vickers, West, and Wil-
son—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Cald-
well. Cameron, Clayton, Cooper, Cragin, Davis,
Fenton, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Hill, Hitch-
cock, Johnston, Kellogg, Logpri .Morrill of "Vermont,
Norwood, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Rice, Schurz,
Sprague, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, and Win-
dom—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and was read the third time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I demand the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
' lie yeas and nay-s were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 17; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman,Casserly, Cole. Conkling,
Corbett. Davis, Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hitchcock,
Howe. Kelly, Lewis, Machen, Morton, Nye, Patter-
son, Ramsey, Raneon, Robertson, Saulsbury, Saw-
yer, Spencer, Stevenson, Stewart, Thurman, Tipton,
Vickers, West, and Wilson—29.
NAY'S—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Chandler, Edmnnds, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,
Hamlin, Morrill of Maine, Pratt, Scott, Sherman,
T-umbull, nnd Wright—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
Joiv, Caldwell, Cameron, Clayton, Cooper, Cragin,
Fenton, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan,Hill, Johnston, Kellogg, Logan, Mor-
rill of \ ermont, Norwood, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, |
Rice, Schurz, Sprague, Stockton, Sumner, and Win- 1
dom—28.
So the bill was passed.
executite communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the acting Secretary of the
Interior, in answer to a resolution of the Sen-
ate of 14th January, 1873, transmitting copies
of annual reports of the Union Pacific and Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Companies, and a copy
of the report of the Government directors of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company; which,
on motion of Mr. Casserly, was referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to be printed.
national military asylum.
Mr. LOGAN. A few days ago I asked the
Senate to take action upon a bill which I re-
ported, and which was then acted upon and
passed. I stated at the time that it was a
House bill that had come to the Senate. We
had a Senate bill before us in precisely the
same language, word for word. I had both
bills on my table, and in calling up the bill I
inadvertently took up the Senate bill and gave
the number of that bill, which was read by the
Secretary, and it being a verbatim copy of the
other I did not notice the change, and we passed
the Senate bill. I have ascertained the fact of
this change on account of the Senate bill being
now on the table of the House, and my attention
being called to it I should like now to correct
the record by having the House bill passed. I
now report it back from the Committee on
Military Affairs and ask for its present con-
sideration.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1952) to amend an
act entitled "An act to incorporate a national
military and naval asylum for the relief of the
totally disabled officers and men of the volun-
teer forces of the United States," approved
March 21, 1866, and for other purposes.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
mrs. jane ddlany.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar is
still under consideration under the Anthony
rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that hereafter
when there is a real objection to a bill, it will
be made at once and that we shall go on with
the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada has risen for some purpose.
Mr. NYE. I desire to make a motion,
The other day a bill which had come from the
House, being House bill No. 1196, granting a
pension to Mrs. Jane Dulany, and which
passed the House unanimously, was reported
back adversely from the Committee on Pen-
sions, and the committee were discharged from
the further consideration of the bill, and it was
indefinitely postponed. I desire to have that
bill placed on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada asks unanimous consent that the
bill referred to by him be placed on the Cal-
endar, with the adverse report of the commit-
tee. The Chair hears no objection, and that
order will be made.
house bill referred.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is a bill
on the table from the House of Represent-
atives amendatory of the bankruptcy act which
I should like to have referred to-day to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 3496) to amend an act
entitled " An act to establish a uniform system
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,"
approved March 2, 1867, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
also lay before the Senate for reference a bill
(H. R. No. 3497) authorizing the Secretary
of War to contract for the construction of a
light draught snag-boat to ply on the Missis-
sippi, Missouri, and Arkansas rivers.
Mr. MORTON. I would ask the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce if he has any
objection to putting that bill on its passage ?
I am informed that there is a necessity for the
immediate passage of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The chairman
of the Committee on Commerce is not in his
seat at this moment, and the Chair will reserve
the bill until to-morrow morning. The con-
sideration of bills on the Calendar will be
proceeded with.
sarah p wing.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2429) granting a pension to Sarah
P. Wing, reported adversely from the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. HOWE. I understand there will be
debate on that bill, and I ask that be passed
over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
passed over.
mrs. m. s. morse.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 333) for the relief of Mrs. M. S.
Morse, administratrix and widow of Isaac E.
Morse, deceased, which was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to Mrs. M. S.
Morse, administratrix and widow of Isaac E.
Morse, for his full compensation while em-
ployed as special commissioner of the United
States to the republic of New Granada, in the
years 1856 and 1857, at the rate of $7,500 per
annum, from the 6th of November, 1856, to
the 1st of June, 1857, for his salary as com
missioner, and at the rate of fifteen dollars per
diem during the same time for his traveling
expenses incurred in the discharge of the duties
of his mission.
The Committee on Foreign Relations re-
ported the bill with amendments. The first
amendment was in line five to strike out the
words "administratrix and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out all.
of the bill after the name "Isaac E. Morse,"
in line six, in the following words:
For his full compensation while employed as
special commissioner of the United States to the re-
public of New Granada in the years 1856 and 1867, at
the rate of $7,500 per annum, from the 6lh day of
November, 1856, to the 1st day of June, 1857, for his
salary as commissioner, and at the rate of fifteen
dollars per diem during the same timefor his travel-
ing expenses, incurred in the discharge of the duties
of his mission.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Compensation for his services as special commis-
sioner of the United States to the republic of Now
Granada at the rate of the salary paid to the min-
ister resident of the United States at Bogota from
April 28 to June 20, 1857, in addition to the compen-
sation already paid to Isaac E. Morse,
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; and the amendments were con-
curred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ments be engrossed and the bill read the third
time. The bill was read the third time, and
passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title will
be amended to correspond with the text of
the bill by striking out the words " adminis-
tratrix and."
district fire department.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2333) to aid in maintaining the
fire department in the District of Columbia ;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that one third of the ex-
pense incurred in maintaining a fire depart-
ment in the District of Columbia by the gov-
ernment of the District shall hereafter be paid
by the United States; and the Secretary of the
Treasury is directed to pay into the treasury
of the District of Columbia one third of the
entire cost of maintaining the fire department;
but the amount paid by the United States in
any one year is not to exceed $25,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to object
to the passage of the bill, but I should like to
have it provided that the money shall be an-
nually appropriated by Congress.
Mr. PATTERSON. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves to amend the bill by adding
the words he has indicated.
