1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
267
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong.,..3d Sess.
moneys, and the restoration of such property,
or its value, either to said railroad corporation
or to the United States, whichever shall in
equity bo held entitled thereto. Said suit may
be brought in the circuit court in any circuit
and all said parties may be made defendants
in one suit. Decrees may be entered and en-
forced against any one or more parties defend-
ant without awaiting the final determination
of the cause against other parties. The court
where said cause is pending may make such
orders and decrees and issue such process as
it shall deem necessary to bring in new parties
or the representatives of parties deceased, or
to carry into effect the purposes of this act.
On filing the bill writs of snbpena may be
issued by said court against any parties de-
fendant, which writ shall run into any district,
and shall be served, as other like process, by
the marshal of such district. The books,
records, correspondence, and all other docu-
ments of the Union Pacific llailroad Company,
shall at all times be open to inspection by the
Secretary of the Treasury, or such persons as
he may delegate for that purpose. The laws
of the United States providing for proceedings
in bankruptcy shall not be held to apply to
said corporation. No dividend shall hereafter
be made by said company but from the actual
net earnings thereof; and no new stock shall
be issued, or mortgages or pledges made on
the property or future earnings of the company
without leave of Congress, except for the pur-
pose of funding and securing debt now exist-
ing, or the renewals thereof. No director or
officer of said road shall hereafter be interested,
directly or indirectly, in any contract there-
with, except for his lawful compensation as
such officer. Any director or officer who shall
pay or declare, or aid in paying or declaring
any dividend, or creating any mortgage or
pledge prohibited by this act, shall be pun-
ished by imprisonmentnotexeeedingtwo years,
and by fine not exceeding five thousand dollars.
The proper circuit court of the United States
shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine
all cases of mandamus to compel said Union
Pacific Railroad Company to operate its road
as required by lav?.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXXVIL—An Act making Appro-
priations for sundry Civil Kxpeuses of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
four, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated, for
the objects hereinafter expressed, for the
fiscal yeareuding June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-four, namely:
public printing and binding.
For the public printing, for the public bind-
ing, and for paper for the public printing, two
million dollars, and of the sum hereby ap-
propriated, printing and binding may be done
by the Congressional Printer to the amounts
following, namely:
For the Court of Claims, fourteen thousand
dollars; for the Department of State, twenty-
five thousand dollars; for the Treasury De-
partment, three hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand dollars; for the War Department, one
hundred thousand dollars ; for the Navy De-
partment, eighty-five thousand dollars; for
the Interior Department, two hundred and
twenty thousand dollars; for the Agricultural
Department, twenty thousand dollars; for the
Department of Justice and the Attorney Gen-
eral's office, ten thousand dollars; for the
Supreme Court of the United States, twenty-
five thousaud dollars; for the supreme court
of the District of Columbia, one thousand
dollars; for the Post Office Department, one
hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars;
and for both Houses of Congress, one million
dollars; and the amounts herein designated
for the several Executive Departments may be
distributed to the bureaus thereof at the dis-
cretion of the head of each Department, who
shall certify such distribution to the Public
Printer; and the last proviso to the act pro-
viding for px-iutiug and reporting the debates
in Congress, approved April second, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, is hereby repealed:
Provided, That, until a contract is made, the
debates shall be printed by the Congressional
Printer, under the direction of the joint Com-
mittee on Public Printing on the part of the
Senate.
For printing the preparatory circulars, and
for printing and binding at the Government
Printing Office, the report on life insurance
statistics, made under authority of the eighth
international statistical congress, by William
Barnes, a delegate from the United States, in
accordance with the plan of publication adopt-
ed at the said congress, under the direction of
the Secretary of State, three thousand five
hundred dollars.
For lithographing, mapping, and engraving
for both Houses of Congress, the Supremo
Court, and the Court of Claims, fifty thousand
dollars.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
For Life-Saving Stations.
For salaries of two superintendents of the
life-saving stations on the coasts of Dong
Island and New Jersey,.at one -thousand live
hundred dollars each, three thousand dollars;
and for one superintendent on the coasts of'
Cape Cod and of Block Island, Rhodelsland,
one thousand dollars.
For fifty-four keepers of stations, at two
hundred dollars each, ten thousand eight
hundred dollars.
For seventeen keepers of stations, at two
hundred dollars each, three thousand four
hundred dollars.
For ten keepers of stations, at two hundred
dollars each, two thousand dollars.
For pay of crgws of experienced surf-men
at such stations and for such periods as the
Secretary of the Treasury may deem necessary
and proper, eighty-five thousand dollar,!.
For establishing new life-saving stations on
the coast of the United States, one hundred
thousand dollars.
For contingencies of life-saving stations on
the coast of the United States, fifteen thou-
sand dollars. And that the Secretary of War
be, and hereby is, authorized to establish sig-
nal stations at light-houses, at such of the life-
saving stations on the lake orsea coasts as may
be suitably located for that purpose, and to
connect the same with such points as may be
necessary for the proper discharge of the sig-
nal service by means of a suitable telegraph
line in cases where no lines are in operation,
to be constructed, maintained, and worked
under the direction of the chief signal officer
of the Army, or the Secretary of War and the
Secretary of the Treasury; and the use of the
life-saving stations as signal stations shall be
subject to such regulations as may be agreed
upon by said officials ; and the sum of thirty
thousand dollars is hereby appropriated to
carry into effect this provision.
Revenue Culler Service.
For pay of thirty-four captains, one hundred
and one lieutenants, and sixty-three engineers
aud pilots employed, three hundred aud sixty-
one thousand three hundred dollars.
For rations for officers :
Thirty-four captains, one hundred and one
lieutenants, sixty-three engineers and pilots,
twenty-five thousand five hundred and eighty-
three dollars and forty cents.
For pay of crews :
Bight hundred and sixty petty officers, sea-
men, cooks, stewards, boys, coal-passers, and
firemen, two hundred aud eighty-two thousand
seven hundred and forty-eight dollars.
For rations for crews:
Eight hundred and sixty petty officers, sea-
men, cooks, stewards, boys, coal-passers, and
firemen, two hundred and ninety-eight thou-
sand seven hundred and forty-eight rations, at
thirty-three cents, including the liquor equiv-
alent, ninety-eight thousand five hundred and
eighty-seven dollars.
For fuel for thirty-eight vessels, repairs and
outfits for same, ship-chandlery and engineers'
stores for same, travelling expenses of officers
travelling onduty under orders from the Treas-
ury Department, commutation of quarters, and
contingent expenses, including wharfage, tow-
age, dockage, freight, advertising, and surveys,
and miscellaneous expenses which cannot be
included under special heads, two hundred
and sixty thousand dollars.
Marine Hospital Service.
For supplying deficiency in the fund for the
relief of sick and disabled seamen, one hun-
dred thousand dollars; and the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorized, in his dis-
cretion, to sell the marine-hospital grounds and
unfinished cast-iron hospital buildings, located
in the city of New Orleans, Louisiana, and
out of the proceeds of said sale to purchase a
more healthful site for a marine hospital, at a
point which shall be convenient of access to
and from the port of New Orleans, and to
erect thereon a pavilion marine hospital of one
hundred and fifty bed capacity, with the neces-
sary auxiliary structures, in accordance with
designs to he prepared by the supervising ar-
chitect, to the satisfaction of the supervising
Burgeon of the marine hospital service, and
approved by the Secretary of the Treasury :
Provided, That said site and pavilion hospital
shall in no event cost more than the amount,
received from the sale of the hospital and
grounds which are hereby authorized to be
sold : And provided farther, That in case the
materials of the iron hospital buildings can
with advantage he used in the construction of
other Government buildings now being crected,
said materials may bo so used, and the amount
of the money value thereof, wliich^ shall he
determined by the Secretary of the Treasury,
is hereby appropriated, for the purposes of the
new hospital, out, of any moneys in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
National Currency.
For paper, engraving, printing, express
charges, and other expenses of making and
issuing the national currency, one hundred
thousand dollars.
For replacing the worn and mutilated cir-
culating notes of national banking associa-
tions, and for engraving and preparing in such
manuer and on such paper and of such form
and design as the Secretary of the Treasury
may prescribe new circulating notes for such
associations to replace notes of a design and
denomination now successfully counterfeited,
six hundred thousand dollars : Provided, That
each of said national banking associations
shall reimburse the Treasury the costs of the
circulating notes furnished under this pro-
vision.
For expenses in delecting aud bringing to
trial and punishment persons engaged in
counterfeiting Treasury notes, bonds, national
bank notes, and other securities of the United
States, and the coinage thereof, and for detect-
ing other frauds upon the Government, one
hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
