268
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
['March 3,
42d Cong....3d Suss.
Laws of the United States.
■ JUDICIARY.
For defraying the expenses of the courts of
the United States, including the District of
Columbia; for jurors and witnesses and ex-
penses of suits in which the United States are
concerned, of prosecutions for offenses com-
mitted against the United States; for the safe-
keeping of prisoners; and for the expenses
which may be incurred in the enforcement of
the act relative to the right of citizens to vote,
of February twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred
and seventy-one, or any acts amendatory
thereof or supplementary thereto, three mil-
lion dollars.
To purchase one hundred sets of Curtis's
Decisions, (twenty-two volumes,) Howard's
Reports, (seven volumes,) and Black's Reports,
(two volumes,) of the Supreme Court of the
United States, for distribution by the Depart-
ment of Justice to the several circuit, district,
and territorial judges of the United States,
twelve thousand and five hundred dollars;
and the Department of Justice shall be charged
with the distribution to the various judges and
courts of the statutes, reports, and other
judicial documents now provided for by law.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
purchase of Little, Brown and Company two
thousand of the seventeenth volume of the
United States Statutes-at-Large for distribu-
tion, agreeably to the act of Congress direct-
ing the distribution of the other volumes, seven
thousand dollars.
For the support and maintenance of convicts
transferred from the District of Columbia, ten
thousand dollars.
For defraying the expenses of defending
claims under the convention with Mexico of
fourth July, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
to be expended urrder the direction of the At-
torney General, ten thousand dollars.
For paymc nt of the necessary expenses in-
curred in defending suits against the Secretary
of the Treasury, or his agents, for the seizure
of captured or abandoned property ; and for
the examination of witnesses in claims against
the United States pending in any Department;
and for the defense of the United States in the
Court of Claims, to be expended under the
direction of the Attorney General, thirty thou-
sand dollars.
For this sum, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to be expended under the direction
of the Attorney General in the detection and
prosecution of crimes against the United
States, fifty thousand dollars.
For expenses to be incurred in the prosecu-
tion and collection of claims due the United
States, to be disbursed under the direction of
the Attorney General, fifteen thousand dollars.
For detecting and punishing yiolation of the
intercourse acts of Congress, and frauds com-
mitted in the Indian service, the same to be
expended by the Attorney General ; in allow-
ing such increased fees and compensation of
witnesses, jurora, and marshals; and in de-
fraying such other expenses as may be neces-
sary for this purpose, ten thousand dollars.
For completing the revision of the statutes
and preparing the same, to be presented in
the form of a bill or bills to the next Congress,
including the payment of salaries and incidental
expenses of the work, and preparing proper
indexes thereto, to be expended under the
supervision of the Department of Justice,
twelve thousand dollars.
For the repair of the City Hall building and
ventilation of the rooms occupied by the su-
preme court of the District of Columbia, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
MISCELLANEOUS.
For continuing the collection of statistics of
mines and mining, to be laid before Congress,
to be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the continuation of the geological and
geographical survey of the Territories of the
United States by Professor F. V. Hayden, un-
der the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior, daring the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-four,
seventy-five thousand dollars, to be available
on the passage of this act.
For the preparation and publication of the
maps, charts, geological sections, and other
engravings necessary to illustrate the annual
and final reports of the United States geological
survey of the Territories, twenty thousand dol-
lars, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, to be available for
immediate use.
That the sum of ten thousand dollars, or so
much thereof as may bo necessary, is here-
by appropriated to enable Professor J. W.
Powell to prepare his materials, and to present
to Congress at its next sesion a report of the
survey of the Colorado of the West and its
tributaries.
For .continuing the inquiry into the causes
of the decrease of the food-fishes of the coast
and the lakes of the United States, five thou-
sand dollars.
For the introduction of shad into the waters
of the Pacific States, the Gulf States, and of
the Mississippi valley, and of salmon, white-
fish, and other useful food-fishes, into the
waters of the United States to which they are
best adapted, seventeen thousand five huudred
dollars, to be expended under the direction of
the United States commisssioner of fish and
fisheries.
For preparation of illustrations for the report
of the United States commissioner of fish and
fisheries, one thousand dollars.
To enable the joint Committee on the Library
to purchase and print a series of unpublished
historical documents relating to the eai'ly
French discoveries in the Northwest and on
the Mississippi, ten thousand dollars, or so,
much thereof as may be necessary, the printing
of the same to be under the direction of said
committee ; and of the fifteen thousand dollars
appropriated by act of June tenth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, to enable said com-
mittee to purchase works of art, the sum of ten
thousand dollars is hereby declared to have
been appropriated and shall be expended for
the purpose of providing for a statue of the
late Edward Dickinson Baker.
For a plan for a new building for a library
of Congress, five thousand dollars ; and the
selection of a plan, together with the location
and supervision of said building, shall be in
charge of a commission to consist of the chair-
man of the joint Committee on the Library, the
chairman of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds of the Senate, and the Libra-
rian of Congress.
To enable the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives to pay the thirteen crippled and
disabled soldiers now-inthe employment of the
Doorkeeper of the House, from March fourth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-three, to Decem-
ber first, eighteen hundred and seventy-three,
twelve thousand six hundred dollars.
For furniture, and repairs of the same, for
public buildings under the control of the
Treasury Department, one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars.
For fuel, lights, and water, and miscellane-
ous items for public buildings under the con-
trol of the Treasury Department, two hundred
and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For heating apparatus for public buildings
under the control of the'Treasury Department,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For vaults, safes, and locks for public build-
ings under the control of the Treasury Depart-
ment, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For photographing, engraving, and print-
ing plans of public buildings under control
of the Treasury Departmeut, five thousand dol-
lars.
For construction and verification of standard
weights and measures for the custom-houses
of the United States, and for the several States,
and of metric standards for the States, twelve
thousand dollars.
For pay of custodians and janitors of pub-
lic buildings under the control of the Treasury
Department, one hundred and twenty-five
thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to Warrington Sommers a sum sufficient
to make his salary from June first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine, to Mareh first, eigh-
teen hundred and seventy, that of a fourth-
class clerk in the Fifth Auditor's office, one
hundred and fifty dollars, or so mueh thereof
as may be necessary.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
collect captured and abandoned property of
the United States, and to collect, procure, atld
preserve all vouchers, papers, records,, and
evidence, and to take testimony as to claims
against the United States, to be paid only upon
the certificate of the commissioners of claims,
seventy thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to or-
ganize parties to observe the transit of Venus
in December, eighteen hundred and seventy-
four, one hundred thousand dollars, to be ex-
pended by the commission created by the act
of June tenth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
two: Provided, That no part of this appro-
priation shall be covered into the Treasury until
the objects for which it is made shall have been
accomplished: And provided further, That, the
Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized
to detail two vessels of the "Navy, from the
Asiatic or Pacific stations, to convey parties
to the points selected for observation with
which there is no regular communication.
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to
deposit with the Assistant Treasurer of the
United States, at Washington city, District of
Columbia, the sum of one hundred thousand
dollars, subject to the order of the United
States district court for District of Columbia,
in the case of the United States against the
rebel steamer Sumter, in prize, said 'sum is
hereby appropriated.
To purchase land adjoining the Naval Acad-
emy .at Annapolis, Maryland, and for improv-
ing the same, for the purpose of extending the
area and creating additional convenience for
quarters, forty-five thousand dollars, or so
much thereof .as may be necessary; but'no
money shall be paid for said land until the
State of Maryland has ceded .jurisdiction over
the same to the United States.
For the expenses of the joint select Com-
mittee on Alleged Outrages in the Southern
States, the sum of one thousand and eighty-
seven dollars and twenty cents, the said sum
to be carried for the purpose to the contingent
fund of the Senate.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
Public Lands.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Louisiana, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, two tliousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Florida, fuel, books, stationery, and other in-
cidental expenses, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Minnesota, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, two thousand two hun-
dred dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Dakota Territory, fuel, books, stationery, and
other incidental expenses, two thousand dol-
lars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
