1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
ferred upon it by iVa charter. The point that
I suggest to ray friend is whether there is
any power to telegraph across the ocean or
around the world by this bill. Is there any
machinery for that purpose?
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to make a
suggestion to the Senator from Ohio. The
first section of the bill where it authorizes
these persons to sue and to be sued also
allows them to telegraph and to be telegraphed
Mr. THURMAN. Does it?
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a subsequent
section which defines the object of the cor-
poration and there is a section which allows
them to subscribe and enjoy certain capital.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us have that read,
because that is as great a curiosity as the
other.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a section that
allows them to have capital. I did not know
but that there might be some objection to the
large amount allowed as an increase of capital.
I have no objection to having that stricken
out.
Mr. THURMAN. No, I have not the least
objection to that. Let that part about util-
izing electricity be read.
The Chief CJlerk read as follows:
Sec. 3. That the business and objects of said cor-
poration shall be to develop and utilise the princi-
ples and powers of natural electricity, to be used in
telegraphing, generating light, heat, and motive
power, and otherwise make and operate any ma-
chinery run by electricity for any purpose.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is an object.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I am well
satisfied that it is a safe rule to leave to the
States everything that can be properly attended
to by them; and as no power can be exer-
cised under this charter, except by permis-
sion of the States, I think we have gone far
enough, and this is a good time to stop. I
object.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to appefU to .my
friend from Nebraska 
Mr. TIPTON. No, I insist on the objec-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
goes over under the objection of the Senator
from Nebraska.
ELlZABSTff S. BREWBR.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I believe
I am authorized by the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman J to withdraw the objection
which he made to the bill which has just been
passed over for the relief, of the widow and
administratrix of John Brewer, and I ask
unanimous consent of the Senate to go back
to that bill.
When the water-work# which Supply this
city were inaugurated many years ago, and
when it was proposed to go into Maryland for
the purpose of obtaining the right of way for
the water-works, great litigation occurred along
the linti. Of course when the Government of
the United States went into Maryland for this
right-of way the owners of the land-through
which it passed made large demands for dam-
ages, and great obstacles were encountered in
obtaining this right of way. The consequence
was that litigation ensued, and the Govern-
ment employed Mr. Brewer as its attorney to
obtain the right of way. Eminent counsel in
Maryland were employed by the land owners
against the Government, and Mr. Brewer, as
counsel for the Government, was not only
obliged to contend with these gentlemen but
with his own people. He did not get one
dollar for his services, andj .having' died, this
bill passed by the House of Representative^
proposes to pay his estate.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the very point
on which I wish information.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest that this debate is out of order, as
the bill was objected to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will withdraw the ob-
jection in order to hear the statement of the
Senator. I aek the Senator how he knows
that this gentleman was not paid?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. It is known
by the fact that this gentleman urged his claim
until the time of his death. It is known by
the fact that his friends say he has not beea
paid; his estate says so ; the Department says
so; and the Government has not a voucher
from him. He always made, his claim upon
the Government during his life, not only for
his services, but for certain expenditures which
he incurred, and I believe that the only trouble
at the beginning was in regard to those expendi-
tures, and which were made io connection with
his services as attorney, and which facilitated
in all probability the getting this right of way
even, more than the litigation.
The honorable Senator may permit any
amendment that he pleases which will guard
the Government against any danger of wrong.
If he has been paid, that ip the end of it; but
all the facts show and his administratrix says
that he has not been paid. Before the matter
could be settled satisfactorily to the Govern-
ment apd Mr. Brewer the troubles of the war
came on, and in those trouble? the whole mat-
ter was laid over, and meanwhile Mr. Brewer
took sick and died, and so it reipains to this
day. Now, by the bill, power is conferred on
the Secretary of the Interior to judge of the
services and their value. .1 am sure he will
not determine such a question adversely to
the Government. I am satisfied th#t Mr.
Brewer's estate frill not receive at the hands
of the Secretary of the Interior anything more
than he is entitled to, and I do not thiuk he
will receive anything less.
I have the confidence that the SecoetMy
will act fairly and jyatly between the (^overa-
raent and Mr. Brewer's estate, and then with
the limitation in the bill there can be no pos-
sible daogqr of any injustice being done the
Government.
Mr. Brewer's services were valuable ; they
were most important, particularly ao when
you consider who were the able gentlemen
whom he met. I had the honor of being
chairman of the Committee for the District
of Columbia in the other House when these
great water-works were inaugurated, and
therefore I know something about them, and
I know something of the troubles in which
we were involved in regard to them. They
were then in the charge of General Meigs.
I remember that it took great efforts to secure
these works, for at that time there was great
opposition to an appropriation for such a pur-
pose. I have always been for water. What-
ever I may have opposed, I remembfer well
that I was then the friend of the water-works,
and those upon the largest scale that this Gov-
ernment could establish to answer the purposes.
I hope therefore that this bill will pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw the objection.
-Mr. WRIGHT. I move that' the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I hope
the Senator will not press that potion. The
objection to the bill is withdrawn, and it can
be passed in a minute.
Mr. WRIGHT. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Maryland asks unanimous consent to
go back on the Calendar to the bill mentioned
by him, for the relief of Elizabeth S. Brewer.
The Chair hears no objection to returning to
the consideration of that bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 2884) for the settlement and payment
of the claim of Elizabeth S. Brewer, executrix
of John Brewer.
Mr. WRIGHT. I understand the bill is
now before the Senate and will be the pend-
ing measure to-morrow morning. I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and eighteen minutes pv m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 15, 1873.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
appproved.
POSTAL CODE.
Mr. PORTER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, reported a joint resolution (H. R. No.
181) declaratory of the true intent and meaning
of sections one hundred and fifty-one and one
hundred and fifty-two of an act-approved June
8, 1872, entitled "An act to revise, consolid-
ate, and amend the statutes relating to the
Post Office Department;" which was read a
first and second time, recommitted to the same
committee, and ordered to be printed.
SNAG-BOAT FOR THE MISSISSPPI RIVER.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, from
i (he Committee on Commerce, reported a bill
• (H. R. No. 3497) authorizing the Secretary of
| War to contract for the construction of a light
draft snag-boat to ply on the Mississippi* the
Missouri, and the Arkansas rivers ; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of War to contract for the construc-
tion of a light draft snag-boat to ply on the
Mississippi, Missouri, and Arkansas rivers,
provided that it shall not require more than
$25,000 over and above th« amount available
for such purpose,, to, be taken from the next
appropriation made for the improvement of
said rivers.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
H. CLAY ELLIOTT.
Mr. BECK, 9f Kentucky. I ask unanimous
consent to report back from the Committee of
Ways and Means, with the recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 3425) for
the relief of H. Clay Elliott, of Henderson,
Kentucky.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information, after which objections, if any,
will be in order.
The bill was read. It proposes to permit
H. Clay Elliott, of Henderson, Kentucky, sur-
viving partner of D. R. Burbank & Co., dis-
tillers in Henderson, Kentucky, to commence
and carry on the business of distilling in and
at the distillery erected by the firm of D. R.
Burbank & Co., in Henderson, Kentucky, upon
a tract of land owned by D. R. Burbank, one
of the members of the firm, who died intestate
in the month of October, 1872, leaving a widow
and six infant children, who are incapable of
giving the consent required by section eight
of the act entitled "An act imposiug taxes
on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes," approved July 20, 1868, upon com-
pliance with all the provisions of the law now
existing, or that may hereafter be enacted,
applicable to distilleries erected prior to the
20th of July, 1868.
Mr. SARGENT. Does this bill come from
a committee?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] is instructed to report
it from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I will only re-
quire a moment to explain it.
Mr. SARGENT. If the bill is reported by
a committee I do not object to it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
