18*8.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Kansas, fuel, books, stationery, and otherinci-
dental expenses, two thousand dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Colorado Territory, fuel, books, stationery,
ana other incidental expenses, two thousand
dollars.
vr ®'or,«-rellt; °ffice °f surveyor general of
New Mexico Territory, fuel, books, station-
ery, and other incidental expenses, two thou-
sand dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
California, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, seven thousand dollars.
®*or rent of office of surveyor general of
Idaho Territory, fuel, books, stationery, and
other incidental expenses, three thousand dol-
lars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Nevada, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, three thousand seven hundred
dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Oregon, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, two thousand dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Washington Territory, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, two thousand
dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Nebraska and Iowa, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For .rent of office of surveyor general of
Montana Territory, fuel, books, stationery, and
other incidental expenses, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Utah Territory, fuel, books, stationery, and
other incidental expenses, two thousand dol-
lars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Wyoming Territory, fuel, books, stationery,
and other incidental expenses, two thousand
five hundred dollars.
For rent of office of surveyor general of
Arizona Territory, fuel, books, stationery, and
other incidental expenses, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
Surveying the Public Lands.
For surveying the public lands in Louisiana,
at rates not exceeding ten dollars per linear
mile for township and eight dollars for section
lines, eighteen thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Florida,
at rates not exceeding ten dollars per linear
mile for standard, seven dollars for township,
and six dollars for section lines, twelve thou-
sand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Minnesota,
at rates not exceeding fourteen dollars per
linear mile for standard lines, twelve dollars
for township, and ten dollars for section lines,
fifty thousand dollars: Provided, That there
shall first be paid, out of said fifty thousand
dollars, to the Saint Paul and Sioux City Rail-
road Company, the sum of one thousand three
hundred and seventy dollars for surveys already
made by said company of the public lands in
said State.
For surveying the public lands in Dakota
Territory, at rates not exceeding twelve dollars
per linear mile for standard lines, nine dollars
for township, and eight dollars for section
lines, eighty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Montana
Territory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars
per linear mile for standard lines, twelve dol-
lars for township, and ten dollars for section
lines, sixty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Nebraska,
at rates not exceeding twelve dollars per linear
mile for standard lines, nine dollars for town-
ship, and eight dollars for section lines, sixty
thousand dollars, to take effect upon the pass-
age of this act. I
For surveying the public lands in Kansas,
at rates not exceeding twelve dollars per linear
mile for statiuard lines, nine dollars for town-
ship, and eight dollars for section lines, sixty
thousand dollars, said amount to be available
from and after the passage of this act.
For surveying the public lands in Colorado
lemtory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars
pet linear mile for standard lines, twelve dol-
lars for township, and ten dollars for section
lines, eighty thousand dollars.
rl For surveying the public lands in Idaho
1 erntory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars
per lineal mile for standard lines, twelve dol-
lars for township, and ten dollars for section
lines, thirty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in New Mex-
ico Territory, at rates not exceeding fifteen
dollars per linear mile for standard lines,
twelve dollars for township, and ten dollars
for section lines, thirty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Arizona
Territory, at rates not exceedingfifteen dollars
per 1 mi ear mile for standard lines, twelve dol-
lars for township, and ten dollars for section
lines, twenty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in California,
at_rates not exceedingfifteen dollars per linear
mile for standard lines, fourteen dollars for
township, and twelve dollars for section lines,
and for heavily-timbered mountain lands, at
augmented rates, not exceeding eighteen dol-
lars per linear mile for standard, sixteen dol-
lars_ for township, and fourteen dollars for
section lines, ninety thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Oregon, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per linear
mile for standard lines, fourteen dollars for
township, and twelve dollars for section lines,
forty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Oregon,
densely covered with forests of thick under-
growth, at rates not exceeding eighteen dollars
per linear mile for standard, sixteen dollars
for township, and fourteen dollars for section
lines, thirty thousand dollars; one third of said
amount to be expended east of the Cascade
mountains.
For surveying the public lands in Washing-
ton Territory, at rates not exceeding fifteen
dollars per linear mile forstandard lines, four-
teen dollars for township, and twelve dollars
for section lines, and for heavily-timbered
lands, at augmented rates, not exceeding
eighteen dollars per linear mile for standard,
sixteen dollars for township, and fourteen dol-
lars for section lines, seventy thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Utah Ter-
ritory,"at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars
per linear mile for standard lines, twelve dol-
lars for township, and ten dollars for section
lines, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Nevada,
at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per linear
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for
township, and ten dollars for section lines,
fifty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Wyoming
Territory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars
per linear mile for standard, twelve dollars for
township, and ten dollars for section lines,
fifty thousand dollars.
For survey of the western boundary of Wy-
oming Territory, at a rate not exceeding fifty
dollars per linear mile, estimated distance two
hundred and seventy-seven miles, thirteen
thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For survey of so much of the south boundary
of Colorado Territory as lies between the
twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth meridian, west
of Washington, at a rate not exceeding forty
dollars per linear mile, estimated distance
sixty miles, two thousand four hundred dollars.
For survey of so much of the eastern bound-
ary of New Mexico as lies between the north-
west corner of Texas and the thirty-seventh ,
parallel of north latitude, at a rate not exceed-
ing forty dollars per linear mile, estimated
distance thirty-five miles, one thousand four
hundred dollars.
For survey of the boundary between the
-territories of Idaho and Washington, at a rate
not exceeding sixty dollars per linear mile,
estimated distance one hundred and eighty
miles, ten thousand eight hundred dollars.
For occasional examinations of the public-
surveys in the several surveying districts, in.
order to test the accuracy of the work in the-
field, ten thousand dollars.
For expenses of survey, appraisement, andl
other contingent expenses for carrying out the'
proviaionsof the act of February twenty-fourth,,
eighteen hundred and seventy-one, providing
for the sale of useless military reservations,,
twenty thousand dollars.
For survey of exterior boundaries of Indian,
reservations, and subdividing portions of the-
satoe, two hundred thousand dollars.
Expenses of tJie Collection of lievetiue fvotw-
Sales of Public Lands,
For salaries and commissions of registers of
land offices and receivers of public moneys
at ninety-two land offices, four hundred and
ninety-eight thousand seven hundred dollars.
For incidental expenses of the hind offices,
including rents, fifty-five thousand and forty
dollars.
For expenses of depositing moneys received
from sales of public lands, thirteen thousand
dollars.
To meet the expenses of suppressing depre-
dations upon the timber on the public lands,,
eight thousand dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to defray the expenses connected!
with the appraisal and sale of the tracts of land
in the State of Nebraska, belonging to the
Omaha, Pawnee, Otoe and Missonria, and the
Sac and Fox of Missouri tribes of Indians, in
accordance with the provisions of an act
entitled "An actfor the relief of certain tribes
of Indians in the Northern superintendency,"
approved June tenth, eighteen hundred'and
seventy-two, twenty thousand dollars, said
amount to be reimbursed from the proceeds
of the sale of said lands.
Metropolitan Police.
For salaries and other necessary expenses,
of the metropolitan police for the District of
Columbia, two hundred and seven thousand
five huudrcd and thirty dollars: Provided, That
a further sum, amounting to one hundred and
three thousand seven hundred and sixty-five
dollars, shall be paid to defray the expenses
of the said metropolitan police force by the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, and the
county of Washington, beyond the limits of
said cities, in the District of Columbia, in the
proportion corresponding to the number of
privates allotted severally to said precincts;
and the corporate authorities of said cities, and
proper authorities of the District of Columbia,
are hereby authorized and required to levy a
special tax, not exceeding one-third of one
per centum, which shall be specially deposited
once in each week, as such collections are
made, to be appropriated and expended for
said purpose only, for the service of the fispal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and seventy four: Provided further, That the
annual report of the board of metropolitan
police commissioners shall hereafter be made
to the Attorrtey-General of the United States,
who shall also be charged with the disburse-
ment of this appropriation.
Government Hospital for the Insane.
For the support, clothing, medical, and
moral treatment of the insane of the Army and
Navy, revenue cutter, and volunteer service,
