1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1569
five per cent. I understood the Postmaster
General distinctly to say that he had never
exercised the discretion at all because he had
no appropriation to meet it. He preferred to
comply with the law just as it was, giving
simply the amount contracted for without
using the discretion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am not
finding any fault with the Postmaster General.
I think he has a hard enough time of it with
the railroads, and I propose to help him.
Now this measure does not propose to in-
crease the amount of compensation on the
large routes where the heaviest mails are. car-
ried, but it proposes a very extensive increase
upon all the smaller routes. Senators shake
their heads. Let us see what it is. The bill
as reported by the Senate committee pro-
vides—
On routes carrying their whole lengthen average
weight of mails per day of two hundred pounds, fifty
dollars.
That is the very lowest sum of the third
class, and it goes on increasing above that, for
every specified additional amount of mail.
Mr. COLE. That is for post office cars. I
hope the Senator will observe the distinction.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then the
Senate committee propose an additional ap-
propriation for postal cars. Their proviso is
that we pay for these postal cars according to
their length an additional sum at a rate not
exceeding twenty-five dpllars per mile per
annum for cars forty feet in length for each
daily trip( and thirty dollars per mile per annum
for forty-five feet cars, and fifty dollars a mile
for fifty-five to sixty feet cars. This is the
additional sum that is appropriated.
Now, Mr. President, we know that only a
year or two ago fhere was a proposition
made by one Giles A.. Smith to raise the entire
compensation of all these roads fifty per cent.,
provided the roads would pay him a certain
percentage of the amount, which was very
large. I suppose they have abandoned that
means of raising their pay, and now resort to
this threat that they will stop our mails if we
do not choose to increase their pay. But is
there any limit to the. demands that they might
make upon us provided we accede to the one
now made ? Will it not be an encouragement
for all the roads to make the same demand 1
The Senator from California intimates that
a portion of these roads he has no doubt will
insist upon stopping the mails unless the
Government shail consent to what they now
demand, but he does not think a very large
number of them will. Why, sir, when half a
dozen of them succeed, do you suppose that
any of the rest will bold back? It would be
absurd to suppose so.
Mr. COLE. I wish the Senator would
allow me a moment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. I do not wish to be misunder-
stood. I do not say that they will stop the
mail, but they will cease to use the postal cars,
which are built by themselves, and which, like
others, wear out, and will not be replaced by
new ones unless you present some induce-
ment of this kind. That is the point.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, if the railroads desire to invoke a con-
test with the United States on this question, I
say let them do it. I am far from being dis-
posed to oppose a reasonable rate of compen-
sation to the^e roads, but I am opposedto
their asserting'their mastery herein relation
to appropriations, aud I trust that we shall not
hesitate at once to strike out this paragraph,
as proposed by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SAWYER. One or two statements
have been made by the Senator from Ver-
mont that I think require correction, ile
says that the mail service by railroads has
constantly been growing more expensive than
the old system, notwithstanding the increase
of railroad facilities. Now, it is a fact that
notwithstanding the constantly increasing
42d Oosfs. 3d Sess.—No. 99.
length of railroad lines in the country, the
postal expenses have not been increasing in
the same ratio that the railroad lines have.
From the year 1868 to 1872 there was an in-
crease of railroad routes in the United States of
sixty and seventy-eight hundredths per cent.,
and the increase of cost for mail transporta-
tion was fifty-five and sixty-seven hundredths
per cent., or over five per cent, less increase of
cost than increase of distance; so that there
has been a regular saving from 1868 to 1872 in
proportion to the distance the mail was car-
ried on railroad routes. We have been con-
stantly gaining on that. There has been an
increase of six and ninety five hundredths per
cent, in length of other routes than railroad
routes, and there has been an increase of ex-
pense on other routes than railroad routes in
that time of only thee tenths of one per cent.
The annual cost of postal clerks, route agents,
&c., has in the four years increased ninety-
eight per cent.; but if the Senator will exam-
ine the figures on this subject he will find that
we have been gaining in economy by carrying
the mailsfor four years certainly, and how much
longer I do not know.
This is not a question whether the railroads
will refuse to carry the mails or not. I do not
understand that any railroad company will put
itself in such a position toward the Govern-
ment,, that any railroad company will refuse to
carry the mails in some way ; but the Senator
from Vermont must admit that we cannot
reasonably expect a railroad company any
more than anybody else to carry the mails in
any particular manner when it is a constant
loss to them; and it is demonstrable that the
present rate for carrying the mails by postal
cars is a positive loss, and that there is no
single important railroad in the country that
could not hire the cars which carry the post
office clerks and the mails which are carried
in the postal cars at three times the rate the
Government pays. Adams Express Company
stand ready to-day to hire the exact accom-
modations which the Post Office Department
has at four times the amount which the Gov-
ernment pays for those cars.
Now, I ask if you cannot compel, if you
have no right to compel the railways to carry
the mails in a particular style, whether you
have a right to say that you will insist upon
their carrying them in particular cars. They
will not take a contract, and they have not
made a contract for years to carry the mails
on these railroads. They take the pay you
give them, but they will not make a contract
to do it, because freight of this character is
carried at a very low rate, lower than second-
class freight; and they will not make a con-
tract to bind themselves to deliver that freight
at a particular point at a particular hour un-
less you oblige them to do it by law ; and it is
a question whether you have any more right
to compel them to do that by law than you
have to take any other rights of private prop-
erty. If you take the ground that you may
sequester their property for public use, it is
simple justice that you should pay them for
it; and I submit that the present rates for
carrying the postal cars over the principal
railroads of the United States are equivalent
to a sequestering of a certainamount of prop-
erty that belongs to these railroads. Private
individuals, as I said, stand ready to hire those
cars at three or four times the rate which we
pay for them.
The committee have not recommended ^ the
rates that the companies have asked for. They
have asked for three or four times as much as
the committee have given them. The com-
mittee have given them such a sum as they
thought would permit the mail service to be
carried on in the present manner, not what the
railroad companies could get for the service
if performed by private individuals, but sim-
ply enough to save the people from the great
inconvenience which would result from the
taking off of these postal cars.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina allow me to ask him
a question ?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. Do I understand him
to say that the demands of the railroad com-
panies for transportation claims are three or
four times what we now pay them ?
Mr. SAWYER. I mean to say the demands
of the railroad companies for the transporta-
tion of postal ears, for drawing postal cars,
are three or four times the amount at present
paid.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator oblige
me, and I suppose the Senate, by stating what
amount we now pay them for that kind of
service and what amount they demand for it?
Mr. SAWYER. I think the amount that
the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore
road demanded was about $116,000, where we
now pay them $37,500, and the amendment
of the committee gives them about $45,000.
Mr. CASSERLY. Can the Senator state
about what is the whole amount appropriated
for that kind of service in this bill, and how
that compares with the demands of the rail-
road companies, in round sums of dollars?
Mr. SAWYER. I do not remember exactly.
The chairman of the committee may be able
to give that information; but I give the single
instance of a road a hundred miles long to
which by the present allowance we pay $37,500,
and that railroad company, basing its price
upon what it would receive from ordinary
transportation, from ordinary freight carried
in such cars, would receive at least two and a
half times as much as this bill allows.
Mr. WINDOM. If the Senator will allow
me a moment I will say that the statement is
that we pay them now, taking that road as an
illustration, thirteen cents per mile, and they
ask forty cents per mile.
Mr. SAWYER. About three times the
present amount.
Mr. WINDOM. The committee, however,
report but a very small increase on what they
now receive.
Mr. SAWYER. In that particular case by
way of illustration, of a railroad one hundred
miles long, the bill allows about $45,000, an
increase of less than twenty-five per cent, on
the present rate.' Now 1 wish the Senate to
bear in mind this fact, that in 1850 we paid
that particular railroad a thousand dollars nom-
inally, to say nothing about the difference in
currency, more for carrying the mails than we
pay them to-day, and that then they carried
the mails in freight cars in the same way that
they would carry other freight. Now they
carry them in postal cars that cost seven or
eight times as much as the freight cars cost.
Now they carry the mails as fast as they then
carried them, and now the mails are nearly
twice as heavy.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand the Senator
to say, then, that the instance which he has
given of the Philadelphia, Wilmington, and
Baltimore railroad is a sample of the general
increased demands of the railroad companies
in regard to this particular class of postal
service.
Mr. SAWYER. I suppose there is no im-
propriety in saying that the gentleman who
appeared before the committee in behalf of the
Philadelphia, Wilmington, and Baltimore
Railroad Company also represented the Penn-
sylvania Railroad Company, the New "York
Central, the Baltimore and Ohio to a certain
extent, the New York and Erie, the New York
and New Haven, and the roads from New
York to Boston; in short, the greatest railroad
routes in the country. While the committee
recognized in the fullest degree the inadequacy
of the present compensation, they did not feel
like advancing the rates to anything equal to
their demand, notwithstanding they were con-
vinced that if these cars were put to the ordin-
ary purposes of the railroads they would be
remunerative to the companies.
