210
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
42d Cono....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
who may have become insane since their entry
into the service of the United States, and of
the indigent insane of the District of Columbia,
in the government hospital for the insane,
including five hundred dollars for books, sta-
tionery, and incidental expenses, one hundred
and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For repairs and improvements of the hos-
pital buildings, twenty thousand dollars.
For the erection of a stock-barn on one of
the outlying farms of the institution, and a
hay-barn- on the other outlying farm, and of a
poultry house within the hospital inclosure,
nine thousand dollars.
For the erection, lighting, heating, and fur-
nishing of a detached building to contain tail-
ors', shoemakers', and mattress-makers' shops
and store-rooms, and dormitories for mechan-
ics and farm-laborers, without families, ten
thousand dollars.
For moving, repairing, and Building cottages
for the occupation of the employes ot' the hos-
pital having families', five thousand seven hun-
dred and twelve dollars and twenty-two cents.
For completion of the roads and walks in
the exercise grounds of the patients, two thou-
sand dollars.
Columbia Institution for the Deaf and Dumb.
For the support of the institution, including
salaries and incidental expenses, the main-
tenance of the beneficiaries of the United
States, and five hundred dollars for books
and illustrative apparatus, forty-eight thou-
sand dollars.
Columbia Hospital for Women and Lying-in
Asylum, and other Charities.
For the support of the Columbia Hospital
for Women and Lying-in Asylum, over and
above the probable amount which will be re-
ceived from pay patients, twenty-eight thou-
sand .five hundred dollars.
To aid in the support of the Children's Hos-
pital of Washington, District of Columbia,
live thousand dollars.
For care, support, and medical treatment of
sevon-ty-five transient paupers, medical and
surgical patients, in some proper medical in-
stitution in the city of Washington, under a
contract to be formed with such institution,
fifteen thousand dollars, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, under the direction of the
Secretary of War.
For the Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans'
Home, Washington city, District of Columbia,
to be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, fifteen thousand dollars:
Provided, That hereafter no child or children
shall be admitted into said home except " the
destitute orphans of soldiers and sailors who
have died in the late war on behalf of the
Union of these States," as provided for in
section three of the act entitled "An act to
incorporate the National Soldiers' and Sail-
ors' Orphans' Home," approved July twenty-
fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six: And
provided further, That no child not an iuvalid
shall remain in said home after having attained
the age of sixteen years.
To aid in the erection of a building for a
hospital in the city of Washington, under the
charge, and control of an incorporated asso-
ciation in said city, known as the Sisterhood
of Saint John, twenty-five thousand dollars
are hereby appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
be paid to the said association.
Smithsonian Institution.
For preservation of the collections of the
surveying and exploring expeditions of the
Government, fifteen thousand dollars.
For fitting up the new halls required for the
Government collections, fifteen thousand dol-
lars.
For steam-heating apparatus for • the same,
twelve thousand dollars.
Capitol Extension.
For continuing the work on the Capitol, and
for general care and repairs thereof, sixty-five
thousand dollars.
For extending the inlets to the Senate Cham-
ber for fresh air to the lower terrace near the
western park, ten thousand dollars.
For constructing coal-vaults within the open
space at the east front of the Capitol, between
the wings and the old building, sixteen thou-
sand dollars ; and for connecting the Capitol
by telegraph, to be used solely for public busi-
ness, with all the Departments of Government
and the Government Printing Office in the
city of Washington, eight thousand dollars, or
so much thereof as may be necessary, to be
expended under the direction of the officer in
charge of the public buildings and grounds:
Provided, That the immediate connection of
the wires with any of the public buildings
shall be made under ground, or in such man-
ner as not to injure the appearance of the
Capitol or other public buildings.
For grading and pavingthe streets and foot-
ways around the Capitol, and running from
Pennsylvania avenue to B streets north and
south, to the line of the east front of the
Capitol, and for improving the grounds within
that area, one hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That in the improve-
ments of streets about the Capitol, the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall assess and collect the
cost of all improvements made in front of all
private property in the same proportion as
charged by the District authorities for similar
improvements.
For ten thousand eight hundred and forty-four
square feet of land on South Capitol and South
B streets, with the buildings standing thereon,
the sum of fifteen thousand dollars, to be paid
to the trustees of the Israel African Methodist
Episcopal Qhurch, whenever they shall, in due
and legal form, transfer to the United States
a good and sufficient title to said land and
premises : Provided, That said trustees may
have the right to remove the building thereon
known as the parsonage and the seats and
benches belonging to the church, any time
within thirty days alter being notified to re-
move the same by the architect of the Capitol.
For alteration and refitting the Hall of the
House of Representatives for accommodation
of the increased number of members and the
better ventilation and lighting thereof, to be
expended underthesupervision of the architect
of the Capitol extension, according to a plan
to be established by resolution of the House,
forty thousand dollars ; and the amounts here-
by appropriated for work on and around the
Capitol shall be available from the passage of
this act.
Botanical Garden.
For the construction of a brick wall and iron
fence along First street, between Pennsylvania
and Maryland avenues, and for gateways on
same line, nine thousand five hundred dollars.
For taking down and rebuilding fence along
Maryland avenue and Third street, to conform
to new grade, four thousand dollars.
For repairs to buildings, improvements to
heating apparatus, and walks, and for grading
and inclosing square on Maryland avenue op-
posite the Botanical Garden, bounded by
Second, Third, and B streets, and for erecting
thereon houses for storing pots, soil, coal, and
plants, six thousand five hundred dollars.
For completing the new cohservatory by
erecting an octagon at the eastern end to con-
form to that at the western end, seventeen
thousand five hundred dollars ; and the sev-
eral amounts hereby appropriated for the
Botanical Gardens shall be available from the
passage of this act.
Survey of the Coast.
For continuing the survey of the Atlantic
and Gulf coasts of the United States, and Lake
Champlain, including compensation of civil-
ians engaged in the work, and excluding pay
and emoluments of officers of the Army and
Navy, and petty officers and men of the Navy
employed in the work, four hundred and ten
thousand'dollars.
For continuing the survey of the western
coastof the UnitedStates, includiugcompcnssj-
tion of civilians, and pay and rations of en-
gineers of steamers engaged iu the work, two
hundred and sixty thousand dollars.
For extending the triangulation of the coast
survey, so as to form a geodetic connection
between the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of the
United States, and assisting in the State sur-
veys, including compensation of civilians en-
gaged.in the work, thirty-six thousand dollars.
For repairs and maintenance of the comple-
ment of vessels used in the Coast Survey, fifty
thousand dollars.
For continuing the publication of the obser-
vations made in the progress of coast survey,
including compensation for civilians engaged
in the work, the publication to be made at the
Government, Printing Office, ten thousand dol-
lars.
Idght-Eouse Establishment.
For salaries of eight hundred and ninety-
three light-house keepers and light beacon
keepers, and their assistants, five hundred
and thirty-five thousand eight hundred dollars.
For repairs and incidental expenses in refit-
ting and improving light-houses, and buildings
connected therewith, two hundred and twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For supplying the light-houses and beacon
lights on the Atlantic, Gulf, Lake, and Pacific
coasts, with oil, wicks, glass chimneys, chamois-
skins, spirits of wine, whiting, polishing pow-
der, towels, brushes, soap, paints, and other
cleaning materials, and for expenses of repair-
ing and keeping in repair illuminating appa-
ratus and machinery, and of gauging, testing,
transportation, delivery of oil and other sup-
plies for light-houses, and other incidental
necessary expenses, three hundred and sixty
thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven dol-
lars.
For expenses of visiting and inspecting
lights and other aids to navigation, two thou-
sand dollars.
For seamen's wages, rations, repairs, sal-
aries, supplies, and incidental expenses of
twenty-two light-ships and seven relief light- •
vessels, two hundred and seventeen thousand
seven hundred and thirty-two dollars and fifty
cents.
For repairs and incidental expenses in re-
newing, refitting, and improving fog-signals
and buildings connected therewith, fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting,
repairing, renewing, and supplying losses of
buoys, spindles, and day beacons, and for
chains, sinkers, and similar necessaries, three
hundred thousand dollars.
For light-houses, beacons, and fog-sig-
nals :
For rebuilding the upper part of the light-
house tower at Nash's Island, coast of Maine,
three thousand dollars. '
For building the upper part of the light-
house tower at Seguin Island, coast of Maine,
five thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the west light-house at Cape
Elizabeth, coast of Maine, thirty thousand
dollars.
For replacing day beacons destroyed by the
ice on the coast of Maine and Massachusetts,
thirty thousand dollars.
Forasteamfog-signalatthe Highlands, Cape
Cod, Massachusetts, five thousand dollars.
