1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1571
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills of the Senate
without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 363) to provide for a building
■ suitable for a post office, for the accommoda-
tion of the revenue officers and the United
States courts, and their officers, in the city of
Parkersburg, West Virginia; and
A bill (S. No. 1156) to define the limits of
the collection district of the Teche in the
State of Louisiana, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 4033) authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at St. Louis, in the State of Missouri; and
A bill (H. R. No. 4034) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to dispose of the
old post office property in Chicago.
BILLS RECOMMITTED.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the vote in-
definitely postponing the bill (H. R. No. 2468)
granting a pension to Samuel B. Davis, of
Newport, Indiana, be reconsidered, and that
the bill and adverse report be recommitted to
the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I make the same motion in
regard to the bill (S. No. 872) granting a
pension of fifty dollars per month to Samuel
Davis, of New Trentorr, Indiana.
,The motion was agreed to.
\/ OBSCENE LITERATURE.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask the Senate to
indulge me one moment in calling up Senate
bill No. 1572. I think there, will be no
amendment proposed.
By unanimous consent, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the bill (S. No. 1572) for
the suppression of trade in and circulation
of obscene literature and articles of immoral
use.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole as amended.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. MACHEN. I inquire what has become
of the Post Office appropriation bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was laid
aside informally to consider this bill.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
APPORTIONMENT OF WYOMING.
Mr. NYE. I want to enter a motion to
reconsider a report which I had the honor to
make a day or two ago. I reportedJVom the
Committee on Territories the bill (H. R. No.
3949) to provide for the apportionment of the
Territory of Wyoming for legislative purposes,
adversely, and it was postponed indefinitely.
I have received a communication from there
which makes it necessary that something
should be done. I therefore ask to have that
disposition of the report' set aside, and that
the bill be recommitted to the Committee on
Territories. _
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the motion of the Senator from
Nevada?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Which is only to recom-
mit the matter to the committee, I believe. _
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
so understands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. Let us go on with the appro-
priation bill.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole>
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 3498) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the
year ending June 30, 1874, the question being
on Mr. Sherman's motion to strike out lines
ninety-nine to one hundred and sixty-four of
f ho fiwet oflfttiA
Mr. SHERMAN. I sympathize with the
Senator from California in his desire to pass
this bill, but I give him fair notice now that
if he insists on adding to this appropriation
bill legislation so important as this proves to
be, after examination, he cannot pass it in half
an hour or in an hour.
Mr. COLE. I only insist upon a vote on
the question. If I am defeated by the Senate,
I submit.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I wish to say to the
Senate that my deliberate conviction is, after
examining this matter as well as I can, from
my knowledge of the increase of rates pro-
posed, the amount involved in this part of the
bill is not less than a million and a half to
two million dollars annually. I will give tho
figures and the grounds of this belief to show
why I do not resist this legislation merely for
an idle pretext, but for the purpose of show-
ing that this proposition ought not to enter
upon this bill at all.
Let us look at the figures, and I beg the
attention of Senators to them. The amount
that is now paid to railroad companies for
transporting the mail is $6,502,771, being
much the largest item of our postal expendi-
ture. That is paid under a section of a law
which is in a few words, but which my friend
from Vermont read, which divides the trans-
portation by railroads into three classes, one
at fifty dollars, one at $100, and one at $300
a mile. There are three classes, and the aggre-
gate paid under that simple provision is, as I
say, six and a half million dollars.
Now let us look at what this bill does.
There is a good deal of talk about postal cars,
but remember that the chief increase is not
about the postal cars at all; it is on the ordin-
ary postal routes of the country. This bill pro-
vides for seven different classes, the low-
est of which is fifty dollars, and the highest
of which is not less than six or seven
hundred instead of three hundred dollars.
The first three classes that are provided for
in this bill are now paid at the rate of fifty
dollars ; they are to be paid by this bill, one
of them fifty dollars, another seventy-five dol-
lars, and another $100. So that here is an
average increase on the lower routes, on the
small routes now paid fifty dollars a year, of
from twenty-five to fifty per cent. Then the
next three classes, the third, fourth, and
fifth, embraced in the present $100 class,
this bill provides for paying from one hundred
up to one hundred and seventy-five dollars ;
so that here is an increase of the second grade
of at least fifty per cent. Under the tbird
class, which includes the great railroad cor-
porations of the United States, the increase
is greater. Under the last class here, the
seventh grade, it is provided, " on routes
carrying their whole length an average weight
of five thousand pounds the rate shall be $200,
and twenty-five dollars additional for every
additional two thousand pounds."
My friend from Louisiana, [Mr. West,] in
order to make a test case, said that I was mis-
taken, that it did not increase these larger
corporations. Let us see. He gave me the
figures and I have them here. He says that
the Philadelphia, Wilmington, and Baltimore
road, whose reports were read here and who
complain about the present rate of $300 a
mile, carry twenty thousand pounds of mail
matter a day; and at the rate of $200 per
mile and twenty-five dollars for every two
thousand pounds above five thousand, which
is the rate fixed here, the amount of their
allowance for their postal service alone would
be $387 50 a mile, and then to that add for
postal car service extra, additional pay not
now provided by law of from twenty-five to
fifty dollars per mile, and you would have an
aggregate cost of not less than four hundred
and twelve to four hundred and forty dollars
per mile instead of three hundred dollars,
showing an increase to these large corporations
of something like forty or fifty per cent.
Now, Mr. President, is it not apparent upon
these figures that the increased cost of our
postal service by railroad companies is not
less than thirty-three to fifty per cent, by this
bill? Compute that on the $6,500,000 which
is paid to railroad companies under our present
law, and you will find an increase provided by
this bill of not less than two millions per
annum, if I can understand the figures. That
is what is contained in this bill. It is true
that there are only $500,000 appropriated;
but what difference does it make ? Suppose
there was not a dollar appropriated, when
you give by the law the right to compensa-
tion, the appropriation must follow as inev-
itably as the apple falls from the tree when
it is ripe. You must appropriate when you
make the contract. I say that a proposition
of this kind, involving so large a sum, ought
not to be added to an appropriation bill with-
out our understanding it fully.
I know my friend is anxious to get' away; I
want to get away. I think this subject ought
to be separated from this bill and let it stand
upon the present law. Under the law the
Postmaster General is authorized to make
some arrangements about this postal service.
The authority is sufficient, but he has not ex-
ercised it. We ought not in this appropriation
bill, under color of carrying on the ordinary
operations of the Government, to provide for
an increased expense which upon the best fig-
ures I can get will not be less than from
twenty-five to forty per cent.
Now, Mr. President, the idea advanced by
some of these railroad gentlemen that they do
not get more for carrying postal matter than is
paid for pig iron is simply absurd. The very
lawest rate provided by this bill to the heaviest
corporations that carry the largest amount of
mail matter is at the rate of twenty-five dollars
per ton per mile for the year. I have figured
it up. Nowthe minimum paid for heavy freight
is one cent a ton per mile.' I suppose the way
they count it is this: they call a postal car,
which is ran as a postal car, equivalent to ten
tons of freight, which is the full maximum of
a freight car ; and they say that if a. postal
car was filled full with ten tons of mail matter,
then probably it would pay about the same
rate. But it must be remembered that these
postal cars are very large, and not much occu-
pied. According to this computation some
of them only carry an average of two hundred
pounds a day, or thirty tons a year of mail
matter. I have figured it up. The railroads
that get fifty dollars per mile only carry on an
average thirty tons of mail matter in a year.
Those that carry seventy-five tons of mail mat-
ter in a year average seventy-five dollars per
mile, and so on. I do not wish to consume
any more time about it.
Mr. SAWYER. The Senator from Ohio
raises a specter here that bids fair to frighten
men from their propriety. The pay at pres-
ent given is precisely that which this bill gives
till you get to the present maximum ; and the
present rates are, first, fifty dollars per mile
for roads carrying an average weight of two
hundred pounds of mail per day, which is pre-
cisely this bill. The present rate for roads
carrying an average weight of five hundred
pdunds per day is seventy-five dollars, just as
it is in this bill. Roads carrying a thousand
pounds per day have now $100 per mile, just
as in this bill. Roads carrying two thousand
pounds per day now have $150. Roads carry-
ing sixty-two hundred and forty-eight pounds
vary from $200 to $275, by the present rates.
Mr. SHERMAN. Here the law is before
me, and there are but three classes under the
law.
Mr. SAWYER. In fact the habit of the
Department has been to make subdivisions in
these classes in order to save money. I have
given the present rates up to $300 per mile;
and roads that carry forty-two hundred and
