608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
Finki'lnbursr. Forker. Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Gar-
bold. John B. llawley. Jostph H. Hawley, Hoar,
telle}, Kerr. Koii'h.im. Ivillinger, Muuson, Alar-
-h.ill. MiCuiiuiok, Melirew. Alerrinm, Benjamin F.
Movers, Monroe, Nihlack, Ho«e  W. Parker, Isaac
C. Parker, Peek, Pendleton. Potter, Randall, Ellis
11. Robert?. William lv. Roberts, Robinson, Sar-
;ent. Sawyer, Seniors, Shank?. Shellabarger, Sher-
wnoii. Shoemaker. Sioeum, iL Boardman Smith,
Speer, Swaun, Terry. I'pson, Vaughan, Wakeman,
Weils. Wheeler, Wilhud. Williams of Indiana, and
Wilii.ims ot New Vi.ik—67.
NUf YullNl-i—Messrs. Ames, Averill. Banks,
Barr>, Bisby. • >1 Bright, Brooks, Buckley. Bun-
nell. Campbell. Carroll, Clarke, Creely, Crocker,
Rirr.ill. l i\vi's. Hickoy. Duell, Farwell, Charles
Filler. Ilenry l>. Foster, Goodrich,Haldeman, Hale,
ll,il?ey. Houghton. Kendall, Kinsella, Lamport,
Landing. Lynch. AleClelland, McCrary, Mcllenry,
.NlcKee, iliichell. Jlorphis, Palmer, Perce, Piatt,
i'rindle, Roosevelt. Seotield, Seeiey, Shober, Sinter,
Worthiugton C. Smuh, Snyder, St. John, Sypher,
'I<ifie. Thomas. Dwiglit Townsend, Twichell, Tyner,
Voorhees. Vu is. Warren, Winchester, Wood, and
Young— t)2.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read the next amendment, as fol-
low* :
Add at the end of the bill the following as an
udduional section:
Stc. 2. That the ninth section of an act making
appr ppriatious for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1S72, and for other purposes,
approved March 3, 1871, is hereby repealed.
The SPEAKER. If there be no separate
vote asked on that amendment it will be con-
sidered as concurred in.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to raise a ques-
tion of order ou that amendment. On Mon-
day last under a suspension of the rules the
H ouse directed a certain amendment to be in
order to this appropriation bill in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The effect of that was, as I understand, to
make it a portion of the bill pending in the
Committee of the Whole. An amendment
was however made in the Committee of the 1
Whole by striking out a portion of the amend- 1
ment ordered to be in order by the House,
leaving only that portion which has been read
by the Clerk. I insist that not only is the
portion before the House in order, but also
that portion which was striken out by the com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is in error, i
and the Chair will give his view on that point
iuliv. It is one likely to come up often on
appropriation bills. When the House sus-
pends the rules to make a particular amend-
ment in order in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, which would not
otherwise be in order, it, by that action,
opens it up to germane amendments. That
has been frequently ruled upon, and it has
been uniformly ruled that when the rules
had been suspended in order to bring an
amendment before the committee anything
germane thereto in committee will be in '
order; for otherwise the action of the com-
mittee would be limited merely to voting on j
the words of the amendment presented. |
And there is this other important point:
and the Chair gives his ruling in advance,
for it may come up hereafter, although it does j
not come up now; and that is, if the rules j
be suspended in order to make a particular
provision in order in the Committee of the '
Whole and the committee does not adopt it, |
it cannot by virtue of having been discussed !
in the committee be moved in the House, be-
cause a suspension of the rules goes precisely
to the extent of allowing it to be offered in
Committee of" the Whole, and it does not
derive from that circumstance the right to be
offered afterward in the House as an amend-
ment under the rules hag a right to be offered
in the House. And the Chair begs gentlemen
to observe this ruling.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the Clerk be directed to make the change in
the total of appropriations, rendered necessary
by the amendments that have been made in
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that this has been done.
Mr. SESSIONS. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following amendment:
In line one hundred and forty-seven strike out
" $1,800*' and insert
The object of this amendment is to put the
paying teller for the Sergeant-at-Arms on the
same footing as the corresponding officer in
the Senate. His duties are more arduous.
There was no objection ; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recou-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed:
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURES.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, presented a detailed statement of the
receipts and expenditures of the United States
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, and
moved that it be printed and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the statement was
referred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE PROPERTY DESTROYED BY THE ARMY.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, also, by unani-
mous consent, reported back from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations the bill (H. R. No.
063) for the ascertainment and examination
of claims for compensation for the use and
destruction of private property by the United
States Army, during the late war for the pres-
ervation of the Union, in the States not pro-
claimed as in insurrection against the United
States ; and moved that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
same, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was referred
to the Committee of Claims; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio I desire to
inquire while I am upon the floor whether
there is any exclusive order for to-day ? If
not, I will move that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole to proceed with
the consideration of the appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. There is an exclusive
order for the hour of two o'clock, the consid-
eration of the bill in reference to the Territory
of Oklahoma being assigned for that hour.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 3500) referring certain claims
to the Court of Claims ; which was read a first
and second time, recommitted to the commit-
tee, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POTTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which tfye bill was recommitted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SPECIAL ALLOWANCES TO COLLECTORS.
Mr. ELDREDGE, by unanimous consent,
submitted, the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
directed to furnish the House of Representatives
a statement showing the amount of special allow-
ances granted to collectors of internal revenue from
March 4,18G9, toBecember3l, 1872, the names of the
collectors to whom allowed, the districts where they
serve, the period for which the allowances are made,
and whether any collector at the time the allowance
was granted was a defaulter, or had any unpaid bal-
aBce standing against him on the books of the Treas-
ury ; and that the information be reported by States,
and each State to be reported as soon as the facts
can be compiled.
Mr. ELDREDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid ou the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THEODORE ADAMS.
Mr. PETERS. I present a report from the
committee of conference on House bill No.
2040.
The Clerk read as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on House bill No. 2046, for
the relief of Theodore Adams, having met, after full
and free conference, have agreed to recommend and
do recommend to their respective Houses as follows :
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first and second amendments of the Senate to
said bill, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede trom all of their remaining
amendments to said bill.
JOHN A. PETERS,
H. H. STARKWEATHER,
Managers on the part of the House,
JOHN SCOTT,
A. I. BOREMAN,
FRANK P. BLAIR,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the amendment of
the Senate, which was the subject referred to
the committee of conference, will be reported.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report it.
The Clerk read as follows:
In line five of said bill strike out " hereafter to be "
and insert "not otherwise."
In line six strike out " for that purpose."
In lines six and seven of the bill strike out "one
hundred and twelve " and insert " thirty-nine."
In line seven of the bill strike out " seven" and
insert "two."
In lines seven and eight strike out " forty " and
insert "forty-two."
In line eight of the bill strike out "seventy-six "
and insert "fifty-six."
In line nine of the bill strike out the words
" under bis contract with" and insert the word
"against."
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say a word
with reference to this report.
Mr. PETERS. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. HOLMAN. I was not able to concur
with the majority of the committee on the part
of the House in this report, and I trust the
House will recall the facts upon which this
claim is predicated. This was a report made
to the Senate during the last session of Con-
gress and acted on by the Senate during its
present session. The claim of Mr. Adams
was for services rendered the Government in
constructing certain boats on the Mississippi
river at St. Louis in 1861. That claim, with
a great many others of the same character, was
referred by the War Department to acommis-
sion consisting of Judge Davis, now of the
Supreme Court, Judge Holt, and another gen-
tleman whose name I do not recall, who were
to investigate those claims and report to the
War Department. This claim of Mr. Adams
was largely reduced by the commission. Con-
gress then passed a bill to pay those claims on
the basis of the report of the commission, and
Mr. Adams received the amount reported in
his favor by the commission. The act of Con-
gress provided that the sum should be received
in full, and it was so received. After that
Mr. Adams brought suit in the Court of Claims
to recover the amount which the commission
had reduced his original claim, and the Court
of Claims decided the case in his favor. The
Government then took the case to the Supreme
Court of the United States, and that court
reversed the decision of the Court of Claims
upon the ground that under the act of Congress
Mr. Adams having received the amount found
due him, he was precluded from setting up
any further claim upon the Government. Mr.
Adams then came to the House of Representa-
tives and obtained the passage of a bill allow-
ing him $112,000, the amount which had been
