1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1573
The question being put, a division was called
for ; and the ayes were nineteen.
Mr. COLE and Mr. WINDOM called for
tbe yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Bayard, Boreman. Cas-
serly, Chandler, Clayton, Oonkling, Corbett, Davis,
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Kelly, Pome-
roy. Ransom, Rice, Saulsbury, Schurz, Vickers, and
Wright—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Cole, Crngin, Frelinghuy'sen,
Hitchcock, Logan, Machen, Morrill of Vermont,
Nye, Sawyer, Sprague, Stewart, West, Wilson, and
Windora—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter,
Cooper, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Johnston,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine. Morton, Norwood, Osborn,
Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Seott,
Sherman, Spencer, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner,
Thurman, Tipton, and Trumbull—36.
So the motion was agreed to ; and (at five
o'clock and twenty-two minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 21, 1873.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
JOHN B. EMERSON.
Mr. BARRY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Patents, reported back,
with the recommendation that it do pass, the bill
(S. No. 138) for the relief of John B. Emerson.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
a third reading.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to John B. Emerson
the sum of $25,610, to be received in full sat-
isfaction for the infringement by the Govern-
ment of the United States of his patent dated
March 8, 1834.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there a report in this
case ?
Mr. BARRY. There is an accompanying
report.
Mr. RANDALL. Let it be read.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the
report.
Mr. BARRY. With the permission of the
House, 1 can make a brief statement which
will supercede the reading of the report.
Mr. RANDALL. I have read the report
myself, and will not insist on its further read-
ing.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
I \v vl 
Mr. BARRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE ACROSS THE ST. LOUIS RIVER.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported back,
with the recommendation that it do pass, the
bill (S. No. 1499) to authorize the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company to construct and
maintain a bridge across the St. Louis river.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the thiid time, and
passed. .
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GOVERNMENT PROPERTY AT CHICAGO.
Mr. FARWELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 4033) to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to dispose of the
old post office property in Chicago, Illinois;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to exchange with the city
of Chicago the piece of land, with the remains
of the old custom-house and post office build-
ings thereon, at the corner of Monroe and
Dearborn streets, in the city of Chicago, Illi-
nois, for a piece of land, the property of the
school fund of the city of Chicago, at the
corner of Polk street and Fifth avenue, the
difference in value between such pieces of
land to be ascertained by a commission to con
sist of five persons, two of whom shall be
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury
and two by the municipal authorities of the
city of Chicago ; and the four commissioners
so selected shall choose the fifth; and that
upon the receipt of the report of such com-
mission, or a majority thereof, and its approval
by the Secretary of the Treasury, the Govern-
ment of the United States, or the city of Chi-
cago, as the case may be, shall pay to the other
in money the difference so ascertained in the
value of said pieces of land; and that the
money which may be required to pay for that
property is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, provided that the State of Illinois
shall cede to the United States its jurisdiction
over the property thus acquired by the United
States, together with the right to tax or in any
way assess said lands or property of the United
States that may be thereon during the time
that the United States shall be or remain the
owner thereof.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire whether
this is recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury?
Mr. FARWELL. I send up a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury, which I desire
to have read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Washington, D. C., January 28,1873.
Sib : I hare the honor to transmit herewith acoin-
munication from the mayor of Chicago, covering a
proposition to exchange certain property owned by
the school-board of the city of Chicago for the old
custom-house lot and the remains of the building
thereon. The Department does not at present con-
template the erection of an appraiser's store, as sug-
gested in the communication, but is of the opinion
that it will be for the interests of the Government to
accept the proposition of the city of Chicago, inas-
much as the remains of the old custom-house would
be of considerable value',o the city of Chicago, while
they are of no value to the Government, and would
be of little or no value to ordinary purchasers. . The
Department is informed that the land in question ib
not only desirable but is rising in value. It there-
fore appears to me that the interests of the Govern-
ment would be promoted by an acceptance of that
offer. I submit herewith a bill which, it appears to
me, if passed, will accomplish the desired end.
Very respectfully,
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
Hon. George A. Halsey, Chtrii man Committee on
Public Buildiiigsaitd Groiutdv, House of Iteprcvent-
a tives.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I desire to in-
quire whether this is the bill which the Secre-
tary of the Treasury recommended ?
Mr. FARWELL. It is.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Just as sub-
mitted by him?
Mr. FARWELL. Precisely.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. And does the
Secretary of the Treasury desire that a valu-
ation shall be made and that we shall appro-
priate in advance any money that anybody
may say that the United States Government
ought to pay ?
Mr. FARWELL. In my judgment, and in
that of others who are acquainted with this
property, the money will have to be paid by
the city of Chicago.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. But the bill
provides, without our knowing how much the
Government may be called upon to pay, that
we shall now appropriate whatever those men
in Chicago may say the Government ought to
pay. Does the bill so provide ?
Mr. FARWELL. It does,
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. Ought we not
to know what money we will have to pay,
befpre we make the appropriation in such
general terms ?
Mr. FARWELL. The bill provides that
nothing shall be done except upon the ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Treasury, after
the commissioners have made their report.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. What I want to
get at is this: the Secretary of the Treasury
recommends the passage of a bill appropri-
ating whatever amount these commissioners
in Chicago may say should be paid, making
the appropriation before either he or this
House may know what it is.
Mr. FARWELL. It will be a very trifling
sum, at any rate.
Mr. SARGENT. The bill might provide
that no payment shall be made under this act
except upon appropriation to be hereafter
made by Congress for that purpose.
Mr. FARWELL. I accept that amend-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think some such
bill as this ought to pass. I have no doubt the
Government of the United States will make
money by the proposed exchange of pieces of
ground. The piece offered by the city is a much
larger piece than the other, lying upon the river,
and having a fine river front. It is precisely
such a piece of ground as the Government
would want, in case it should be found neces-
sary to erect a custom-house or appraiser's
store hereafter. The other piece of ground,
now owned by the Government, is a small piece,
surrounded by property owned by private indi-
viduals. This exchange will greatly suit the
city, which desires this public lot for school
purposes.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I do not object
to the exchange, but I think the amount of
money to be paid ought to be ascertained
before we make the appropriation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think the gentle-
man is right about that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that it is proposed to modify the bill so as
to read "and any money which the United
States may be required to pay is subject to
future appropriation by Congress.''
Mr. FARWELL. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill
as amended was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
read,
Mr. FARWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that tbe motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE ACROSS TIIB MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. HOLMAN. The Committee on Com-
merce have instructed me to ask unanimous
consent of the House to pass a bill authorizing
the construction of a bridge across the Missis-
sippi river at St. Louis, in the State of Mis-
souri.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be
after which objection will be in order.
The bill was read at length.
Mr. WELLS. 1 object to the bill.
, Mr. HOLMAN. Then I move to
the rules and pass the bill. I ask leave to
file a 
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Unless debate is
allowed on both sides, I must object to any
debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not object to debate
myself; I am only acting as the organ of the
committee in this matter.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I am willing that
both sides should be heard, but I object to
debate only on one side.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended and the bill passed.
The question was taken; and upon a division
