1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
609
rv)«*rl d ht ikf (H>tnmi**ion which sal in St.
1-^an in The Senate reduced the
amount to $ ! 1 :>o>. si.d 'lie question u whether
he shall be |>a< i as ;>r.ip >sed by the
>>r $ 11 'J UA> us proposed by the llulMr
The C'tmiuu'.tv of couforvnoo have reported
that the Senate should recede Iroiu it« amend-
Meutsotha'. Mr. AdiUJisshai. bo paid $11'.!,000
I w ih to *ay lurtiier to the House, and I
call the spec j! attention of tho gentleman
ftvm Maine cMr to the fuel, that
theae oU:t< %V. itaiivl mi bstan tally on the
aame hast*. an 1 that it' thu amount which was
rejected !k the coi#mi«:rtii is to be allowed
to )tt. Aiiama it wilt be, of couree, a precedent
in favor ol all the otb«r claimants, whose r*-
claims amount to several million dollars.
1 wt>h to say further that this claim of Mr.
A>lam« n* f.nn before the Committee of
Cauus; it afterward wttnl before the Com-
i ■>r. Naval Atfaira, and this bill wu
rr;. r',eU t-p>tn that committee.
1 d i not th i.i '.he II 'use ought to concur in
lV« rej ft n>' -he c mtmtteeof conference, for
I think 'hat by -so d nn  it would establish a
[ rvt-ede:,; wh ch w.> i! l 'ake several million
,i " rH fut .>>' the Treasury.
Mr PETERS. This case has been before
th.> Ho is« «<< many times, and the fuels must
be  o well understood by this time, that I do
nut propose in submitting this report to occupy
more than a tew moments of the time of the
House. The bill for til* relief of Mr. Adams
aHowing him $112,000 waa unanimously re-
ported by a Cutnnautee ia the tut Congress,
it paseect this House by a very large majority
alter a icreat deal of di«cuss oo.
Mr. l'eu)&ain, then a member of the House
from tae State of Missouri, and my distin-
go.d.ed friend from Indiana [Mr. Houiax]
u> it grvuatl in opposition, although u I tin-
d from the gentleman from Indiana at
t '.at l.m>- be was rather softened ia bis opposi-
tion. The Senate did not consider the bill in
that Congrees.
The tame committee of tins Congress report-
ed the suae m for Mr. Adam*, $112,000.
The bill passed this House without any, or
if any. without any essential opposition. It
went over to the Senate for their action. The
claimant. who has been a beggar here before
Congress for the last decade of time, was
willing to hare it passed through the Senate
in almost any form, hop uf that there would
be complete legi-ita'ion upon the subject in
hiw way or otuer before the holidays. It
went to a committee of conference. I hap-
pened to be placed npon that committee,
because the chairman of the Commiuee o 
Naval Affairs [Mr. Scofieu)] who had charge
of the hill waa away, and because circum-
stances threw ine into such relations with the
cajK that I had become cognizant of the facts.
The conferees on the part of the Senate unani-
mously, and the oonferees on the part of the
House, with the exception of my distinguished
friend from Indiana, [J£r. HoiJU-.v,] without
hesitation and with a fall knowledge of all
the facts, instructed a report to be made allow-
ing Mr. Adams the full sum of §112,OX).
Now, the point raised by the gentleman is,
that if this hub is allowed it will be tbe basis
of 000,000 of other claims before Congress.
Sir. not a claim is like this; among all the
claims before Congress not one is like this.
Mr. Adams never appeared before that com-
mission ; be pat m no claim, pat in no evi-
dence, and would have nothing to do with it.
When they dccided. either with or against evi-
dence, that be shoi.ld take a certain sum, if ho
had not taken it as be did tinder protest the
mechanics whom he owed fot their services
would have taken his skin from hi* body, fie
took it and gave bis receipt therefor under ae
solemn a protest as he coo id prepare.
i'he Supreme Court of the United State*
dn. not say that that receipt bad any validity
whatever; it is not a very high kind of paper
4'2l> OiN'U. '.iu  SiHn. — No. 80.
evidence of a contract. Bat the court in tho
case say that they regard it ns of no conse-
quence. After that commission had looked
into this matter and halt undertaken to uiuku
a report and give Mr. Adams that partial pay,
he brought a letter to them asking thetn to
review aud look at certain paper evidence
before them. Although the Court of Claims
has said that it was nti honest and :i legal
claim, the Supreme Court t>ay, upon toe
merest technicality in the world, that he was
really a party to that commission, although he
did not intend to he and did not suppose that
he was.
Now, that commission, in making up the sum
which was adopted by the Senate in their
amendment, lot got the fact, or never took it
into consideration, that the workmen of Mr.
Adams worked nights and worked Suudtv)*,
that he had a solemn contract with them;
that if he had not fulfilled that contract he
would have beeu placed in Fort Lafayette or
somewhere eles. He fulfilled it, as all these
tribnnals say, without taint of fraud, honestly
and manfully. Aud the questiou now is to-
day whether you will allow him tbe balance
due him without interest, which is virtually
allowing him but half the balance really due
bim, because the other half is lost in interest,
the claim being well-nigh ten years old.
The only question before tbe Bouse is
whether they will stand by the action hereto-
fore taken. Bat for a single amendment of
the Senate, making this payment out of funds
not otherwise appropriated, this bill would
become law without any further action on the
part of this House.
Mr. H0LMAN. No, sir} the Senate re-
duced the amount to $89,000.
Mr. PE1EKS. The Senate have now ac-
cepted the report of the committee of con-
ference, which passes the bill as we shall pass it
whan we accept the report ; and but for a single
amendment which they put upon the bill it
would be law without any further action on the
part of the House. I see here the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Sco
field,] who is perfectly cognizant with all the
facts of the csie. If he desires to be heard I
will yield to him; otherwise I will call the
previous quest ion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust it will be tinder-
stood that the adoption of this report will be
•imply reversing the decision of tbe Supreme
Court of tbe United States.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered -, which was upon
agreeing to the report of the committee of con-
ference. .
The question being taken, there were—ayes
eighty-one, noes not counted.
Mr. RANDALL. As ibis establishes a
precedent, we may its well have the yeas and
nays on the question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the yeas and Mays ,
will be ordered.
Tbe yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
ia tbe affirmative—yeas 128, nays 51, not
voting 07 ; as follows:
V LAS—Messrs. Ames, Are her, Barnaul. Erasmus
V. lieck, Bingham, Buckley, Buffinton, Burcharu,
Baricu. Rodanck ft. Butler, Cobb. Ccfhl in, Co-
U111KO. Co user, Conner, Cotton, Cox, Criteber,
Dawerf, De Large, Ilodds, Doniian, Box, DuBose,
Due!!, Bunnell. Bnmes, £Ut£<1#6, Elliott, Ksty.
Kannwortu. Farwall.fc'orkcr, Charles Pinter, Wilder
....... ..
   larmcr. Ilar-
 er. Oworff ft. Harris, Hayf-nf.JolmB. Haw ley,
b. F'/Star, trra, Garfield, Garrett, Ueta, lioUaday.
IiriQitb, llale, IlaUey, Hambleton, it
fer, Gworff ft. Harris, Havens, John
layn, John W. Haxellon. Hill, Hoar. I
ley. Kellogg, Kctcbam, King, Lamison, Lansinfr,
Leach. Lowe. Miyrinril, McCurmlck. Metirew. Mc-
Kinney. M>:Ne«ly. Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Mwiro<f,^M.Hire, Mt>ri*y, Leonard Mrers, Orr Pa«k-
ar<l, I'aeker, Calmer. Isaae 0. Parker.I'eek. Handle*
too. i'erce. Perry. I'etern, 1'latt, Poland, Porter,
Price, Kainey, Ellis II. lioberu, Jt>hn Rogers, 8ion
U. KMcer*. Saritont. Sawyer, Sciflrld, Sessions,
Hfaanks. .Sheldon, Saoemsker, Sloeom, Slots, H.
Lioanlioari .Smith, John A. ouiith, Saapp, Stark-
weathor, Steven*, StouKhton, Stuwell. .Sutherland,
Swann. Wtfbington TownMiid, Turner, Tuthill,
Twichcll, Vaushan. Wadilell, Wak^man,, Wallace,
Warren. Wells, Wliiteley, Willianii <if lililiaoa,
Williams of New York, and .l"lui T. Wilson—l£i
XAYS-Me^r.^. Acker, Ail.im-, Auibler, Arthur,
Barber. Heatty. James It. ll"ck. Bell. ISml. James
li. Ulair, Boarmau. llraxtou, lirii;lit. L'.ililrtell.Cruss-
liunl, Duke, Kly, FinktlnburK, tiijilui*'". Haiieock,
llainUiy. llauks, J>>!iti T. Harris, ll.iy, llrrndon,
Ilibbard, llolmnn. Kerr, Lewis, M iclntvre. M anaoti,
Mel'lellamt, Merrinui Moixan. NibUi-k. llosea W.
I'lirkar, Palter. Kautlall, lte.iil, MwarU V. Kiuo,
William H. Knlieit.i, Sliei wuo'l, Slau-r. Sprnjiue,
Storm. 'IVrrv, I<|  n. W.ililen, WalJron, Wnit-
thorne, and Willard— il.
NOl' VOTING—.\l«iwr«. Avorill. ltauki<. Barry,
Iliklij, Iiiii^'1. Austiii It I .ii r, BoKi, Biooks, Buuiu'll,
BeujaiO'n r. Butler, t" impboll. Carroll, Chirke,
L'oburn. ('robs, Creely, Crocker. Uarrall, Uavin,
Uieke), Henry i>. l'oster. UotKlneh, iinldvniaii,
J>ne| h K. llawlvy. Onrry W. HiUfltmi, Hereford,
llouithton. Remind, Killinger. Klnsella, Ijiuiiport,
Lynoti, Marshall, MeCnu-y. MeUenrv, MoJankiu,
McKoo, iluolieil, Murplns. Nettley, I'riudle, J"hu
M.Ui-e, liitehie, Robinooii, Rooset clt, Ruik, heeley,
Shellabanrer, Sliober, Wortliinuton 0. nmith. Unyiler,
Sneer, Steveniou, su John, Syphor. i'atte. I'boiaas,
Uwiubt Town.-ou l, l>iiur, Van Yruuiu. Voorhcei,
Wall-i, Wheeler, Juruiuuh M. Wilaon, Wincliestor,
Wood, and Vouiis—67.
So the report of tho eommittee of conference
wns adopted.
Mr. 1'liTKUS moved to reconsider tho vote
by whi cli the report wan adopted ; and also
moved tliat the motion to reconsider be laid
on tbe table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the title
of the bill so us lo read, " to pay a necoud tiiue
the olaiui of Theodore Adams.''
The SPEAKER. It is not iu order to
amend a conference report.
OltDHM O* BU8INB08
The SPHAKRR. The hour of two o'clock
having arrived, the House will proceed to con-
sider tbe bill (H. R. No. 2U:;5) for the better
proteetion of tbe Indian tribes, and their con-
solidation under h civil government, to be
called the Territory of Oklahoma. Before tho
bill is read, however, the Chair will present
several communications, &c., for reference.
Mr. GA UFIELD, of Ohio. Will the Speaker
state the precise order under which the Okla-
homa bill comes up?
The SPEAKER. To the exclusion of all
other orders the Honse set apart the 15th and
16th of January, after the hour of two o'clock
p. m., for the consideration of this bill. Of
course, it does not follow that the House must
give all this time to this subject.
Mr. DONNAN. I wish to give notice that
on Tnesday next at the expiration of the
morning honr, or as soon thereafter as I can
obtain the floor for that purpose, I will ask
the House to reconsider the motion to recom-
mit the report of the Committee on Military
Affairs on the Montana war claims, so as to
bring that Dill before the Honse for action.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
on the 2t* of this month (wbioh is nut Tues-
day) tbe Committee on Commerce will be
entitled to the floor.
Mr. HAND ALL. What advantage does this
notice give the gentleman ?
The SPEAKER. It give* him no advant-
age whatever; but it gives the House a fair
premonition of what it may expect, as a mo-
tion to reconsider is highly privileged.
Mr. DONNAN. As luesday and also
Wednesday appear to be assigned to other
business, I will call up the motion on next
Thursday.
The SPEAKER. On next Thursday the
speciail order, to tbe exclusion of all other
business, is Senate bill No. 472, in relation to
, the consular system.
: Mr. DONNAN. I will fix, then, one week
I from next Tuesday, and I now give notice
; that I will then call np the motion to recon-
I sider the bill in reference to the Montana war
I claims.
N, H MOO KM AND OOMPAHT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, iu reference to the claim
