(UO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
ot N. II. Moore A Co. lor depredations com- !
luittod on hi.-, company by Cheyenne Indians.
The SPEAKER. The letter will be referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to bo
IH'iliU d.
Mr. WELLS. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SARGENT. All these matters belong
to the Committee of Claims, and not to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. There is a misapprehen-
sion on the part of members of the House that
:iii\thing requiring appropriations should go
to the Committee on Appropriations, and that
committee can report at any time. The Chair
w .-hes to state witniu the hearing of the House
tl-at the Committee on Appropriations hive
ro more right to report to the House at any
than any other committee, excepting
general appropriation bills. The evil has
grown to Mich an extent that the Chair must
.titer hi? protrst against sending matters to
the Committee on Appropriations which do
not belong to that committee, but whichdo
belong of right to the Committee of Claims
and other committees, which have_ been spe-
cially-organized for the consideration of just
sach matters.
Mr. SARGENT. And this ought to be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated if there
were no objection it would be referred to the
C mvr.ittee of Claims ; but the geutleman from
Missouri 'noved that it should be referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to make
this remark, which will save gentlemen trouble
in reference to all these matters improperly
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will only add i
that the result of sendiug these matters to the
Committee on Appropriations, to which they ;
do not belong, is that that committee are con-
stantly reporting them back for reference to
the proper committees.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I was about to
make the same fctatemet^, for the purpose of
helping the legislation of the House. I will
state further that the Committee on Appro-
priations have made a rule to refer all papers
pent to them to the proper committees, whether
the Committee of Claims or otherwise, for con-
sideration. The committee will not consider
such matters as they do not belong to them.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Appro-
priations is the last committee of the House
to which anything of that kind should be sent.
The communication will be referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed, if there be no objection.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
WALNUT GROVE MINING COMPANY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in compliance with
the act of May 21*, 1872, in relation to the
claim of the Walnut Grove Mining Company
of Arizona, on account of depredations com-
mitted by Apache Indians; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
IMPROVEMENT OF DELAWARE RIVER.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a resolution of the
city councils of Philadelphia, requesting an
appropriation for the improvement of the river
Delaware by the removal of the obstructions
at the Horseshoe shoals and Fort Mifflin bar,
and the erection of additional light-houses;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move, by unanimous
consent, that resolution be also printed in the
Globe.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The resolution is as follows :
CLKKK'S OKtICt, SKLKcr CorNcii.^
1'iiu. uiei I'm v, January 7. 1S73.
Sir: Tlii? is to certify that the following is a true
and correct copy of the original resolution approved
by his honor the mayor the 4th day ot January A.
D. 1873. entitled " Resolution ot requo.-t to the Sen-
ate and lliui-c of Representatives of the I mted
States to make an appropriation to improve tho
navigation ot the Delaware river, and tor the erec-
tion of additional light-houses
Whereas the navigation of the river Delaware is
durinit the winter season seriously impeded by the
accumulation of ice at the Horseshoe shoals, by
low water on the bar opposite I^ort Mitllin, and the
want of additional light-houses at other points as a
guide for vessels navigating said river; and whereas
the increase in tho commercial and marine interests
of the city of Philadelphia by the establishment ot
new lines of American and foreign steamships re-
quires the removal or modification of the causes of
said obstructions and the erection of additional
light-housas; and whereas tho shipping interests
generally are materially affected by reason of delays
and dangers arising from the causes specified; anu
whereas the authorities of the United States havo
taken cognizance of the matter by ordering asurvey
of said river to ascertain the improvements that are
necessary to better accommodate and encourage the
commerce of the city of Philadelphia, and the re-
ports of the engineers employed ablyset forth the
causes of the obstructions, the remedies necessary,
and the estimated cost of the improvements as they
suggest: Therefore,
liiiuivcil by the Select and Common l-uunvil* of the
city of Phi/n'lclphi'i, That the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States be, and are
hereby, earnestly requested to appropriate a suffi-
cient sum of money to pay for the improvement ot
the navigation of the river Delaware by the removal
of or modification of the obstructions at the Horse-
shoe shoals and Fort Mifflin bar, in accordance with
the report of Colonol Kurtz, L nited States engineers,
and for the erection of additional light-houses, as
set forth in the recommendation of the Secretary ot
the Treasury, Mr. ISoutwell.
LUUIS WAGNER,
Prrmtlent '</ Common Council.
! W. E. LITTLETON,
As istitnt Clerk of Srlert Council.
Attest: JOSEPH H. PAIST,
President of Select Council.
Approved this 28th day of December A. D. 1872.
WILLIAM S.STOKLEY.
Mayor of Pla/atlrfjihiri.
Attest: JOSEPH H. PAIST,
Clerk of Select Council.
Hon. J. Q. Blaine.
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
TAKING CENSUS OF 1860. |
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
acting Secretary of the Interior, relating to
the claims of citizens of Slates lately in rebel- !
lion for services in taking the United States
census of I860; which was referred to the i
Committee of Claims,and ordered to be printed.
TOLEDO HARBOR, OHIO.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
I sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the improve-
ments of the harbor at Toledo, Ohio; which
I was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
!| FOKT GRIFFIN, TEXAS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
' sent, laid before the House a letter of the
Secretary of War, in relation to an appropri-
ation for rebuilding Fort Griffin, Texas ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
! COLLECTOR AT ANNAPOLIS, MARYLAND.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
' sent, laid before the House a letter from the
1 acting Secretary of the Treasury, inclosing a
bill for the relief of the collector of customs
for the district of Annapolis; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
GOVERNMENT PROPERTY IN THE DISTRICT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Gov-
ernor of the District of Columbia, transmit-
ted iu compliance with the act of February 21,
1871, directing the Secretary of the Interior
to make a valuation of the real estate iu the
District of Columbia belonging to the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia, and ordered to
be printed.
TETON SIOUX.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before tho House a letter from the Sec
retary of the Interior, in answer to a resolution
ot the House of the tith of January, 1K7.T. ask-
ing for information in regard to the condition,
location, <fcc., ot the Teton Sioux ; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
NEW DEPARTMENTAL BUILDINGS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec
retary of State, in reference to appropriation.,
for carrying on the work iu the new buildings
for the War, State, and Navy Departments ;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
DISBURSING AGENTS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in relation to the
bill authorizing deputy collectors and other
officers of the customs to act as disbursing
agents in certain cases ; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
PROPERTY OK THE UNITED STATES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
architect of the Capitol extension, transmit-
ting, iu compliance with the act ol July 15,
1870, an inventory of the property belonging
to the United States in and about the Capitol,
President's House, and Botanical Gardens ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
RECEIPTS OF THE UNITED STATES, ETC.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
acting Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting
an account of the receipts and expenditures
, of the United States for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1870; which was referred to the Com
mittee of Ways and Means ; and ordered to be
printed.
CHOCTAW CLAIM.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the answer of P. P. Pitchlynn, Choc-
taw delegate, to the communication of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury relative to the Choctaw
net proceeds claim ; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
he printed.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, obtained
! leave of absence for three days.
| JOHN DAVIS.
On motion of Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from
the files of the House the papers in the case
of John Davis, asking for a pension.
MICHAEL SHIELDS.
On motion of Mr. HILL, by unanimous con-
sent, leave was given to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the case of
Michael Shields, asking for a pension.
ROWLAND A. COLBY.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the case of
Rowland A. Colby.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that th«
committee had examined and found truly
enrolled bills of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 2866) to fix the com-
