274
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
hundred and fifty-six dollars; in all, nine thou-
sand seven hundred and sixty dollars.
To provide a steam-heating apparatus for
the main and family building; plumbing, and
painting brick walls of said building; introduc-
ing water and erecting a water-tank forty feet
high, and means to force water into it, as a
reservoir in ease of fire; erecting an appa-
ratus to manufacture gas for the use of the
buildings ; grading down the old Fort Lincoln,
(the site selected for the school;) making a
road in front of and around the buildings, and
setting out ornamental trees, fifteen thousand
dollars.
state department.
For expenses of the commission appointed
underact approved March nineteenth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, for the purpose of
surveying and making the. boundary between
the territory of the United States and the pos-
sessions of Great Britain, from the Lake of
the Woods to the summit of the Rocky mount-
ains, one hundred and twenty-five thousand
dollars; and this amount shall be available
from the passage of this act.
Any unexpended balance of the appropria-
tions made by the act approved December
twenty-first, eighteen hundred and seventy-
one, for the expenses that may be incurred
under articles one to nine of the treaty with
Great Britain, concluded May eighth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, or so much thereof
as may be necessary, may be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of State, with the
approval of the President of the United States,
to enable the President to fulfill the stipula-
tions contained iu the twentieth, twenty-second,
twenty-third, twenty-fourth, and twenty-fifth
articles of the said treaty in relation tothe
creation of commissioners, and proceedings
before the same, and to the appointment of
agents.
For a lithographic press and necessary ma-
terials, not to exceed one thousand dollars,
and for a lithographic pressman and laborers,
not to exceed two thousand dollars; in all,
three thousand dollars.
That the compensation of Henry Douglass,
employed under the Doorkeeper of the House,
be fixed at two dollars and fifty cents per
diem, and a sum sufficient to pay the same
until the next fiscal year is hereby appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
To enable the President of the United States
to perfect and put in force such rules regulat-
ing the civil service as may from time to time
be adopted by him, there is hereby reappro-
priated any balance of the appropriation for
the same object, for the current fiscal year
remaining unexpened at the close of said fiscal
year.
That section one of an act entitled "An act
to extend the laws of the United States relat-
ing to customs, commerce, and navigation over
the Territory ceded to the United^ States by
Russia, to establish a collection-district therein,
and for other purposes," approved July twen-
ty-seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
be so amended as to read as follows: "that
the laws of the United States relating to cus-
toms, commerce, and navigation, and sections
twenty and twenty-one of an act to regulate
trade and intercourse with Indian tribes and
to preserve peace on the frontiers, approved
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and thirty-
four, be, and the same are hereby, extended
to and over all the mainland, islands, and
■waters of the territory ceded to the United
States by the Emperor of Russia,_ by treaty
concluded at Washington on the thirtieth day
of March, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, so far as the same may be appli-
cable thereto.
Apitioved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXXVIII.—An Act making Appro-
priations to supply Deficiencies in the Ap-
propriations for the service of the Govern-
mentfor the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-three, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senateand Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and they are hereby, appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the servipe of the Governmetit for
the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-three, and for former
years, and for other purposes, namely:
. senate.
For clerks to committees, pages, and so
forth, for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, eight hun-
dred and sixty-four dollars; for compensation
and mileage, seven thousand dollars; for fold-
ing documents and materials, four thousand
five hundred dollars, and for furniture and
repairs, six thousaud dollars; in all, seven-
teen thousand five hundred dollars.
department os* state.
For publishing the laws of the second ses-
sion, Forty-Second Congress, for the fiscal year
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, twenty-
four thousand and fifty-six dollars.
For additional compensation to the consuls
of the United States at Havre and La JJochelle,
for extraordinary services during the late war
in Europe, to be paid from the unexpended bal-
ance remaining to the credit of the appropria-
tion for diplomatic and consular war expenses
in London, Paris, Berlin, and Madrid, such
sums as the Secretary of State may allow,with
the approval of the President, not exceeding
fifteen hundred dollars.
.For stationery, book-cases, seals, arms of
the United States presses, flags, rent, freight,
postage, and miscellaneous expenses, for the
fiscal years eighteen hundred and seventy-two
and eighteen hundred and seventy-three, sixty-
five thousand dollars.
To pay the disbursing clerk of the Depart-
ment of State additional compensation for dis-
bursing moneys appropriated for the building
now being erected for the use of the War,
Siate, and Navy Departments, five hundred
dollars per annum from the commencement
of such duties until the thirtieth of June, eigh-
teen hundred and seventy-four, a sufficient
sum is hereby appropriated.
For expenses of the mixed commission on
American and British claims, including sal-
aries of the commissioner and agent, and ex-
penses Of the defense of the United States
against claims presented before said commis-
sion, for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-four, twenty-six
thousand one hundred and sixty-six dollars, to
be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of State.
treasury department.
. For furniture, carpets, desks, tables, chairs,
shelving for file-rooms, boxes, repairs of fur-
niture, cases, oil-cloths, matting, rugs,_ chair
covers, and cushions, repairs and laying ol
carpets, and other miscellaneous expenses,
for the fiscal year eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-three, ten thousand dollars.
Mint, Branches, and Assay Offices.
Branch mint at Carson City, Nevada :
For salary of coiner for fiscal year eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters tor hscal
yeais eighteen hundred and seventy-two and
eighteen hundred and seventy-three, sixteen
thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses for fiscal years
eighteen hundred and seventy-two and eighteen
hundred and seventy-three, forty-four thou-
sand dollars.
Branch mint, Charlotte, North Carolina :
For repairs, fixtures, apparatus, and chem-
icals, for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy, five hundred
and six dollars and forty-two cents.
Mint at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania:
For wages of workmen for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, six thousand two hundred and
seventy-seven dollars and seventy-four cents.
For the amount required to make good to
the treasurer of the mint a loss in the redemp-
tion of forty-four million seven hundred and
forty-seven thousand six* hundred and five
pieces of base coin, amounting to seven hun-
dred and ninety-four thousand five hundred
and fifty-seven dollars and eight cents, for the
fiscal years ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-one, and June thirtieth,
eigteen hundred and seventy-two, four thou-
sand four hundred and eighty-one dollars and
seventy-eight cents.
Assay Office at New York :
For wages of workmen for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-three, four thousand five hundred
dollars.
For salary of deputy treasurer for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and seventy-two, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses for
the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-three, thirteen thousand
dollars.
Assay ofiice at Boise City, Idaho :
For amount due on construction of the
assay-office for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-two,
one hundred and thirty-two dollars and thirty-
seven cents.
Internal Revenue.
For compensation and actual necessary
traveling expenses of internal-revenue gaugers,
for the fiscal year ending June- thirtieth, eigh-
teen hundred and seventy-three, nine hundred
thousand dollars.
For compensation of internal-revenue store-
keepers, for the fiscal year euding June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-three, six
hundred thousand dollars.
Coast Survey.
For survey of the Atlantic and Gulf coasts,
for the fiscal years ending June thirtieth eigh-
teen hundred and seventy-two and eighteen
hundred and seventy-three, sixty-one dollars
and twenty-six cents.
For the survey of western coast, for the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-two, one thousand seven
hundred and two dollars and eighty-three
cents.
For extending the triangulation of the coast
survey to form a geodetic connection between
the Atlantic and Pacific coasts, for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred-
and seventy-two, sixty-four dollars and sixty-
six cents.
For pay and rations of engineers employed
in the coast survey, for thfe fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
three, five thousand dollars.
Light-House Establishment.
To pay seventy-seven keepers of light-
houses, for the fiscal year ending June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-three,
forty six thousand two hundred dollars.
To replace buoys already lost, and to meet
