1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
pensation of gaugers and measurers at the
port of Boston ; and
An act (H. R. No. 2893) for the relief of
Mary Love.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to introduce a bill
for reference to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman know
any reason why the bill will not keep until
Monday?
Mr. DAWES. I can state a very good
reason.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is very anxious
to confine the reference of bills to Monday;
and for two or three reasons : one is to pre-
vent the interruption of the business of the
House; and. the other is a more important
reason. It ofleu becomes a matter of interest
to hunt up the history of a bill on the Journal,
and if the introduction of bills is confined to
Monday, it becomes much more easy to trace
a bill from the time of its introduction. Of
course the introduction of bills on other days
does not cause more inconvenience to the
Chair than it does to the House.
DIFFBRKNTIAL DUTIES.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill t H. R. No. 3601) for the relief of
certain merchandise from differential duties
when imported in French vessels from, coun-
tries other than France; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
NATHANIBL A. ARMSTRONG.
On motion of Mr. PLATT, by unanimous
conseut, leave was given to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the case of
Nathaniel A. Armstrong.
DISBVRSBMBNTS BY ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, re- :
ported back from the Committee oa Military
Affairs the bill (H. R. No. 8806) to provide for
the inspection of the disbursement of appro-
priations made by officers of the Army; which
was ordered to be printed, and recommitted
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UN1TKD STATES STBAHBtt SCROTA
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H'. R. No. 3502) for the re-
lief of the officers and crew of the United
States steamer Sciota; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed. ;
MK88AGK FROM TH* SBNATK. :
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp&on,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed, with amendments, in which
the concarrence of the House was requested,
bills of the House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 1841) author using the re-
moval of restrictions upon the alienation of ;
certain Miami Indian lands in the State of !
Kansas; and j
A bill (H. R. No. 2340) to chaage the name '
of the pleasure yacht Ellie, of Boston, Massa- I
chnsetts. !
The message also informed the House that
the Senate had passed bills of the following
titlts ; in which the concurrence of the House
ins requested:
A bill (8. No. 1J68) for the relief of Alex-
ander Henderson;
A bill (8. No. 1367) for the relief of John
Thompson Mason; and
A bill (8. No. 693) to provide for the further
endowment sod support of colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,
and the liberal and practical education of the
industrial classes in the several pursuits and
professions in life, as established under an act
of Congress approved July 2, 1862.
kn rolled bill signkd.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title ; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 2046) for the relief of
Theodore Adams.
TERRITORY OF OKLAHOMA.
The House then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the special order, being the bill (H.
R. No. 2636) for the better protection of the
Indian tribes, and their consolidation under a
civil government, to be called the Territory
of Oklahoma.
The bill was read. The first section creates
and establishes within the Indian territory,
bounded as follows, to wit, on the north by the
State of Kansas; on the west by the eastern
boundary of the Territory of New Mexico and
the State of Texas ; on the south by the north-
ern boundary of the State of Texas: and on
the east by the western boundaries of the States
of Arkansas and Missouri, a temporary gov-
ernment, by the name of the Territory of
Oklahoma.
The second section provides that the execu-
tive authority in and over the Territory shall
be vested in a Governor, who shall be ap-
pointed by tbc President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, and whose salary shall be $3,000 per
annum; that the Governor shall reside in said
Territory, and shall be commander-in-chief of
the militia, and shall hold his office tor four
years, and until bis successor shall be appoint-
ed and qualified ; thai he may grant pardons
and respites for offenses against the laws of
the Territory, and also reprieve for offenses
against the laws of the United States until the
decision of the President of the United States
can be made known thereon; that he shall
commission all officers who shall be appointed
to office under the laws of the Territory, and
shall take care that the laws be faithfully ex-
ecuted, and that in case of his absence from
any cause, the duties devolved upon him shall
be performed by the secretary of the Territory.
The third section provides that there shall
be a secretary of the Territory appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, who shall reside therein,
and hold his office for four years, and until his
successor shall be appointed and qualified ;
that be shall record and preserve all laws and
proceedings of the council and house of rep
resentatives constituted by tbis bill, and all
the acts and proceedings of the Governor itt
his executive department; that he shall trans
mit one copy of the laws and journals of the
Legislative Assembly within ninety days after
the end of each session, and otie copy of the
executive proceedingsand official correspond-
ence semi-annually, on the 1st day of January
and July in each year, to the President of the
United States, and two copies of the laws to
the President of the Senate and to the Speaker
of the House of Representatives; for the use of
Congress, and one copy to each Indian tribe
located in the Territory; and that with the
first publication of the laws of the Territory
shall be embodied the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, the organic acts of the Territory,
tund all existing treaty stipulations between (lie
United States and the several Indian tribes
within the territorial limits.
The fourth section vests the legislative power
and authority of the Territory in the Governor
and a Legislative Assembly, and provides that
the Legislative Assembly shall consist of a
council and house of representatives ; that the
council shall consist of thirteen members hav-
ing the qualifications of voters, as hereinafter
prescribed, whose terra of office shall continue
two years; that the house of representatives
shall, at its first session, consist of twenty-six
members, possessing the same qualifications
as prescribed for the members of the council,
whose term of service shall continue one year ;
that the number of representatives may be
increased by the Legislative Assembly, from
time to time, in proportion to the increase of
qualified voters, not to exceed thirty-six, himI
the council, in like manner, to eighteen ; that,
an apportionment shall be made, as nearly
equal as practicable, among the several tribes,
nations, or districts for the election of the
council and representatives, giving to each
section of the Territory representation in both
bouses Of the Legislative Assembly, in the
ratio of its qualified voters as nearly as may
be ; and that the members of the council and
of the house of representatives shall reside in,
and be inhabitants of, the district or county or
counties for which they may be elected respect-
ively. It further provides that the first elec-
tion shall beheld at such time and places, and
be conducted in such manner, both as to the
persons who shall superintend such election
and the returns thereof, as the Governor shall
appoint and direct; and he shall at the same
time declare the number of members of the
council and house of representatives to which
each of the tribes, nations, or districts shall
be entitled under this act; that the persons
having the highest number of legal votes in
each of the council districts for members of
the council shall be declared by the Governor
to be duly elected to the council; and the per-
sons having the highest number of legal votes
for the house of representatives shall be
declared by the Governor to be duly elected
members of said house; provided that in case
two or more persons voted for shall have an
equal number of votes, or in case a vacancy
shall otherwise occur in either branch of the
Legislative Assembly, the Governor shall order
a new election. The persons thus elected to
the Legislative Assembly are to meet at such
place and on such day as the Governor shall
appoint; but thereafter the time, place, anil
manner of holding and conducting all elec
tions, and the apportioning the representation
among the several tribes, nations, or districts
to the council and house of representatives,
according to the number of qualified voters,
shall be prescribed by law, as well as the day
of the commencement of the regular sessions
of the Legislative Assembly, provided that no
session in any one year shall exceed the term
of sixty days, except the first session, which
may continue ninety days.
Section five provides that every male Indian
of the age of twenty-one years and upward
who is a member of one of the tribes of the
Territory of Oklahoma which have adopted
the customs of civilised life, and all citizens
of the United States, of the age of twenty-
one years and upward, who shall have law-
fully resided in the Territory one year prior to
the passage of tbis act, may vote, at the first
election under the act, for all officers to be
elected by the people, and that the qualifica-
tions of voters, and the time, place, and man-
ner of voting at all subsequent elections shall
be prescribed by the Legislative Assembly of
the Territory; provided that no person shall
be deprived of the right to vote or hold office
in the Territory on account of race or color
or previous condition of servitude.
By the sixth section it is provided that the
legislative power of the Territory shall extend
to all rightful subjects of legislation consistent
with the Constitution of the United States and
the provisions of the act; but no. law shall be
passed interfering with the primary disposal
of the soil) no tax shall be imposed upou
the property of the United States, nor shall
the lands or other property of non-residents
be taxed higher than the lands or other prop-
erty of residents; and the Legislative Assem-
bly shall not have power to create private
