1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1575
quorum for all business, and they may adjourn
to anyplace deemed by them more convenient.
The Secretary of the Interior shall be author-
ized to detail a stenographer for the service
of the commission. In order to the prompt
and easy carrying into effect of their final
award, the commission shall proceed to de-
mand and take possession of all the lands,
bondsj notes, accounts, choses in action, con-
tracts, mortgages, records, and other property
or assets held or acquired under said trust;
and in case of the refusal of any person or
persons to give possession of and deliver such
lands, bonds, notes, accounts, choses in ac-
tion, contracts, mortgages, records, and other
property or assets, shall bring suit or suits in
behalf of the parties in interest, in the name
of the United States, as plaintiff, for the same,
in the United States circuit court for the eighth
judicial circuit, which court shall have power
to appoint a receiver; and it shall be the
duty of the Attorney General to prosecute the
suit or suits to final judgment. The commis-
sion shall, nevertheless, proceed to inquire,
investigate, determine, and award as if in
actual possession of the property ; and the
commission shall determine and adjudge the
various claims according to what they shall
deem the rights and equities of the case. After
meeting the necessary expenses of this adjudi-
cation, as hereinafter provided, any lands or
other property, interest, or equities, which may
be awarded to the Indians, shall be sold, paid,
or delivered for their benefit, as the commis-
sion may direct; and any equities, which may
be awarded to the trustees and to the Home
Mission Society shall be paid or delivered as
the commission may direct. Patents of lands
may be issued by the Secretary of the Interior,
and he shall be authorized and empowered to
do any other act necessary, in his judgment,
to carry into effect the awards of this com-
mission , on notice to him by the commissioners
of their final award. Lands so patented shall
be liable to taxation, under the laws of Kansas,
3,fter five years from the passing of the act, or
sooner, if sold by the parties to whom they
were patented under the award ; provided that
the section on which the Ottawa University
stands, or any part of it, which may remain as
the site of an institution of learning, shall
remain free from taxation or until the Legisla-
ture of Kansas shall otherwise order. The
said commissioners shall be required to make
an award in writing, which, within thirty days
after the case is finally submitted, shall be filed
in the office of the Secretary of the Interior;
and a copy thereof shall be delivered by the
Secretary of the Interior to each of said par-
ties when the same is so filed, and the concur-
rence of a majority of said commissioners in
such award shall be necessary. The commis-
sioners shall also fix the amount of fees or
compensation to be paid to the counsel of the
Indians for services already rendered before
the passing of the act, and which may be ren-
dered hereafter in the premises, together with
their expenses, which compensation and ex-
penses shallbe paid out of the funds, property,
and assets awarded to the Indians; and they
shall also audit the costs of proceedings before
this commission; which, with the compensa-
tion of the commissioners, to be fixed by the
Secretary of the Interior, and their expenses,
together with the compensation and the
expenses of the commission appointed under
the act of June 10, 1872, to be presented by
the Secretary of the Interior, shall be paid
out, of the property as a whole, and in propor-
tion to the several interests as adjudged.
The third section provides that any vacancy
occurring in this commission shall be filled by
the President of the United States.
The fourth section provides that any person
or party interested in the awards to be made
under the act shall have the right to institute
suit or suits at law, or in chancery, before the
circuit court of the United States within the
State of Kansas, to carry into effect and en-
force any decision made by the commissioners
appointed under the act; and for this purpose
jurisdiction is given to the court in all cases
thus arising; and from the orders, decrees, and
judgments of the court in such cases appeals
may be taken as in other cases.
The fifth section provides that if, at any time
before the rendering of a decision by the com-
mission, the parties to the questions in con-
troversy shall agree upon a settlement, and
the settlement shall be approved by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, then the Secretary of
the Interior is authorized and empowered to
issue patents of lands, and to do any other act
necessary, in his judgment, to carry such set-
tlement into effect, as if it were an award of
the commission, and each and all of the par-
ties shall have the right to enforce the terms
of the settlement by suit or suits in law or
in chancery, as provided for in section four
of the act.
The sixth section provides that upon the
carrying into effect of the award or settlement,
the jurisdiction of the United States over the
questions and property named, and the trust
relating thereto, created by the treaties, shall
cease and determine.
The seventh section shall provide that the
act shall be in force from and after its passage.
Mr. BURDETT. This is the unanimous
report of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BURDETT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HENRY E. JANES.
Mr. McGREW. I move by unanimous con-
sent to take from the Speaker's table a bill
(S. No. 1442) for the relief of Henry E.Janes.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to Henry E.
Janes, late a private in company B third regi-
ment Virginia volunteers, afterward, by con-
solidation of parts of regiments, a private in
company B sixth regiment West Virginia cav-
alry, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, $296, being the
amount of back pay and original bounty with-
held from him at the time of his discharge,
together with the additional bounty of $100,
provided by the act of July 28, 1866, which
additional bounty has never been paid to him.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. McGREW moved to reconsidet the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT PARKERSBUKG.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous
consent, the House took from the Speaker's
table a bill (S. No. 363) to provide for a build-
ing suitable for a post office, for the accommo-
dation of the revenue officers, and the United
States courts and their officers, in the city of
Parkersburg, West Virginia ; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to cause
to be constructed a suitable brick building,
with a fire proof brick vault extending to each
story, in the city of Parkersburg, West Vir-
ginia, for a post office, and for the accommo-
dation of United States revenue officers, and
the United States courts and their officers;
and the sum of $150,000 is appropriated for
the purpose out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated; and the Secre-
tary shall cause proper plans and estimates to
so that no expenditures shall be
or authorized for the full completion
be made.
made  
of the building beyond the sum appropriated;
provided that no money appropriated shall be
used or expended until the valid title to the
land for a site, independent and unexposed to
danger from fire in adjacent buildings, shall
be vested in the United States, nor until the
State of West Virginia shall cede its jurisdic-
tion over the same, and also duly release and
relinquish to the United States the right to
tax or in any way assess the site, or the prop-
erty of the United States that may be thereon,
during the time that the United -States shall
be or remain the owner thereof.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. DAVIS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURT, MISSOURI.
On motion of Mr. FINKELNBURG, by
unanimous consent, the House took from the
Speaker's table the amendments of the Sen-
ate to a bill (H. R. No. 3021) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for holding a cir-
cuit court of the United States in the western
district of Missouri," approved June 8, 1872.
The Clerk read the amendments of the Sen-
ate, as follows:
^ Page Aline four, after the word "therein," insert
and commenced prior to the creation of said new
court."
Page 3, at the end of line fourteen, insert th e words
" except as hereinbefore provided."
After the word "November," on page 3, line four,
insert the words "in lieu of those now fixed by
law."
On page 4 strike out all after the word "chambers"
in line sixteen to the end of line nineteen.
Strike out section six, as follows:
Sec. 6. That, pursuant to an order to that effect
entered of record in term time, one of the said terms
of the said circuit court in and for the western dis-
trict of Missouri may beheld regularly, or by ad-
journment, each year, at Kansas City or St. Josoph,
if, in the opinion of the court or judges thereof, the
public convenience will be thereby promoted: Pro-
vided, however, That the expense to the United
States for rooms shall not exceed the sum of $300 per
year.
So the bill will read as follows :
That the circuit court of the United States in and
for the eastern district of Missouri, which was
created by the act of which this act is amendatory,
is hereby vested with full and complete jurisdiction
to hear, determine, and dispose of, according to the
usual course of judicial proceedings, all suits,
causes, motions, and other matters which wore
pending in the late circuit court of the United
States in and for the districts of Missouri at the
time the act of which this act is amendatory took
effect, and also all other matters which have since
arisen that pertain to said suits or causes, and also
to make all orders and issue of all processes which
said last-named court might have done if it had not
ceased to exist; and said circuit court in and for
said eastern district of Missouri is hereby vested
with jurisdiction and authority to do all and singular
that may in the due course of judicial proceedings
pertain to any of said suits, causes, or unfinished
business, as fully as the said circuit court in and for
the districts of Missouri might have done if said act
had never been passed.
Sec. 2. That the service of process, mesne or final,
issued out of said circuit court of the United States
in and for the districts of Missouri, which service
was had after theact of which this act is amendatory
took effect, and all levies, seizures, and sales made
thereunder, also all service, seizures, levies, and
sales made under any process which issued'as out
of said court after the said act took effect, are hereby
made valid, and all said processes arc to be deemed
returnable to said circuit court of the United States
in and for the eastern district of Missouri as of the
return-day thereof.
Sec. 3. That either of said United States circuit
courts in and for the eastern and in and for the
western districts of Missouri may order any suit,
cause, or other matter pending therein, and com-
menced prior to the creation of said new court, to be
transferred for trial or determination to the other
of said circuit courts when, in the opinion of the
court, said transfer ought to be made; and the court
to which said transfer is made shall have as full
authority and jurisdiction over the same from the
dato the certified transcript of the record thereof is
filed as if the same had been originally pending
therein.
Sec. 4. That the clerk of said circuit court in and
for the eastern district of Missouri, and his success-
ors in oifice, shall have the custody of all records,
books, papers and property belonging or in any wise
