1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Laivs of the United Slates.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
emergencies that may arise, for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-three, one hundred and ten thousand
dollars.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENTS.
Territory of Arizona.
For balance due Isham Reavis, lale asso-
ciate judge, on account of his salary from April
first to June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy, as per certificate of First Comptrol-
ler, for fiscal year ending June thirtieth eigh-
teen hundred and seventy-two, four hundred
and sixty nine dollars and seventy-eight, cents.
For legislative^ expenses for the year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
three, three thousand and fifty four dollars.
Territory of Colorado.
For amount due to Edward MoCook, Gov-
ernor, on account of his salary from April
first to June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy, as per certificate of the First Comp-
troller, for the fiscal year ending June thir
tieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-two, one
hundred and ninety-seven dollars and fifty-
two cents.
For amount required to pay printing ex-
penses for the ninth session of the Legis-
lature convened January first, eighteen hundred
and seventy-two, two thousand seven hundred
and forty dollars and sixty-four cents
Territory of Montana.
For amount due First- National Bank of
Washington, District of Columbia, assignee
of John P. Bruce, for printing, third session
Legislative Assembly, for fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
one, one hundred and twenty-two dollars and
fifty cents
Territory of New Mexico.
For per diem and mileage of members and
officers of the Legislative Assembly convened
December fourth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, nine hundred and fifty-nine dol-
lars and eighty-five cents.
For rent of office, fuel, lights for secretary's
office, for fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-three, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
Territory of Utah.
For current and contingent expenses of the
Territory, for the fiscal year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-three,
two thousand five hundred dollars.
To pay the just expenses and emoluments
of the marshal of the United Slates (or the
Territory of Utah incurred and earned in the
service of process and performing other official
duties pursuant to the decision of the supreme
court of said Territory that it was the duty of
said marshal to serve all process ofsaid su-
preme and the district courts of said Territory,
twenty thousand dollars, or so much thereof as
may be necessary: Provided, That the ac-
counts of said marshal shall be settled by llie
same officers and upon the same principles
required by law in respcct to his accounts as
marshal of said courts when exercising juris-
diction as circuit and district courts of the
United States.
Territory of Washington.
For amount due Elisha P. Ferry, Governor,
for salary from June fifth to June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, as per ad-
justment of account by First Comptroller, for
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and severity-two, two hundred and four-
teen dollars and twenty eight cents.
Forcoutingentexpensesof secretary's office,
for the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-three, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
TREASURY—MISCEM.ANEOOS.
To pay the commissions allowed by law and
now due to collectors of customs acting as
superintendents of lights, sixty thousand dol-
lars.
For a new boiler and to complete the steam-
heating apparatus of the Treasury Department
building, nine thousand dollars.
For completion of the building for the cus-
tom-house at Saint Paul, Minnesota, thirty-
four thousand nine hundred and forty-three
dollars and fifty cents.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
settle the accounts of disbursing officers and
agents for expenditures of the EVeedmen's
Bureau already made under orders of superior
officers, which will not involve any actual ex-
penditure, a transfer on the books of the
Treasury of seventy-five thousand dollars is
hereby authorized.
For compensation to designated depositaries
under the fourth section of the act of August
sixth, eighteen hundred and forty-six, for the
collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and disburse-
ment of the public revenue, ten thousand dol-
lars, for the fiscal years ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two and eigh-
teen hundred and seventy-three.
WAll DEPARTMENT.
Office of the Quartermaster General.
Contingent:
For stationery, office-furniture, repairs, and
so forth, for the fiscal year eighteen hundred
and seventy-three, two thousand dollars.
Military Establishment.
Quartermaster's department:
Regular supplies: for stoves for heating and
cooking, fuel for officers, enlisted men, guards,
hospitals, storehouses, and offices, forage for
the horses, mules, and oxen of the quarter-
master's department at the several posts and
stations, and with the armies in the field, and
for horses of the several regiments of cavalry
and batteries of artillery and such companies
of infantry and scouts as may be mounted, and
for the authorized number of officers' horses,
including bedding for the animals, straw for
soldiers' bedding, stationery, including blank
books for the quartermaster's department, cer-
tificates of discharged soldiers, blank forms for
the pay and quartermaster's departments, and
for the printing of division and department
orders and reports, each item being for the
service of the fiscal year eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, three hundred and ten thousand
dollars.
For stoves for heating and cooking, fuel for
officers, enlisted men, guards, hospitals, store-
houses, and offices, for fiscal year eighteen
hundred and seventy-three; forage for the
horses, mules and oxen of the quartermaster's
department at the several posts and stations,
and with the, armies in the field, and for the
horses of the several regiments of cavalry and
batteries of artillery, such companies of in-
fantry and scouts as may be mounted, and for
the authorized number of officers' horses,
including bedding for the animals, straw for
soldiers' bedding, stationery, including blank
books for the quartermaster's department, cer-
tificates of discharged soldiers, blank forms
for the pay and quartermaster's departments,
and for the printing of division and depart-
ment orders and reports, each item being for
the fiscal year eighteen hundred and seventy-
three, five hundred and ninety thousand
dollars.
For incidental expenses, consisting of post-
age and telegrams or dispatches received and
sent on public business, extra pay to soldiers
employed under the direction of the quarter-
master's department in the erection of_ bar-
racks, quarters, storehouses, and hospitals;
in the construction of roads and other con-
stant labor, for periods not less than ten days,
including those employed as clerks at division
and department headquarters, and hospital
stewards on clerical duty; expenses of ex-
presses to and from the frontier posts and
armies in the field ; of escorts to paymasters
and other disbursing officers and to trains,
where military escorts cannot be furnished,
expenses of the interment of officers killed in
action, or who die when 011 duty in the field
or at posts on the frontier or other places,
when ordered by the Secretary of War, and of
noncommissioned officers and soldiers; au-
thorized office furniture ; hire of labor in the
quartermaster's department including the hire
of interpreters, spies, and guides for the Army;
compensation of clerks for officers of the quar-
termaster's department; compensation of for-
age and wagon masters; for the apprehension,
securing, and delivering of deserters, and the
expenses incident to their pursuit; and for
the following expenditures, required for the
several regiments of cavalry, the batteries of
light artillery, and such companies of infantry
and scouts as may be mounted, viz: the pur-
chase of traveling forges, blacksmiths' and
shoeing tools, horse and mule shoes and nails,
iron and steel for shoeing ; hife of veterinary
surgeons; medicines for horses and inules;
picket-ropes; and for shoeing the horses of
the corps named; also, generally, the proper
and authorized expenses for the movement,and
operations of the Army not expressly assigned
to any other department, for fiscal year eigh-
teen hundred and seventy-two, two hundred
thousand dollars.
For incidental expenses, as above set, forth,
for fiscal year eighteen hundred and seventy-
three, one hundred thousand dollars.
Army transportation :
For transportation of the Army, including
the baggage of the troops, when moving either
by land or water ; of clothing, camp, and gar-
rison equipage, from the depots at, Philadel-
phia and Joff'orsonviUe to the several posts and
Army depots, and from these depots to the
troops in the field; of horse equipments and
of subsistence stores from the places of pur-
chase and from the places of delivery, under
contract, to such places as the circumstances
of the service may require them to be sent;
of ordnance, ordnance stores, and small arms,
from the founderies and armories to the ar-
senals, fortifications, frontier posts, and Army
depots ; freights,wharfage, tolls, and ferriages ;
the purchase and hire of horses, inules, oxen,
and harness, and the purchase and repair of
wagons, carts, and drays, anil of ships and
other sea-going vessels, and of boats required
for the transportation of supplies and for gar-
rison purposes ; for drayuge and cartage at the
several posts; hire of teamsters ; transporta-
tion of funds for the pay and other disbursing
departments; the expense of sailing public
transports on the vanous rivers, the Gulf of
Mexico, the Atlantic, and the Pacific ; for pro-
curing water at such posts as from their situa-
tion require that it be brought, from a distance ;
and for cleaning roads, and for removing ob-
structions from roads, harbors, and rivers, to
the extenjjwh.ich may be required for the actual
operations of troops in thelield, for fiscal year
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, six hundred
thousand dollars.
For transportation of the Army, including
the items as above set foitli, lor fiscal year
eighteen hundred and seventy-three, five hun-
dred thousand dollars.
Barracks and quarters:
For rent or hire of quarters for troops, and
for officers on military duty ; ol" store houses
for safe keeping of military stores ; of offices ;
of grounds for camps and cantonments, and
for temporary frontier stations; for construc-
tion and repair of temporary huta, of stables
