til 2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January In,
c rporatioiis In <pecial uc is, or to confer upon
s... a • .a. >i   special rights, privileges, or
,v;i - - . i" -..v !i bui it shall he lawful
• - - .v . A"c:r.'' n ;•> einwig, ner.il iaws uuder
  v„, on .j.ui, i.'rrns, hid of itie cituens
.ii vompnai.ee with Uieir requirement;*,
o .ie Wieiuselvts into such corporations
•.: :iv: ong. manuraoturing, and other industrial
f „r-..us. or tor the establishment of religious,
11 nt \ lieut, charrabie, or literary societies.
Kverv ;i.l, wiiun .-hall have passed the couu-
c.i and uoase ot representatives of the ferri
lory shaii, befoi e it becomes a law, be pre-
setted to the Governor of the Territory ; if
he approves he shall sign it ; but if not, he
sha.'. ie:uru tl, with his objections, to the house
ui wii.eh ir originated, which house shall enter
th. directions at large upou its journal, und
proceed to reconsider it ; if, after such recon-
iitieratiou. two thirds of ttiat house shall agree
to pas^ the bill, tt shall be sent, together with
'5r i ;>j-c:iuns. to tile other house, by which it
tLa., .isewise ue reconsidered, and it approved
by two th.rds of thai house, it shall become a
,-iw : but in all such cases the votes of both
houses suaii be determined by yeas and nays,
to oe entered on the journal of each house
res; ec;.veiy. If auy bill shall not be returned
\y tae Governor withiu three days (Sundays
excepted > after it shall have been presented to
h.m. the same shall be a law in hketnauner as
if had signed it, unless the Assembly by
hi.: lurnmerit prevent its return, in which case
u <ial: no: b- a Is*.
Section seven provides thatall local. district,
ana county officers, not herein otherwise pro-
vided for. shall be appointed or eiectt 1, as the
case may be. in such manner as shall be pro-
vided by the Governor and Legislative Assem-
b.j of tae Territory of Oklahoma, and that
tne Governor snail nominate, and. by and with
tee advice and consent of the legislative coun-
cs'. appoint all officers not herein otherwise
{ r iviiifd lor ; and in the first instance the
G ivern ir alone may appoint all such officers,
wsj'i -nu I hold their offices until trie end of the
ti.'st session of the Legislative Assembly.
>ecion eiiiht vesU the judicial power of
said i errttory in a supreme court and district
co ,rt-. and provider that the supreme court
thai! consist ot a chiet justice and two asso-
ciate j iiiices. to be appointed by the Presi-
u«rit, b\ and wirh the advice ana consent of
tiie ^imre. any two of whom shall constitute
a q loru'n, and who shall h >ld a term at the
seat ut government of «&id Territory annually ;
and trial they  hall hold thetr offices during
t.'ur \>1urs. un.i--< Kmner removed by the Fres
lJent: tljat tue I erritorv shall be divided by
law Hitu ttiree judic.al districts, and a Uistrict
court ihal. h-- hei'l in each of the districts by
o:if of tne justices <>\ said supreme court, at
such times and places as may be prescribed
by law : and that the judges shall, after their
appointments, respective!), reside in said Ter-
ritory. Each district court, or t he judge there-
or, ,hall appoint its clerk and interpreters,
and the clerk ghail al.so be the register in
chancery, and shall keep his office at the place
where the court may he held. Writs of error,
tills ot except.otn, and appeals shall be al-
lowed in all ca-.es from the final decisions of
the <i.strict courts to the supreme court, under
fnth regulations as may be prescribed by law.
1 he ,-npr-rne court, or the justices thereof,
shall appoint its own clerk and interpreters, ;
and every clerk and interpreter shall hold his I
office at the pleasure of the court for which he i
shall have been appointed. Writs of error j
und appeals from the tinal decisions of the
supreme court shall be allowed, and may be
taken to the .Supreme Court of the United
State.-, m the same manner and under the
Kuril- regulations as from the circuit courts
«.t' iiic I ruled Htates. where the value of the
pr' | • rty, or t>ic amount iti controversy, to be
:iir rtrm.ed by the oath or affirmation ot either
parly or other competent witnesses, shall ex-
ceed in value $1,000, except that a writ of error
or appeal shall be allowed to the Supremo
Court of the United States from the decision
of the Miprt-me court created by this act. or of
any judge thereof, or of the district courts
created by the act, or any judge thereof, upon
any writs of habeas corpus involving the ques-
tion of personal freedom. And each ot the
district courts shall have and exercise the
same jurisdiction in all cases arising under the
Constitution and laws of the United States
applicable to the Indian country, as is vested
in the circuit antl district courts of the United
States, subject to the limitations contained i.i
the act, and such other jurisdiction, not incon-
sistent with the act, as may be conferred by
the laws of the Territory ; and the tirst six
days of every term of the courts, or so much
thereof as shall he necessary, shall be appro-
priated to the trial of causes arising under the
coustitution and laws, aud writs of error and
appeal in all such cases shall be made to the
supreme court of the Territory, the same as
in other cases. The clerks shall receive iu
all such cases the same fees which the clerks
of the district courts for the State of Kansas
now receive for similar services, and all inter-
preters shall be paid two dollars per diem.
The supreme court and circuit court shall
recognize all laws, rules, and usages of each
of the Indian tribes, as to the members aud
withiu the limits of the same, not luconsisteut
with the Constitution and laws of the United
States and the provisions of the act.
The ninth section provides that there shall
be appointed bv the rresideut, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, an attorney
and a marshal for the Territory, who shall cou-
Uuue in office for four years, and until their
successors shall be appointed and qualified;
and they shall receive the same fees and salary
as the attorney and niarahai of the United
States for the State of Kansas, and the uuu Mial
shad appoint his own deputies, who shall ex-
ecute all processes issuing from the courts as
prescribed by law.
By section ten it is provided that all causes
iu the United States district court for the west-
ern district of Arkansas at the date of the pass-
age of the act shall be transferred to the dis-
trict court provided for in the preceding section
of the act which may have jurisdiction over the
Territory wherein the cause or causes may have
originated.
Section eleven provides that all officers pro-
vided for by the act, executive, legislative,
and judicial, shall, before they act as such,
respectively, take an oath or allirmatioii before
the judge of any distiict court of the United
States, or before the Chief Justice or some
associate justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States, to support the Constitution of
the United States and to faithfully discharge
the duties of their respective offices, which
oaths, when so taken, shall be certified by the
person before whom the same shall nuve been
taken, and such certificates shall be received
and recorded by the secretary of the Territory
among the executive proceedings, and after-
ward the like oath or affirmation shall be
taken by all civil otlicers holding offices in the
Territory hereafter created by law, which shall
be certified and recorded in such manner and
form as may be prescribed by laiv ; that the
chief justice and associate jusiices shall re- ]
ceive an annual salary of $3,ol>0; that the
secretary shall receive an annual salary of
$2,500, to be paid by the United States j that
the salaries shall be paid quarter yearly, from
the dates of the respective appointments, at
the Treasury of the Uuited States; but no
payment shall be made until said officers shall
have entered upon the duties of their respect-
ive appointments. It further provides that
the members of the legislative couneil and of
the house of representatives shall be entitled
to receive four dollars each per day during
their attendance at the sessions thereof, and
four dollars each for eveiy twenty miles of
travel m going to and returning from the ses-
sions, estimated according to the liearc t,
usually traveled routes; that an additioua.1
allowance of four dollars per day shall be paid
to tile presiding officer ot the legislative coun-
cil aud of the house of representatives for each
day he shall so preside; and that a chief clerk,
one assistant clerk, one engrossing aud one
enrolling clerk, a sergeant-at arms, und door-
keeper, and all necessary interpreters, may
be chosen for the council and lor the house
of representatives; and the chief clerks of
each shall receive four dollars per day, and
the other officers three dollars per day, dining
the session of the Legislative Assembly ; but
no Oiher officers shall be paid by the United
States. It also provides that there shall be
appropriated annually the usual sum, to be
expended by the Governor to defray the con-
tingent expenses of the Territory, including
the salary of a clcrk for the Executive ; thai-
there shall also be appropriated annually a
sufficient sum to be expended by the secretary
of the Territory, and upon an estima'e to he
made by the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States, to defray the expense of th^
Legislative Assembly, the printing of I he law-,
and other incidental expenses; tbat the seen -
tary of the Territory shall semi-annually ue-
couut to the Secretary of the Treasury of the
Uuited States for the maimer in which the
moueys intrusted to him shall have been ex-
pended ; and that no expenditures of moneys
belonging to the United States shall be made
by said Legislative Assembly for objects not
specially authorized by the acts ol' Congress
making the appropriations, nor beyond the
sum thus appropriated for such objects.
Section twelve provides that the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Oklahoma shall
hold its first session at such tune and pi,ice in
the Territory as the Governor thereof slull
appoint and direct; aud at the first session,
or as soon thereafter as they shall deem expe-
dient, the Governor and Legislative Assembly
shall proceed to locate and establish the seat
of government for the Territory at such place
as they may deem eligible ; provided that the
seat of government fixed by the Governor and
Legislative Assembly shall not be at any time
changed, except by an act of the Assembly
duly passed, and which shall be approved,
alter due notice, at the first general electiou
thereafter by a majority of the legal votes cast
on that question.
Section thirteen provides that a Delegate to
the House of Representatives of the United
States, who shall be a citizen of the Uni-
ted States and reside in the Territory, to .serve
for the term of two yeurs, shall be elected in
the same manner aud by the same persons
who vote for membeisof the Legislative As-
sembly; and that the Delegate shall be entitled
to the same rights aud privileges as are exer-
cised and enjoyed by Delegates from other
Territories of the United States to the House
of Representatives ; that the first election for
such Delegate shall be upon such day as the
Governor may appoint for the election of
the first Legislative Assembly, but thereafter
the time aud place shall 1)6 fixed by the
Governor and the Legislative Assembly; that
all the laws of the United States which are not
locally inapplicable shall have the same force
and effect within the Territory as elsewhere in
the United States.
Section fourteen provides that until other-
wise provided by law the Governor of the Ter-
ritory may assign the judges who may be
appointed for the Territory to the several dis-
tricts, and also appoint the times *nd places
for holding courts in the several subdivisions in
each of the judicial districts by proclamation,
to be issued by him ; but that the Legislative
Assembly, at their first or any subsequent sch-
sion, muy organize, alter, or modify sik.Ii judi*
oial districts, and assign the judges and alter
