218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3:,
4'2d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
shall not be liable for any expenditures for
said land, or for the purchase-money therefor,
or for the buildings to be erected thereon; and
no land, or the use thereof, ia hereby granted
for the purpose of erecting any building thereon,
for such building.
For purchase and distribution of valuable
seeds, being so much of the appropriation for
the Department of Agriculture for fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-one, erroneously carried to the surplus
fund, two thousand one hundred and eighty
dollars and ninety-two cents.
department of justice.
For defraying expenses of the Supreme Court
and circuit and district courts 01 the United
States, including the District of Columbia, and
also for jurors and witnesses, and fikewise for
defraying the expenses o'f suits in which the
United States are concerned, and prosecuting
offenses committed against the United States,
and for the safe-keeping of prisoners, for fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and seventy-two, three hundred thousand dol-
lars.
For salaries of United States district judges,
for fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, one thousand six
hundred and ninety-three dollars and eighty-
seven cents.
For associate justices of the Supreme Court,
for fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-three, four thousand
dollars.
For rent of the fifth story of the building
occupied by the Department of Justice from
January first to June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-three, two thousand dol-
lars.
For titling up rooms twenty-two^ twenty-
three, and twenty-four, and connecting hall,
in above building, and furnishing the same,
one thousand dollars, or so much thereof as
may be necessary.
To enable the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House
of Representatives to pay the members of the
Forty-First Congress irom the State of Missis-
sippi tor the time embraced in the period
between the fourth day ol' March, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine, and the thirtieth day
of November, eighteen hundred and sixty-
nine, a sufficient sum is hereby appropriated.
To enable the Clerli of the House to pay the
Representative from the first district of Ohio,
as provided in House resolution of February
twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
three, his compensation from the eleventh day
of July, eighteen hundred and seventy-two, to
December second, eighteen hundred and sev-
enty-two, the sum of one thousand nine hun-
dred and fifty-eight dollars and thirty three
cents, to be added to the contingent fund of
the House.
To enable the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House
of Representatives to pay .to each Representa-
tive in the Forty-First Congress from the State
of Georgia such sum as shall make his pay
equal to that received by P. M. B. Young as
a Representative in said Congress.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay Uie bearer of the contesting electoral vote
of the State of Louisiana, the sum of six hun-
dred and thirty-eight dollars is hereby appropri-
ated out of the appropriation heretofore made
to pay the regular messengers.
To reimburse the Sergeant-at-Arms of the
House of Representatives for sundry payments
made by him for contingent expenses of the
House on vouchers approved by the Commit-
tee on Accounts of said House, three thousand
four hundred and sixty dollars and forty-five
cents.
For the purchase of site, and to commence
the construction of a brick building at Evans-
ville, Indiana, to be used as a custom-house,
court-house, post office, and for other Govern-
ment offices, one hundred thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
purchase a part of a lot of ground in Indian-
apolis, Indiana, east of and adjoining the
ground on which the court-house and post
office is situated, the sum of thirty thousand
dollars be, and is hereby, appropriated.
For salary of deputy commissioner of pen-
sions, two thousand five hundred dollars ; for
salary of medical referee, two thousand five
hundred dollars ; for additional compensation
of four surgeons, now receiving one thousand
two hundred dollars per annum, to be one
thousand eight hundred dollars per annum,
two thousand four hundred dollars; making,
in all, seven thousand four hundred dollars,
the same to be immediately available.
Sec. 2. That the unexpended balance of
the appropriation of one million dollars for
payment of any balance due; or to be found
due, during the fiscal year ending June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-two, to any
State for costs, charges, and expenses contem-
plated and provided for in and by the act ap-
proved July twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, being an act entitled "An act to
indemnify certain States for expenses incurred
by them in enrolling, equipping, and transport-
ing troops for the defense of the United States
during the war of the late rebellion," is here-
by reappropriated for the service of the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and seventy-three.
Sec. 3. That a sum sufficient to pay the
amounts due respectively to the topographer,
and to the assistant carpenter of the Post-
Offiee Department, and the superintendent of
the Post Office building, under the provisions of
the " act to revise, consolidate, and amend the
statutes relating to the Post Office Depart-
ment," approved June eighth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-two, is hereby appropriated ;
and to pay William M. Ireland and J. M. Mc-
Grew forpreparingregulationsand instructions
for the use of the Post Office Department under
the new postal code, the sum of one thousand
dollars each is hereby appropriated.
To supply deficiency in the appropriation for
registered package envelopes for the Post
Office Department for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
two,"eleven thousand and fifty-three dollars
and two cents.
For balance on salaries of postmasters for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-three, one hundred and
eighty-four thousand dollars.
To enable the Postmaster General to pay the
expenses incurred in eighteen hundred and
sixty-six in fitting up the post office at Charles-
ton, South Carolina, one thousand four hun-
dred and thirty dollars and five cents.
Sec. 4. That the following amounts, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, are hereby
appropriated for the following-named officers
and Departments for purchase of postage
stamps for use during the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
four :
For executive office, six hundred dollars;
for Department of State, eighty-three thousand
dollars; for Post Office Department, eight
hundred thousand dollars; for Treasury De-
partment, five hundred and four thousand dol-
lars; for Navy Department, thirty-eight thou-
sand dollars; for Interior Department, two
hundred and twenty thousand dollars; for
Agricultural Department, filty-two thousand
dollars; for Department of Justice, fifteen
thousand dollars; for War Department, one
hundred and fifty-three thousand dollars ; for
offices of the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, the Secretary of the Senate, and the
Sergeant at-Arms of tho House of Represent-
atives, one hundred dollars each ; making, in
all, one million eight hundred and sixty-five
thousand and nine hundred dollars: Provided;
That the Postmaster General shall cause to be
prepared a special stamp or stamped envelope,
to be used only for official mail-matter, for
each of the Executive Departments; and said
stamps and stamped envelopes shall be sup-
plied by the pruper officer of said Departments
to all persons under its direction requiring the
same for official use; and all appropriations
for postage heretofore made shall no longer be
available for said purpose ; and all said stamps
and stamped envelopes shall be sold or fur-
nished to said several Departments or clerks
only at the price for which stamps and stamped
envelopes of like value are sold at the several
post offices.
For one month's salary of the late Charles
H. W. Meehan, assistant librarian, for the
month of July, eighteen hundred and seventy-
two, to be paid to Mary M. Meehan, his widow,
two hundred and ten dollars and sixty cents.
Sec. 6. That there-shall be appointed an
Assistant Treasurer of the United States to he
located in the city of Cincinnati, in the State
of Ohio ; and one to be located in the city of
Chicago, in the State of Illinois; and such
Assistant Treasurers shall be appointed in like
manner, for like time, and be subject to all the
provisions of law to which the other Assistant
Treasurers of the United States are subject.
Sko. 6. That there shall be prepared within
the custom-house of the city of Cincinnati, in
the State of Ohio, and within the custom-
house to be erected in the city of Chicago, in
the State of Illinois, suitable and convenient
rooms for the use of the Assistant Treasurers
herein authorized, and sufficient and secure
fire-proof vaults and safes for the safe-keeping
of the public moneys collected and deposited
with them ; and the said Assistant Treasurers
shall have the custody and care of said rooms,
vaults, and safes, respectively, and of such
other rooms, vaults, and safes as may be tem-
porarily assigned to -them, or either of them,
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and of the
public moneys deposited therein ; and they
shall perform all the duties required to be per-
formed by other United States Assistant Treas-
urers in reference to the receipt, safe-keeping,
transfer, and disbursement of such moneys:
Provided, That the rooms, vaults, and safes
now used by the United States designated
depositaries at Cincinnati, Ohio, aud Chicago,
Illinois, shall be set apart for the purposes
named in this section, as far and as long as
they may be applicable and convenient.
Sec. 7. That upon the appoiutmeut and
qualification of said Assistant Treasurers, the
Secretary of the Treasury shall revoke the
designations as depositories of the United
States of the surveyor of customs at Cincin-
nati and the collector of customs at Chicago,
and shall direct the trausfer of all the books,
accounts, vouchers, property, and public
moneys in the. offices of the said depositories
to the offices of the said Assistant Treasurers,
respectively.
Sec. 8. That the Assistant Treasurers
authorized by this act to be appointed shall
receive a salary of five thousand dollars each
per annum, to be paid quarter-yearly at the
Treasury of the United States, which shall be
in full for all their services ; and a sufficient
amount to pay said salary until June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-four, is hereby
appropriated.
Sec. 9. That tfie Assistant Treasurers herein
provided for, may, with the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury, appoint the same
number of clerks and messengers in their re-
spective offices, and at the same compensation
as is now provided by law for the offices of
the United States depositaries at Cincinnati
and Chicago, respectively ; and all unexpended
balances of money heretofore appropriated,
