614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
of this bill ? Why, sir, these Indian nations
(torthey call themselves nations) have hereto-
fore, by their own txpressions and 1 heir own
conduct, exhibited to the country the necessity
of some form of civil government different
from that by which they are now controlled.
We find that on the '27th of September, 1870,
the respective tribes inhabiting that country—
fifteen in number, [ believe—met together in
council and proposed what, they call the Okla-
homa constitution. The provisions of this hill
conform as nearly to the provisions of this
Oklahoma constitution as it is possible to have
them conform and yet have the nation retain
the power of sovereignty which legitimately
belongs to the nation alone. These people,
by presenting this constitution, admit the ne-
ce?sity of some form of civil government there ;
but the trouble is that in this constitution they
claim sovereignty as belonging to them, not
to the Government of the United States.
They came here with this constitution and
it was rejected by the Congress of the nation,
because it did not in terms recognize the sov-
ereign power of this nation as it reposes in
the Government of the United States. With
the exception of these provisions of that con-
stitution which impliedly deny the sovereignty
of the Government of the United States, the
provisions of this bill correspond very nearly
with the provisions of that constitution.
Mr. Speaker, then they ehow by this action
on their part that they believed on the 27th
day of September, 1870, there was some neces-
sity for civil government there.
I have here also the memorial prepared at a
meeting of the representatives of religious and
philanthropic organizations cooperating with
the Government, held in the city of New York,
February 19, 1872, in which they very fully
discuss the necessity of some change of the
Indian policy, so that the benefits and bless-
ings of a civil government may not only be
extended to these Indians, but to all the In-
dians within the boundaries of this nation.
And here is one of the resolutions which they
unanimously adopted :
Retolved, That a committee be appointed to me-
morialize the President and Congress to inaugurate a
general law authorizing the extension of civil gov-
ernment and the protection of law over all Indian
tribe? who will consent to carry out and enforce the
same within their respective reservations.
There, Mr. Speaker, is an additional exhi-
bition on the part of these gentlemen who to
a great extent have taken in charge this Indian
question that there is a necessity for the pro-
tection of law and for the extension of civil
government over these people, in order that
they may be protected by it.
In addition to that we have two distinct
recommendations in two different messages
on this question by the President of the Uni-
ted States, who is presumed to have given the
subject sufficient consideration to advise that
which is best for the Indians and best for the
nation.
Now, as to the particular reason and the
peculiar necessity that may exist for the
extension of this territorial form of govern-
ment over these tribes as it exists in the
Indian territory, I will leave the discussion
and elaboration of that question to the gen-
tleman from Texas, [Mr. Conner,] who has
given it very thorough consideration.
What are the objects sought to be accom-
plished by this billV It is proposed to set
apart a limited territory of reasonable extent
among these Indian tribes who stand in the
way of the civilization of the country, and
as au inducement it is proposed to organize
them under a territorial government which
shall be under their own control so far as
may be consistent with the maintenance of
the national sovereignty. It was the opinion
of the committee who had tbis bill under con-
sideration that this territorial bill ought to
correspond with the territorial acts which have
been passed for the other Territories as near
as possible. We have endeavored to do that
j in the preparation of this bill, and we have
I endeavored at the same time to abstifin from
! any violation of the treaties which had here-
tofore been made with these Indian tribes.
The bill as reported declares that the Governor
and the secretary, who in the absence of the
Governor is to be acting Governor, shall be
appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, l'he Okla-
h ma coustitution provided for the election
of the Governor, and it provided for the elec-
tion of all the territorial officers. In that
particular this bill differs from that Oklahoma
constitution. The bill asserts the ordinary
supervision by Congress over territorial legis
laiion. It provides for the appointment of
the judges of the United States courts. It
makes provisions for a Delegate in Congress.
It leaves, however, to the Territory the right
to establish local courts. It does not seek to
interfere with the affairs of the Territory, nor
does it destroy tribal organizations in the
territory, but only subordinates them to the
organic act.
It is contended by gentlemen who may be
opposed to this bill that these tribal organiza-
tions stand in the way of any such legislation
as is proposed. In reply I will say that 1 do
not believe that such is the case. I believe
these tribal organizations, as I understand- the
matter, so far as their own customs and their
own laws are concerned, will be subordinated
to the provisions of this bill; and they can be
made to work in harmony with them. On the
other hand, if such is not the case, and if it,
be true there are tribal governments and tribal
organizations in existence which are not sub
ordinate to the laws of Congress, and which
are not inferior in their character to the legis-
lation of this Union, we had better know it as
soon as possible. .
If we have more than one sovereignty in
th is land let us understand where it exists and
what its rights are. I assert it as a legal prin-
ciple that if the treaty-making power has here-
tofore granted to these Indians such rights as
that they stand to-day higher than the Consti-
tution of the country, which has vested the
sovereign power of this nation here, then such
grants under that Constitution are a nullity.
If it be true that these Indian tribes have
powers conferred upon them by the treaty-
making power heretofore in treaties made with
them, it certainly is a correct legal proposition
that all such attempted grants of authority as
that are void. Even this Congress itself, much
less the treaty-making power, has no right
under the Constitution and laws of this nation
to carve out a particular portion of the public
domain, and to place upon that domain a class
of people and declare that they will give to
tbera rights and privileges that are not in sub-
ordination to and in harmony with the laws
passed by this Congress.
There is a very great difference between the
question of title and the question of sover-
eignty ; and it may be possible that gentlemen
have had their minds confused by not making
a proper discrimination between them. The
question of title is one which is determined
by the terms of the grant itself. In this case
the question of this Indian title is one which
is determined by the grants contained in the
respective treaties which have been hereto-
fore made with these people. But the ques-
tion of sovereignty is another thing. That is
an inherent right, reposing in the people of
the United States, to be exercised by their
Representatives alone. There is the distinc-
tion. Although we might not have any legal
right, although we might not have the power,
without a great breach of confidence and good
faith, to interfere with the titles of these peo-
ple to their lands, we do have the power, we
do have the authority to say to them, as to
all other people who live in the Territories of
these United States, that they must live in
subordination to the laws of Congress.
It may be proper to remark that the terri-
tory embraced in this bill comprises, as nearly
as can be ascertained, 41,691,180 acres, or
65,142 square miles ; bounded on the north by
the southern boundary of the Sta^e of Kansas ;
on the west by the eastern boundaries of the
Territory of New Mexico and the State of
Texas ; on the south by the northern boundary
of the State of Texas; and on the east by the
western boundaries of the States of Arkansas
\ aud Missouri. There is at present, as nearly
as can be ascertained, within the confines of
this territory a population of 70,869 Indians.
Now, it 1ms been claimed by these Indian
tribes themselves Lhat Congress had no right
to extend its laws over them. But if it can
be taken as a precedent, Congress has already
exercised that right, and the Supreme Court
of the nation, although it declares that as
that court interprets it, it was an express vio-
lation of the treaty of 1866, yet in the case of
Boudinot, against the United States it decides
that Congress lias the clear and unquestioned
rightto extend its authority over them, although
it may be in express violation of the treaty.
That sustains the position that I assumed
a while ago, that while the friends of this bill
claim that it does not in terms interfere with
the provisions of any treaty, yet if it did do
it, as far as the political question is concerned,
Congress has absolute control over them.
It will be remembered that in 1868 Congress
passed the following section in one of its rev-
enue laws :
"That the internal revenue laws imposing taxes
on distilled spirits, fermented liquors, tobacco, snuff,
and cigars shall be construed to extend to such
articles produced anywhere within the exterior
boundaries of the United States, whether the same
shall be within a collection district or not."—15 tllat-
ute*, 167.
Article ten of the treaty made with the
Cherokees provides that—
" Every Cherokee Indian and freed person residing
in the Cherokee nation shall have tne right to sell
any products of hia farm, including his or her livo
stock, or any merchandise or manufactured prod-
ucts, and to ship and drive the same to market
without restraint, paying any tax thereou which is
now or may be levied by the United States on the
quantity sold ontside of the Indian territory."
It will be remembered that Mr. Boudinot
did not propose to sell any of his manufactured
articles outside of the Indian territory, but he
simply sold them in the Indian territory with-
out paying license therefor. He was arrested
under the provisions of the law I have quoted.
The case went to the Supreme Court, and it
sustained the proposition that Congress had a
clear and unquestioned right, even in face of
the express terms of the treaty, to pass this
provision, and that it was applicable to those
people who lived in the Indian territory. The
court say:
"On behalf of the claimants it is contended that
the one hundred and seventh section was not in-
tended to apply, and does not apply, to the country
of the Cherokees, and that the immunities secured
by the treaty are in full force there. The United
States insist that the section applies with the same
effect to the territory in question as to any State or
other Territory of the United States, and that to the
extent of the provisions of the section the treaty is
annulled.
" Considering the narrowness of the questions to
be decided, a remarkable wealth of learning and
ability has been expended in their discussion.
The views of counsel in this court have rarely been
more elaborately presented. Nevertheless, the case
seems to us not difficult to bo determined, and to
require no very extended line of remarks to vindi-
cate the soundness of the conclusions at which we
have arrived.
" In The Cherokee Nation Vi. Georgia, (5 Peters,
1",) Chief Justice Marshall, delivering the opinion
of this court, said: 'The Indian territory is ad-
mitted to compose a part of the United States. In
all our geographical treatises, histories, and laws it
is so considered.' In The United States vs. Rogers,
(4 Howard, 372,) Chief Justice Taney, also speaking
for the court, held this language : " It is our duty to
expound and execute the law as we find it, and we
think it too firmly and clearly established to admit
of dispute that the Indian tribes residing within the
territorial limits of the United States are subject to
their authority, and where the country occupied by
them is not within the limits of one of the States
Congress may by law punish any offense committed
there, no matter whether the offender be a white
manoran Indian.'
" Both these propositions are so well settled in our
jurisprudence that it would be a waste of time to
