1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
615
dimuss them or to refer to further authorities in
their support. There is a long and unbroken our-
reut of legislation and adjudications in aoeordauce
with them, and we are aware ornothiug in conflict
with either."
That was the language of the Supreme Court
in the celebrated Boudinot case and I think it
settles clearly, if there was any doubt upon the
question before, that the sovereign right of
exercising supervisory control and of adopting
such legislative action as Congress may deem
best for the Indians and for the nation is within
the clear power of Congress. When it comes
to the question of title it is a different proposi-
tion, but so far as the provisions of this bill
are concerned, I think it is really unneces-
sary to go into any discussion of this question
at all, because it leaves the question precisely
as the treaties have left it. If the treaties made
with these Cherokees, Choctaws, Chickasaws,
Creeks, Seminoles, and other tribes that are
within this territory give to them a title to
theircountry, that title is left precisely as those
treaties leave it so far as this billis concerned.
But it is contended by those who are opposed
to tise bill that it seeks to accomplish by in-
direction what it does not purport to do by
direction; that it seeks, in other words, to
divest these people of their title by indirect
means. What are those indirect means as
claimed by gentlemen on the other side of this
question ? They say that it-in effect destroys
the tribal relations of these Indians, and that
the effect of the destruction of those tribal
relatious is to divest them of the title to their
lands. I see that in a communication signed
by the Indians representing these tribes, which
has beeu laid upon our tables this morning, it
is claimed that the effect of the decision of the
Supreme Court in the case of Warner vs. Joy
was to declare that they held their lands in
fee-simple. Well, if they hold their lands in
fee simple, what conditions are there which
can be broken down by this bill which will
affect that title? While I do not believe, aad
while I admit here that I do not believe that
the court in that case nade any such ruling,
that it uttered only an ipse dixit as to the
Cherokee strip of land, which is governed per-
haps by the terms of a treaty different in char-
acter from the terms of the treaties governing
and controlling the other tribes—while I say I
do not believe the Supreme Court has by that
case decided that all these lands are held in
fee simple, yet if such be the correct construc-
tion of that decision, and that the court did
intend to establish such a position, it only
confirms and strengthens the title of these
people to their lands. And there is no power
in Congress or out of it in any branch of the
Government to take their lands from them.
If it be true that they hold them in fee-simple
there are but two ways to divest them of their
lands, so far as the power of the Government
is concerned. One way is to secure them by
purchasing them from the Indians; the other
is by the exercise of the right of eminent do-
main, and that right cannot be exercised ex-
cept upon the payment of a just compensation
lor this property.
Whether their title to these lands is as dig-
nified as that of fee-simple or not, is not ma-
terial to this controversy, because, as I claim,
the title is not in any way affected by this bill.
If it be less than a fee-simple title, the good
faith of this Government is pledged to its pro-
tection and maintenance, with the same care
and the same zeal as though it was a fee-
simple title. But the discussion of what its
character may be is not pertinent to this ques-
lion at all. I apprehend that there will be no
disagreement between the friends and thte op-
ponents of this bill upon the question of the
disturbance of the title of these Indians to
these lands. I do not believe they ought to be
divested of those titles unless they consent to it.
But I do believe that some form of civil gov-
ernment is not only necessary for the protec-
tion and security of these Indians there, but it
may be remarked that there are other people
whose rights the Government are bound to
respect in their legislation upon this question
who have a legal right to go into this coun-
try. It will be romembered that in 1866 these
Cherokees and Choctaws and Chickasaws
and Creeks and Seminoles, in fact all of the
semi-civilized tribes there, granted a right of
way to certain railroad companies to build
their roads through that country. That grant,
made by themselves in their treaties, carries
with it the implied right to men to go upon
that grant and operate the road—to all the
citizens of this country from all parts of it
to travel over this highway. Then, so far
as these Indians are concerned, they have by
the terms of these treaties given this grant
of a right of way, carrying with it the right
of these companies to transport freight and
passengers upon their road.
it is said that these people already have a
system of government there, and why not rely
upon that system for protection and securi'y ?
Is it to be presumed that the people of this
nation, in the face of the express grant given
by these people themselves, giving to the peo-
ple of the whole nation the right to travel over
these roads, are willing to rely for protection
and security upon Indian tribal organizations
and upon Indian government? Whatever may
.be the nature of these governments, there is
one thing we do know, that there is constantly
coming up a conflict between the authorities
of the United States and the authorities of
those local governments.
We know that it has not been many months
since within this very territory a United States
marshal was resisted. Whether be was right
or whether he was wrong is not the question.
Sufficient for us to know that there was a shed-
ding of blood ; that white men were killed;
that Indians were killed; the Indian authori-
ties, as I understand, claimingthat the United
States marshal had no right to interfere with
them while they were trying some man who
was arrested down there for a violation of
their laws. This led to an armed conflict. In
the Boudinot case we find this conflict of
authority between the imaginary rights aa they
exist in the minds of these Indians, and the
real rights of the Government of the United
States, and placing these two principles, as
contended for by the respective parties, in
direct conflict with each other.
We believe that the establishment of a ter-
ritorial form of government will do away with
these conflicts. We believe it is necessary
for the protection of the Indians and for the
security of the white people who have a right
to pass over that country. ,
It is claimed that the necessities of civil-
ization demand that we shall trample upon
these treaties which guaranty title to these
Indians. We have not thought so in the
report presented here from the committee to
the House. We have thought that if these
people were placed under the influence of
civil law, if they were brought in more direct
relations with the Government of the United
States, if they were permitted to have a Dele-
gate upon the floor of this House, so that their
wants and their grievances could be presented
here in that way rather than by paid agents,
who use up the subsidies of these people by
coming here year after year at ten dollars a
day and expenses paid, it would be better for
those people.
It may be possible that this bill is defective;
it may be that it will not accomplish the pur-
pose intended to be accomplished ; it may be
that it is not as perfect in its provisions as it
can be made; but that the civilization, en-
lightenment, and intelligence of this- country,
the necessities of these people themselves, the
security of the white people, make a demand
upon this Congress for some legislative action,
I think none can deny.
It may be remarked, Mr. Speaker, that the
Choctaws, the Chickasaws, the Creeks, and
the Seminoles living in that country have
already consented by their treaty provisions to
the establishment of some kind of territorial
government over them. By referring to the
seventh article of the treaty with the Choctaws
and Chickasaws it will be found that at the time
this treaty was made it. was contemplated, both
by those who acted as agents for the Govern-
ment and by the Indians themselves, that the
time would come when they should be brought
under the civilizing control and influence of
civil government and civil laws. It was pro-
vided in the seventh article of the treaty
referred to that—
" The Choctaws and Chickasaws agree tosuch legis-
lation as Congress and the President of the United
States may deem neoessary for the better adminis-
tration of justice and the protection of the rights of
person and property witnin the Indian territory;
Provided, hoicevei-, Such legislation shall not in any-
wise interfere with or annul their present tribal
organization, or their respective legislatures or j udi-
ciaries, or the rights, laws, privileges, or customs of
the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations respectively."
Now, it may be claimed that the provisions
of this article are not in harmony with this bill;
yet I take the position that they are substan-
tially so ; and I have-read this provision of
the treaty for the purpose of showing that
the consent of these tribes has already been
given, if such consent was necessary ; yet I do
not believe that it is necessary, because, in
my view, the principles of sovereignty which
reposes in the people of the United States,
exercised through their Government here,
gives to us the right to legislate for the people
of that territory as well as of all the other
Territories.
But it will be found here that they give this
right to us. It is provided that we snail have
the right to pass a law of this kind, or one of
similar nature, placing these Indians under the
direct control and influence of civil govern-,
ment. The same authority is given to us by
article ten of the Creek and Seminole treaty ;
and it may be remarked that article six of the
Cherokee treaty expressly provides that Con-
gress shall have power to establish a judiciary
system there; that Congress shall have power
to establish courts in that country ; that we
shall have power to throw civil law over these
people, ana all others who may legally be in
that country, by establishing a Federal court
there. That power is given by the provisions
of the Cherokee treaty. But whether this
authority be given by treaty or not, I hold that,
it belongs here as an inherent right of the
Government; that we may exercise this sov-
ereign power whenever the Representatives
of the people believe it ought to be exercised
in the interests of humanity, in behalf of
justice, and to give security to the property
and lives of the people of this nation.
I do not care to detain the House at this
time by going into an extended discussion to
show the exact character of the Indian titles,
because I do not believe it necessary. I regard
these titles as settled by the provisions of the
different treaties that have been made between
the Government of the United States and these
Indian tribes. I do not believe that the pro-
visions of this bill affect those treaties in that
respect; and while I adhere to the legal prin
ciple that Congress, in virtue of the sovereignty
of the Government, has the right to determine
and decide upon all political matters pertain-
ing to the people of that Territory, I am willing
to admit tnat I would not regard it as an exer-
cise of good faith on the part of Congress to
attempt to interfere directly with those por-
tions of these treaties which give title to these
Indians. But if you confer upon these men
the blessing of civil government they will, in
my judgment, make more rapid strides in
civilization than they will if left to themselves.
It has been our boast that as a people and
as a nation wherever our civil laws were
extended we carried our civilization and our
commerce and our arts and all the blessings
attendant on these with us. If that be true,
and you are desirous of civilizing these semi-
civilized people, why not confer all of these
