1580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
order that there may be an area large enough
in the center of our crowded city, on that
little peninsula, to have it certain fire shall
never sweep over that tract again. Therefore
the city of Boston proposes to tax itself
$350,000, and asks the United States to seize
this opportunity, which will never come again,
to get this land, without any building on it, to
make a building which shall in all time be
sufficient lor the wants of a post office; and
our post office business is increasing so fast
that buildings which only a few years ago were
thought ample are now found to be too small;
and whten we make cheap postage it is going
to require still more and more and more accom-
modation, because the business is going to
double and redouble in the future; and wisdom
teaches every private business man, as it
teaches us representative business men of the
Government, to see to it while we can that we
get sufficient room for the great postal facilities
for what I hope, in the future, will be one of
the largest cities upon this continent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GAUFIELD, of Ohio. I hope we will
now have a vote.
The question recurred on Mr. Hale's amend-
ment.
The committee divided; and there were—•
ayes 41, noes 47; no quorum voting.
Mr. HALE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hale and
Mr, Farnsworth were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 70, noes 66.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
And the sums hereby appropriated for the con-
struction of public buildings under the Treasury
Department shall be available immediately upon
the approval of this act; and the balances of appro-
priations, for the current fiscal year, for the con-
struction of public buildingsunder the control of the
Treasury Department, which may remain unex-
pended at the close of the current fiscal year, are
hernby reappropriated for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1874.
Mr. HALE. I move, in line eight hundred
and twenty-tbree, after the word "Depart-
ment," to insert " including the buildings for
the new State, War, and Navy Departments."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I move to add, after
line eight hundred and thirty, the following:
No part of the money appropriated in this act
shall be paid except on contract made with the
lowest bidder in pursuance of advertisements duly
published.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a point of order on
that amendment that it makes new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order, as it is in order to make a
limitation on the appropriation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, the
amendment is almost precisely like that
adopted by the House at the last session of
Congress to the sundry civil appropriation
bill, but it, like some other amendments
adopted by the House, was lost somehow or
other in the committee of conference. The
object of that amendment is simply to put a
atop to the present vicious method of erecting
public buildings by making a bargain with
some man by the Supervising Architect of the
-treasury and sending him on the work and
paying for everything, furnishing all the labor-
ers and materials, paying every conceivable
expense, and then giving him fifteen per cent,
on the whole cost. ^ That is the system now
generally being carried out. In every other
portion of the public service advertising and
bidding are required. There is competition.
Contracts are let to the lowest responsible
Didder. If that system should be carried out
m this service we would get our buildings
much cheaper than now. In this building in
New York as well as in the building in Boston
the men who are appointed to have.super-
visory control over them receive fifteen per
cent, on all disbursements. They receive that
immense profit without the slightest risk on
their part. Even the insurance on the granite
and other stone is paid for by the Government.
The boxing of the granite when shipped is
paid for and the transportation is paid for
and all the risks are taken by the Government.
And this man, who runs no risk and does not
pay a dollar of his own money, is receiving in
the case of the New York building something
like four or five hundred thousand dollars
profit; in his fifteen per cent, upon this dis-
bursment, which will amount to more than
seven million dollars before you get through
with it.
It used to be said of the Supervising Archi-
tect, as was testified before the committee,
that he was trying to whip the devil around the
stump and evade the eight-hour law. But
now, as the President has construed the eight-
hour law to apply to laborers employed on
public buildings in this manner, there is no ex-
cuse for carrying on the public service in this
way. The Postmaster General of the United
States cannot make a contract for carrying the
mail ten miles, unless to renew the unexpired
portion of a contract, and in case of special
exigency, but by advertisement and to the low-
est bidder. Should that officer of the Govern-
ment, should the Postmaster General buy en-
velopes or postage stamps without advertise-
ment and from the lowest bidder, he would be
impeached. And yet you allow another respons-
ible officer of the Government here in the
city of Washington to make these contracts
with the men he selects and pay these enorm-
ous profits, fifteen per cent., which amounts
to almost as much as do the extra wages under
the eight hour law for the difference between
eight and ten hours.
[Here the hammer iell. ]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call the at-
tention of the Committee of the Whole, not to
the special points the gentleman from Illinois
makes, because some of them, and for aught
I know all of them, have a measure of justice
and correctness in them. But this I desire to
say: that the two systems of managing public
buildings stand in marked contrast to each
other.
The old contract system, which prevailed
before the war, and up to about the time of the
war, and which had prevailed for many years,
was proved by years of testing to be one of the
worst systems ever adopted anywhere. It gave
us all the evils which, grew up in connection
with the Charleston custom-house, in connec-
tion with the New Orleans custom-house, and
in connection with many other custom-houses
and public buildings erected under the direc-
tion of the Government, by which contractors,
jobbers, and speculators had control of these
public buildings, and not only swindled the
Government out of the money appropriated,
but did not give us the buildings. We had
mere outrageous abortions, instead of public
buildings that were worth anything; and the
whole scheme was so utterly a failure, in regard
to the object to be attained, as well as the
expenditures from the public Treasury, that
public shame and the necessities of the "public
service required the utter exclusion and ab-
olition ot the old system of constructing our
public buildings, under general contract, to
the lowest bidder.
The present system was adopted as a refuge,
an escape from a system worse than any that
had ever been known ; and the Secretary of
the Treasury, who has consulted with the
Committee on Appropriations on this subject,
told us last year that the adoption of the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Illinois would throw us back into all the evils
of the old contract system, and would break
down a system which, whatever may be said
against it, has given us noble public buildings.
In some instances they cost too much. In
some instances the Government has doubtless
been swindled out of the money appropriated.
Hat the new system, I say, has given us some
ot the noblest of the public buildings this
country possesses. The buildings that arft
now in process of erection and the buildings
recently completed are the best evidences that
whatever evils there may be, the evil of not
getting good structures is not one you often
find under the present system.
It may not be the best. Some other system
may be better than either the old or the new.
But the new system is incomparably better
than the old in my judgment. And the amend-
ment of. the gentleman from Illinois [Mr
Farnsworth] throws us back into th? old
without any of the safeguards that surrounded
the old. The two systems are before the mem-
bers of this House for trial when they vote
for or against the amendment.
One other point I will call attention to. We
are now constructing a new building for the
War, Navy, and S*,ate Departments. We have
already expended about $2,000,000 on it;
$2,000,000 more are appropriated for the cur-
rent year. It is under the immediate direc-
tion of the officers of the Government. They
are at liberty to make contracts, and do make
contracts, for a certain portion of the supplies ;
but if they are to contract for every item of
that great building, to turn over into the
hands of some one man, instantly, the con-
tractor and his employes are in a measure
independent of the Government, except in
suits in reference to difficulties which arise in
the execution of the contract. As it is now,
an agent of the Government inspects every
brick before it is laid, and has the power to
stop the laying of stone on any building.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
the last word. I have heard this story before.
It is like a thrice told tale. Where are these
sublime public buildings which have been
erected under the new system? Where are
they? Not this Capitol; that was erected
under the old system, and it cost us nine or
ten million dollars. Your new State Depart-
ment will cost you more than that under the
new system. The post office in New Yora
will cost over $7,000,000. Tell me if you can
not make a contract and supervise the work
just as thoroughly as it is done when the Gov-
ernment itself does the work? How does
every man in a large city build a building'
Does he do it in the manner in which the Gov-
ernment does it? Does he pick out a favorite,
and say, "I will pay you all that the work
costs you, and give you fifteen per cent, for
the pay of a middleman m addition?" No,
sir, a private person builds as good a build-
ing as the Government can. He goes to a
good and reliable architect, and teils him
to make plans and specifications, and if he
accepts the plan he tells him to make con-
tracts with the lowest bidders, and then see to
it that those men perform their contracts to
the letter, under his supervision ; and for that
he pays the architect one and a half or two
per cent., while the Government pays tift.eeu
per cent, to an irresponsible middleman, thus
making it his interest to increase the expense.
The extension of the Treasury Department,
which was built before the war, was built under
the present system pretty nearly. You made
contracts, and, by the way, you made a contract
with the same men who now furnish granite
for the New York post office, and those same
men cheated the Government in their work on
the extension of the Treasury Department, as
is shown by a report made by Mr. Sargext, of
California, which shows the rascality of these
men. Those men are now furnishing granite
for the post office in New York, and are going
on constructing there for millions and millions
of dollars, with utter disregard of the public
Treasury, and yet you tell me that you cannot
make contracts with the lowest bidders. You
can make contracts for a ten-million dollar
building aa well as for a one:million dollar
building. One man can contract to furnish the
iron, another to furnish the stone, and another
to do the cutting, and you can have an ageU
