280
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
42d Cons....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
the current expenses at the arsenals ; of re-
ceiving stores and issuing arms and other
ordnance supplies; of police and office duties;
of rents, tolls, fuel, and lights; of stationery
and office furniture; of tools and instruments
for use ; of public animals, forage, and vehicles;
incidental expenses of the ordnance service,
including those attending practical trials and
tests of ordnance, small arms, aud other ord-
nance supplies, two hundred thousand dollars.
For manufacturing metallic ammunition for
small arms, one hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For overhauling, preserving, and cleaning
new ordnance stores on hand in the arsenals,
seventy five thousand dollars.
For purchase and manufacture of ordnance
stores, to fill requisition of troops, and for sea-
coast cannon, and lor carriages for the same,
two hundred thousand dollars.
For alterations of the carriages now in use
in sea-coast forts, one hundred thousand dol-
lars.
For repairing ordnance and ordnance stores
in the hands of troops, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
To enable the Secretary of War to provide
Gatling guns, of light caliber, for the use of
the Army, sixty thousand dollars.
For the purchase of projectiles for heavy
guns, fifty thousand dollars. And the Secre-
tary of war is.hereby Jiuthorized, in his dis-
cretion, to exchange the unserviceable and
unsuitable powder on hand for new powder.
For preservation of clothing and equipage
from moth and mildew, two hundred thousand
dollars, which shall be available for immediate
use.
For infantry, cavalry, and artillery equip-
ments, consisting of knapsacks, haversacks.,
canteens, and great-coat straps, sixty thousand
dollars.
For experiments and tests of two Gatling
guus of large caliber for flank defence of forti-
fications, five thousand dollars, and of the
systems of heavy rifled ordnance recommended
for trial by the board convened under act of
June sixth, eighteen hundred andseventy-two,
and, in the discretion of the Secretary, of any
other systems for utilizing or improving the
cast-iron guns now in the service, fifty thou-
sand dollars in addition to any unexpended
balance of appropriations made for the present
fiscal year.
For manufacture of arms at the national
armory, one hundred thousand dollars.
For improved machinery and instruments
for testing American iron and steel, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
Approved, March 6, 1873.
Chap. OCXXX.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for the Naval Service for the year end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-four, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Mouse of Rep-
resentatives of the Uhited States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and they are hereby appropriated, to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, for the naval service
of the Government for the year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy four,
and for other purposes:
For pay of commissioned and warrant offi-
cers at sea, (including sea-pay and rations of
officers detailed or appointed as naval store-
keepers abroad,) on shore, on special service,
and of those on the retired list and unem-
ployed, and for mileage and transportation of
officers traveling under orders, and for pa.y of
the petty officers, seamen, ordinary seamen,
landsmen, and boys, including men of the
engineer's force, and for the Coast Survey ser-
vice eight thousand five hundred men, at an
average pay of three hundred dollars each per
annum, six million two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That no officer on the'
retired list of the Navy shall be employed on
active duty except in time of war : And pro
vided, That those officers on the retired list,
and those hereafter retired, who were, or who
may be, retired after forty years' service, or
on attaining the age of sixty-two years, in con-
formity with section one of the act of De-
cember, eighteen hundred aud sixty-one, and
its amendments, dated June twenty-fifth, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-four, or those who
were or may be retired from incapacity result-
ing from long and faithful service, from wounds
or injuries received in the line of duty, from
sickness or exposure therein, shall, after the
passage of tbia act, be entitled to seventy-five
per centum of the present sea-pay of the grade
or rank which they held at the time of their
retirement. The rear admirals provided for
in the act of June fifth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-two, shall be considered as having
been retired as rear admirals.
For contingent expenses of the Navy De-
partment, one hundred thousand dollars.
Bureau of Navigation.
For foreign and local pilotage and towage
of ships of war, fifty thousand dollars.
For services and materials in correcting
compasses on board ship, and for adjusting
and testing compasses on shore, three thou-
sand dollars.
For nautical and astronomical instruments,
nautical books, maps, charts, and sailing di-
rections, and repairs of nautical instruments
for ships of war, ten thousand dollars.
For books for libraries for ships of war,
three thousand dollars.
For navy signals and apparatus, namely,
signal lights, lanterns and rockets, including
running lights, drawings, and engravings for
signal books, six thousand dollars.
For compass-fittings, including binnacles,
tripods, and other appendages of ships' com-
passes, five thousand dollars.
For logs and other appliances for measuring
the ship's way, leads and other appliances for
sounding, three thousand dollars.
For lanterns and lamps, and their append-
ages, for general use on board ship, including
those for the cabin, ward-room, and steerage,
for the holds and spirit-room, for decks and
quartermaster's use, six thousand dollars.
For bunting and other materials for flags,
and making and repairing flags of all kinds,
five thousand five hundred dollars.
For oil for ships of war other than that used
for the engineer department; candles when
used as a substitute for oil in binnacles and
running lights ; for chimneys and wicks ; and
soap used in navigation department, thirty-
five thousand dollars.
For stationery for commanders and navi-
gators of vessels of war, four thousand dollars.
For musical instruments, and music for ves-
sels of war, one thousand dollars.
For steering signals and indicators, and for
speaking-tubes and gongs, for signal communi-
cation on board vessels of war, two thousand
five hundred dollars. ,
Civil establishment:
l?or pay of writers and laborers, and for
purposes incidental to the support of the civil
establishment under this bureau at the several
navy-yards, twelve thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Bureau of
Navigation :
Freight and transportation of navigation ma-
terials ; instruments,books, and stores; postage
and telegraphing; advertising for proposals;
packing boxes and materials; blank books,
forms, and stationery at navigation offices, six
thousand dollars.
For drawing, engraving, and printing and
photo lithographing charts, eleetrotyping and
correcting old plates, preparing and publish-
ing sailing directions, and other hydrographic
information, twenty thousand dollars.
For surveying in the Pacific, fifty thousand
dollars.
For making charts, including those of the
Pacific coast, thirty thousand dollars.
For fuel, lights, and office furniture; caro
of building and other labor ; purchase of books
for library, drawing materials, and other sta-
tionery ; postage, freight, and other contingent
expenses, seven thousand dollars.
For rent and repair of building, two thou-
sand eight hundred dollars.
For expenses of Naval Observatory,
namely:
For pay of one clerk, one thousand eight
hundred dollars.
For three assistant observers, at one thou-
sand five hundred dollars each.
For wages of one instrument-maker, one mes-
senger, three watchmen, and one porter; for
keeping grounds in order and repairs to build-
ings ; for fuel, light, and office furniture; and
for stationery, purchase of books for library,
chemicals for batteries, postage, and freight,
and all other contingent expenses, thirteen
thousand five hundred dollars.
For transcribing astronomical observations
upon sheets for publication, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For completing tower and dome for the new
refracting telescope, five thousand dollars.
For computations for catalogue of zone
stars observed by the United States naval astro-
nomical expedition to the southern hemisphere,
in eighteen hundred and fifty, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-one, and eighteen hundred and
fifty-two, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For switch-board, for telegraphic apparatus,
six hundred dollars.
For payment of second instalment for the
great, refracting telescope now in the course of
construction, ten thousand dollars.
For expenses of Nautical Almanac:
For pay of computers and clerk for compil-
ing and preparing for publication the Ameri-
can Ephemeris and the Nautical Almanac,
twenty thousand dollars.
For continuance of work on new planets
discovered by American astronomers, three
thousand dollars.
For rent, fuel, labor, stationery, boxes, ex-
presses, and miscellaneous items, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
Bureau of Ordnance.
For fuel and materials necessary in carrying
on the mechanical branches of the ordnance
department at the navy-yards and stations, one
hundred thousand dollars.-
For l^bor at all the navy-yards, three hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For repairs to ordnance buildings, magazines,
gun-parks, machinery, and other necessaries
of the like character, forty-seven thousand six
hundred and one dollars.
For miscellaneous items, six thousand one
hundred and fifty dollars.
For experiments in ordnance, forty thou-
sand dollars.
For the torpedo corps ;
For the purchase and manufacture of gun-
powder, nitro-glycerine, and gun-cotton, twelve
thousand dollars.
For purchase and manufacture of electrical
machines, galvanic batteries, and insulated
wire, twenty-four thousand dollars.
For purchase of copper, iron, wood, and
other materials necessary for the manufacture
of torpedoes, and for work on the same, twenty-
seven thousand dollars.
For construction of torpedo-boats, purchase
