1813.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
of coffer-work or hulks, and contingent ex-
penses, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For repairs to buildings and wharveg, four
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For labor, including one chemist at two thou-
sand dollars, pyrotechnist electrician, one fore-
man machinist at one thousand five hundred
and sixty-five dollars, and two clerks at one
thousand seven hundred dollars each, twenty-
one thousand and sixty-five dollars: Provided,
That the funds herein appropriated for the
torpedo corps shall only be used in the estab-
lishment and maintenance of torpedoes to be
operated for offensive or defensive use against
an enemy in naval warfare.
Civil establishment:
For pay of superintendents and the civil
establishment of the several navy-yards under
this bureau, fifteen thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the ordnance
service of the Navy, one thousand dollars.
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting.
For equipment of vessels:
For coal for steamers' use, including ex-
penses of transportation ; storage, labor, hemp,
wire, and other materials for the manufacture
of rope; hides, cordage, canvas, leather; iron
for manufacture of cables, anchors, and gal-
leys; condensing and boat-detaching appa-
ratus ; cables, anchors, furniture, hose, bake-
ovens, and cooking-stoves, life-rafts, heating
apparatus for receiving-ships; and for the pay-
ment of labor in equipping vessels, and man-
ufacture of articles in the navy-yards, pertain-
ing to this bureau, one million five hundred
thousand dollars.
Civil establishment at the navy-yard, Kit-
tery, Maine:
For clerk in equipment office, one thousand
four hundred dollars; for store-clerk, one
thousand one hundred dollars ; for time-clerk,
nine hundred dollars; in all, three thousand
four hundred dollars.
At the navy-yard, Charlestown, Massa-
chusetts :
For superintendent of rope-walk, one thou-
sand nine hundred dollars; clerk to same, ope
thousand two hundred dollars ; clerk in equip-
ment office, one thousandfivehundred dollars;
for store-clerk, one thousand two hundred
dollars ; time-clerk, one thousand two hundred
dollars; in all, seven thousand dollars.
At the navy-yard, Washington, District of
Columbia.
For clerk in equipment office, one thousand
five hundred dollars; and for one store and
one time-clerk, one at one thousand four hun-
dred dollars and one at one thousand two hun-
dred dollars; in all, four thousand one hundred
dollars.
At the navy-yard, Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania :
For clerk in equipment office, one thousand
four hundred dollars; for one store and one
time-clerk, at one thousand two hundred dol-
lars each; in all, three thousand eight hundred
dollars.
At the navy-yard Brooklyn, New York:
For clerk in equipment office, one thousand
five hundred dollars; and for one store and
one time-clerk, at one thousand two hundred
dollars each; in all, three thousand nine hun-
dred dollars.
At the navy-yard, Norfolk, Virginia:
For clerk in equipment office, one thousand
four hundred dollars; for store-clerk, one
thousand one hundred and twenty-five dollars ;
and for time-clerk, nine hundred dollars; in
all, three thousand four hundred and twenty-
five dollars.
At the navy-yard, Pensacola, Florida:
For equipment-office clerk, one thousand
three hundred dollars.
At the navy-yard, Mare Island, California:
For clerk in equipment office, one thousand
eight hundred and seventy-five dollars; for
store-clerk, one thousand two hundred dollarB;
in all, three thousand and seventy-five dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Bureau of
Equipment and Recruiting, namely:
For freight and transportation of stores,
transportation of enlisted men, mileage to
honorably discharged men, printing, advertis-
ing, expenses of auction-sales, telegraphing,
stationery, apprehension of deserters, assist-
ance to vessels in distress, and good-conduct
badges for enlisted men, one huudred and
twenty-five thousand dollars.
Bureau of Yards and Docks.
For civil establishment at the navy-yard,
liittery, Maine:
For draughtsman and clerk to civil engineer,
at one thousand four hundred dollars each;
for gate-keeper and detective, one thousand
dollars; and for messenger at commandant's
office, six hundred dollars; making in all,
four thousand four huudred dollars.
For establishing gas-works and piping to
light the Kittery navy-yard, twenty thousand
dollars.
At the navy-yard, Charlestown, Massachu-
setts:
For assistant to civil engineer, one thousand
five hundred dollars; for draughtsman and
clerk to civil engineer, at one thousand four
hundred dollars each: for writer to command-
ant, one thousand dollars: for gate-keeper
and detective, one thousand dollars; and for
messenger to commandant's office, six hun-
dred dollars; in all, six thousand nine hundred
dollars.
At the navy-yard, Brooklyn, New York:
For assistant to civil engineer, one thousand
five hundred dollars; for draughtsman and
clerk to civil engineer, at one thousand four
hundred dollars each : for writer to command-
ant, one thousand dollars; for gate-keeper
and detective, one thousand dollars; for mail-
carrier, nine hundred dollars; and for messen-
ger for commandant's office, six hundred dol-
lars; in all, seven thousand eight hundred
dollars.
At the navy-yard, Philadelphia, "Pennsyl-
vania :
For draughtsman and clerk to civil engineer'
one thousand four hundred dollars each; for
gate-keeper and detective, one thousand dol-
lars; and for messenger for the commandant's
office, six hundred dollars; in all, four thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
At the navy-yard, Washington, District of
Columbia:
For draughtsman and clerk to eivil engineer,
at one thousand four hundred dollars each;
for gate-keeper and detective, one thousand
dollars; for mail-messenger, one thousand dol-
lars; and for messenger for commandant's
office, six hundred dollars; in all, five thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
At the navy-yard, Norfolk, Virginia:
For draughtsman and clerk to civil engineer,
at one thousand four hundred dollars each ;
for gate-keeper and detective, one thousand
dollars; and for messenger for command-
ant's office, six hundred dollars; in all, four
thousand four hundred dollars.
For the construction of gas-works and piping
at the Norfolk navy-yard, Portsmouth, Vir-
ginia, ten thousand dollars.
At the navy-yard, Pensacola, Florida:
For superintendent of yard improvements,
two thousand dollars; for gate-keeper and de-
tective, one thousan 1 dollars; for messenger
for the office of the commandant, six hundred
dollars; in all, three thousand six hundred
dollars.
At the navy-yard, Mare Island, California:
For assistant to civil engineer and draughts-
man, oue thousand eight hundred dollars; for
clerk to civil engineer, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars; for gate-keeper and detective,
one thousand dollars; and for messenger for
commandant's office, seven hundred and fifty
dollars; in all, five thousand and fifty dollars.
At the naval station, League Island, Penn-
sylvania :
For draughtsman and clerk to civil engineer,
at one thousand four hundred dollars each ; in
all, two thousand eight hundred dollars.
At the naval asylum, Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania :
For superintendent, six hundred dollars ;
steward, four hundred and eighty dollars;
matron, three hundred and sixty dollars ; cook,
two hundred and forty dollars ; assistant cook,
one huudred and sixty-eight dollars; chief
lauudress, one hundred andninety-two dollars ;
three laundresses, at one hundred and sixty-
eight dollars each ; eight scrubbers and wait-
ers, at one hundred and sixty-eight dollars
each; six laborers, at two hundred and forty
dollars each ; stable-keeper and drivers, three
hundred and sixty dollars ; masters-at-arms,
four hundred and eighty dollars; corporal,
three hundred dollars; barber, three hundred
and sixty dollars ; for furniture, and repairs of
the same, one thousand dollars ; house-clean-
ing and white washing, eight hundred dollars ;
furnaces, grates, and ranges, six hundred dol-
lars ; gas and water rent, one thousand lour
hundred dollars; repairs of all kinds, five
thousand dollars; improvement of cemetery,
two thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars ;
and for support of beneficiaries, forty thou-
sand dollars; in all, fifty-eight thousand four
hundred and seventy-eight dollars; which sum
shall be paid out of the income from the naval
pension fund.
For general maintenance of yards and
docks, viz :
For general expenses of the Bureau of
Yards and Docks; freight and transportation
of materials and stores; printing, stationery,
and advertising, including the commandant's
office; books, models, maps, and drawings;
purchase and repair of fire-engines; machinery
and patent-rights to use the same; repairs on
steam engines and attendance on the same;
purchase and maintenance of oxen and horses,
and driving teams, carts, and timber wheels
for use in the navy-yards, and tools and repairs
of same; postage and telegrams; furniture
for Government houses and offices in the
navy-yards ; coal and other fuel; candles, oil,
and gas ; cleaning and clearing up yards, and
care of buildings ; attendance on fires; lights;
fire-engines and apparatus; incidental labor
at navy-yards; water tax, and for toll and fer-
riages; pay of the watchmen in the navy-
yards; and for flags, awnings, and packing-
boxes, and for -contingent expenses of yards
and docks, not exceeding forty thousand dol-
lars, nine huudred thousand dollars.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery.
For support of the medical department for
surgeons' necessaries for vessels in commis-
sion, navy-yards, naval stations, Marine corps,
and Coast Survey, forty thousand dollars.
For necessary repairs of Naval Laboratory,
hospitals, and appendages, including roads,
wharves, cemeteries, out-houses, steam-heat-
ing apparatus, side-walks, fences, gardens,
and farms, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For pay of the civil establishment under
this bureau:
At the hospital at Chelsea, Massachusetts,
seven thousand seven hundred and eighty-two
dollars.
At the hospital, New York, eleven thousand
three hundred and thirty-two dollars.
