1878.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
617
Congress deliberately Abrogate this Cherokee
treaty ? Simply because it considered it pol-
itic and expedient to do so; it did not ransack
treaties to see whether it could do so; it did
not prostrate itself before the majestic abo-
rigine and ask permission to do so ; bat believ-
ing it expedient, quietly proceeded to annul
the treaties and expunge from our political
lexicon the phrase " Indians not taxed."
The bill under consideration is very tender
on the treaty rights of the Indians; it does not
interfere with the score of little ridiculous
Indian sovereignties, some of which do not
exceed fifty subjects ; it does not permit white
emigration and settlement of the lands, but
simply organizes a general government over
them as all their treaties expressly provide.
The seventh article of the Choctaw and
Chickasaw treaty of 1866 reads as follows:
"The Choctaws and Chickasaws agree to such
legislation as Congress and the President of the
United States may deem necessary for the better
administration of justioe and the protection of the
rights of persons and property within the Indian
territory: Provided, however. Such legislation shall
not in anywise interfere with or annul their present
tribal organization or their respective Legislatures
or judiciaries, or the rights, laws, privileges, or
customs ot the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations,
respectively."
The other treaties contain the same stipula-
tions; this bill is strictly within the bounds of
the proviso I have quoted, and consequently
is in strict accordance with the treaties. I
would gladly vote for a measure that would
extinguish these miserable Indian nationalities,
for they are a burlesque on government, as I
will presently show ; but the bill reported by
the committee is better than nothing, and I
shall vote for it. We are met, however, when
we uudertake to legislate for this Indian terri-
tory, by quotations from obsolete treaties,
having nothing whatever to do with the subject
at issue. Indian delegates, who are getting
"ten dollars a day and all expenses," and
their numerous attorneys, who have contracts
with them involving millions of money, which
is to be fairly divided with their clients, enter
solemn protests against the passage of any bill
however strictly it may conform to the treaties.
N o wonder; it is but human nature ; depraved
and selfish, it is true, but still human nature;
for as long as this question is unsettled, just
as long as it is agitated, a set of demagogues
known as " Indian delegates" will infest the
Departments of this Government and squan-
der the money belonging to their poor and
deceived people. Why, sir, I am sure I speak
within bounds when I say that the Cherokee
delegates have squandered during the last
four years more than one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars of the money belonging to
their people alone. As an illustration of the
patriotism of these Indian delegates, and to
show their real character, I will relate one
little exploit of theirs which can readily be
substantiated by proof. In ransacking the
records of the Indian Bureau some time since
an unexpended appropriation of $11,000 was
found due the Cherokee nation, which had
for years been overlooked ; these patriotic
delegates managed to draw the money, di-
vided it among themselves, and have never
acconnted to their people for a dollar of it.
This is the character of the men who draw
their "ten dollars a day and expenses" try-
ing to defeat the plain intent of their own
treaties.
Pass this bill and their occupation will be
gone, and the thousands of dollars which they
feloniously obtain from their deluded people
can be saved and used in a better cause.
The protests of these Indian delegates
against this bill are unworthy of a moment's
consideration ; first, because they are protests
against the spirit and letter of their own trea-
ties, and secondly, because they are actuated
by (lie most selfish and dishonest motives.
W hy, sir, these Indian delegates attempt to
duixive Congress by falsely asserting that their
people are unanimous in their opposition to
any territorial organization, and that the move-
ment originated with railroad corporations.
We have the testimony of better men than they
from thi3 Indian country that there is a large
and increasing number of Indians in favor of
any legislation that will give them a better
government, while the records show that this
territorial scheme originated ten years ago,
long before the railroad companies so fiercely
denounced had an existence. But I have
shown that these delegates in protesting against
this bill repudiate their own treaties which
authorize it. By reference to their official re-
Sort published in the Cherokee Advocate, of
fovember 16, 1872, it will be seen that these
lofty delegates claim that their little " nation
and people are entitled by nature to all the
rights ot sovereignty, self-governmeBt, protec-
tection and respect that any other free and
sovereign people had or could have." What
superb nonsense! and yet by just such ridicu-
lous assumptions these men impose upon the
vanity and credulity of their simple-minded
people, and get themselves sent back to Wash-
ington to draw their " ten dollars a day and
expenses."
These Indian nations have not a single at-
tribute of sovereignty in point of fact; no
Cherokee or Choctaw Indian can sell a plug
of tobacco in his own-reservation without pay-
ing tax to the United States as a retail dealer
in tobacco; the chief of any of these " sov-
ereignties" can be arrested at any time by
any deputy United States marshal and taken
into the State of Arkansas for trial; the Uni-
ted States laws are extended over the whole
Indian territory, and hundreds of Indians are
every year tried and punished in the United
States court in Arkansas for offenses com-
mitted in their own country; and yet these
simpletons talk about being sovereign aud
independent. I have shown that tne Indian
tribes occupying this territory have solemnly
declared in their treaties that Congress may
legislate as it seems necessary for the better
protection of persons and property. Now
these delegates are paid ten dollars a day and
their expenses to represent everything lovely
in their various "sovereignties," aud the
board of Indian commissioners declare in
their report that " life and property are more
safe among them and there are fewer viola-
tions of law than in the Territories."
Now, sir, the United States district court
; for the western district of Arkansas has juris-
diction over this territory, and nine tenths of
the business in that court comes Irotn the In-
dian territory. If there is such respect for
the rights of person and property, how happens
it that that court costs more than any United
States court in any other Territory ; that more
deputy marshals are required in that territory
than in any other; that the criminal docket is
; twice as large as the criminal docket of any
' other United States court in any other Terri-
, tory ? But a year ago the country was startled
by the assassination of eight or ten United
, States marshals, shot down like dogs while in
the discharge of their duty in the Cherokee
nation. Who was the chief actor in that
bloody scene? A Cherokee named Proctor.
' He stands indicted to-day in the United States
court for the western district of Arkansas for
assault with intent to kill and for murder;
yet he roams about the Cherokee nation, with
some forty armed desperadoes, protected by
the Cherokee government, and defying arrest
by the United States authorities. More than
this, sir, a Cherokee citizen who obeyed the
summons of the United States marshal and
acted as one of his posse has been indicted
for murder by the Cherokee courts, his offense
being that he was one of the posse of the Uni-
ted States marshal when the bloody affray took
place. This Cherokee is now an exile from
i. his own country, for well he knows it is the
i deliberate purpose of the miserable Cherokee
I governinent to murder him if he should fall
I into their hands. This man is to be murdered
been,use be obeyed the summons of a United
States marshal, and yet we are told that these
assassins are a quiet, law-abiding people.
The statement of the board of commission-
ers is not true. I live on the border and know
of my own personal knowledge that it is not
true. There is not a solitary man acquainted
with the political condition of that country
but who knows that life and property are more
unsafe in the Indian territory than anywhere
else in the United States where there is any
pretension to enforce the laws for the protec-
tion of life and property. I challenge any
gentleman to mention a community iu the
world where there is greater despotism of
ignorance and prejudice than exists to-day in
the little so-called sovereignty of the Cherokee
nation. Thiere, sir, at this very day, assassin-
ation is the rule and not the exception. There
has been for the last seventeen years in that
nation a secret society called the "Pins,"
whose damnable and murderous objects make
in contrast all the painted deformity of the
Ku Klux lovely to behold.
I quote from the testimony of one of the
leading Cherokee delegates, Colonel William
Penn Adair, now at this capital, in confirma-
tion of what I have said.
The Piu Society, says this delegate, in a
pamphlet which he signed in 1866, was organ-
ized five years before the war.
"The purpose of this secret sooiety was to securo
and perpetuate tho power of Mr. Ross and his
frienas, by arraying the great mass of the fall-bloods
against the half-bloods and white men of the na-
tion ; to inflame and excite the innate prejudices
of caste among the Indians, and thus enable dema-
gogues, peculators of the public funds, and mur-
derers, to enjoy in security their ill-gotten gains.
" This is not empty declamation ; it is the expres-
sion of facts as testified to by many who formerly
belonged to the society, but abandoned it upon
ascertaining its diabolical objects, and have ever
since remained its most steadlast and bitter oppo-
nents. The better class of the members of this
' league,' and many of the most intelligent and in-
fluential full-bloods among our people, repudiated
the brotherhood in diBgust befcre the war, and have
aoted with what is termed the ' Watie party.'
The members of this society held their meetings
upon the hill-tops and in the deep recesses of the
valleys; not, as shamelessly alleged, ' to inculcate
fidelity to treaty obligations upon the young and
old,'but rather to deliberate upon the most effect-
ive plan to crush their hated opponents and secure
absolute power in the hands of the favored few not
included in the general proscription.
" It is well understood that at such meetings the
question of assassinating prominent citizens of the
nation obnoxious to the order was frequently dis-
cussed and voted upon; murders were committed
in pursuance of their decisions.
The ' Katoowha sooiety' had its signs, grips, and
passwords; its members at one time wore a pin as
a badge of membership and identity; and this be-
coming known, furnished an appropriate name for
the mysterious organization, by which it will ever
be known, ' The Pin society. "
There are two parties in the Cherokee
nation, Mr. Speaker; one is the advocate of
progress, civilization, and enlightenment; the
other is tbe champion of ignorance and bar-
barism. The latter maintains its ascendency
by assassination and murder. This same
Cherokee delegate says concerning these par-
ties :
"One generation has already passed away since
the origin of our domestic difficulties; ten genera-
tions to come, if our blood shall then flow in the
veins of men, will not obliterate their memory or
quench the undying hate which now exists between
the two parties of Cherokees."
If a man abandons his principles and joins
this secret society he may expect favor and
promotion ; as in the instance of this delegate,
who, I learn, has joined this bloody organiza-
tion and is sent here to draw his "ten dollars
a day and expenses " as a reward.
This Cherokee delegate further testifies that
" instead of preserving public order and pro-
tecting life and property, the result of the
policy of the Cherokee nation has been the
very reverseand further he declares that
"there was no protection for life and prop-
erty in the Cherokee nation for years before
the war." He says, "a licensed banditti com-
missioned by the chief, composed of members
of whut is luiowu as tlie ' Pin society,' roamed
about the country, plundering and murdering
