1582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
incur no charge for transportation, so that the
extra size of the stones does not cause them
any additional expense.
Oh, I know, Mr. Chairman, in this matter
the interest of the rings who control in these
things is in this direction. Those rings have
more antennas sticking out than the devil-fish
has. [Laughter.] They are in this House.
They are in the Senate. Talk about your
Credit Mobilierl It is nothing to these other
rings; your granite rings, your stone-cutting
rings, and your other huge monopolies for
plundering the Treasury in this House and in
the other. The whole thing is rotten from
head to foot 1 Talk to me about other rings!
They are nothing to these rings. Of course
you can make them scapegoats for other hugher
sins, but let me tell you they do not carry all
the sins by any means. Every private that
makes a contract lets it out to competition,
and there is no chance for a ring then. He
lets it out to the lowest responsible bidder.
His architect is on the ground to see that
contract is carried out. When it comes to
Government buildings that is an entirely dif-
ferent thing. Then it seems the Government
has more money than it knows what to do
with, money that does not belong to anybody,
and it is shoveled out, and shoveled out by
millions, in order to put it into the hands and
pockets of these "rings." They make con-
tracts with men selected for the purpose.
They do not open them to competition by pub-
lic bidders. If that were done, then honest
men would have a chance, and we would get
our buildings erected for less money. But
such an honest way would be the death to
these rings.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I do not
know what the gentleman means by insisting
the gentlemen alluded to as contractors for
the Treasury Department and for the post-
office work belong to a "ring," and that
" rings " are in this House and in the Senate.
I submit to the gentleman from Illinois it is
quite time men who make charges should back
them up by some sort of testimony. I do not
know to whom he alludes by "rings." I
know those gentlemen whom he has singled
out by name do not belong to any "ring,"
and nobody represents them in any "ring"
in this House, or in the Senate, or in the
country. They have no more connection with
any association or combination of men here or
elsewhere than my friend from Illinois, to put
as strong a case as I possibly can.
Sir, they are above and outside of any such
charge as that; and however there may be
occasion for my friend from Illinois to raise his
voice against rings, which I do not undertake
to oppose at all or obstruct at all, or to impair
the force of what he says, I insist upon it he
ought to discriminate in his charges, and if
there be honest and honorable men dealing
with the Government of the United States,
instead of being gathered indiscriminately in
that gross charge of being cheats, they should
have our countenance and support rather than
this indiscriminate denunciation of his. That
is all I care to say, sir._ I do not care to attack
the gentleman from Illinois, or to oppose him
in any effort to reduce these expenditures or to
break up rings; but I insist on it, if he has
one particle of testimony that the gentlemen
whom he has seen fit to call by name ever be-
longed to any ring, or are guilty of defrauding
the Government to the amount of one dollar,
he shall produce it here, or let those gentlemen
alone and turn his attention to those, if such
there be, who do belong to rings.
[Here the hammer fell.]
order of business.
The committee rose, and the Speaker took
the chair.
The SPEAKER. This being the third Fri-
day of the month, at two o'clock, under the
rule, the business in order is the reception of
reports from the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to sus-
pend the rules in order that we may proceed
with the consideration of the appropriation
bill to the exclusion of all other orders.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I ask the gentleman
not to make that motion until I 
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I insist on my
motion.
The House divided on the motion to suspend
the. rules and go into the Committee of the
Whole; and there were—ayes 112, noes 21.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays. I do so for this reason 
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I want to say a
word.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to debate.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I think, if I were
permitted to make a single statement 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] objects to de-
bate, and it is the duty of the Chair to enforce
the objection.
The question being taken on ordering the
yeas and nays, there were—ayes twelve.
So (the affirmative not being one fifth of the
last vote) the yeas and nays were not ordered ;
and the motion that the rules be suspended
and the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the special order was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
when the House resolves itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole all debate on the pending
paragraph of the sundry civil appropriation
bill be closed in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
sundry civil appropriation bill.
The House then resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Tyher in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 3921) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1874, and for other pur-
poses.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all debate on the pending paragraph is limited
to five minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH rose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] to
yield half his time to my colleague on the com-
mittee, the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Sargent.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to do so. I desire to reply to the remarks
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] just before the committee rose.
The gentleman said that I called names to par-
ticular men. I have not called names at all.
When I spoke of rings extending to this House,
I had allusion generally to public buildings
rings.
Mr. DAWES. What I complained of was
the statement of the gentleman that certain men
were the sair° men who took the contract for
the Treasury Department and now have the New
York building, and that they were cheating
then and are cheating now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not use that
expression. It was the gentleman who used
it himself. 1 said that according to the report
of the gentleman from California [Mr. Sab-
gent] they were cheating then.
Mr. DAWES. And according to the report
you have referred to you say they are cheating
now?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will tell the gen-
tleman how that is. Here is a report made
by the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads of the last Congress, signed by J. F.
Farnsworth, T. W. Ferry, now Senator from
Michigan, James N. Tyner, S. H. Boyd,
George M. Adams, J. S. Smith, in which we
say that these contracts made with the Dix
Island Company and the Cape Ann Granite
Company were both illegal; and we wind up
by saying this:
"The committee also recommend that the con-
tracts with the Dix Island Company and the Cape
Ann Granite Company be annulled, and that no
further appropriation be made/or these buildings
without a provision limiting their cost, and making
it the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury, or
other officer charged with the responsibility, to see
to it that plans are perfected and proper contracts
made for the entire completion of the buildings
within the amounts thus limited."
Mr. DAWES. You say they were not by
law authorized to make the contract.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We showed that
the contracts in both of these cases were viola-
tions of law, that they were frauds upon the
Treasury; that they enabled these parties to
get money where they ought not to have got it.
And in one case, that of the Dix Island Com-
pany, the contractors were the same men as
were reported against once before.
Now, if a committee of this House finds that
a contractor has been guilty of defrauding the
Government in one case, I say a contract
should not be made with the same man again.
We have a law in reference to the Post Office
Department that the Postmaster General shall
not contract a second time with a man who has
been found guilty of fraud. And we had a
report giving all the facts, signed by the gentle-
man from California, [Mr. Sargent,] declar-
ing that these men were committing a fraud
on the Treasury.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. The report which I made
in the Thirty-Seventh Congress has hardly
occurred to my mind since that time, and I
have now taken it up hastily to see if the recol-
lections I have to-day, faint as they are, agree
with the representations made by my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] I find by
reference to the report that we submitted two
propositions: first, that there was extravagance
in the expenditure of money for public build-
ings, and that was under the contract system,
as we show by the testimony; second, that
buildings, which, to the inexperienced eye,
seemed solid structures, were really not solid
structures. We went on to show that in the
case of certain persons there was evidence of
an increase of expenditures on their part by
reason of their using large stones, and we con-
cluded that on the score of economy the use
of large stones should be abandoned, and since
then the use of large stones has been aban-
doned and small stones have been used in
tbsii* stc&d
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The contract made
with the Dix Island Company was very nearly
like the contract which the same parties made
with reference to the Treasury Department.
_ Mr. SARGENT. My experience at that
time was that the scale of measurement was
good unless carried to an absurdity. The
measurement of the stone was fair to the Gov-
ernment and fair to the parties.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was put on Mr. Fakn'sworth's
amendment ; and there were—ayes 39, noes
59 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Farnsworth
and Mr. Garfield of Ohio, were appointed.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I ask that the.
amendment be again reported. I think that
no gentleman who understands it will vote
against it.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to modify
my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is
too late ; the committee have already divided
on the question, and tellers have been or-
dered.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is there any objec
tion to my modifying the amendment?
Mr. SARGENT. I object.
