282
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
At the hospital, Philadelphia, Pennsylva-
nia, six thousand nine hundred and ninety
dollars.
At the hospital, Washington, District of Co-
lumbia, four thousand nine hundred and twenty-
six dollars. '
At the hospital, Annapolis, Maryland, four
thousand five hundred and twelve dollars.
At the hospital, Norfolk, Virginia, five thou-'
sand four hundred and six dollars.
At the hospital, Pensacola, Florida, five
thousand and ninety-four dollars.
At the hospital, Mare Island, California,
eight thousand eight hundred and seventy-two
dollars.
At the hospital at Yokohama, Japan, two
thousand four hundred and seventy-eight dol-
lars.
At the naval laboratory, New York, six thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
At the navy-yard, Charlestown, Massachu-
setts, one thousand four hundred and eighty
dollars.
At the navy-yard, New York, one thousand
four hundred and eighty dollars.
At the navy-yard, Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, one thousand four hundred and eighty
dollars.
At the navy-yard, Washington, District of
Columbia, one thousand four hundred and
eighty dollars.
At the navy-yard, Norfolk, Virginia, one
thousand four hundred and eighty dollars.
At the Naval Academy, Annapolis, Mary-
land, one thousand two hundred and forty-two
dollars.
At the naval station, Mound City, Illinois,
one thousand four hundred and eighty dol-
lars.
At the navy-yard, Kittery, Maine, one thou-
sand two hundred and ninety dollars.
For contingent expenses of the bureau,
freight on medical stores, transportation of
insane patients to the Government hospital,
advertising, telegraphing, purchase of books,
expenses attending the naval medical board of
examiners, purchase and repair of wagons,
harness, purchase and feed of horses, cows,
trees, garden tools and seeds, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing.
For provisions for the officers, seamen, and
marines, one million five hundred and forty-
seven thousand and six huudrcd dollars...
For purchase of water for ships, forty thou-
sand dollars.
For pay of the civil establishment at the
several navy-yards under this bureau :
At the navy yard, Boston,.Massachusetts:
Two writers, one to paymaster and one to
inspector of provisions and clothing, at one
thousand and seventeen dollars and twenty-
five cents each; in all, two thousand and
thirty-four dollars and fifty cents.
At the navy-yard, Brooklyn, New York:
Two writers to paymasters, at one thousand
and seventeen dollars and twenty-live cents
each ; assistant to inspector of provisions and
clothing, one thousand eight hundred and
seventy-eight dollars; writer to inspector of
provisions and clothing, one thousand and
seventeen dollars and twenty-five cents; assist-
ant superintendent of mills, nine hundred and
thirty-nine dollars; in all, five thousand eight
hundred and sixty-eight dollars and seventy-
five cents.
At the navy-yard, Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania :
One writer to paymaster, one thousand and
seventeen dollars and twenty-five cents ; one
writer to inspector of provisions and clothing,
one thousand and seventeen dollars and twen-
ty-five cents; in all, two thousand and thirty-
four dollars and fifty cents.
At the navy-yard, Washington, District
of Columbia:
One writer to paymaster, one thousand and
seventeen dollars and twenty-five cents.
At the navy-yard, Norfolk, Virginia :
One writer to paymaster, one thousand and
seventeen dollars and twenty-five cents.
At the navy-yard, Mare Island, California:
One writer to paymaster, at one thousand
and seventeen dollars and twenty-five cents;
one writer to inspector of provisions and cloth-
ing, one thousand two hundred and ninety-five
dollars and fifty cents; in all, two thousand
three hundred and twelve dollars and seventy-
five cents.
For contingent expenses:
For freight and transportation to foreign and
home stations; candles ; fuel; interior altera-
tions and fixtures in inspection buildings; tools,
and repairing same at eightinspections; special
watchmen in eight inspections; books and
blanks; stationery; telegrams; postages and
express charges; tolls, ferriages, and car tick-
ets; ice; and incidental labor not chargeable
to other appropriations, seventy-five thousand
dollars.
Bureau of Construction and Repairs.
For the construction of eight steam vessels
of war, three million two hundred thousand
dollars ; this appropriation to be available from
the passage of this act.
For preservation of vessels on the stocks and
iu ordinary; purchase of materials and stores
of all kinds; labor in navy-yards and on for-
eign stations; preservation of materials; pur-
chase of tools; wear, tear, and repair of ves-
sels afloat, and general maintenance of the
Navy; incidental expenses, advertising and
foreign postages, three million five hundred
thousand dollars.
For protection of timber lands, five thou-
sand dollars.
Civil establishment at the navy-yard, Kit-
tery,. Maine:
For draughtsman, one thousand four hun-
dred dollars; clerk of store houses, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars; inspector of tim-
ber, clerk to naval constructor, time-clerk, and
superintendent of floating-dock, at one thou-
sand four hundred dollars each; in all, eight
thousand five hundred dollars.
At the navy-yard, Charlestown, Massa-
chusetts :
For draughtsman to naval constructor, one
thousand four hundred dollars; clerk to naval
constructor, inspector of timber, time-clerk,
at one thousand- five hundred dollars each;
clerk of store houses, one thousand two hun-
dred dollars; in all, seven thousand one hun-
dred dollars.
At the navy-yard, Brooklyn, New York:
For draughtsman to naval constructor, one
thousaud .four hundred dollars; clerk to naval
constructor, inspector of timber, aud time-
clerk, at one thousaud five hundred dollars
each'; and clerk of store houses, one thousaud
two hundred dollars; in all, seven thousand
one hundred dollars.
At the navy-yard, Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania :
For draughtsman to naval constructor, one
thousand four hundred dollars; clerk of store-
houses, one thousand two hundred dollars ;
inspector of timber, clerk to naval constructor,
time-clerk, and superintendent of floating-dock,
at one thousand four hundred dollars each ; in
all, eight thousand seven hundred dollars.
At the navy-yard, Washington, District of
Columbia:
For draughtsman to naval constructor, one
thousand four hundred dollars; clerk to naval
constructor and clerk of store houses, inspector
of timber and time-clerk, at one thousand two
hundred dollars each; in all, six thousand two
hundred dollars.
At the navy-yard, Norfolk, Virginia:
For draughtsman to naval constructor and
•clerk of store houses, at one thousand four
hundred dollars each; time-clerk, one thou-
sand two hundred dollars; in all, four thousand
dollars.
At the navy-yard, Pensacola, Florida:
For clerk of store houses, one thousand four
hundred dollars.
At the navy-yard, Mare Island, California:
For draughtsman to naval constructor, one
thousand four hundred dollars; inspector of
timber, clerk of store houses, clerk to naval
constructor, superintendent of floating-dock,
and time-clei;k, at one thousand five hundred
dollars each ; in all, eight thousaud nine hun-
dred dollars.
Bureau of Steam Engineering.
For repairs and preservation of machinery
and boilers on naval vessels, one million dol-
lars.
For fitting, repair, and preservation of yard
machinery and tools, fifty thousand dollars.
For labor in navy-yards and stations, not
before included, and incidental expenses, one
hundred thousand dollars.
For purchase and preservation of oils, coal,
iron, and all materials and stores, four hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For completing five pairs of compound en-
gines and accompanying boilers for the third-
rate vessels Marion, Vandalia, Swatara,Quinne-
baug, and Galena, and other vessels, seven
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Civil establishment at the navy-yard,
Portsmouth, New Hampshire:
For draughtsman, one thousand six hundred
dollars ; clerk to chief engineerand store-clerk,
at one thousand four hundred dollars each ;
and time-clerk, one thousand two hundred
dollars ; in all, five thousand six hundred dol-
lars.
At the navy-yard, Charlestown, Massa-
chusetts :
For draughtsman, one thousand six hundred
dollars; clerk to chief engineer and store clerk,"
at one thousand four hundred dollars each ;
and time-clerk, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars ; in all, five thousand six hundred dollars.
At the navy-yard, Brooklyn, New York :
For draughtsman, one thousand six hundred
dollars; clerktochiefengineerandstore clerk,
at one thousand four 'hundred dollars each ;
and time-clerk, one thousand two hundred
dollars; in all, five thousand six hundred
dollars.
At the navy-yard, Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania.'
For draughtsman, one thousand six hundred
dollars; clerk to chief engineer and store-clerk,
at one thousand four hundred dollars each ;
and time-clcrk, one thousand two hundred
dollars ; in all, five thousand six hundred dol-
lars.
At the navy-yard, Washington, District of
Columbia:
For draughtsman, one thousand six hundred
dollars ; clerkto chief engineerand store-clerk,
at one thousand four hundred dollars each ;
and time-clerk, one thousand" two hundred dol-
lars ; in all, five thousand six hunded dollars.
At the navy-yard, Norfolk, Virginia:
For draughtsman, one thousand six hundred
dollars ; clerk to chief engineer and store-clerk,
at one thousand four hundred dollars each ;
and time-clerk, one thousand two hundred
dollars ; in all, five thousand six hundred dol-
lars.
