1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
protection of life and property in the Iudian
territory."
This board of Indian commissioners makes
another mistake in its eagerness to sustain
this reign of ignorance and crime in the Indian
country. They make special allusion to the
patriotism of these Indians in the late war,
asserting that they furnished " six thousand
soldiers to the Union Army." Now the truth
is, Mr. Speaker, the Cherokees, as one man,
according to the testimony of their principal
chief, made a treaty with the rebel govern-
ment, and the present chief of the Cherokee
nation, Mr. W. P. Rosa, was the lieutenant
colonel of the first Cherokee rebel regiment,
and as such was at the battle of Pea Ridge;
aud his regiment it was that scalped the
wounded and dead soldiers of an Indiana regi-
ment, whose spirits stand to-day on the watch-
towers of the skies bearing testimony against
them. This same chief, Ross, was one of
the signers of the treaty with the rebel gov-
ernment. Colonel William P. Adair, another
Cherokee delegate here, who furnishes such
important testimony concerning the "Pin
society," was a colonel of a Cherokee rebel
regiment. Nine tenths of the Choctaws and
Chickaaaws and four fifths of the Creeks and
Seminoles were in the rebel army; the less
said about the services of these Indians in the
Union Army the better for them.
There is another important illusion at-
tempted to be perpetrated by this amiable com-
mission. They make an exhibit of the land cul-
tivated and the prod acts produced in this Indian
territory, showing that more land is cultivated
and more corn and wheat, &c., produced therein
than in any other Territory of the U nit"d States.
Now anybody at all familiar with the product-
ive population of the people in the Indian
country knows that out of the forty-five thou-
sand men, women, and children among the
civilized tribes, twenty thousand are negroes
and white people, fifteen thousand being
negroes and the rest whites; and that nine
tenths of the products produced are raised by
these negroes and whites, for with very rare
exceptions the Indians will not work. So
much for this roBe-water exhibit of the in-
dustry and enterprise of the Indians.
In further evidence of the unreliability of
the report of this Indian commission I quote
the following paragraph from page 13 of their
report:
"In 1871 the cotton crop of the Indian territory
was about two hundred and seventy thousand
pounds. This year the amount is increased; and
that the quality of the crop is good may be inferred
from the fact that specimens exhibited at the fair
of the St. Louis Agricultural and Mechanical Asso-
ciation received three premiums, amounting respect-
ively to $500, {250, and 8100."
Now these amiable Quakers ought to have
known that a separate premium was offered
by the St. Louis fair for the three best grades
of cotton raised in the Indian country; and
that had there been only three bales of cotton
offered at the St. Loais fair from the Indian
country they would have been entitled to the
three premiums mentioned; and that the cot-
ton exhibited at that fair did not come into
competition with the cotton raised in any other
part of the United States. They ought to have
known also that eighteen twentieths of the cot-
ton raised in the Indian territory was raised
in the Chickasaw nation^ and ninety nine
hundredths of that was raised by white and
black labor, right along the borders of the dis-
trict I represent. When you come to sift this
grandiloquent report of the board of Indian
commissioners down to its proper consistency,
you will find that it proves either the dishon
esty or the ignorance of its members.
Sir, the all-wise Creator, who watches over
the destinies of nationalities and of men,
never intended or designed that the most pro-
ductive and favored poition of this continent
should be consecrated to barbarism ; and to
build n Chinese wall siround seventy-five thou-
■and square miles of territory in the very heart
of this country would be a crime against Chris-
tianity, civilization, trade, and commerce, and
the rights which inure to every American citi
zen, which this Congress should ponder well
before committing.
But it will be said by gentlemen who differ
with me, "These Indians are not barbarians,
but upon the contrary a people enjoying a
high state of civilisation." If that be true, in-
spire them with the true spirit of Americanism,
make them citizens, place the ballot in their
hands, that the meritorious may be rewarded
and the industrious encouraged to nobler ex-
ertions. If they be wild and savage, they
should be made to yield to the demands of
trade and commerce; if they are susceptible i
of civilization, it is manifestly unjust to deny
them the privileges of citizenship. In either
event the propriety of a territorial government
in that country is to my mind clear.
A recent number of the St. Louis Repub-
lican, a leading journal of the West, contains
an editorial which doubtless represents the
popular judgment in that section on this sub-
ject. As it contains a notice of myself, I
appeal to the magnanimity of the House to
forgive the bad taste of referring to it; but
the points are put so clearly and tersely that
1 incorporate the article as a part of my
remarks:
"We admit that it is a principle of law that con-
tracts should be held inviolate; but it is also a para-
mount principle of right that the great and general
interests of a whole nation should not be compro-
mised or imperiled for the benefit of a few indi-
viduals ; that ignorance on the part of the contract- j
ing parties as to the true effect and meaning of the i
contract morally absolves either one of them from
the responsibility of performance. The Indians
probably had a poor understanding of the bearing
of those treaties when they were made, and certainly
the Government of the United States acted with
very little more enlightenment. Both acted igno-
rantly, for that matter, and without any regard to
the requirements of the future, although the mis-
take now is very much in favor of the Indians.
As to obtaining their consent to abrogate these
treaties, their semi-civilization and the shrewdness
springing from admixture of the white element ren-
der it difficult to accomplish; but, according to Mr.
Sargent, unless this consent isobtained things must
remain as they are for all time. To the people of
Texas, Kansas, Arkansas, Missouri, and other States
and Territories, this doctrine works an unendurable
hardship. Here is the Indian territory—a vast
stretch of fertile land, set in the heart of the conti-
nent—creating the constant annoyance of a foreign
frontier, interfering with the development and inter-
communication of half a dozen or more States,
retarding the progress of national prosperity, and
not only undeveloped itself, but without any proper
social organization or administration of law; where
there is neither freedom of speech nor of actios, and
where assassination threatens the expression of
opinion and barbaric atrocities have been commit-
ted. Must this territory remain forever intact? Is
there no way of relieving the internal growth of the
nation from the incubus that oppresses it ? These
are questions of great moment and importance and
cannot be answered by any sentimental sophistries
as to the ' consideration' given by the Indians
when they surrendered territory half a century ago
which they could not hold.
" We have no desire to involve ourselves in the
abstruse question as to the origin of the rights of
property, but we do not believe the aborigines of
"North America could ever be said to own or occupy
the vast continent over which they roamed. The
Saxon race, which reclaimed it from the wilderness,
are the true owners, and while we believe the In-
dians should be protected in all legitimate rights we
do not believe that a portion of them should be
guarantied the possession of an immense tract of
land to the prejudice of the whole nation. In any
event the thing cannot be done, and Congress should
provide in some legal and formal manner for a
necessity which, if neglected, will work its own rem-
edy by unsanctioned means. ££ven if the treaties
under which this territory was established were un-
alterable in character we believe their stimulations
have been violated in various ways by the Indians
themselves, by internal crime and disorder, by acts
of war against United States citizens on the frontier,
and other matters unnecessary to enumerate. But
on this subject we can do no better than give an
extract from the speech of Mr. Connek, of Texas,
during the debate alluded to above:
' " ' The remarks of my friend from California [Mr.
Sabgent] suggests to me a question which I desire
him to answer. He tells this House and the country
that there is no power within this Government to
disregard the treaties now existing with these In-
dians; that such disregard of them would be in vio-
lation of the provisions of the Constitution of the
United States. Now I desire him to answer whether
the Constitution contemplates an independent sov-
ereignty and distinct nationality within the juris-
diction of the United States, and whether the treaty-
making power does not recognize each Indian tribe
as an independent nationality? Yet we are called
upon to support these tribes from year to year, and
we are edified at every session of Congress with the
reports of the various Indian commissions who havo
the management of those Indians.'
**********
'"Another thing, they obstruct the progress of
civilization. That territory has become surrounded
by organized States, and the business interests of
the country demand it shall be opened up to settle-
ment. If we are to regard these treaties as a per-
manent institution, I am left to infer that there is
no possible contingency in the remote future on
which the people of Missouri, Kansas, Texas, and
of this whole nation can hang a hope that these In-
dians will ever be removed and we shall ever have
permission to have another railroad from the North
to Texas." * * * * " Do not talk to me
about civilization when the gentleman from Ne-
braaka[Mr.llafke] will tell you that the McCormick
reapers which you have shipped West to the Indians
have been split up for kindling-wood for the last
fifteen years. You are appropriating here for the
purchase of seed corn for these Indians. You have
been appropriating money for the same purpose for
the same tribes for the last ten or fifteen years, and
they never yet have been able'to produoe any for
themselves.
"' Mr. Chairman, this whole policy from the be-
ginning to the end is wrong. I do not hold the
President responsible; I do not hold the Interior
Department responsible, but I do hold responsible
friends on this floor who defend that policy, who
have never seen a wild Indian, who have never been
brought into contact with them; I say I do hold
them responsible for foroing that policy on gentle-
men on this floor who are more familiar perhaps
than they are with the habits of the Indian and his
capacity for self-government and civilizati9n. I call
it an unjust and unnatural policy, the history of
which may be read in the desolated homes, the
abandoned frontiers, and murdered men, women
and children, as weli as the women who are carried
into captivity and suhjeeted to such horrible treat-
meat that I will not mention or refer to it hero.
Why, sir, you will be dining Red Cloud in the city
of Washington bejore this Congressisover, although
the gentleman from Nebraska will tell you that he
has just returned with some of his tribe from the
war-path, where they have been murdering people
in Nebraska.'"
Mr. SHANKS. I ask unanimous consent
to have some amendments which I wish to
bring before the House to-morrow printed in
the Globe.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
The amendments are as follows:
First amendment;
At the end of the first section of the bill add the
following:
Provided further, That nothing in this act con-
tained shall be construed to impair the rights of per-
sons or property now pertaining to tiie Indians in
said Territory, so long as such rights shall remain
unextinguished by treaty between the United States
and suoh Indians, or to include any territory which,
by treaty with any Indian tribe, is not without the
consent of said tribe to be included within the terri-
torial limits or jurisdiction of any State or Territory;
but all such territory shall be excepted out of the
boundaries and constitute no part of the Territory
of Oklahoma until said tribes shall signify their
assent to the President of the United States to be
included within the said Territory of Oklahoma, or
to affeet the authority of the Government of the Uni-
ted States to make any regulations respecting such
Indians, their lands, property, or other rights, by
treaty, law, or otherwise, which it would have been
competent to the Government to make if this act
had never been passed.
Second amendment:
After the word "qualified," in eighth line, second
section, insert the words ' unless sooner removed
by the President."
Third amendment:
After the word " qualified." in the fifth line of the
third section, insert the words " unless sooner re-
moved by the President."
Fourth amendment:
After the word "qualified," in the fourth line of
the ninth section, insert the words "unless sooner
removed by the President."
Fifth amendment:
After the word " respectively," in the twenty-sec-
ond line of the fourth section, insert these words:
"previous to the first election the Governor shalj
cause a census or enumeration of the members of
the several tribes or nations of Indians or individual
Indians residing in said Territory, as a basis of the
first apportionment of representation, which appor-
tionment shall be made by the Governor."
Sixth amendment:
After the word " Indian," in first line of the fifth
section, insert these words: "residing in said Ter-
ritory and." *
