1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1583
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Have I not a right
to do it?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairman thinks
not after one vote has been taken by the com-
mittee.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 54, noes 73.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
And no part of the money appropriated by this
bill for public buildings, except as to contrasts now
ia existence, shall be paid except upon contracts
made with the lowest responsible bidder, who shall
give security for the faithful performance of the
same, the said contracts to be made in pursuance
of advertisements duly published.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky, I want to debate
that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is closed
by order of the House on the pending para-
graph.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I am in favor of
the amendment, but I want to hear what objec-
tion can be made to it, if any.
Mr. RANDALL. Nobody can object to it.
The question was put on the amendment;
and on a division there were—ayes 51, noes
47 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Farnsworth
and Mr. Hale were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 73, noes 52.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For painting of buildings and fences, and for care
and preservation of water-power and public build-
ings, $10,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out the last word of that paragraph,
and I only do it to call attention to the fact
that I do not hear any eloquent denunciations
of these appropriations for the arsenal at Rock
Island. Here are appropriations for the Rock
Island arsenal amounting to something over
three quarters of a million dollars. We have
expended there before something like $1,500,-
000. We have expended in other directions
something like $1,000,000 more, and here are
appropriations of three quarters of a million,
which"are passed through here as silently as
the grave; and there is no proposition that
this work shall be let to the lowest bidder.
Why do not we let this work out to the low-
est bidder? Have the War Department been
found so economical that there is no need of
it? Where are our exceedingly economical
friends on the otherside ofthe House? Where
is the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. holman,]
with his great cry for economy. Here are three
quarters of a million of dollars going.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will vote with the gen-
tleman to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. BUTLER,'of Massachusetts. Pardon
me; that is not my rSle. I am only playing
another man's part now. When we attempt
to say anything about a public building in
Massachusetts, or in New England, the cry of
economy is raised against it. And I want also
to call the attention of my friends on the other
side ofthe House that in the case of the Globe
they voted against giving the contract to the
lowest bidder, and now they are very much
troubled about this matter. I withdraw the
amendment.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows:
Benicia Arsenal, Benicia, California:
For one set of officers' quarters, 826,571; for repair-
ing roads, building sewers and drains, $4,876, tor
eradina grounds, $7,864; for permanent repairs of
post, machinery for shops, and fences, $5,905; for
artesian well, $4,829; m all, $50,045. ,,
For necessary repairs and preservation of all other
arsenals, $50,000.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I move to amend
the paragraph last read by adding the follow-
ing :
Provided. That the same shall not be expended
at one arsenal, but shall be distributed to the various
arsenals, not herem named, as the same shall be m
need of such preservation and repair.
Mr. HALE. There is no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will merely
say, in this connection, that we have cut down
the estimates of the arsenals $300,000. The
amendment of my colleague is all right.
The. amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Buildings and grounds in and around Washing-
ton :
Improvement and care of public grounds: for
repair, care, and improvement of public buildings,
grounds, and works in the District of Columbia,
under the direction of the chief of engineers; com-
pleting improvement of reservations, namely:
For monumental grounds, $15,000.
Mr. BIRD. I move to amend by striking
out the words " for monumental grounds,
$15,000." I am constrained to inquire the
necessity for this appropriation. There seems
to be some peculiar manner by which all this
money, raised from the tax-payers, is proposed
to be expended. In reviewing a bill of this
character every man must inquire whence is
this, for whose benefit, what occasion is there
for it? Why expend for monumental grounds
in the city of Washington another $15,000?
Where are those grounds ? Are they at the west
end of the avenue, or the east, or the north,
or the south ?
I am constrained again to inquire for whose
benefit this $15,000 is to be expended? Look
along through this bill, and you will find para-
graph after paragraph of a similar import.
Are these appropriations not duplicated, are
they not quadrupled? And are there not
funds here appropriated which may be pos-
sibly devoted to the most pernicious, if not a
wicked purpose? Is it the grounds at the
west end of the avenue, which have been as
commons for years past? If so, why improve
them now 1
It was only the other day that a resolution
was offered here to either tear down or build
up the monument there partially erected. If
it be to be torn down why this improvement ?
If it be to be completed, then why improve
the grounds until the monument is completed ?
Let us know wherefore this $15,000 is to be
expended. I trust this item will be stricken
out.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call for a vote.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were-—ayes 57, noes 43; no quorum
voting.
The committee rose informally; and Mr.
McKee took the chair as Speaker pro tem-
pore to receive
a message from the senate.
A message from the President, by Mr. Bab-
cock, his Private Secretary, informed the
House that the President had approved and
signed bills of the following titles :
An act (H. R. No. 693) for the relief of
Charles Trichler, of the county of Adams,
Ohio; .
An act (H. R. No. 872) to provide for the
sale of certain New York Indian lands in
An act (H. R. No. 1709) for the relief of
Major John W. Todd;
An act (H. R. No. 1775) for the relief of
Kitty Ann Smith, the widow of Thomas Smith,
and James A. Stevens, ofthe Cromwell Home
Guards, Ohio county, Kentucky;
An act (H. R. No. 2053) authorizing the
nomination and appointment to the retired
list of the Navy of certain officers on the
active list of the Navy who are disabled in
consequence of wounds received during the
late war;
An act (H. R. No. 2295) for the relief of
James M. Bagar;
An act (H. R. No. 2409) granting a pension
to Mary A. Shoemaker;
An act (H. R. No. 2470) granting a pension
to Robert H. Brown, of Adair county, Mis-
S°An act (H. R. No. 2620) to remit the excise
tax upon alcohol used by universities and col-
leges for scientific purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 2689) creating an addi-
tional land district in the Territory of Arizona;
An act (H. R. No. 2698) to provide for the
payment for certain property taken by the
Government for the extension of the military
reservation at Camp Mohave, in the Territory
of Arizona;
An act (H. R. No. 2763) authorizing and
directing the Secretary of the Treasury to
cause plans and estimates to be made, and a
suitable site provided for a public building at
Memphis, Tennessee;
An act (H. R. No. 3399) to provide for ob-
taining information of the condition of banks
organized under State laws;
An act (H. R. No. 3506) for the relief of
John Mitchell; and
An act (H. R. No. 3534) authorizing the
First National Bank of Watkins, New York, to
change its location and name.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The committee resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
striking out the words "for monumental
grounds, $15,000." Upon this question a
vote was taken and no quorum voted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We have re-
duced the amount which was asked for.
Mr. HOLMAN. You appropriate in this
bill $55,000 for grounds between the Capitol
and monument.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask permis-
sion to make a remark.
Mr. COBURN. I will not object if the
gentleman will allow me to answer.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must
object absolutely, not conditionally.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield,
of Ohio, and Mr. Bird were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 61, noes 66.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I move to
reduce this appropriation by striking out
"$15,000" and inserting "$5,000." I* do
this that we may get from the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations some explana-
tion of this item. I confess that to my inex-
perienced eye some of these things need ex-
planation. I find, for instance, looking over
this bill, that the committee propose to appro-
priate $5,000 for A, $10,000 for B, so much
for C, so much for D, so that when we get
through the alphabet the aggregate _ reaches
millions. Now I want to know how this money
is to be expended, and with reference to this
particular case, why we need an appropriation
of $15,000 for these " monumental grounds."
We have been improving matters in general in
various parts of the District of Columbia, and
now we propose to do it in detail. I desire
some explanation. I do not wish to surrender
everything to my faith in the committee. I
should like to know something of what the
committee knows.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The appropria-
tions made for the District of Columbia in the
first partial deficiency bill that we passed had
reference solely to the streets and alleys ; they
had nothing whatever to do with the public
buildings and grouuds of the United States,
except so far as streets, &c., passed public
buildings and grounds. In the book of esti-
mates, pages 129, 130, and 131, will be found
the details of all these questions. The execu-
tive department recommended an appropria-
tion of $587,000 for lighting and caring for
this Capitol building and other Government
buildings in the city, and for the preservation,
care, and repair of the public grounds. The
committee cut down this estimate to $251,000,
making a reduction of $336,000—considerably
more than half. We thought the estimates
too large. We omitted altogether appropria-
tions for some portions of the public grounds,
which we thought could wait till a later period
