1584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
without any detriment to the public interests.
But for those portions of our public grounds
that are now in process of being cared for and
repaired the committee proposes to appropri-
ate what they thought would be necessary to
continue the work economically, not waste-
fully. In doing this we made a reduction of
sixty pereent..in the aggregate on this subject,
just as we made a reduction of $300,000 in
the appropriations for the care and repair of
s r86U3ils ?
"Mr. CREBS. Let the gentleman tell us
what this money is for.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Until last year
the grounds around the monument, being
about fifteen to twenty acres of ground, had
no fence except an old breaking down and
broken down one, bordering on one of the
streets on one side. The river Potomac was
washing away acres every year because of the
lack of a little piling to protect the grounds.
There were no walks, no drives; so that the
monument of the greatest American that this
country ever knew stood unfinished in the
midst of a wretched and desolate lot. It was
with me utmost difficulty we were able to get
the attention of Congress to it last year so as
to secure a small appropriation for protecting
those grounds and putting them in such a
shape that at least roads could be carried
through them and the grounds be saved from
being a waste. Theexecutive department rec-
ommend an appropriation of $51,000 for these
monumental grounds for the coming year, for
the purpose of'laying roads through them, build-
ing a fence about them, and planting trees.
The grade is now being altered and the grounds
being put in a condition to be a suitable part
of our public grounds. The Committee on
Appropriations were unwilling to grant the
amount asked; they thought that $15,000 in-
stead of $51,000 would be sufficient to carry
on economically the work begun last year.
Now, if gentlemen desire to stop the work
there aud let those grounds be the worst pas-
ture patch in the country, around a monument
intended to commemorate the noblest name
that this continent knows, let them do it. I
have told the Committee of the Whole how
our committee has treated this subject. The
executive department thinks we have cut down
mercilessly and unreasonably all these appro-
priations; bat I hope this House will stand
by all reasonable appropriations.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CREBS. What was the appropriation
last year?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. HAWLEY, of Connecticut. I with-
diaw my aoieudment.
Mr. COBURN. It may be said, why op-
pose this small appropriation of $15,000? To
be sure, it is a small appropriation ; but I
only oppose it because it involves a principle,
and adherence to principle is just as important
in small matters as in large matters. The
monumental grounds are yet to be occupied.
If that monument is ever to be finished, the
grounds will have to be driven over by wagons
with stone, timber, and other necessary mate-
rials to he used in its construction. It will be
a dirty-looking place for many years to come,
and any improvement now put there, while
the monument is in its present condition, will
be so much money absolutely thrown away.
Everybody knows it must be an unsightly place
until the monument is completed.
But, Mr. Chairman, there is another view
to be taken of the matter. I believe that
monument never will be completed ; and if it
is not to be finished, of course the present
arrangement of the grounds will have to be
changed. Whatever improvements, therefore,
are made will go for nothing. The improve-
ments we make there now will hereafter have
be to changed, and the money expended will
be thrown away. It is the last place in Wash-
ington we ought to spend money on. It comes
with very little grace from gentlemen who
desire to improve the grounds between here
and the Potomac to talk about those who, as
they say, oppose proper improvements in the
city of Washington because they- voted last
year to give a portion of this very ground
between here and the Potomac river to a rail-
road company for the purpose of building a
railroad depot, erecting unsightly buildings,
placing tracks, and in other ways cutting off
these grounds which it is now proposed to
adorn and beautify.- These gentlemen did
not seem then to think of the importance of
continuing these improvements between here
and the Potomac river. At that time we
could not find men enough here to delay the
matter until it could be debated and ex-
plained. It seemed impossible at that time
to do anything when these grounds were about
to be ruined by an unsightly railroad depot.
I call upon those men now not to appropriate
money for the improvement of these grounds
because it may be necessary to reserve them
for future railroads and to devote them to the
same purpose a portion of the grounds was
devoted to last year. It maybe we shall need
these very grounds for a large central depot.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CREBS. Mr. Chairman, my purpose
in rising is to know the general purpose of the
committee in the improvement of these various
squares. The fact now seems to be that the
Superintendent of the Public Buildings and
Grounds is to improve all of them. It makes
.10 difference wherever a public reservation
may be, in or about the city, I imagine the Sup-
erintendent of Public Buildings and Grounds
is willing to go on and make improvements
thereon. In my judgment we ought to select
a portion of these grounds, and if our purpose
is to improve them all we ought to go at it
moderately. Take a few grounds and improve
them this year, and improve a few others next
year.
I find here, looking over the appropriations
for years past, we have over and over again
appropriated money for this square and for
that square and the other, all for the im-
provement of the public grounds. The very
next item in this bill is for the improvement
of the Smithsonian grounds. Is the work never
lo be finished ? Is it the purpose to put them
in such cases that every year an appropriation
to adorn and beautify the grounds will be
necessary ?
Now the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] says they have cu,t down the appropria-
tions one half or a little more than one half.
That is not the question. If they estimate
for an appropriation of a million dollars, and
then the committee cuts down the appropria-
tion to $500,000, I do not think they are enti-
tled to any consideration for having done so.
The question is, shall we go ou and improve
all of the grounds at once, or shall we take
them up one by one where improvements are
recommended and go on and there finish the
work ? The Washington monument is upon
these grounds, and our people who come here
may want to go there and see it. If the
monument were finished it would be an en-
tirely different thing ; but while the monument
is in its present condition it might as well be
an old field as to have large sums of money
expended in improving and beautifying it. The
gentleman says they ask for $50,000 and the
committee cut it down to $15,000. What did
they want $50,000 for? What was the pur-
pose? If they wished it to accomplish a cer-
tain purpose and the committee cut it down to
$15,000 that purpose will be destroyed, for
they cannot carry it out unless they get the
money. If it be the purpose to keep this mat-
ter up by appropriating a little every year, I
think the better plan would be to appropriate
the $50,000 and have the work finished.
The course of improvement, in my judgment,
should be this : we ought to select just such
improvements as we determine ought to be
made, and not go ou improving every square
and reservation in the city. We have I do
not know how many reservations ; I should
imagine two or three hundred reservations
and public places for which improvements
are desired in some shape or other. We have
just appropriated $1,241,000 for the streets
of this city; and I understand before we get
through this bill the parties interested will
come to us asking for another appropriation
of a million or two millions to carry on im-
provements in the city, notwithstanding the
fact that a short time ago they said they had
enough money to carry out every improve-
ment they desired to make.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is no
connection between the two things at all.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was on the amendment of
Mr. Hawley, of Connecticut, to strike out
"$15,000" and insert " $5,000so that the
paragraph would read, "for monumental
grounds, $5,000."
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 70, noes 54.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The following paragraph was read:
For Smithsonian grounds, $10,000.
Mr. HOLM AN. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Strike out4' $10,000 " and insert" $5,000so that
it will read, " for Smithsonian grounds, $5,000."
These appropriations are for continuing im-
provements of reservations. I do not think
these improvements should have been entered
upon. Now, however, that they have been en-
tered upon, if it is necessary that some reason-
able appropriation should he made to complete
them, I submit that $5,000 for this partic-
ular purpose is a very ample appropriation. I
see no reason why in a single year, or in one
or two years, appropriations of such enorm-
ous extent should be made for improvements
in this city. There is no reason why there
should be an attempt to bring about in this
way an unnatural and artificial development
of the resources of the city, after so many
years of severe economy here.
I am in favor of reasonable and moderate
appropriations for these purposes. I do not
care who made these estimates. They were
not made in the interests of the whole country:
they were not made in view of the condition
of the public finances, but were made in view
of the local and private interests of this city.
And it is astonishing, with the public debt
actually growing upon us, that appropriations
to this enormous extent should be still pressed
upon the attention of Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In regard to
this matter, I desire only to say that the build-
ing of the Smithsonian Institution is in the
midst of a very large and beautiful ground, as
everybody- knows. But that while the north
front of the building looks out upon a very
well-improved ground, the south front, the rear
of the building, looks upon the grounds which
have not been planted with trees, and which
are still without walks. For several years the
Committee on Appropriations has refused ap-
propriations for the improvement of that por-
tion of the Smithsonian grounds. It has now
reported an appropriation of only a part of
what was asked. The Regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution asked for a much larger sum,
but we have cut it down to what we think will
do the necessary work of establishing grades
and beginning the work, and I hope the Com-
mittee of the Whole will not further cut down
the appropriation. The Regents of the insti-
tution unanimously requested, as I have stated,
a larger appropriation.
Mr. FAKNSWORTH. I move to amend
by striking out the last word.
I rise for the purpose of awarding the Com-
mittee on Appropriations great credit for cut-
in^ down an appropriation below the amount
which they were asked to appropriate. But,
sir, we know that it is not the habit of the
