'284
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
42d Cong.... 3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For office-furniture, six thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For advertising, seventy thousand dollars:
Provided, That hereafter no payment shall be
made to any newspaper published in the District
of Columbia for advertising any other mail-
routes than those in Virginia and Maryland.
For manufacture of adhesive postage-stamps,
one hundred and thirty thousand five hundred
and fifty dollars.
For stamped envelopes and wrappers, four
hundred and seventy-five thousand dollars:
Provided, That hereafter no envelope as fur-
nished by the Government shall contain any
lithographing and engraving, and no printing
except a printed request to return the letter to
the writer.
For manufacture of postal cards, one hun-
dred and sixty-seven thousand dollars.
For pay of distributingagents and assistants,
fourteen thousand dollars.
For payments on account of mail depreda-
tions and for special agents, one hundred and
sixty thousand dollars.
For mail bags and mail-bag catchers, one
hundred and eighty thousand dollars.
For mail locks and keys, forty thousand
dollars.
For post-marking and canceling stamps,
twelve thousand dollars.
For preparing and publishing post route
ma]3s, twenty-seven thousand dollars.
lor balances due foreign countries, two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For rent of post offices, three hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For fuel for post offices, one hundred and
thirty thousand dollars.
For light for post offices, one hundred and
sixty thousand dollars.
For stationery and miscellaneous items, sixty
thousand dollars.
For registered package envelopes, fifty-six
thousand dollars.
For official envelopes for postmasters, twenty-
nine thousand five hundred and twenty-five
dollars.
For envelopes for returning dead letters, six
thousand one hundred and sixty dollars.
For fees to marshals, attorneys, and clerks
of courts, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For engraving, printing, and binding drafts
and warrants, three thousand five hundred
dollars.
For miscellaneous items, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
E\>r increase of compensation for the trans-
portation of mails on railroad routes upon the
condition and at the rates hereinafter men-
tioned, live hundred thousand dollars, or so
much thereof as may be necessary: Provided,
That the Postmaster General be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to readjust the
compensation hereafter to be paid for the trans-
portation of mails on railroad routes upon the
conditions and at the rates hereinafter men-
tioned, to wit: that the mails shall be con-
veyed with due frequency and speed; that
sufficient and suitable room, fixtures, and fur-
niture, iti a car or apartment properly lighted
and warmed, shall beprovidedfor route agents
to accompany and distribute the mails; and
that the pay per mile per annum shall not exceed
the following rates, namely: on routes carrying
their whole length an average weight of mails
per day of two hundred pounds, fifty dollars ;
five hundred pounds, seventy-five dollars; one
thousand pounds, one hundred dollars; one
. thousand five hundred pounds, one hundred
an 1 twenty-five dollars; two thousand pounds,
one hundred and fifty dollars; three thou-
sand five hundred pounds, one hundred and
seventy-five dollars; five thousand pounds,
two hundred dollars, and twenty-five dollars
additional for every additional two thousand
pounds, the average weight to be ascertained,
in every case, by the actual weighing of the
mails for such a number of successive work-
ing-days, not less than thirty, at such times,
after June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy-three, and not less frequently than
once in every four years, and the result to be
stated and verified in such form and manner,
as the Postmaster General may direct: Pro-
vided also, That in case any railroad company
now furnishing railway post office ears shall
refuse to provide such cars, such company
shall not be entitled to any increase of com-
pensation under any provision of this act:
Provided further, That additional pay maybe
allowed for every line comprising a daily trip
each way of railway post office cars, at a rate
not exceeding twenty-five dollars per mile per
annum for cars forty feet in length; and thirty
dollars per mile per annum for forty-five feet
cars; and forty dollars per mile per annum for
fifty feet cars; and fifty dollars per mile per
annum for fifty five to sixty feet cars: And pro-
vided also, That the length of cars required for
such post office railway-car-service shall be de-
termined by the Post Office Department, and all
such cars shall be properly fitted up, furnished,
warmed and lighted for the accommodation of
clerks to accompany and distribute the mails:
And provided further, That so much of section
two hundred and sixty-five of the act approved
June eighth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
two, entitled "An act to revise, consolidate,
and amend the statutes relating to the Post
Office Department," as provides that ''the
Postmaster General may allow any railroad
company with whom he may contract for the
carrying of the United States mail, and who
furnish railway post office cars for the trans-
portation of the mail, such additional com-
pensation beyond that now allowed by law as
he may think fit, not exceeding, however, fifty
per centum of the said rates," be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
Sec. 2. That the following sums, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, be, and the same
are hereby, appropriated for the year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-
four, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated,, namely :
For steamship service between San Fran-
cisco, Japan, and China, eight hundred and
seventy-five thousand dollars.
For steamship service between the United
States and Brazil, one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars.
For steamship service between San Fran-
cisco and the Sandwich Islands, seventy-five
thousand dollars.
Seo. 3. That if the revenues of the Post
Office Department shall be insufficient to meet
the appropriations made by this act, then the
sum of five million three hundred and ninety-
six thousand six hundred and two dollars, or
so much thereof as may be necessary, be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated, to be paid
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, to'supply deficiencies in the
revenue of the Post Office Department for the
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and seventy-four: Provided, That all laws and
parts of laws permitting the transmission by
mail of any free matter whatever be, and the
same are hereby, repealed from and after June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-three.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXXXII.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "Au Actto reduce Duties on Imports
and to reduce Internal Taxes, and for other
purposes," approved June sixth, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, and for other pur-
poses.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That on and alter the
date of the passage of this act, for all pur-
poses relating to custom duties and importa-
tion "heading-bolts" shall be held and con-
strued to be included under tte term " stave-
bolts."
Sec. 2. That barrels of American manufac-
ture exported filled with domestic petroleum
and returned empty, may be admitted free of
duty under such regulations ns the Secretary
of the Treasury may prescribe, and without
requiring the filing of a declaration at time of
export of intent to return the same empty.
Sec. 3. That foreign merchandise which
arrived at a port of the United States on or
before the thirty first day of July, eighteen
hundred and seventy-two, and upon which
duties were not paid prior to August first,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, though the
same were not entered or transferred to a pub-
lic store or bonded warehouse, shall be enti-
tled to the benefits provided for in the second
section of an act entitled "An act to reduce
duties on imports, and to reduce internal taxes
and for other purposes," approved June sixth,
eighteen hundred and seventy-two, the same
as such merchandise would have been entitled
to had it actually been in public store or
bonded warehouse on, or prior to the thirty-
first day of July, eighteen hundred and seventy-
two : Provided, That the owner of sueh mer-
chandise shall, within thirty days from the
passage of this act, make application therefor
in writing to the collector of the port at which
sueh merchandise arrived.
Seo. 4. That on kid and all other gloves
imported into the United States from foreign
countries there shall be no discrimination in
determining by appraisement the foreign mar-
ket value of such goods, whether protected by
trade- mark or not, and that in no case shall
the goods so protected by trade mark be ap-
praised at a less foreign market value than the
like goods not so protected ; and no sale or
pretended sale of such goods shall be held to
fix the value of the same.
Seo. 5. That section fifty-five of the act of
July twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, as amended by the act of June sixth,
eighteen hundred and seventy two, be further
amended by adding to the first paragraph of
said section the words: "Provided further,
That the bonds required to be given for the
exportation of distilled spirits shall be can-
celled upon the presentation of satisfactory
proof and certificates that-said distilled spirits
have been landed at the port of destination
named in the bill of lading, or upon satisfac-
tory proof that after shipment the same were
lost at sea without fault or neglect of the owner
or shipper thereof."
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXXXIIL—An Act making Appro-
priations for the Repair, Preservation, and
Completion of certain public Works on
Rivers and Harbors, and for othgr purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
of money be, and are hereby, appropriated, to
be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of War, for the
repair, preservation, and completion of the
following public works hereinafter named :
For the purpose of dredging out the bay of
Superior from the natural entrance to the
docks of Superior andDuLuth and preserving
both entrances from the lake thereto, one hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Marquette harbor,
Michigan, fifteen thousand dollar.
For the improvemeut of Meuomonee harbor,
Michigan and Wisconsin, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
