620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Seventh amendment:
After the word " Oklahoma," in the third line of
the fifth section, insert " and all other Indians who
way now bo or hereafter bocorne residents thereof."
Eighth amendment:
After the word "life," in the fourth line of tho
fifth section, strike out down to and including the
word " act," where it first occurs in the seventh line
of said section.
Ninth amendment:
After the word "Territory," in the eleventh line
of the fifth section, strike out the remainder of the
scction and insert these words: "not inconsistent
with the foregoing provisions of this section."
Tenth amendment:
After the word "residents," in the eighth line of
the sixth section, strike out all down to and includ-
ing the word "societies" in tho eighteenth lino of
Fame section, and insert theso words: "nor shall
any law be passed impairing the rights of private
property, nor shall any unequal discrimination be
made in taxing different kinds of property, but all
property subject to taxation shall be taxed in pro-
portion to its value."
Eleventh amendment:
In lino thirty of the sixth section strike out tho
word " three " where it occurs, and insert the word
" five."
Twelfth amendment:
At the end of the seventh section add the follow-
ing words :
Provided, That no member of the Legislative
Assembly shall hold or be appointed to any office
which shall have been created, or the salary or
emoluments of which shall have been increased
while ho was a member, daring the term for which
he was elected, and for one year after the expira-
tion of such term, and no person holding a commis-
sion or appointment under the United States except
postmasters shall be a member of the Legislative
Assembly, orshall hold any offioe under the govern-
ment of said Territory.
Thirteenth amendment:
After the word "act," in the forty-third line of
the eighth section of the bill, insort these words:
"existing laws and treaties of the United States
and of."
Fourteenth amendment:
After the word " tribes," in the fifty-fourth line of
the eighth section of the bill, insert the words " as
recognized by treaties with said tribes respectively."
Fifteenth amendment:
After the word "Kansas," in the seventh line of
. section nine, strike out down to and including the
word "own" in tho eighth line, and insert these
words: " the said supreme court shall appoint such
deputy marshals as may be deemed necessary."
Sixteenth amendment:
In the thirteen section of the bill, at the end of the
second line and the beginning of the third line,
strike out the words "the United States and."
(Seventeenth amendment:
Add the following section to the bill :
Sec. 1(3. Be it further enacted, That sections nine
and ten of an act entitled "An act granting land to
the State of Kansas to aid in the construction of the
Kansas and Neosho Valley railroad, and its exten-
sion to Red river," approved July 25,1866; and sec-
tions nine and ten of an act entitled "An act grant-
ing lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of a southern branch of tho Union Pacific
railroad and telegraph line, from Fort Riley, Kansas,
to Fort Smith, Arkansas," approved July 26,1866:
and so much of sections two and three of an act
entitled " An act granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph lino from the
States of Missouri and Arkansas to the Pacific
ocean," approved July 27, 1866; and any other sec-
tions or parts of sections of said acts, or any other
acts or laws which assume to grant any lands within
the country known as tho Indian territory, to any
railroad company, or to any other corporation, per-
son, or power, or to pledge the United States to the
extinguishment of the Indian title to any land within
that territory, or to permit any corporation, person,
or power other than the United States, to purchase
land from any Indian nation or tribe within said
Indian territory, be, and the same archereby, re-
pealed.
And then, on motion of Mr. SAllGENT, (at
fouro'clock and fifty minutesp. m.,) theHouse
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule and referred to appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARTHUR: The petition of J. W.
Iredell, jr., and wife, heirs of John Corless,
deceased, and others, praying relief against
losses, Ac., sustaine_ by means of the depre-
da'ions committed by the public and private
armed vessels of France between the years
1793 and 1801, and for other purposes.
By Mr. BLAINE: The petition of certain
disabled soldiers of the State of Maine, pray-
ing an increase of pension.
By Mr. BURCHAKD: The petition of N.
Corwith and others, citizens and merchants of
1 Galena, Illinois, for removal of taxes on State
and national banking institutions.
By Mr. COTTON : The petition of George
Yount, late second lieutenant company I, third
regiment Missouri infantry, asking relief.
By Mr. COX: The petition and papers of
Mrs. Martha Westervelt, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Martin Kalbfleisch
Sons, for payment for acids furnished the
assay office in New York city in 1869-70.
By Mr. ELLIOTT : The petition of Adeline
S. Belcher, heir of Ann Marsh, widow of Wil-
liam Marsh, fur compensation for losses by
French spoliation.
Also, the petition of W. Allston Gibbes,
grandson and heir and for the coheirs of VV.
H. Gibbes, deceased ; Thomas J. La Motte,
grandson and heir and for the coheirs of I.
La Motte, of the firm of La Motte & Chisholm;
James F. Gadsden, grandson and heir of Ga-
briel Mischaw, for losses by French spoliation.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of William
Witherlee and others, asking that certain for-
eign goods be made subject to State and
municipal taxation.
By Mr.^ HILL: The petition of Michael
Shields, asking for a pension.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of artists and members of the Boston
Art Club, for an amendment of the law of
copyright to protect their works of design and
painting.
By Mr. LOWE: The petition of William
D. Knox and others, citizens of Kansas, for
legislation to suppress polygamy in Utah.
By Mr. PACKER: The petition of Au-
thony Lawson, by his attorney, William H.
Beck, praying that the proceeds of the tax
sale of certain property may be refunded to
himself and partner without interest, after
deducting all taxes, costs, and legal charges
thereon.
By Mr. PLATT: The petition of John W.
Hunter, F. R. Freeman, and others, messen-
gers and laborers in the Department of the
Interior, for an increase of pay.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition (with ac-
companying papers) of Jacqueline M. Wood,
of Lynchburg, Virginia, late assessor of rev-
enue for the fourth collection district of Vir-
ginia, for relief.
By Mr. SLOSS : The memorial of M. C.
Bayless, (with accompanying documents,) ask-
ing an appropriation of 1)1,210 to pay him his
salary as clerk to Major Otis A. Whitehead,
chief additional paymaster United States
Army, from August 1, 18G3, to July 18, 1804,
at the rate of $100 per month and traveling
expenses.
Also, the memorial of the Board of Trade
and resideut merchants of Mobile, Alabama,
asking Congress to pass a law relieving certain
merchants from paying custom-house duties a
second time which they were required to pay
to the de facto government of the confeder-
ate States on goods in warehouse at time of
secession.
By Mr. SPRAGUE: The petition and ac-
companying papers of John W. McGee, of
Moss Run, Ohio, late a private in company
D, sixty-seventh Ohio volunteers, asking the j
removal of the charge of desertiou.
Also, the memorial of T. U. Crary and i
Archibald Crary, of Middleport, Ohio, asking j
the passage of a bill for the payment of
indemnity for French spoliations.
By Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania:
The petition of Eliza J. MeConnell, widow
ot Captain William MeConnell. for a pension.
By Mr. WALDRON : The petition of Sarah
E. Porter, widow of Frank VV. Porter, late
private in company A, fifth Michigan volun-
teers, for a pension.
POST ROUTE BILLS.
The following bills were introduced and re-
ferred under the rule to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. POLAND: A bill establishing a
post road from South Fairlee, Vermont, to the
Ely post office in the town of Vershin, Ver-
mont.
By Mr. TERRY: A bill to establish a post
route from Hunter's Gap, Virginia, via Lone
Branch, to Mulberry Gap, Tennessee.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 16, 1873.
Prayer by Rev. W. L. Harris, bishop of
the Methodist Episcopal Church.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday's proceedings was dispensed with.
CONSTRUCTION OF SNAG-BOAT.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(H. R. No. 3197) authorizing the Secretary
of War to contract for the construction of a
light draught snag-boat to ply on the Missis-
sippi, Missouri, and Arkansas rivers, was read
twice by its title.
i Mr. MORTON. I ask that the bill he put
j on its passage.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to contract for the construction
of a light draught snag boat to ply on the Mis-
sissippi, Missouri, and Arkansas rivers, pro-
I vided the contract shall not require more t han
$25,000 over and above the amount available
j for such purpose, to be taken from the next
j appropriation made for the improvement of
the rivers named.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Virginia, in relation
to the James River and Kanawha canal; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce,
- and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of the
Florence Temperance Union of the State of
Massachusetts, signed by its officers, asking
for a commission of inquiry concerning the
traffic in intoxicating liquors and restrictive
i and prohibitory legislation for the suppression
of intemperance; which was referred to the
Committee on the Revision of the Laws of the
United States.
He also presented the petition of M. C.
Bayles, praying to be paid certain salary with-
held from him to cover an alleged defalcation
as paymaster's clerk ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military affairs.
j He also presented the petition of Catherine
Barry, of Baltimore, Maryland, praying to bo
allowed a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of Rear
Admiral Thomas O. Selfndge and other naval
officers, asking for a modification of the pay of
officers of the Navy ; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of the
Kennett Square Lodge of Good Templars of
: Chester county, Pennsylvania, signed by its
officers, asking for a commission of inquiry
i concerning "the results of the traffic in intoxi-
: eating liquors, and of restrictive and prohibi-
! tory legislation for the suppression of intem-
perance ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Revision of the Laws of the United
States.
> He also presented a petition of citizens of
