1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1585
people of Washington to ask for too little; and
this circumstance may detract somewhat from
the merit of the Committee on Appropriations
in cutting down a particular item. We always
find people asking here for a good deal more
than they expect to get. They expect to be
cut down. Ihey are like country storekeepers
who ask more than they are likely to get from
the people who come into their stores, and
are in the habit of being beat down. It is the
people here in the District after all who ask
this appropriation, and not expecting to get
all they ask, of course they ask for more
they believe Congress will vote. They always
do it. A man who asks for a loan of $100,
with no expectation of ever paying it, is well
satisfied if he gets fifty dollars.
Now, I never could understand myself why
it was that because the Government of the
United States makes a present to the people
of Washington of parks or grounds it is under
ail obligation to appropriate money to improve
those grounds. We give tbem grounds which
a great many people would be glad to take off
our hands and relieve us from the necessity
of improving them. They say that because
we give them the grounds there is a lasting
obligation that the people of the United States
shall be taxed to improve those grounds. I
do not understand such a system myself.
Mr. SARGENT. We are not making a
present to the people of Washington of beau-
tiful parks when we make appropriations for
the monument grounds or for Armory square
or for Judiciary square or a great many grounds
which this bill proposes to improve. Years
ago when the seat of Government was fixed
these grounds were given to the Government
free of charge. We have left them in a state
of desolation. The proposition is that now,
when the location ofthe capital here is assured,
we shall expend a moderate amount of money
annually for the improvement of these vast
spaces of ground which are a nuisance and a
disgrace until we put them in such condition
that they will not be a disgrace to the city.
Mr. DAWES. Does my friend know that
these lands have not been preempted 1
Mr. SARGENT. I know that if we put the
land up and sold it at auction we should bring
a large return into the Treasury. We should
either sell it or else improve it and devote it
to its original purpose.
Now, sir, although coming from further west
than the gentleman who preceded me, I have
no selfishness of locality and no provincialism
which would lead me to object to reasonable
appropriations for adorning this capital. I
believe it is our duty so to do. We should not
grudge the small amount of money necessary
to improve the streets which we ourselves have
injured. When the heavy stones which have
been referred to here were dragged to the
Treasury Department they tore up the streets
as much as the ordinary travel of Washington
city would have done in thirty years. Those
stones, weighing tons upon tons, dug holes in
the pavement; and what did we do? We turned
round and said to the people "Pill up these
holes yourselves and pay for it."
Mr. CREBS. How much did we pay for it?
Mr. SARGENT. Nothing in proportion to
the amount paid by the property-holders upon
each aide ofthe avenue.
Mr. CREBS. We paid $18,000, I think.
Mr, SARGENT. The ordinary use of the
street would not have damaged it in thirty
years as much as those heavy stones did.
Here we have a waste space, with the fences
torn down; we will not sell it, we will not
allow any one else to improve it, and we will
not do it ourselves. I say that that is not the
proper way in which to deal with the District,
and that I have no small local feeling which
will prevent me from voting for appropria-
tions in order to beautify this capital, which
I trust will be the capital of the United States
forever.
The people of the District are poor, they
have no great fortunes from trade built up by
merchants, and with a population of one hun-
dred and seventy thousand the average wealth
of the people is extremely small. Most of the
houses, excepting those occupied by members
of Congress, are occupied by clerks and com-
paratively poor persons, and if you throw the
burden of improvement on them the city will
never be improved.
. [Here the hammer fell.]
The question was put upon the amendment;
and on a division there were—ayes thirty-
eight, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
«10000KrOUndS S0Uth 0f the Exeeutive Mansion,
Mr. BIRD. I move to strike out that para-
graph. In view of what has been done dur-
ing the last year, let me inquire whether we
cannot for a time dispense with further appro-
priations for this particular locality ? If we
have any purpose of economy, let us manifest
it by stopping here. I am aware of the loca-
tion of these grounds and of their nearness to
the monument, of which we have heard to-day.
But you will permit me to say that in my
opposition to these measures I do not in any re-
spect whatever intend to reflect upon the char-
acter of the Father of his Country. No; but
I am prompted rather by the integrity and the
virtue which he instituted in this land to make
this opposition. It seems to me that if we re-
member the sufferings at Valley Forge, at
Morristown, at Trenton, at Princeton, we will
be induced rather to oppose these exorbitant
and extraordinary appropriations.
In my judgment, we do much more to ad-
vance the interests of our country and to per-
petuate the fame of General Washington by
adhering strictly to the spirit of economy in
these days of corruption, than by expending
the money of the people in rearing monuments
to the skies, about which breed and fester cor-
ruptions in untold measures and to an alarming
extent. Sir, you may go to every committee-
room in the country, examine the archives of
every State, as well as in youf Departments here
in Washington, and you will find that extrava-
gance of expenditure has become the rule of
conduct and ambition of the American people.
Tell me not that in erecting monuments that
pierce the very skies we are doing anything to
promote the interest of the country or to per-
petuate the name and fame of General Wash-
ington. I hope this paragraph will be stricken
out.
Mr. DICKEY. T do not know that there is
anything in this paragraph about the Washing-
ton monument.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish simply
to say, in response to what has been said by
the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Bird,]
that the grounds south of the Executive Man-
sion, as everybody knows, reach down to what
was the old canal, which has been filled up
elsewhere, and it is necessary to fill it up
there. That is necessary for the health of the
occupants of the White House, if for no other
reason. The sura of $18,800 was asked for
but we thought $10,000 would be enough. Now,
with the hope that we may go on with this
bill, not delaying it too long with this de-
bate, I will simply close my remarks by asking
a vote.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For improving Lincoln square, $6,000.
Mr. BIRD. I move to strike out the para-
graph just read. It is perfectly manifest that
the plea of the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations [Mr. Garfield] in behalf of
the preceding paragraph in relation to the
"grounds south ofthe Executive Mansion" does
notapply to the one now pending. There is no
benefit to the health of the city of Washington
or of any of its inhabitants to be obtained irom
making this appropriation,
Lincoln square! Where is it? How many
members are there on this floor who ever visited
it? How many members within the souud of
my voice know its exact location? A gentle-
man near me says he does not know where it
is, and I presume that seventy-five out of every
hundred members of this House have no idea
of the location of Lincoln square. It is one
mile to the east of this Capitol—truly in a com-
mon. It is at the intersection of Massachu-
setts and North Carolina avenues and Bast
Capitol street.
Shall we now, in this day, and with the vast
expenditures of the Government, appropriate
$6,000 for the improvement of that piece of
ground ? I am not saying aught against the
memory of the deceased President of the Uni-
ted States. I am not saying aught against the
Republican party which he represented. But
I am asking in the interest of economy, and
of an overburdened and outrageously taxed
people, that these foolish, whimsical, and
unnecessary appropriations be not continued.
They will not benefit the name or fame of any
American. They will not benefit the health,
physical or otherwise, of any citizen of Wash-
ington or of the country. They will not im-
prove the grounds so as to make them more
pleasant to the eyes of any visitor to this
capital.
I ask that I may not be considered as making
this objection for the purpose of delay; no,
but in deed and in truth, in the interest of
economy and of an overtaxed and outrageously
burdened people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONGER. I am glad the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Bird] has made this
motion so that he might apologize in the
presence of the House and of the country for
the vote which was given here in this com-
mittee against preserving to the American
people some monument to the Father of his
Country.
It was necessary he should move an amend-
ment to strike out some other paragraph, that
he might put upon record the apology of himself
and his associates for their seeming slur upon
the memory of Washington. He now moves
to strike out an appropriation to adorn a square
which bears the name of another great man
of this country; and he accompanies this
motion with an apology. I like to hear these
apologies from the gentleman and his fellows,
who vote against perpetuating in the minds
of the American people the memory of our
greatest men, even though the appropriation
asked is but the paltry sum of six or fifteen
thousand dollars.
Mr. BIRD. I have no idea that the name
of Mr. Lincoln or General Washington depends
on any such appropriations.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For continuing improvement of Judiciary square,
$10,000.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I move to amend
the clause just read by inserting after "Judi-
ciary square " the words " by removing the old
frame buildings thereon."
Mr. CREBS. We have provided for the
removal of those buildings by giving them
away.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The purpose
indicated by the gentleman from Kentucky is
in fact one of the objects of the appropriation.
Mr. BECK, of Kentucky. I happen to live
opposite Judiciary square ; I cannol go to bed
at night without thinking what might be the
consequence if those buildings should take fire.
I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
For improving reservations on various avenues,
$20,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move to amend by strik-
ing out the clause just read. I desire to call
the attention of the House to the fact that the
items of appropriations of this class amount
to the enormous sum of $124,500 ; yet, after
42b Cons. 3d Sess.—No. 100.
