1873,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
62J
Pennsylvania, late soldiers in the Army, pray-
ing the passage of the bill granting bounty and
land warrants to all honorably discharged sol-
diers, sailors, and marines of the late war for
the Union ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
He also presented the petition of the widow
of Major D. P. Heap, praying for relief for
herself and children; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SCOTT. I also present a resolution,
in the naMire of a petition, of the city councils
of Philadelphia, requesting Congress to make
an appropriation for the improvement of the
navigation of the Delaware river by tjie re-
moval of the obstructions at the Horseshoe
shoal and Fort Mifflin bar, and for the erection
of additional light-houses. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of
Dewitt C. Chipman, late collector of internal
revenue eleventh district of Indiana, praying
the paymeut of money withheld from him to
cover uncollected revenue tax during bis in-
cumbency in office; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of the State
Temperance Alliance of Indiana, praying for
the prohibition of the manufacture, importa-
tion, and sale of all intoxicating liquors to be
used as a beverage in the Territories of the
United States and in the District of Colum-
bia ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of tem-
perance societies of Wisconsin, signed by
their officers, praying for the prohibition of
the manufacture, importation, and sale of all
intoxicating liquors to be used as a beverage
in the Territories of the United States and in
the District of Columbia ; which was referred
to the Committee on die Revision of the Laws
of the United States.
Mr. STEVENSON presented petition
of Good Templars of the State of Kentucky,
numbering about twenty-five thousand, pray-
ing for the prohibition of the manufacture,
importation, and sale of all intoxicating
liquors to be used as a beverage in the Ter-
ritories of the United Stales and in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was referred to the
Committee on the Revision of the Laws of the
United States.
He also presented the memorial of J. W.
Iredell, jr., heir of John Corliss, deceased,
praying to be indemnified for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the year 1801;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of the
Independent Order of Good Templars of
Shenwood's Lodge, New York, signed by its
officers, praying for the prohibition of the
manufacture, importation, and sale of all
intoxicating liquors to be used as a beverage
in the Territories of the United States and in
the District of Colombia; which was referred
to the Committee on the Revision of the Laws
ot the United States.
He also presented a petition of citizens
of the State of New York, asking for the pro-
hibition of the manufacture, importation, and
sale of all intoxicating liquors to be used as a
beverage in the Territories of the United
States and in the District of Columbia ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Revision
of the Laws of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
Martha C. Woodward, of Toledo, Ohio, grand-
daughter aod hair of Benjania Williams, de-
ceased, praying to be indemnified for spolia-
tions committed by the French prior to the
year 1801; which waB ordered to lis cm the
table.
He also presented a petition of a large num-
ber of soldiers, citizens of Ohio, praying the
passage of the bounty land bill; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He alsa presented a petition of Sons of
Temperance of Ohio, signed by its officers,
praying for the prohibition of the manufac-
ture, importation, and sale of all intoxicating
| liquors to be used as a beverage in the Terri-
i tories of the United States and in the District
of Columbia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Revision of the Laws of the
United States.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, praying for the prohibition of the manu-
facture, importation, and sale of all intoxi-
cating liquors to be used as a beverage in the
| Territories of the United States and in the
District of Columbia; which was referred to
! the Committee on the Revision of the Laws of
the United States.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition, signed
by a large number of soldiers who served in
the late war. residing in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, praying for the passage of the bounty
land hill; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lauds.
TERRITORIAL LEGI3LATUKK9.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Territories,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3364)
regulating the compensation of the members
and officers of the Legislative Assemblies of the
several Territories of the United States, and
limiting the duration of the sessions of said
Assemblies, have had the same under consid-
eration and have directed me to report it back
without amendment and to ask that it be put
on its passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that the sessions of
the Legislative Assemblies of the several Ter-
ritories of the United States shall be limited
to forty days' duration '; that the mem\>6rg of
each branch of those Legislatures shall receive
a compensation of six dollars per day during
the sessions, and such mileage as is now pro-
vided by law, except that the president of the
council and the speaker of the house of rep-
resentatives shall each receive a compensation
of ten dollars per day. The additional officers
of each branch of these Legislative Assemblies
are to consist of one chief clerk, who shall
receive a compensation of eight dollars per
day, and of one assistant clerk, one enrolling
I clerk, one engrossing clerk, one sergeant-at-
arms, one doorkeeper, one messenger, and
| one watchman, who shall each receive a com-
pensation of five dollars per day during the
sessions. After the 1st of July, 1873, the
1 annual salaries of the Governors of the sev-
eral Territories of the United States are to be
$3,500, and the salaries of the secretaries of
the Territories $2,500 each. The provisions
; of the act are not to apply to the District
of Columbia. No law of any territorial Legis-
lature is to be made or enforced by which any
officer of a Territory herein provided for, or
the officers or members of any territorial Legis-
lature, shall be paid any compensation other
than that provided by the laws of the United
States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, fead
the third time, and passed.
TERRITORIAL PRNITKNTIARjIES.
Mr. NYE. The Committee on Territories,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3832)
transferring the control o£ certain territorial
penitentiaries to the several Territories in
which the same are located, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment,
and I ask to have it pat oaits passage at this
time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It repeals so much of the act
in relation to certain territorial penitentia-
ries, approved January 10, 1371, placing the
penitentiaries in the Territories of Montana,
Idaho, Wyoming, and Colorado under the care
and control of the respective United States
marshals for those Territories, and transfers
the care and custody of those penitentiaries,
and the personal property thereunto belong-
ing and the use and occupation thereof to
those Territories, respectively, until otherwise
ordered by the Attorney General; but the
legal title to these penitentiaries and this
property shall continue to vest in the United
States. These respective Territories are to
keep and maintain iu the penitentiaries trans-
ferred to their custody and control all persons
convicted in the respective Territories of vio-
lations of the laws of the United States, and
sentenced to imprisonment therefor, and all
persons held to answer for alleged violations
of the laws of the United States in the re-
spective Territories at the rate and price, to
be paid by the United States out of the judi-
ciary fund, of one dollar per day for each
person so imprisoned.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
POST ROUTK8 IN MAINE.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have been directed by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 33fjP)
establishing post routes in the State of Maine,
to report it back without amendment. I ask
for its consideration at the present time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which proposes to establish post
roads from East Baldwin, via North Baldwin,
Sebago, and South Bridgeton, to Bridgeton ;
from Gray Depot to Gray Corner, in the county
of Cumberland; Maine.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time) and passed.
VIENNA EXPOSITION.
Mr. SCHURZ. I have been directed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
170) to enable the people of the United States
to participate in the advantages of the inter-
national exposition to be held at Vienna in
1873, to report the same back with amend-
ments ; and I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate for its immediate consideration.
No objection being made, the Senate, aa in
Coi&raittee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. In order to enable
the people of the United Stated to participate
in the advantages of the international exhibi-
tion of the products of agriculture, manufac-
tures, and the fine arts, to be held at Vienna
in the year 1873, the joint resolution appropri-
ates $100,000, or so much thereof as may he
necessary, for the purpose specified, which
sum is to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary ox State. The President is to
appoint a number of practical artisans, not
exceeding twelve, who shall attend the exhibi-
tion and report their doings and observations
to hint, and whose actual and reasonable ex-
penses, not to exceed $1,000 each, are to be
paid from the fund. The Governors of the
several States are requested to invite the
patriotic people of their' respective States i o
assist in the proper representation of the
handiwork of our artisans, and the prolific
sources of material wealth with irhich our
land is blessed; and to take such further
measures as may be necessary to diffuse a
knowledge of the proposed exhibition, and to
secure to their respective States the advant-
ages which it promises.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relajtiqna Was in line nine
bf sectioa one, u> strike out "one" and
insert " three*" so aa to. make the appropri-
ation $300,000. . • "
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that amend-
ment will not be adopted. I. am opposed to
the whole thing. We have appeared at these
expositions abroad in several instances and
have found that foreigners take possession of
our inventions and pay us nothing in return.
