622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January' 16,
I am utterly opposed even to appropriating
the first hundred thousand dollars.
Mr SCHUHZ. Mr. President, 1 would
say in reply to the Senator from Michigan
that it'there is any possibility of stealing pat-
ent-rights, it can be done by foreigners com-
ing here, going into our Patent Office, and
copying there the models and descriptions of
our luveutious just as well as by our carrying
them over to have them stolen there.
But if the objection is good, then certainly
we ought not to have any international exhi-
bition here at all, for that is calculated to
attract the business men of the whole world,
and they then would steal all our patents, and
c.irry them abroad aud use them for their own
advantage. Therefore the objection brought
forward by the Senator from .Michigan would
strike down the whole idea of holding inter-
national exhibitions.
But those inventors and patentees who do
not want to expose themselves to that danger
may stay at home and keep their inventions
here.
But, in the third place, the Austrian Govern-
ment, as I have been informed by the com-
missioner appointed by the President, has
issued a decree which protects American and
all other foreign patentees. I have the law
here, and if the Senator from Michigan desires
it. I will read it for information.
The law was promulgated on the 15th of
August. 1872. Exclusive privileges granted
for new discoveries, inventions, or improve-
ments to natives or foreigners residing in or
represented in Austria. Duration of patents
fifteen years at most from date; imported
inventions for the unexpired term of the
patent. The latter grants are made to the
foreign patentee only, or his proxy, provided
the invention has not been worked in the Aus-
trian empire.
Then comes a statement of the fees. The
patent must be worked within one year and
not be interrupted for two years. The longest
term may be extended by the emperor.
As to infringements, first, imitating the object
of a patentconstitutes an infringement; second,
importing counterfeit articles; and third, sell-
ing such counterfeit articles. Patent-rights
extend through ill the Austrian dominion ;
that is to say, Austria proper, Bohemia, Aus-
trian Italy, the Polish provinces, Istria, Salz-
burg, Sfyria, Moravia, and the Tyrol.
The treaty on trade-marks between the
United States and Austria was concluded No-
vember 2o, 1871, by which it is provided that
"every reproduction of trade-marks which in
the countries or territories of the one of the
contracting parties are affixed to certain mer-
chandise to prove its origin and quality, is
forbidden in the countries or territories of the
other of the contracting parties, and shall give
to the injured party ground for such action or
proceedings to prevent such reproduction and
to recover damages for the same as may be
authorized by the lawg of the country in
which the counterfeit is proven, jnst as if the
plaintiff were a citizen of the country,'- &c.
Now, here is the Austrian law referring to
the articles to be exhibited in 1873 :
Article one, that " any native or foreigner
who exhibits at the universal exposition of
1873, at Vienna, an object subject to patent can
obtain from the director general of the expo-
sition a certificate of protection." The appli-
cation must be made to the director general
before the article is placed on exhibition, with
a precise description of the object, accom-
panied by suitable plans or designs in dupli-
cate, or two duplicates, of the marks referred
to, or of the pattern or modeL, and in separate
wrappers.
Article two, "the certificate of protection
will be gratuitously issued by the director gen-
eral, with the cooperation and counter-signa-
ture ef a person for that purpose designated."
The certificate extends protection until the
31st of December, 1873, and gives the "same
rights which a regularly acquired patent would
confer.''
Article three makes no appeal possible from
the decree of the director general granting or
refusiug such certificate. Much has been said
by objectors against this provision ; but observe
that a certificate is to be issued before the
article is exposed on exposition, aud therefore
if refused the article need not be exposed. It
can never be refused except where the article
is clearly not patentable.
Article four provides for a special register
of these certificates, and article five provides
for the publication of the certificates, the
descriptions, plans, &c., to be kept secret, if so
desired, in the application.
From this it would appear that foreign
pateutees are amply protected there; at any
rate they are as amply protected there as they
are here against that kind of piracy which the
Seuator from Michigan apprehends.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to have
the yeas and nays upon this amendment in-
creasing the appropriation from $100,000 to
$300,000. It is very well known that as a gen-
eral rule the exhibitors at these international
exhibitions are men of great wealth. The
largest manufacturing companies—for exam-
ple, I am told the Pullman Car Company—will
be represented there, one of the wealthiest cor-
porations perhaps in the United States. Under
this proviso, as 1 understand it, we are to
pay out of the Treasury of the United States
the expense of transporting the articles that
are to be exhibited for the benefit of these very
wealthy corporations. I am opposed to it, and
desire to record my vote against the amend
ment. I shall not oppose the original resolu-
tion as it came from the House.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 am very willing that
we shall have the yeas and nays on this ques-
tion, because I have no doubt the amendment
will prevail under a call of the yeas aud nay-:.
I am only surprised that my friend, the Sen
ator from Michigan, who is generally so lib-
eral in all that relates to the industries of this
country, should just now make any opposition
to a great measure like this which is to affect
our interests very much. We arc going lo
have an exposition in our own country in a
very few years ; and how shall we expect for-
eigners to come here if we do not go to see
them ? Sir, it is with nations as it is with
individuals ; if you extend no civilities to your
neighbors, they will extend none to you. As
to the amount of money to be appropriated,
$100,000 will not anything like pay the ex-
penses that will be necessarily incurred ; and
when you do a thing at all, you should do it
gracefully and liberally ; in other words, you
should do it in such a way as that it shall be
grateful to those who recieve and to those who
give.
I trust there will be no opposition to the
joint resolution. I was almost about to say
that it would be discreditable not to vote for
the resolution, but I will not say that becauso
one Senator has said that he would oppose it.
Mr. SCHURZ. I desire to add a very few
words to what the Senator from Pennsylvania
has said. In the first place, the expenditure
of this money will be controlled by the Secre-
tary of State, and I suppose we have con-
fidence that he will spend no more than is
absolutely necessary. In the second place,
there are a great many objects for which this
money is to be expended, and for the inform-
ation of the Senate I will enumerate those
objects as they have been stated to me by
fentlemen connected with the commission,
'irst, office expenses of our commission in
New York, freight from Trieste to Vienna, and
back ; unpacking and installation of goods;
guards, interpreters, local commissioners, and
general office expenses at Vienna; exhibition
tax for place occupied in building ; the build-
ing of foundations for our machinery ; adver-
tising, catalogues, circulars, insurance, free
packing, aud returning goods to exhibitors,
cost of scientific commission to visit and
report on the exhibition, printing and circu-
lating reports of scientific commission, salaries
of commissioner general and assistant com
missioners; separate structures in park for
agriculture, schools, &c.
It seems to me that if we are to exhibit at
all at Vienna, we ought to be liberal in our
appropriations so as to represent the country
as favorably as possible. And I again call
attention to one point that the Senator from
Pennsylvania has made, that in all likelihood
we shall have an exhibition in this country in
187(1, and if we expect foreign nations to be
well represented here we ought certainly to be
liberal in extending the same facilities to our
own citizens at exhibitions in other countries
and show our good will toward them. I am
sure the appropriation here proposed is not
only not too large, but may fall short of the
actual expenses.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have no objection
to a proper amount being appropriated for the
purposes indicated by this resolution, but in
iny judgment the amount named in the amend-
ment is entirely too large. If that amount ia
placed at the disposal of the Secretary of State,
there will be various applications by parties to
go to Vienna and exhibit goods and it will add
nothing to the character of the American peo-
ple, while many persons would like to go no
doubt and would go if they were left to them-
!■ selves. It is not necessary for us to appropriate
i such an amount as this. 1 am decidedly in favor
of restricting the amount to at least one half,
i We ought to have some regard to the expenses
of this Government, in the appropriations that
! are made. If we now appropriate $300,000 for
this purpose a few gentlemen will go over to
Europe and have a good time and exhibit their
productions, and no special advantage, as I ap-
prehend, will result from that exhibition. I
ain willing to vote for a proper allowance, but
$300,000, in my judgment, is too much.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I think this
amendment involves the question whether we
shall participate in the Vienna exposition or
not. If we do participate in it, it would seem
I to me that it would commend itself to the good
judgment of every Senator that we make such
an appropriation as will enableus to make a
respectable appearance in that exposition.
The Committee on Foreign Relations have
given the matter a very careful consideration,
and I think every one of the members of the
committee thought a much larger sum might
wisely and judiciously be appropriated ; but
acting on a system of close and rigid economy,
that economy which shall be limited only by
that which will be respectable to us as a peo-
ple, we have reported the sum of $300,000.
If but $100,000 is to be appropriated I am
against the bill, because when we go there to
present the industrial and the mechanical arts
of this country every American citizen would
feel that we should do it in a manner that
should be creditable to us as a people. I think
the amendment involves all that—whether it
shall be creditable to us, or whether it shall be
abandoned ; and in that view I think it was
that the committee have reported this sura.
I Jo not think the objections which have
been stated by the Senator from Delaware are
at all well founded. The sums are to be paid
only for specific purposes. The gentlemen
who, as the Senator says, go there for a good
time, (and many may go,) will be in that class
who are denominated honorary commissioners
without any compensation. We provide, I
think, for eight skilled mechanics and artisans
who shall be practical men to look after the
matter practically, and seven scientific men who
shall report to Congress upon such subjects
of a scientific character as shall be most use-
ful to us as a people. That is the precise bill,
and the money can only be expended for that
which is practical. The only persons who arc
to be paid are the skilled mechanics and scien-
tific men who go there for a specific purpose.
