1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1587
out that paragraph for the purpose of inquir-
ing where that reservation is and what it is.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I really forget
now where it is. [Laughter.] Ah! I recollect
no w; it is on the street south of this wing of the
Capitol; there is a lot there of twenty acres
that has been formed by the filling in of the
canal. It is found to be a nuisance, and it
is necessary that something should be done.
The Committee on Appropriations cut down
the appropriation from $10,000 to the amount
named in this clause. The reservation is
within two blocks of the Capitol, directly south
of this wing of the Capitol.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
For improving four triangular reservations on
Pennsylvania avenue, east of the Capitol, by inclos-
ing, draining, and introducing water, and for trees
and shrubs, and for setting out same, S3,000.
Mr. SPEER. I move to strike out that
paragraph, and I do it for this purpose : if I
understood the explanation given by the
chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations when the paragraph commencing at
line nine hundred and three was under dis-
cussion, it was that the appropriation of
$20,000 was for the purpose of laying out
and beautifying the various reservations in
this city.
Mr. GARFIELD of Ohio. The various
reservations not specified in the bill.
Mr. SPEER. If that is so, it is not so
stated in the bill, which specifies nearly all
the reservations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, no.
Mr. DICKEY. There are over thirty of
these reservations.
Mr. SPEER. Very well. Then I wish to
say in answer to the charges of the gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargent] a few mo-
ments ago, that although the Committee on
Appropriations are pressed with various and
difficult duties—and 1 have no fault to find gen-
erally with the manner in which they discharge
them—that although a new member upon this
floor, I do not concede it to be the right of
any member of the committee to challenge
and assail the motives of the minority here
when they ask information on the details of
the bill and question the necessity of any
appropriation it contains.
When a sweeping charge is made that we are
endeavoring to 'embarrass the Government, it
is alike unjust and unfounded. I cannot see
what the appropriations now under discus-
sion relating to the squares and buildings of
this city have to do with the character of the
President or the manner in which he discharges
the duties of his office. We bring no railing
accusation against the President; but the peo-
ple of the country, and we, as their Represen-
tatives, have a right to challenge every item m
this bill, and if the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] or any other gentleman calls
for an explanation of an appropriation, it does
not, in my judgment, become the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sargent,] as a member
of the Committee on Appropriations, instead
of giving the desired information, to question
the motives of those who call for it and to say
that we are carping and howling and making
unjust charges against the Administration.
Assaults upon the character of the Democratic
party and its members are entirely out of place
in this discussion. Sir, that party is tempo-
rarily defeated, but it is not dishonored, and
in the long line of the past its history is glo-
rious ; and it seems to me that common courtesy
if not common decency should have caused
the gentleman from California to remember
that the committee of which he is a member
is partially composed of gentlemen of the
minority who vote on every item m this bill
with the committee. .
It seems to me that in the discharge ot his
duties here he disregards the rights of the min-
ority of the House and seeks to practice that
tyranny which unbridled power so often begets.
Is a bill introduced by the Committee on Ap-
propriations the law of this House ? Is it so
nearly perfect that no amendment can be made
or even dare be proposed 1 Cannot we chal-
lenge it when we do so respectfully and in
parliamentary language? Or are we to ac-
cept it because the committee deem it right
on calculations and estimates unknown to- the
House, and often made by interested parties ?
Are we to accept a bill appropriating nearly
thirty millions without a word of explanation,
when some explanation is demanded by com-
mon honesty and official duty? And when
we ask for information are we to have taunts
and insults heaped upon the party we repre-
sent ?
I do not hesitate to say that such a course is
unworthy of the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Sargent,] charged as he is by the posi-
tion he holds, to furnish to the House and the
country proper information as to the purpose
and necessity of the expenditure of the public
money. Personal and party flings may suit
his taste and inclination, but they shed no
honor upon him, and if he reflects the views of
his political friends upon the committee in
making these charges against the motives and
character of the minority of the House, let
him so state, that we may know where we are
and whither we are tending. This much I
have said, not in the spirit of party or faction,
but as due to the hour and the occasion.
Mr. SARGENT. I read no lecture to
the minority of this House. I did reply to
some remarks of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Hot,man,] who said that unless the ut-
most parsimony was exercised in the expendi-
ture of public money the whole expenditure
would go into corrupt hands and be corruptly
disposed of. If that did not refer to the
present Administration, then I do not under-
stand the English language. I replied to that
remark in proper terms. I did not refer to
the gentleman himself, nor to his side of the
House.
Mr. SPEER. You referred to the party.
Mr. SARGENT. I said that men come in
here, and being out of power, failing to obtain
it, their party being worn out, their only re-
source was to abuse everybody in power, and
say " If you will only restore us the country
will bo all right and all wrongs will be
remedied."
Mr. CREBS. So they would.
Mr. SARGENT. I said merely what was
due to myself and the committee upon which I
serve. I made only a fair and proper defense
of that committee and its action before this
House. I might have gone on, had I time,
and referred to the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Hot.man] in another respect. He gets
up here and objects to an appropriation of
$5,000, or perhaps of only $2,500, and yet but
a short time since when nearly $2,000,000 was
asked for from the Treasury of the United
States for the benefit of his State and one or
two others, he sat here and said not a word
against it.
The gentleman is a watch-dog of the Trea-
sury, I admit. He is like a good watch-dog
who always allows members of the family to
pass, but bites and barks at any stranger who
may come along. If there is_ anything for the
benefit of others not on his side of the House
he is upon his mettle, and we can hear him
well enough. But when two or three millions
are asked for for the benefit of his own State
he says nothing. _ _ .
Again, when a proposition was submitted
here the other day by which a saving of from
eighty-five to a hundred thousand _ dollars a
year would be made in the publication of the
debates of Congress, he voted against it. And
when a proposition came up to go back to a
timewhen-the memory of no man now living
can reach and reopen and readjust claims
arising under a war that occurred fifty or sixty
years ago, and to open old claims once settled,
we find the gentleman voting for that propo-
sition.
Gentlemen talk about our bringing forward
party schemes. Sir, the Committee on Appro-
priations have brought forward the cleanest
bills ever brought forward in any Congress.
There has not been a single claim on any
appropriation bill brought forward by that
committee during this session or during this
Congress. We have made it a rule that when
any claim happens to be sent to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations it shall be reported back
to the House and referred to the Committee
of Claims, or whatever other committee prop-
erly has charge of it. Look all through the
bills which the committee have reported, and
you will find that to be their character.
With regard to the very class of appropria-
tions now under consideration, we sifted them
thoroughly, leaving out many entirely, cutting
down some one half and others one third,
making a reduction on the average of at least
sixty per cent.; and we say we are entitled to
fair consideration on the part of members of
this House. If we have made mistakes, if we
have reported items which the majority of the
House think should not be in this bill, then let
members object to those items, giving reasons
for their abjections, and not make them the pre-
text for assailing the Administration and every
man who may be in public office, and saying
that he is stained by corruption and that we
must not make appropriations for fear they
will stick in the hands of those who may be
called upon to disburse them. It is to that I
objected, and not to a respectful criticism or
examination of the bills we have reported.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the
last word of this paragraph. I did make the
remark that all the money appropriated beyond
what was imperatively required by the exigen-
cies of the public service was inevitably a cor-
ruption fund. The statesmen who directed
the councils of this Government for at least
seventy-five years of its history have acted upon
that principle. Although the period of my
service in this House does not extend very far
back, I can remember very well that during
the first session in which I served a proposi-
tion to appropriate only $100 out of the Treas-
ury for the improvement of the Smithsonian
grounds gave rise to an earnest discussion
among the members of this House.
Now a member is regarded as having lost
all proper sense of his position if he should
attempt to arrest the attention of the House to
a proposition involving less than thousands;
and what are the results? I repeat with the
utmost confidence the proposition 1 have ut-
tered—a principle acted upon by those who
controlled the councils of the American people
during the first three quarters of a century of
our legislative history—that every dollar of
appropriation beyond the absolute wants of the
nation is in the nature of a corruption fund.
And as a result of this severe economy for
three quarters of a century, the purity of the
administration of our Government was such as
to challenge comparison, not only with any
other nation of modem times, but with the
purest periods of the republics of antiquity.
Indeed, sir, this Republic during that period
of our history, that period of severe economy
and of simplicity and purity in Government,
has challenged the admiration of the nations.
Mr. Chairman, I have never discussed
financial questions on this floor in a partisan
sense. I do not remember ever to have re-
ferred to political parties in discussing finan-
cial questions. The gentleman from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Sargent,] however, thinks proper
to go out of his way to criticise my course.
He gives me credit for being watchful over
the Treasury, except where the interests of my
own State and people are concerned ; and he
charges that in such cases I am as extravagant
as other gentlemen who make no pretensions to
economy. Let me say to the gentleman that
I voted with reluctance for the proposition to
