1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
All others who go will go at their own expense.
There are gentlemen who may desire to go
there, and the bill provides that if they want
an official position which may be worth some-
thing to them in that country, they may assume
and have the position of honorary commis-
sioners at their own expense and at no ex-
pense to the Government; and in that form I
hope the bill will address itself to the good
judgment and favorable consideration of the
Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I am
not at all anxious that the United States shall
be represented at Vienna. Senators who were
on this floor when we made an appropriation
for the Paris exhibition will remember that
there was no end to the objects for which money
was required. After we had appropriated a
certain sum for the commissioners, we were
then asked to make au appropriation to build
a honse to hold the very articles we sent there
to be exhibited; and 1 should not be at all
surprised if we were in this case invited not
only to attend the feast but to bring our chairs
and knives and forks. I shall be surprised at
nothing. I am not at all anxious to be again
treated as we were at the exhibition in Paris.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, this expo-
sition is expected to be the greatest that has ever
been h eld in any country, and far exceeding that
at Paris or London. It will be visited not only
from every part of Europe, but from every part
of the world. I take it that so far as the exhibi-
tions at Paris and London were concerned they
were absolute misrepresentations of our coun-
try. They gave wrong notions in regard to the
U nited States. It was expected by the people
who went there that the United States did the
best she could and sent everything for ex-
hibition that she had. That was the expect-
ation and belief, and onr exhibition was so
meager compared with what it ought to have
been that improper notions prevailed through-
out all Europe in regard to our resources and
our manufactures. They thought wo had but
little in this country, because we had shown
but little, and they took it for granted we had
shown all we had. Now, let us make no
exhibition at all, or let us make a good one.
Let us not show at all, or if we do show, make
such a show as will be creditable to this coun-
try. It will be die best advertisement of the
resources, the wealth, and the attractions of
the United States that can be made; an ad-
vertisement to be read and understood by the
people of all Europe. It will be an invitation
to our country of the best kind of immigration
from every country in Europe. We want it
to come. We want it to be composed of the
best people. And the best people of Europe
will have an opportunity of understanding
from this exposition what we have got in the
United States to offer, the inducements that
we hold out to the world to come here.
Now, sir, I am in favor of this appropriation
and I am in favor of making it so liberal that
our Government will be able to exhibit the
chief productions and manufactures of the
United States under such advantageous cir
cumstances that it will not be a misrepresent-
ation and an absolute injury to our country,
as was oar exhibition at Paris and at Londou ;
for, as I before remarked, the people who went
there supposed that our country had done her
best, and the showing was so meager that they
went away with wrong notions in regard to
our resources.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator from Indi-
ana permit me to make a remark right there ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. 8CHURZ. I would add to what he has
said that, as I am informed by the commis-
sioner, the United States have the most con-
spicuous place in the exhibition, immediately
near the entrance of the building, so that the
visitor to the building will see the department
of the United States first and of course his
attention will be first attracted to it.
Mr. MORTON. That statement is import-.
ant, because if we are to have the most con-
spicuous place in the crystal palace at Vienna,
and it is not half filled up, if there is "a beg-
garly amount of empty boxes" as there was
at Paris, that goes to our discredit, and they
will say that we had nothing to put there. As
they have given us an importaut place in the
building, let it be filled up, and let the United
States show what she can produce, what she
can make. Let us make an exhibition that
shall be worthy of our great country, and that
will fix the eyes of the world more upon it than
' they have ever been. I am for the resolution.
, Mr. SAULSBURY. If in order I move
to amend the amendment by striking out
" $300,000" and inserting " $150,000."
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order.
The question is on the amendment of the
Senator from Delaware to the first amendment
of the committee.
Mr. SAULSBURY. As I before said, I am
not opposed to this exhibition, but I believe
that in the present condition of the finauces
! of this country, in view of the large debt now
' pressing upon the people of the United States,
I which is to be met by taxation, we ought to be
; guarded and cautious in the expenditures
which we make for this or for any other pur-
! pose. If we continue to make lavish expend-
itures for every purpose that may be conceived
' of, the people of this country will not be re-
I lieved soon from the onerous taxation under
! which they are now groaning.
| Why, sir, more than one half the people of
this country can scarcely make out to live, ]
' and yet they are compelled to pay taxes. !
They care but very little about the exhibitions
; that are made in Europe, or anywhere else : '
they want relief from their onerous taxes, ana
: it becomes, as I conceive, the duty of the
Senate to guard the interests of the people.
, So far as I am individually concerned, while
I appreciate these exhibitions, until the taxes
of this-country are reduced I would curtail the
expenditures even by inhibiting any participa-
tion in them on our part. Nevertheless, to
meet what seems to be a general desire, I am
willing that there shall be some exhibition
from this country; but I believe $150,000
ought to pay all the legitimate expenses neces-
sary for such an enterprise, and therefore I
insist on my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SAWYER. I trust that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Delaware will not
prevail, and I think on his own statement of
the case we could not make a wiser expendi-
ture than this $300,000. He says the country
is overburdened with taxes. Now, I suppose
that Senator will admit that if there is anyone
source from which this country has grown rich
faster than any other one it is from the great
immigration which has come to us from the
continent and islands of Europe. A very
large part of the wealth of this country is due
to the immense immigration which has poured
in such au abonuding tide upon onr shores.
Now, sir, everything thatwe can do to encour-
age a good class of immigrants to come from
Europe here is so much added to the national
wealth ; and in the very view of the Senator
from Delaware himself, with the purpose of
lowering taxes, of increasing the resources of
this country, bringing to us wealth and capi-
tal by means of which our taxes may be de-
creased, there is no agency which costs so little,
which will produce so much, as showing to the
people of the civilized world what our resources
are, showing what our country really is, hav-
ing a fair exhibition of the arts and industries
of this country.
This exposition is to be at a point where
there is a class of people who as immigrants
are especially desirable, and no one acquainted
with the international exhibitions which have
been held in Europe up to this time can say
that the United States have been fairly repre-
sented. It is high time that the Government
took this matter in hand and lent, so far as it
can, its aid to insure a fair and respectable
representation of the industries, the arts,
and the sciences which are cultivated in this
country.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, I hold in
my haud a paper which I received last evening:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States in Congress assembled:
Whereas the members of the committees appointed
by a meeting of citizens of Providence, in the State
of Rhode Island, by the Board of Trade of said city,
and by the Khode Island Sooiety for the Encourage-
ment of Domestic Industry, to consider the interests
of Rhode Island in the Vienna exposition having
learned that the commissioner for the United States
intends to petition Congress for an appropriation of
$300,000 in aid of said exposition on the part of the
United States:
Resolved, That it is the opinion of this meeting of
said committees that such appropriation should be
made.
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be
signed by the chairman and s ecretary of this meet-
ing and sent to our Senators and Representatives in
Congress, and that they be requested to procure the
passage of such appropriation.
THOMAS W. BIGKNELIj, Chairman.
JOSEPH S. PITMAN, Secretary.
Providenck, January 10,1873.
I hope that the pending amendment will not
prevail.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Foreign Relations have reported an amend-
ment increasing the amount of the appropria-
tion from $100,000 to $300,000, pending which
the Senator from Delaware moves to amend the
amendment by striking out "$300,000" and
inserting " $150,000." The question is on the
amendment to the amendment. . .
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected, there being on a division—ayes 13,
noes 26.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the committee
increasing the amount to $300,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Tennes-
see [Mr. Cooper] has been detained at home
for a long time by sickness in his family, which
has resulted recently itl a death. He requested
that I should aunounce to the Senate this
reason for his absence.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 30, nays 18 ; as follows : .
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Buckingham,
Cameron, Carpenter, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Ferry
of Connecticut, Terry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen,
Hamlin, Harlan, Howe, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Morton, Patterson, Pool, Robertson, Sawyer,Schur«.
Soott, Spencer. Sprague, Stewart, West, Wilson,
Windom, and Wright—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Casserly. Chandler,
Davis, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Kelly,
Machen, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Saulsbury, Sherman, Tipton, Trumbull, and
Vickers—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low, Caldwell, Clayton, Cooper, Cragin, Edmunds,
Fenton, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill,
Hitohcoek, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewid,' Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Ransom, Rice, Stevenson, Stockton, Sum-
ner, and Thurman—26.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Foreign Relations was in line thirteen, to strike
out the word "twelve" and insert the words
"eight, and of scientific men not exceeding
seven;" so that the clause will read:
Provided, That the President be authorized to
appoint a number of practical artisans, not exceed-
ing eight, and of scientific men not exceeding seven,
wfio snail attend said exhibition, to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to hear
the whole section on that subject read-
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report it and the Chair will Chen submit
the question to the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. Perhaps lie is going
through the amendments now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He is going
through the amendments.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I withdraw my
request.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line sixteeh, to strike out the word "one"
and insert "twoj" so as to read, "whose
