1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1589
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not think
it necessary to enter into a discussion of the
questions adverted to by the gentleman from
New York, and I ask for a vote.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The following paragraph was read :
IV,r annual repairs of the Executive Mansion:
For refurnishing of and fuel for the same, and for
care, protection, and continuing permanent ini-
^"35 0001611 greenhouse at Executive Mansion,
Mr. HIBBAED. I move to amend the
paragraph by striking out " $35,000 " and in-
serting "$80,000." My object in moving
this amendment is first to make an inquiry
of the Committee on Appropriations. 1 un-
derstand it has been customary to appropri-
ate the sum embraced in this paragraph in
four separate items. I am not sure, but I
believe I am correct in saying that the appro-
priation has never been made before in one
item ; and I desire to know of the committee
why the amounts are here included in one
item.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will give the
gentleman the information presently.
Mr. HIBBARD. While the gentleman is
looking for it I will proceed to say that I
understand that in the early days of the Re-
public, and I think as late as 1858, no appro-
priation was made for fuel for the Executive
Mansion. At that time, or about that time,
the sum of $1,800 was appropriated. During
the days of the civil war, when prices were
inordinately high, that sum was increased to
$2,400. In late years—I am not exactly sure"
when it began—it has teen $5,000.
Now 1 understand, Mr. Chairman, that there
is not anybody who believes that it costs $5,000
for fuel for the Executive Mansion. I under-
stand that this is an indirect method of increas-
ing the salary of the President, and that that
is known to everybody who knows anything
about such matters. Now, then, if the Presi-
dent bas $5,000 which he is at liberty to ex-
pend as far as is necessary for fuel and the rest
for other expenditures in his establishment,
which in former times were paid from the
President's private purse, do the committee
propose to increase it now by giving him the
benefit of any margin which may exist on the
other items appropriated for in this paragraph?
In that event, instead of merely holding a
large portion of this $5,000 as an increase of
his salary, he may pel-haps have an increase
of $10,000 or more in this paragraph if it
should turn out that it does notrequire $10,000,
as provided in the estimates of the Secretary
of the Treasury, for refurnishing the Presi-
dent's House, or if the $10,000 estimated for
annual repairs, or the $10,000 estimated for
the care, protection, and improvement of the
executive greenhouse should not all be used
for those specific purposes. "Other appropria-
tions in the pending bill are made in detail
according to the arrangement of items in the
estimates. Why are these four" items grouped
together ?
If my information is correct the Govern-
ment has always paid the expense of furnish-
ing the Executive Mansion and of keeping it
in repair, but all or nearly all other expenses
were paid by the Presidents until within less
than twenty years past. From time to time
expenditures which for sixty or seventy years
had been borne by the Executive have been
assumed by the Government, until now we
have $5,000 annually appropriated for fuel,
besides an unknown sum for gas, $45,000
being appropriated for lighting the Capitol, the
Executive Mansion, and other public build-
ings. In addition to all this, various acts of
Congress provide for secretaries, clerks, a
steward, and a messenger for the President,
whose united salaries amount to $15,300 an-
nually, and Congress appropriates year after
year $7,-140 more for policemen, watchmen,
doorkeepers, and furnace keeper, and it is un-
derstood that assistants Or servauts of the Pres-
ident are detailed from other Departments and
paid for from the public Treasury. In this way
salary of the President, instead of being
$25,000, as it originally was, has been very
largely increased, though I am not prepared to
say how much it now amounts to. Do the Com-
mittee on Appropriations propose, by includ-
ing four items in one, to make the increase
still greater because it appears that the project
for doubling the President's salary is likely to
fail?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The commit-
tee threw these items together for no other
reason than to save space in the bill. I
would just as soon they should be separated.
In the first place, there is $10,000 appro-
priated for the annual repairs of the Pres-
dent's House. The whole ceiling of the ea3t
room must come down and be replaced, and
also two other ceilings besides. During the
last summer a whole ton of plaster fell at one
time, and it was fortunate that there was no
one present to be injured by the accident.
The appropriation for fuel is the ordinary
one, and then there is an appropriation of
$10,000 for improvements of the green-house
of the Executive Mansion. It was explained
to the Committee on Appropriations that the
wooden foundations of the green-house are
rotting away and must be replaced. The plan
is to replace them by permanent foundations
in iron, and we were of the opinion that it was
wiser to make a permanent framework and
structure of iron in a place where there is so
much steam that woodwork will certainly rot.
The $10,000 for refurnishing the Executive
Mansion is the amount which has always been
appropriated at the commencement of a Presi-
dential term for many years past. We simply
give here the ordinary appropriation, amount-
ing even now to $5,000 less than we gave last
year, for it will be remembered that last year
we had to put anew roof on the whole building.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I move to strike out
the last word. The gentleman says that $ 10,000
is the amount we usually appropriate for the
refurnishing of the Executive Mansion. We
appropriated $12,000 for this purpose last
year, and I have the bill containing the appro-
priation before me.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will remember that the carpet in the east
room was worn out, and it was absolutely
necessary to replace it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The appropriation
says nothing about the carpets, and certainly
$12,000 was not required to furnish a carpet
for that room.
Then again you appropriated $10,000 last
year for this green-house. Now, I want to
know if it is necessary that we shall appro-
priate $10,000 each year for this purpose.
Ten thousand dollars ought to build a respect-
able green-house for a private person, but you
appropriate $10,000 each year for this pur-
pose. The jumbling together of these items
will enable them to spend the whole $35,000
upon the green-house. Of course they will
expend the whole of the appropriation; I
never knew an appropriation that was not
expended. ,
Mr. HIBBARD. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] says that he has no objection
to having these appropriations made in separate
items. I therefore withdraw my amendment.
I do not propose to take up the time of the
committee by moving to leduce the appro-
priation, but simply propose to put the amount
of this appropriation in four items.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 have no ob-
jection to that.
Mr. HIBBARD. I propose to move the
following as a substitute for the paragraph :
For annual repairs of the- Executive Mansion,
^Fofrelurnishing the Executive Mansion, $10,000.
For fuel for the Executive Mansion, $5,0U0.
For care and protection of the green-house. Sc.,
$10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
very
The Clerk read as follows:
, Signal office:
For observation and report of storms by telegraph
and signals, for the benefit of commerce and agri-
culture throughout the United States, $296,825.
Mr. DAWES. I offer the following pro-
viso, to come in after line ten hundred and
eight:
Provided that, the chief signal officer may e'ause
to be sold any surplus maps or publications of the
signal Omoe, the money received therefor to be ap-
plied toward defraying the expenses of the signal
service.
Mr. HALE. I suggest to the gentleman
that he modify his amendment by adding the
words, "and an account of the same to be
rendered in each annual report of the chief
of the signal service."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What does the gen-
tleman mean by " surplus maps?"
Mr. DAWES. These little maps that we
receive every day. There are a grfeat many
people who want them, and who are willing to
give a penny apiece for them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would be
happy to give mine all away.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to itate the
object of this amendment. There are a great
many people who want these maps. The
demand upon the office for these maps is in-
creasing all the time. They print agreat many
more of these maps this year than they didlast
year, and a great many more this month than
last month. The people are willing to pay a
few pennies for them, if they can only 6btain
them regularly.
When I offered an amendment' the other
day, there was attached to it a provision
deemed necesssary to make it useful. But the
policy of Congress at this time is against illow-
ing these maps to go through the mails free of
postage. The proposition is to have dropped at
every post office within a hundred miles of each
weather station a copy of the weather bulle-
tin ; that a copy shall be put up at the door of
each post office, so that everybody can consult
it—farmers, merchants, and others. These
maps will cost but a penny each, or $8 65 a
year, to give to any person within a hundred
miles of a weather station knowledge of the
reports of the weather signal service. If that
Should enable one man to save the expense of
a new bat, it would more than save the cost of
one of the reports each day for a year. -
Now, I hope my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Faknsworth,] in the well-considered plan
which he has devised to take the place of the
franking privilege and to relieve us of the
burden of sending off documents, has taken
notice of this thing, and provided that these
little maps, these weather bulletins, may go
through the mails for a hundred miles around
each weather station, so that the farmers in
his neighborhood, and the farmers in my neigh-
borhood, and all the persons who are in the
habit of consulting those maps, may have an
opportunity to do so. These maps and reports
are considered important by peopje in gather-
ing their crops, in taking their journeys, in
killing and packing their pork, and in starting
upon almost any enterprise which is affected
by the weather.
There will be a charge for those maps of
only a penny each, which will help to defray the
expenses of this establishment. I commend
this matter to the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnswokth,] tor I know he has apian
all matured to take the place of the franking
privilege, and I hope he will not overlook this.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am delighted with
the plan suggested by my friend from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] The gentlemari pro-
poses for the farmers of the country to supply
them'with information as to when they shall
plant, their potatoes, cut their grass, by_send-
ing out to them by mail from the city of
Washington 
Mr. DAWES. I did not say any such thing.
1 knew the gentleman was not listening to what
I said. [Laughter.]
