1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
Laws of the United States.
4 2d Cong....3d Sess.
who married prior, and did not apply till sub-
sequent to the twenty-seventh day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, shall not be
held to have accrued prior to that date.
Sec. 17. That it shall be the duty of the
Commissioner of Pensions, upon any applica-
tion by letter or otherwise by or on behalf of
any pensioner entitled to arrears of pension
under the fifteenth section of this act, or, if
any such pensioner shall have died, upon a sim-
ilar application by or on behalf of any person
entitled to receive the accrued pension due
such pensioner at his or her death, to pay or
cause to be paid to such pensioner, or other
person, all such arrears of pension as the pen-
sioner may be entitled to, or (if dead) would
have been entitled to under the provisions of
said section had he or she survived; and no
claim-agent or other persons shall be entitled
to receive any compensation for services in
making application for arrears of pension.
■ Sec. 18. That the provisions of this act in
respect to the rates of pension are hereby ex-
tended to pensioners whose right to pension
aoorned under general acts passed since the
war of the Revolution and prior to the fourth
of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, to
take effect from and after the twenty-fifth day
of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-six; and
that the widows of revolutionary soldiers and
Bailors receiving a less sum shall be paid at
the rate of eight dollars per month from and
after the twenty-seventh day of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight.
Sec. 19. That in all cases in which the
cause of disability or death originated in the
service prior to the fourth day of March, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-one, and an application
for pension shall not have been filed within
three years from the discharge or death of the
person on whose account the claim is made,
or within three years of the termination of a
pension previously granted on account of the
service and death of the same person, the pen-
sion shall commence from the date of filing, by
the party prosecuting the claim, the last paper
requisite to establish the same: Provided,
That no claim allowed prior to the sixth day
of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, shall
be affected by anything herein contained.
Sec. 20. That nothing in this act shall be so
construed as to allow more than one pension
at the same time to the same person or to per-
sons entitled jointly ; but any pensioner who
shall so elect may surrender his or her certifi-
cate, and receive, in lieu thereof, a certificate
for any other pension to which he or she would
have been entitled had not the surrendered
certificate been issued' Provided, That all
payments previously made for any period cov-
ered by the new certificate shall be deducted
from the amount allowed by said certificate.
Sec. 21. That declarations of pension claim-
ants shall be made before a court of record, or
before some officer thereof having custody of
its seal, said officer hereby being fully author-
ized and empowered to'administer ana certify
any oath or affirmation relatingto any-pension
or application therefor: Provided, I hat the
Commissioner of Pensions may designate, in
localities more than twenty-five miles distant
from any place at which such court is holden,
persons duly qualified to administer oaths,
before -whom declarations may be made and
testimony taken, and may accept declarations
of claimants residing in foreign countries, made
before a United States minister or consul, or
before some officer of the country duly author-
ized to administer oaths for general purposes,
and whose official character and signature shall
be duly authenticated by the certificate of a
United States minister or consul; declarations
in claims of Indians made before a United
States agent; and declarations in claimsunder
the act of February fourteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-one, made before an officer
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 19.
duly authorized to administer oaths for general
purposes, when the applicants, by reason of
infirmity of age, are unable to travel: Provided,
That any declaration made before an officer
duly authorized to administer oaths for general
purposes shall be accepted to exempt a claim
from the limitation as to date of filing pre-
scribed in the fifteenth section of this act.
Sec. 22. That the CommissionerofPensions,
on application being made to him in person or
by letter by any claimant or applicant for pen-
sion, bounty-land, or other allowance required
by law to be adjusted or paid by the Pension
Office, shall furnish such person, free of fill
expense to him or her, all such printed instruc-
tions and forms as may be necessary in estab-
lishing and obtaining said claim ; and on the
issuing of a certificate of pension, or of a bounty-
land warrant, he shall forthwith notify the
claimant or applicant, and also the agent or
attorney in the case, if there be one, that such
certificate has been issued, or allowance made,
and the date and amount thereof.
Sec. 23. That no money on account of pen-
sion shall be paid to any person, 01- to the
widow, children, or heirs of any deceased per-
son who in any manner voluntarily engaged in,
or aided or abetted, the late rebellion against
the authority of the United States.
Sec. 24. That no claim for pension not pros-
ecuted to successful issue within five years from
the date of filing the same shall be admitted
without record evidence from the War or Navy
Department of the injury or the disease which
resulted in the disability or death of the per-
son on whose account the claim is made: Pro-
vided, That in any case in which the limitation
prescribed by this section bars the further
prosecution of the claim, the claimant may
present, through the Pension Office, to the
Adjutant General of the Army or the Suigeon
General of the Navy, evidence that the disease
or injury which resulted in the disability or
death of the person 011 whose account the claim
is made originated in the service and in the line
of duty ; and if such evidence is deemed satis-
factory by the officer to whom it may be sub-
mitted, he shall cause a record of the fact so
proved to be made, and a copy of the same to
be transmitted to the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, and the bar to the prosecution of the
claim shall thereby be removed.
Sec. 25. That if any pensioner, or any per-
son entitled to a pension, who during the
pendency of his application therefor has died
since March fourth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, or shall hereafter die, his widow>
or if no widow, his child or children, under
sixteen years of age, at the time ot his death,
shall be entitled to receive the accrued pen-
sion to the date of death, such accrued pen-
sion shall not be considered as a part of the
assets of the estate of deceased, nor liable to
be applied to the payment of the debts of said
estate in any ease whatever, but shall inure to
the sole and exclusive benefit of the widow
or children; and if no widow or child survive,
no payment whatsoever of the accrued pen-
sion shall be made or allowed, except so much
as may be necessary to reimburse the person
who bore the expenses of the last sickness
and burial of the decedent, in cases where he
did not leave sufficient assets to meet such
expenses.
Sec. 26. That the failure of any pensioner
to claim his or her pension for three years
after the same shall have become due shall be
deemed presumptive evidence that such pen-
sion has legally terminated by reason of the
pensioner's death, remarriage, recovery from
the disability, or otherwise, and the pension-
er's name shall be stricken from the list ot
pensioners, subject to the right of restoration
to the same on a new application by the pen-
sioner, or, if the pensioner is dead, by the
widow or minor children eulitled to receive the
accrued pension, accompanied by evidence
satisfactorily accounting for the failure to claim
such pension, and by medical evidence in
cases of invalids who were not exempt from
biennial examinations as to the continuance
of the disability.
Sec. 27. That when the rate, commence-
ment, and duration of a pension allowed by
special act are fixed by sueh act, they shall
not be subject to be varied by the provisions
and limitations of the general pension laws,
but when not thus fixed the rate and continu-
ance of the pension shall be subject to vari-
ation in accordance with the general laws,
and its commencement shall date from the
passage of the special act, and the Commis-
sioner of Pensions shall, upon satisfactory
evidence that fraud was perpetrated in obtain*
ing such special act, suspend payment there-
upon until the propriety of repealing the same
can be considered by Congress.
Sec. 28. That the term of limitation pre-
scribed by soctions sixteen and twenty-three
of this act shall, in pending claims of In-
dians, be extended to two years from and after
the passage of this act; that all proof which
has heretofore been taken before an Indian
agent, or before an officer of any tribe, com-
petent according to the rules of said tribe to
administer oaths, shall be held and regarded
by the Pension Office, in the examining mid
determining of claims of Indians now 011 file, as
of the same validity as if taken before an
officer recognized by the law at the time as
competent to administer oaths; that all proof
wanting in said claims hereafter, as well as in
those filed after the passage of this act, shall
be taken before the agent of the tribe to which
the claimants respectively belong ; that in re-
gard to dates, all applications of Indians now
on file be treated as though they were mado
before a competent officer at their respective
dates, and if found to bo in all other respects
conclusive, they shall be allowed ; and that
Indians shall be exempted from the obliga-
tion to take the oath lo support the Constitution
of the United States, required by the act of
February fourteenth, eighteen hundred and
sevonty-one, nroviding for pensions to certain
soldiers and "sailors of the war of eighteen
hundred and twelve, and to widows of deceased
soldiers.
Sec. 29. That the President shall appoint 111
the Department of the Interior, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, a com-
petent person, who shall be called the deputy
commissioner of pensions, with an annual
salary of twenty-five hundred dollars, who
shall be ehaiged with such duties in the Pen-
sion Bureau as may be prescribed by the Sec-
retary of the Interior or may be required by
law; and in case of the death, resignation,
absence, or sickness of the Commissioner, his
duties shall devolvo upon the deputy commis-
sioner until a successor shall be appointed, or
such absence or sickness shall cease.
Sec. 30. That the Commissioner of Pen-
sions is hereby authorized and empowered to
detail, from time to time, clerks in his office
to investigate suspected attempts at fraud on
the Government of the United States, through
and by virtue of the provisions of this or any
other act of Congress providing for pensions,
and to aid in prosecuting any person so offend-
ing, with such additional compensation as is
customary in cases of special service ; and thai
any person so detailed shall have the power to
administer oaths and take affidavits in the
course of any such investigation.
Sec. 31. That no agent or attorney or other
person instrumental in prosecuting any claim
for pension or bounty land shall demand or
receive any other compensation for his ser-
vices in prosecuting a claim for pension or
bounty laud than such as the Commissioner of
Pensions shall direct to be paid to him, not
