1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
625
Mr. CARPENTER. My amendment is to
insert as an additional section the following:
That there be, ami hereby is, appropriated out of
any iu< ney$ in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
printed, thp sum of to be expended by the
Secretary of \\ ar in the completion of tho Wash-
ington monument in the city of Washington.
Upon that amendment I ask for tlia yeas and
nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from California now demands the regular
order, the joint resolution will go over.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do, for the reasons I
have mentioned.
'1 he VICE PRESIDENT. The Calendar is
now before the Senate, but the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] yesterday gave notice
of his desire to report from the Committee on
Finance an amendment to the bill introduced
by the Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Buck-
ingham] in regard to specie payments, and
to speak not at great length on the subject
to-day.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move that the joint
resolution in regard to the Vienna exposition
be printed as amended.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to appeal
to the indulgence of the Senate for half an
honr or a little more, not to exceed forty min-
utes, to submit some observations in regard to
the bill mentioned by the Chair.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is some morning
business on the desks of Senators which had
better be disposed of first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Ohio will yield for that purpose the Chair
will receive reports of committees. Reports
of committees are now in order.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom were referred
a petition of sundry citizens of Kansas, pray-
ing for amendments to the postal laws of the
United States, one of which has already been
provided for by legislation in the postal code,
and also a petition asking that newspapers be
allowed to pass through the mails free, asked
to be discharged from their further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of F. W. Swift,
postmaster at Detroit, Michigan, praying to be
relieved from liability incurred by a dishonest
clerk, submitted a report thereon, and asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion.
The committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Eliza J. Humphrey, praying for a pension,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 1380) granting a pension to Eliza J.
Humphrey.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2509) grant
ing a pension to Mary E. Snively and Mavilla
S. Snively, reported it with an amendment;
and submitted a report thereon which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. H. No. 2478) grant-
ing a pension to Sarah Baird, reported it
without amendment; and submitted a report
thereon which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2539) for the
relief of Frederick Walter, company A, fourth
United States artillery, reported it with an
amendment; and submitted a report thereon
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2958) grant-
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 40.
in? a pension to Joseph Greer, reported it
with an amendment; and submitted a report
thereon which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2538) grant-
ing a pension to Mary A. Chute, reported it
without amendment; and submitted a report
thereon which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2505) to increase the pension
of Mrs. Hannah W. Sumner, widow of Major
General Edwin V. Sumner, who died March
21, 1863, while in command of the depart-
ment of the West, to report it back to the Sen-
ate with a recommendation that the bill be
indefinitely postponed. There is a report in
this case which explains at length the grounds
upon which this recommendation is based. I
I think it better that the bill should go on the
Calendar, and I move that the report be
printed, so that the Senate may be in posses-
sion of the reasons governing the committee
in their report.
j The motion was agreed to.
j Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
I Commerce, to whom was referred a memorial
! of the Board of Trade of Boston on the sub-
i ject, reported a bill (8. No. 1381) to further
; regulate the exportation of merchandise in
bond; which was read, and passed to the
second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1279) to fix the
compensation of the deputy collector of cus-
| toms at St. Paul, reported it with amendments.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am directed by the
Committee on Mines and Mining, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1354) in relation
to mineral lands, to report it back with an
amendment, and recommend its passage j and
I was instructed to ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to put it on its passage now. It
will occupy but a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That bill ought to go on
the Calendar. It relates to one of the most
important subjects we have before us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill will be placed upon the Cal-
endar.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, from the Com-
' mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
I whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2345)
for the relief of Daniel 0. Cleveland, postmas-
| ter at Broadalbin, in the State of New York,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
j a report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BOREMAN. I am instructed by the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1325) to remove the disabilities of cer-
tain persons therein named, to report it back
with amendments, and I wish to state that I
do not concur in the entire amendments, but
I report them under the instructions of the
committee.
Mr. KELLY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1662) fot the relief of
Brice X. Blair, postmaster at Huntingdon,
Pennsylvania, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2978) for the
relief of Francis B. Stewart, postmaster at
Altoona, Blair county, Pennsylvania, submit-
ted an adverse report thereon, and recom-
mended the indefinite postponement of the
bill.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask that that bill be placed
upon the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed upon the Calendar with the adverse
report of the committee, which will be ordered
to be printed.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 446) to abolish the office of surveyor at
the port of Chester, in Pennsylvania, and for I
other purposes, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Marcus Otterbourg,
praying compensation for services rendered as
chargfe d'affaires to the republic of Mexico,
asked to be discharged from its farther con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations; which was
agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2529) granting a pension to Martha P.
Greenlee, reported adversely thereon ; and the
bill was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2526) grant-
ing a pension to Christiana W. Murray, re-
ported adversely thereon; and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2528) grant-
ing a pension to Joseph Cressey, reported ad-
versely thereon ; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2525) grant-
ing a pension to Lucinda Thompson, reported
it without amendment; and submitted a report
thereon which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2499) grant-
ing a pension to Mary A. Miller, reported it
without amendment; and submitted a report
thereon which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2486) granting a pension
to Maria Clark, submitted an adverse report
thereon ; and the bill was postponed indefin-
itely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2519) grant-
ing a pension to Frances W. Evans, submitted
an adverse report thereon; and the bill was
postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1214) for the re-
lief of Allan Rutherford, submitted an adverse
report thereon, and moved the indefinite post-
ponement of the bill.
Mr. POOL. I prefer that that bill should
go on the Calendar with the adverse report
of the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, from the same
committee, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2548) to increase the pension of Susan
T. E. Williamson, submittedanadversereport
thereon, and moved the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask that that
bill be placed upon the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar with the adverse report of the
committee.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, from the same
committee, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2489) granting a pension to Nancy A.
Lawrence, submitted an adverse report thereon;
and the bill was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2487) grant-
ing a pension to Elizabetjj Black, reported it
without amendment; and submitted a report
thereon which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2546) grant-
ing a pension to Daniel Wooden, reported it
without amendment; and submitted a report
thereon which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FLANAGAN, from the Committee on
Post Offices and PoBt Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 1803) for the relief
of H. H. Meredith, late postmaster at Wade,
Bedford county, Virginia, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Pen-
