290
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pilar ch 3,
42d Cons....3d Bess.
Laws of the United States.
exceeding twenty-five dollars; and any agent
or attorney or any other person instrumental
in prosecuting any claim for pension or bounty
land, who shall directly or indirectly contract
for, demand, or receive or retain any greater
compensation for his services or instrumentality
in'prosecuting a claim for pension or bounty
land than is hereinbefore provided, or who
shall wrongfully withhold from a pensioner or
claimant the whole or any part of the pension
or claim allowed and due such pensioner or
claimant, or the land warrant issued to .any
such claimant, shall be deemed guilty of a high
misdemeanor, and, upon conviction thereof,
shall, for every such offense, be fined not ex-
ceeding five hundred dollars, or imprisoned at
hard labor not exceeding two years, or both,
at the discretion of the court. And if any
guardian having the charge and custody of the
pension of his ward shall embezzle the same
in violation of his trust, or fraudulently convert
the same to his own use, he shall be punished
by fine not exceeding two thousand dollars or
imprisonment at hard labor for a term not ex-
ceeding five years, or both, at the discretion
of the court.
Sec. 32. That any pledge, mortgage, sale,
assignment, or transfer of any right, claim, or
interest in any pension which has been, or may
hereafter be, granted, shall be void and of no
effect; and any person acting as attorney to re-
ceive and receipt for money for and in behalf
of any person entitled to a pension shall, be-
fore receiving said money, take and subscribe
an oath, to be filed with the pension agent,
and by him to be transmitted, with the vouchers
now required by law, to the proper accounting
officer of the Treasury, that he has no interest
in said money by any pledge, mortgage, sale,
assignment, or transfer, and that he does not
know or belieyethat the same has been so dis-
posed of to any person ; and any person who
shall falsely take the said oath shall be guilty
of perjury, and, on conviction, shall be liable
to the pains and penalties of perjury.
Sec. 33. That any person who shall know-
ingly or willfully iu any wise procure the mak-
ing or presentation of any false or' fraudulent
aflidavit concerning any claim for pension or
payment thereof, or pertaining to any other
matter within the jurisdiction of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, or shall knowingly or will-
fully present or cause to be presented at any
pension agency any power of attorney, or other
paper required as a voucher in drawing a pen-
sion, which paper shall bear a date subsequent
to that on which it was actually signed or
executed, such person so offending shall be
deemed guilty of a high misdemeanor, and
shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by a
fine not exceeding five hundred dollars, or
by imprisonment for a term not exceeding
three years, or by both, at the discretion of
the court before whom such conviction shall
bo had ; and no sum of money due, or to be-
come due, to any pensioner under the laws
aforesaid, shall be liable to attachment, levy,
or seizure, by or under any legal or equitable
process whatever, whether the same remains
with the Pension Office, or any officer, or agent
thereof, or is in course of transmission to tho
pensioner entitled .thereto, but shall inure
wholly to the benefit of such pensioner.
Sjso. 34. That in all cases of application for
the payment of pensions to invalid pensioners
to the fourth day of September of an odd year,
the certificate of an examining surgeon duly
appointed by the Commissioner of Pensions,
or of a surgeon of the Army or Navy, stating
the continuance of the disability for which the
pension was originally granted, (describingit,)
and the degree of such disability at the time
ot making the certificate, shall be required to
accompany the vouchers, and a duplicate there-
of shall be filed in the office of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions; and if in a ease of con-
tinued disability it shall be stated at a degree
below that for which the pension was origin-
ally granted, or was last paid, the pensioner
shall only be paid for the quarter then due at
the rate stated in the certificate: Provided,
That when a pension shall be granted for a
disability consequent upon the loss of a limb,
or other essential portion of the body, or for
other cause which cannot in whole or in part
be removed, or when a disability is certified
by competent examining surgeons, to the satis-
faction of the Commissioner of Pensions, to
have become permanent in a degree equal to
the whole rate of pension, the above certificate
shall not be necessary to entitle the pensioner
to payment: And provided further, That this
section shall not be construed to prevent tho
Commissioner of Pensions from requiring a
more frequent examination if, in his judgment,
it is necessary.
Seo. 35. That the Commissioner of Pensions
be, and he is hereby, empowered to appoint,
at his discretion, civil surgeons to make the
periodical examinations of pensioners which
are, or may be, required by law, and to ex-
amine applicants for pension, where he shall
deem an examination by a surgeon appointed
by him necessary; and the fee for such exam-
inations, and the requisite certificates thereof
in duplicate, including postage on such as a,re
transmitted to pension agents, shall be two
dollars, which shall be paid by the agent for
paying pensions in the district within which the
pensioner or claimant resides, out of any
money appropriated for the payment, of pen-
sions, under such regulations as the Commis-
sioner of Pensions may prescribe.
Sec. 36. That the Commissioner of Pensions
be authorized to organize, at his discretion,
boards of examining surgeons, not to exceed
three members, and that each member of a
board thus organized who shall have been actu-
ally presentand made, in connection with other
members or member, an ordered or periodical
examination, shall be entitled to the fee of one
dollar, on the receipt of a proper certificate of
said examination by the Commissioner of
Pensions.
Sec. 37. That examining surgeons duly ap-
pointed by the Commissioner of Pensions, and
such other qualified surgeons as may be em-
ployed in the Pension Office, may be required
by him, from time to time, as he shall deem
far the interests of the Government, to make
special examinations of pensioners, or appli-
cants for pension, and such examinations shall
have precedence over previous examinations,
whether special or biennial ; but when injustice
is alleged to have been done by an examina-
tion so ordered, the Commissioner of Pensions
may, at his discretion, selcet a board of three
duly-appointed examining surgeons, who shall
meet at a place to be designated by him, and
shall review such cases as may be ordered be-
fore them on appeal from any special examina-
tion as aforesaid, and the decision of such
board shall be final on the question so submit-
ted thereto, provided the Commissioner ap-
prove the same. The compensation of each of
such surgeons shall be three dollars, and shall
be paid out of auy appropriations made for the
payment of pensions, in the same manner as
the ordinary fees of appointed surgeons are or
may be authorized to be paid.
Sec. 38. That the Secretary of tfee Interior
be, and is hereby, authorized to appoint a duly
qualified surgeon as mcdical referee, who,
under the control and direction of the Com-
missioner of Pensions, shall have charge of
the examination and levision of the reports of
examining surgeons, and such other duties
touching medical and surgical questions in the
Pension Office, as the interests of the service
may demand ; and his salary shall be two thou-
sand five hundred dollars.per. annum. And the
Secretary of the Intei ior is further authorized to
appoint such qualified surgeons (not exceeding
four) as the exigencies of the service may re-
quire, who may perform the duties of examin-
ing surgeons when so required, and-who shall
be borne upon the rolls as clerks of the fourth
class: Provided, That such appointment shall
not increase the clerical force of'said bureau.
Sec. 39. That all acts and parts of acts in-
consistent or in conflict with the foregoing pro-
visions of this act are hereby repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXXXV.—An Act to declare the true
intent and meaning of the Act approved
June eight, eighteen hundred aud seventy-
two, amendatory of the general Bankrupt
Law.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it was the true in-
tent and meaning of an act approved June
eight, eighteen hundred and seventy-two, en-
titled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An
act to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States,' approved March
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven,"
that the exemptions allowed the bankrupt by
the said amendatory act should, and it is hereby
enacted that they shall, be the amount al-
lowed by the constitution and laws of each
State, respectively, as existing in the year
eighteen hundred and seventy-one; and that
such exemptions be valid against debts con-
tracted before the adoption aud passage of such
State constitution and laws, as well as those
contracted after the same, and against, liens
by judgment or decree of any State court, any
decision of any such court rendered since the
adoption and passage of such constitution and
laws to the contrary notwithstanding.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXXXVL—An Act toextend forfour
years the Act establishing the Board of Com-
missioners of Claims, and the Acts relating
thereto.
Be it enacted by the Senate And House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the second, third,
fourth, fifth and sixth sections of the act en-
titled "An act making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and seventy-two,
and for other purposes," approved March
third, eighteen hundred and seventy-one, and
the act entitled "An act to authorize the com-
missioners of claims to appoint special com-
missioners to take testimony and for other pur-
poses," approved May eleventh, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-two, be, and the same are
hereby, extended and continued in force for
four years from the tenth day of March, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and seventy-three.
Sec. 2. That the commissioners of claims
shall not receiveany petition for the allowance
of any.claim or claims unless such petition
shall be presented to and filed with them on
or before the third day of March, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-three ; and alt claims not so
presented shall be deemed to be barred for-
ever thereafter.
Approved, March 3,1873.
Chap. CCXXXVII.—An Act to amend an
Act entitled "An Act making Appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
seventy," approved March third, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, the sixth section of
an act entitled, "An act making appropriations
