1590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
February 21,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He expects the
farmer to come into town and hunt up the
report of the Signal Bureau, and then go
back home and decide when he shall sow or
reap, get his oats under cover, oat of the
storm. &c. All these things are for the ben-
efit of the farmer, he says, as if the farmer
was going to consult a map which in no" in-
stance is more than twelve hours in advance
of the thing which it prophesies; that the
farmer will come into town aud examine your
weather maps or the remarks of "probabili-
ties/' in order to determine when he shall
plant or sow, to reap or mow. From the
arguments that were made here last session,
from the encomiums that were passed on this
institution, I supposed that we were to get a
greater growth of children, that babies as
well as calves were to be weaned by its direc-
tions.
Mr. PETERS. The babies are bigger this
year.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Up in Maine, per-
haps, they are. But for my own part I have
seen some of these prognostications published
in the papers as "probabilities."' I recol-
lect that during this winter, one day when it
was snowing so furiously in Chicago that the
street cars were almost covered up, and they
were compelled to unhitch their horses and
leave the cars there .clogged by the. snow, your
signal service was prophesying " fair weather
for Chicago." Now how much the farmery
will be benefited by that sort of thing I can-
not conjecture.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope we shall
now have a vote.
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was agreed to; there being—ayes ninety-
three, noes not counted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after lines ninety-two, ninety-
three, and ninety-four:
That the sum appropriated by this act for paper,
engraving, printing, express charges, and, other ex-
penses of making and issuing the national currency
is appropriated on this condition: that the part of
said appropriation which shall, from time to time,
be expended for the purposes aforesaid, shall be
assessed by the Secretary of the Treasury and caused
to be oolloeted from the several national^ banking
associations in proportion to their respective circu-
lations, in addition to the tax now imposed on them,
a sum equal to the sum so expended, and cover the
same into the Treasury.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
point of order that this amendment proposes
to change existing law, and also that it is not
germane at this part of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is a limitation on the
appropriation. I ask the Clerk to read the
lines to which it applies.
The Clerk read as follows :
For paper, engraving, printing, express charges,
and other expenses ot making and issuing the
national currency, #100,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is out of order-
Mr. HOLMAN. It is simply a limitation
ou the appropriation. I must respectfully
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, "Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the committee?''
The question being taken, there' were—ayes
ninety-seven, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. PERCE. I move to amend by insert-
ing alter line ten hundred and eight the follow-
ing :
For the establishment of a signal station for ob-
servation arid report ot storms at Kansas University,
Lawrence, Kansas, the sum of $! ,500, the same to
applied to payment of expenses of telegraph
only.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I make the point
of order that this amendment proposes new
legislation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. _ I move that the
committee rise; and in doing so, i would ask
whether the House did not order a recess from
half past four o'clock till half past seven?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair knows noth-
ing about that.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
22, noes 96. •
So the motion to rise was not agreed to.
Mr. AMBLER. Less than a quorum voted,
I believe.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Ambler] raise that point?
Mr. AMBLER. I do.
Mr. PETERS. A quorum is not necessary
for the committee to refuse to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. A quorum cari refuse
to rise. The Chair overrules the point of
order of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Am-
Hi.iSK. ] The Chair sustains the point of order
made by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
W. R. Roberts] on the amendment of the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Perce.]
Mr. PERCE. I desire to .call the attention
of the Chair to the fact that I propose to add
my amendment to line ten hundred and eight,
where an appropriation is made for this special
purpose. My amendment proposes merely to
add $1,500 to the amount of the appropria-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled
upon the point. Does the gentleman appeal
from the decision ?
Mr. PERCE. I do not desire to take an
Appeal,
The Clerk read as follows:
For the construction of a militant telegraph from
San Diego, California, via Fort Yuma ana Mari-
copa Wells, toPrescott, Arizona, $50,311 80.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. Mr. Chair-
man, I move to amend by inserting on line ten
hundred and thirty-one of the bill, after the
word " Prescott," the words " and Tucson,"
the omission being undoubtedly the result of
an oversight in the committee-room or Printing
Office, as all the documents from the Wfer De-
partment suggest that the proposed line of tel-
egraph be constructed to both of these points.
Indeed, it is essential, in order to the control
of military movements in the great natural
divisions of the Territory, that it extend to
each of these places. ' Thus amended the
will read as follows :
For the construction of a military telegraph
f*om San Diego, California, via Fort Yuma and
Majicopa Wells, to Prescott and Tucson, Arizona.
$50,311 80.
Of the importance of the telegraph in mil-
itary operations there can be no two opinions.
In the late great war in this country, and in the
later great war in Europe, the wires were taken
to every camp and battle-field, and who- can
estimate the delays, the misunderstandings,
the blunders, .and the useless expenditures
that were avoided by the instant and general
communication they afforded, not to speak of
the prompt intelligence of all operations they
furnished the press and the people ? By act
approved July 5, 1862, Congress appropriated
$500,000 for constructing and extending the
telegraph for military purposes and for ex-
penses in operating the same. In 1863 an
equal amount was appropriated for the same
purpose, and in 1864 the sum of $275,000 was
given. By act of March 3, 1871, authority was
granted the Secretary of War to secure the con-
struction of a telegraph line from Yancton,
Dakota Territory, to Fort Randall and theuce
to Fort Sully in that Territory, for use in
military operations in the Sioux country.
So there is no want of precedents for the
appropriation now proposed, and the depart-
ment of Arizona is, 1 believe, the only one
where important military movements have for
years been carried on without this valuable
auxiliary. It is now, as it has been for several
years, urgently asked for by the department
commander, the division commander, the
General of the Army, and the Secretary of
War in official documents sent to Congress by
the latter.
The estimated cost, as submitted by the chief
quartermaster of the military division of the
Pacific, is. exceedingly low in view of'the
length of the line, and is chiefly for the cost
of material and the employment of such skilled
labor as may be necessary in addition to the
work of the soldiers. • . • > . ;
The Government can .undoubtedly*-build a
line and operate, it more, economically than
any company could, and, the commercial busi-
ness of the Territory is not yet sufficient'to
warrant the organization of a company.. The
enterprise properly belongs to the, Govern-
ment, and is in the direct interest of economy
and efficiency. I undertake to say that instant
communication between the' officers of the
Army in Arizona and,headquarters in San Fran-
cisco and in Washington would have pre-
vented many of the differences between the
citizens and the officers, many of the success-
ful movements of the hostile Indians and un-
successful movements of the troops, a frequent
waste of money, and much of the misrepre-
sentation regarding military, civil, and Indian
affairs in Arizona which has puazled the east-
ern press and confused Congress, the Depart-
ments, and the public for some years past.
In all military steps necessary while numbers
of the Apaches refuse to go upon the reserva-
tions, or to remain there after going, in the
transfer of troops and of supplies, in the organ-
ization of expeditions and the execution of all
orders from the department or division com-
manders, or directly from Washington, the
telegraph must prove invaluable^ while in the
interest of those who have to deal witli the
-peaceable and friendly Indians, either on or
off the reservations, it must prove of the first
advantage to be able to communicate directly
with the Interior Department and the Indian
Bureau. The late intelligent Cpmtaissioner
of Indian Affairs (Genepl Walker) assured me
that he thought such communication would be
of the greatest value to the Indian agents and
to his office. The telegraphis undoubtedly
quite as'essential in movements against the
Indians as in any other warfare; indeed, as
the wily savages move from point to point so
rapidly, and change front with so little cere-
mony 'that the best scouts and guides are often
misled in "their pursuit of them,"it is perhaps
more' important.
Experience has shown that Indians, even
intensely hostile, seldom disturb the telegraph,
but, on thecontrary, havea sortof superstitious
regard for it, as they seem to have for the rail-
road. The fact that the silent wire puis the
white man in instant communication with his
Government must of itself intimidate the sav-
age and restrain his aggressive movements. I
am assured that the telegraph in the Sioux
country to which I have referred has had such
effect.
Upon every account in the department of
Arizona, where tfie Government is spending
in military operations alone several millions
per year, where there are no railroads, -where
is the largest number of absolutely hostile
Indians, and' where there must inevitably
be active campaigning for some time to coine.,
and after it extensive dealings with the In-
dians, all the facilities of the'telegraph should
be promptly provided ; and this, in my
judgment, and that of all interested, can in no
way be so cheaply done as by the appropriation
now asked and recommended by the com mittee.
In addition to the official documents already
presented in its support, I have received within
a day or two from the Quartermaster General
of the Army, who, from a visit to Arizona, is
especially qualified to give an opinion, the
annexed emphatic statement as to the value
of the telegraph in connection with all military
operations there:
Quartekmastek General's Office,
Washington, I). C., February 14,1873.
DbakSir: Iu reply to your inquiry as to the
value of tciegraphie communication with Arizona, 1
have to say that during a visit last winter to that
Territory I strongly advised the construction ot a
line of telegraph, and since my return from the Gila
last spring a ease has occurred which strongly
