1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1591
shows the disadvantage of our present slow com-
munication by mail.
Expenses and claims amounting to much more
than the whole cost of the telegraph linetoPrescott
and Tucson arose last summer from erroneous
action upon the annual lettings of contracts for
transportation and supplies, grain, forage, and
fuel.
These could have been prevented had telegraphic
communication existed.
I believe, in fact, that had the telegraph been con-
structed in 1871, it would have saved the Treasury
during last year in the service of the quartermas-
ter's department more than its entire cost.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
M. C. MEIGS,
Quartermaster General, Brev. Maj. Gen, U. S. A.
Hon. It. C. McCormick, House of Representatives.
I will only add that at this time, with the use
of the wires to Santa Fe, New Mexico, or to
San Diego, California, the farthest points to
which they are now extended, it requires about
ten days to send an order from Washington to
Prescott or Tucson, or twenty days to send
such order and secure a response, while by
mail all the way it requires from forty to fifty
days for the latter.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Arizona [Mr. Mc-
Cormick] is right, and ought to be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For continuation of the survey of the Lakes Onta-
rio and Michigan and Detroit river, determination
of points in the interior of Michigan, and construc-
tion ot maps, $200,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Iam instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to move
to amend the clause just read by striking out
" Lakes Ontario and Michigan and Detroit
river" and inserting " northern and north-
western lakes."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For naval station at New London, Connecticut:
For repairs of all kinds, $5,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to strike
that out and insert instead of it the following :
The Clerk read as follows :
J?or naval station at New London, Connecticut,
$50,000.
Mr. HOLM AN. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations
whether it is the intention to go on and build
up both of these navy-yards, the one at New
London as well as the one at League Island?
I thought the proposition was to substitute the
League Island navy-yard for the others. We
have here an appropriation of $150,000 for that
work on League Island. Now, from the amend-
ment just offered by the gentleman, it would
seem that both of these navy-yards are to be
carried on.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will listen to me for a moment he will be
satisfied of the propriety of this appropriation
The Committee on Appropriations considered
both these questions quite elaborately. They
are unwilling to increase the number of navy-
yards. In the appropriation for League Island
the gentleman will notice that it provides
$50,000 of the amount appropriated shall be
used in the actual work of removal of the
navy-yard from Philadelphia to the location
at League Island.
It is also the idea of the Department, as the
committee understand, and certainly it is the
purpose of the committee, not to create a
new station at either Philadelphia or New
London. That at New London stands on the
same ground as League Island, vnth the
exception that the work is not sufficiently
advanced to provide for the removal of the
navy-yard from Brooklyn to New London.
Everybody about that yard at Brooklyn, and
I believe the Representatives, generally, ot
New York, are all in favor of the removal ot
the navy-yard from Brooklyn. They are all
of that opinion, so far as I have heard them
express it, that the Brooklyn navy-yard ought
to be taken out of the city. I call attention
to the following letter from the Secretary of
of the Navy.
The Clerk read as follows :
Navy Department,
Washington', February H.1S73.
Sib : In view of the reports and suggestions of
officers well informed on the subject, that, owing to
the crowded condition of the vessels laid up at the
Now York navy-yard, the risk from fires, and the
injury arising from the bad condition of the water
in the river and docks at that station, on account of
the sewerage from the city, (which sewerage is not
within the control of the Department,) it would, in
my judgment, be a measureof safety and economy, if
a portion of these vessels could be laid up at the naval
station at New London. I therefore recommend
that an appropriation of $50,000 be made for the work
necessary to be done at the said station for the pur-
pose of furthering this object.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEORGE M. ROBESON,
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. J. A. Garfield, Chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, House of Representatives.
Mr. HOLM AN. It seems, then, after years
of contest between New London and League
Island, there ought to be two navy-yards instead
of one.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will recollect that the law provided for both
League Island and New London, that they
should both stand in the same position.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Does the gentle-
man from Ohio say the Representatives upon
this floor from New York are in favor of the
removal of the navy-yard from Brooklyn ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understand
that is the opinion of many of the Representa-
tives from New York.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I, as one Repre-
sentative from New York, am entirely opposed
to it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I supposed it
was the general opinion.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems, as the Navy goes
down, the expenses of our navy-yards steadily
increase.
The committee then divided; and there
were—ayes 59, noes 47.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand tellers. This
is a new feature entirely in our legislation on
the subject of navy-yards.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. This is the initial
step toward the removal of the New York
navy-yard.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield,
of Ohio, and Mr. Holman were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell
ers reported—yeas 66, noes 61.
So the amendment was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the magazine at Norfolk, Virginia:
For the removal of the magazine now at lort
Norfolk, and the erection of a new one at bt.
Helena, 850,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 make the point
of order that is new legislation and is not in
order to this bill. •
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will state, if
the committee please, that there is great fear
the magazine, in its present location, is liable
to be blown up ; and this, therefore, provides
for its removal to a safer location.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It maybe all right;
but that does not make it in order to this bill
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This appro
priation is for the purpose of removing this
magazine.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then you have to
make a law for it, and new legislation is not
in order to an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, that this is new legislation.
The following paragraph was read:
For improvement of the grounds of the Depart-
ment of Agriculture: .
For labor, $12,000; for castiron labels for trees
and shrubs, ll,500 ; for WK°ns lawn-mowers,
carts and general repairs of tne same, fl.uOO, lor
boiler for heating apparatus, $300; for building fur-
naces and chimneys, $220; for repairing fence on
Fourteenth street $400 ; for repamng concrete
roads and walks, $750 ; m all, $16,200.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to offer
the following amendment:
Add after the paragraph which has been read the
following:
Reform school, District of Columbia.:
For superintendent, $1,500; two assistant super-
intendents, at $750 each; matron, $600; two teach-
ers, at $600 each ; physician, $500; superintendent
of workshop, $600; laborer, $144; seamstress, laun-
dress, and servant, $540; fuel, clothing, and inci-
dentals, $2,456; in all, $9,760. To provide 4 steam-
heating apparatus for the main and family build-
ing, plumbing, and painting brick walls of side
building, introducing water and erecting water-
tank forty feet high, and means to force water into
it as a reservoir in cage of fire; erecting apparatus
for the manufacture of gas for the use of the build-
ing; grading down old Fort Lincoln (the site selected
for school); making a road in front of and around
the building, and setting out ornamental trees.
$15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the State Department to offer the following
amendment.
After the amendment last adopted add the follow-
ing:
State Department:
For expenses of the commission appointed under
the act approved March, 19, 1872, for the purpose
of surveying and marking the boundary between the
territory of the United States and the possessions
of Great Britain from the Lako of the Woods to
the summit of the Rocky mountains, $125,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, the sum
of $50,000 has already been appropriated for
that purpose, a very ample appropriation.
Unless the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations can give some explanation
how that has been expended, and how it
becomes necessary to expend $125,000 more
for the same purpose, I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the commit-
tee will lend me their attention for a moment
I will give a brief explanation of this matter.
The subject of this appropriation is a very
interesting one; and had I time, and the com-
mittee the patience, I should like to have them
hear what the facts are. 1 shall state them
very briefly.
Under the treaty of 1818, the boundary was
fixed from the Lake of the Woods to the ridge
of the Rocky mountains, between the two
countries. Under a later treaty, it was fixed
from the Rocky mountains to the Pacific ocean.
That last part of the line was surveyed, all
except what was connected with the disputed
question lately settled by the emperor of Ger-
many under the provisions of the treaty of
Washington. But the other part of the bound-
ary, that between the Rocky mountains and
the Lake of the Woods, never was settled fur-
ther than that some years ago an American
engineer officer took an observation and set up
a post called Long's Post, named after the
engineer, and that was supposed to be on the
parallel of forty-nine degrees.
Bat now thatsettlementshave filled in there,
and especially at Pembina, which is quite a
village at a point where the English Govern-
ment has built a fort, it has been discovered
that the real location of the forty-ninth paral-
lel is thirty-five or forty feet further north than
Long's post located it. It is found that the
United States owns a strip of territory from
the Lake of the Woods to the Rocky mount-
ains of about forty feet wide more than is
allowed by the existing line. And the fort
supposed to be built on British soil is found to
be on our soil. A large village has grown up
there, the main part of it on our side, though
it had been supposed to belong- to the other
jurisdiction.
In the year 1870, a great many difficult ques-
tions having arisen, the two Governments, find-
ing it necessary to settle the boundary line,
appointed a commission to survey the line from
the northwestern point of the Lake of the
Woods to the ridge of the Rocky mountains.
It was estimated by the engineer department
that it would cost $325,000 to make the survey.
Last year a bill passed Congress which made
