1592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
an appropriation of $50,000 to start the work,
organize the party, and procure the instru-
ments. They have gone sixty-five miles on
the line of the survey from the Lake of the
Woods to Pembina.
Mr. BURCHARD. I ask the gentleman
whether, if the line only gives as forty feet at
a cost of $300,000, it would not be better to
cede it to Great Britain ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It does not
make any difference whether we gain or lose.
This line must be fixed, and the jurisdiction
of two great nations must be determined, and
determined in accordance with the treaty.
The Department asked $129,000 for next year.
The Committee on Appropriations have cut
that down so as to give thein $125,000 for the
next fiscal year.
Mr. HOLM AN. This Is as clear a case of
petty larceny upon the Treasury as ever was
attempled. We have directed our own engin-
eers to make this survey, and appropriated
$50,000 for the purpose.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I think we appro-
priated $75,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I thought only $50,000;
my own recollection is that after directing our
own engineers to do the work, we appropri-
ated $50,000, and it is now proposed to pay
$125,000 more.
Now, our own engineers are doing the work,
and do the gentlemen who control this bill
say that $175,000 is necessary in order to
furnish them with supplies, and to enable
them to run a line eight hundred miles in
length. It is an absolute absurdity. I know
that if we employed scientific men and astron-
omers to make the surveys, there might be
some excuse for this enormous payment, as
they would require salaries of five or ten
thousand dollars a year. But we guarded
against that. We provided the work should
be done by our own engineers, and yet the
gentlemen controlling this bill are proposing
to appropriate $175,000.
Mr! GARFIELD, of Ohio. No, only
$125,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. We have already appro-
priated $50,000. Now, our own engineers
are to do the work, we are not going to have
another question like that, which occupied
years and years between our Government and
the Government of Mexico. I trust that my
friend from Ohio will not allow this thing to
be done. An appropriation of $50,000 made
for the performance of the work by our own
engineers is certainly ample. I think the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Burchard] is right
in saying that we might as well give up this
little strip of land.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
must not misunderstand the facts, as he cer-
tainly does. The bill of last session, a copy
of which I hold in my hand, provided that this
work should be done in accordance with the
estimates of the engineer department. Now,
what what were those estimates ? On Novem-
ber 23, 1870, General Humphries estimated
that this work would cost $375,000, the work
being done by the engineer department. Con-
gress has not been surprised in this matter.
They acted on the estimates of the engineer
department, and it is in pursuance of those
estimates made before the law passed that we
now ask this appropriation.
I desire to append to my remarks the follow-
ing memoranda of the northwestern boundary:
I. The forty-ninth parallel is supposed to have
been agreed upon as the boundary between French
and British possessions under the treaty of Utrecht,
bat there being no settlements in the country the
line was not actually run on the surface of the land
at that time. ,
II The possessions of the United States, under
the treaty of 1783, extended only as far west as the
northwest corner ot the Lake ot the Woods. (Treaties
of the United States, pp. 309, 310.) ,
III. In 1803 the United States acquired Louisiana
of France. This acauisition extended their north-
ern boundary westward from the Lake of the Woods
to the western limitof French Louisiana, (ireaties
of the United States, p. 275.)
IY. In 1818 a treaty was made with Great Britain
by which it was provided that the boundary between
the two possessions should start from the northwest
corner of the Lake of the Woods; run thence north
or south (as the case might be) to the forty-ninth
parallel, and thence by the forty-ninth parallel
west to the sum put of the Rocky (called in tie treaty
Stony) mountains. {Treaties of the United States,
p. 351.)
[This is the portion of the boundary to which the
appropriation in Question relates.]
V. In 1819 the United States acquired the title to
Columbia. Under this title and the Erench title to
Louisiana, and the discoveries and occupations of
Columbia by citizens of the United States, we
claimed the Pacific coast from California to the
Russian possessions, i. e., to 54° 40*, which had been
established by .treaty as the Russian southern bound-
ary. Great Britain laid claim to the whole or part
of this territory.
VI. In 1818 a joint occupation of the disputed
territory West of the Rocky mountains had been
agreed upon for ten years. This was extended in
1827, and was continued until 1846. (Treaties of the
United States, pp. 351 and 364.)
VII. In 1846, by treaty, it was agreed that the dis-
puted boundary should be run upon the forty-ninth
parallel, from the summit of the Rocky mountains,
where the former agreed line terminated to the
middle of the channel separating the continent
from Vancouver's Island, thence down the eenter
of the channel to the strait of Fuca, and thence by
the strait of Fuca to the ocean. (Treaties of the
United States p. 375.)
VIII. In 1856 a joint commission was created for
the purpose of marking the part of the boundary
settled by thre treaty of 1846 on the surface of the
earth. (Section eleven United States Statutes-at-
Large, page 42 for appropriations.) The work was
completed so far as related to the land boundary
settled by that treaty.
[The appropriations for doing this work run
through a series of years.]
IX- Not being able to agree upon so much of the
boundary settled by the treaty of 1846 as was under
or through water, the question was referred to the
emperor of Germany by the treaty of Washington,
and it has beendecided in favor of the United States.
(Treaties of the United States, pp. 426 and 427.)
X. But in 1870 it was supposed, from some obser-
vation made by an officer m the Army of the United
States, that thoro was a misapprehension fcboutthe
true position of the forty-ninth parallel at Pembina,
on the Red river, a part of the line settled by the
treaty of 1818. Settlements had begun to appear
upon the Red river. A post was standing there
which had been erected several years previously
after observations made with somewhat imperfect
instruments, by an officer of the United States Army,
which post bad been assumed by the officials of both
Governments to be the true boundary. New ob-
servations showed this to be incorrect. The War
Department had buildings and a reservation at
Pembina, on the frontier. There was a post of the
Hudsons Bay Company near it, within what was
supposed to be British territory, occupied byBritish
troops. Settlers were taking up lands on both sides
of the line, and it became important to have the
actual line of boundary defined and marked on the
surface of the earth. It was therefore agreed in-
formally that whenever the legislative departments
of the two Governments would sanction it oy appro-
priations, a careful survey should be made, and the
line between the Lake of the Woods and the summit
of the Rocky mountains should be marked out, as
the line between the summit of the Rocky moun-
tains and the Georgian Gulf had already been
marked out. (Foreign Relations, 1870, p. 399.)
XI. Estimates were therefore called for from the
War Department, which were submitted to Congress
with the message of the President, (Foreign Rela-
tions, 1870, p. 406;) and the President recommended
an appropriation for such a commission. (Foreign
Relations, 1870, p. 9.)
XII. Oa the 19th of March, 18/2, an act was passed
authorizing the survey and marking of this part of
the boundary line. (Laws of Forty-becond Con-
gress, second session, p. 73. chapter 62, which was
communicated to the British minister at Washing-
ton. (Foreign Relations, 1872, page 179.)
XIII. The British Parliament has also made an
appropriation for the same purpose, and a commis-
sion, with a corresponding force, has been appointed
by the British Government, and they have been at
work one year, during which they have established
the boundary at Pembina, have taken observations
to ascertain the northwest corner of the Lake ot the
Woods, and have worked up on the line between
Pembina and the Lake of the Country. They are
now working up in the office the field work of tne
last year, and are ready to go to work in the spring
as soon as the state of the country will permit.
XIV. The point on the Red river near Pembma.
which has heretofore been assumed to be on the
forty-ninth parallel, is ascertained to be at some dis-
tance south of the real forty-ninth parallel, bettle-
ments are being made rapidly in this region, and
ouestions of jurisdiction and property are involved
in the determination, which cannot result otherwise
than in securing to the United States a strip of land
of considerable value, extending the length of the
boundary line between the two possessions.
XV. It is respectfully submitted that, under these
eircuinstanccs, it would not be to the interest 01 this
Government, to say nothing of its not being court-
eous toward Great Britain, to discontinue the joint
survey which Congress and the Government of the
United States have authorized to be made, which
has already been begun with assurance of advantages
to this Government.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
mfean to antagonize this provision of the bill,
but simply to ask an amendment of it. In my
judgment this work had better be-given to the
Coast Survey, in their geodetic surveys across
the continent.. There has to be an accurate
ascertainment of the forty-ninth parallel of the
earth's surface. That requires very expensive
instruments and the placing of them on found-
ations of great solidity. And as our engineers
of the Army have already made one mistake,
I would rather they should not make another.
The gentleman says he does not want this strip
of land. Perhaps it would be better to get rid
of it; but the trouble is that the question of
jurisdiction between the two countries would
come up every hour, and you would never
know where the line was. There are no means
of ascertaining it except by the most accurate
of all accurate astronomical examinations.
I should therefore like to have this matter
referred to the Coast Survey.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That matter is
fixed by law.
Mr. BURCHARD. I understand that this
parallel has been fixed at one time by sur-
veying.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. No; only by one
engineer, who made an observation there.
Mr. BURCHARD. I concede that it is
very important, if this boundary is doubtful,
that it should be'established, and established
permanently, so that there should be no doubt
about jurisdiction over it.
But when it is argued that it is very import-
ant, because there is valuable land in contro-
versy, I desire to call the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Garfield, of Ohio] to the value of this land.
I ana told that along this line, extending some
eight hundred miles, there is a strip of land
forty feet in width. That would be five acres
a mile, and would amount to -four thousand
acres for the eight hundred miles. And for
the sale of four thousand acres of land, we
are asked to expend three or four hundred
thousand dollars.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I would ask the
gentleman if the Northern Pacific railroad
would not get this land at last ?
Mr. BURCHARD. I suppose so.
Mr. KERR. I move that the committee
now rise. A night session has been ordered
for to-night, and I think the committee should
rise now, as it is late.
Mr. SAWYER. Let us finish this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let us get
through this bill.
The question was taken on the motion that
the committee rise; and it was not agreed
to; upon a division—ayes 38, noes 75.
The question was the® taken on the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Garfield, of Ohio; and
upon a division, there were—ayes 78, noes 26;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered: and Mr. Garfield,
of Ohio, and Mr. Eujredge were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the
tellers reported that there were—ayes 98,
noes 24.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to
further amend by inserting after the amend-
ment just adopted the following :
For a lithographic press and necessary materials
not to exceed $1,000; and for a lithographic press-
man and laborers not to exceed $2,000; in alt, §o,0U0.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the committee '
now rise. We will require some time to con-
sider this amendment properly.
The question was taken on the motion that
the committee rise ; and it was not agreed to ;
upon a division—ayes 31, noes 97.
The question recurred upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Garfield, of Ohio.
