292
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
smuggling, and for other purposes," approved
July eighteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, is hereby amended so as to read as fol-
lows: that it shall be the duty of the several
eolleetors of customs and of internal revenue
to report within ten days to the district attorney
of the district in which any fine, penalty,
or forfeiture may be incurred for the viola-
tion of any law of the United States relating
to the revenue, a statement of all the facts
and circumstances of the case within their
knowledge, together with the names of thewit-
nesses, and which may come to their knowledge
from time to time, stating the provisions of the
law believed to be violated, and on which a
reliance may be had for condemnation or con-
viction, and such district attorney shall cause
the proper proceedings to be commenced and
prosecuted without delay for the fines, penal-
ties, and forfeitures by law in such case pro-
vided, unless, upon inquiry and examination
he shall decide that such proceedings cannot
probably be sustained, or that the ends of pub-
lic justice do not require that proceedings
should be instituted, in which case he shall re-
port the facts iu customs cases to the Secretary
of the Treasury, and in internal revenue cases
to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, for
their direction: and for the expenses incurred
and services rendered in all such cases the dis-
trict attorney shall receive and be paid from the
Treasury such sum as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall deem just and reasonable upon
the certificate of the judge before whom such
cases are tried or disposed of: Provided, how-
ever, That the annual compensation of such dis-
trict attorney shall not exceed the maximum
amount now prescribed by law; and if any col-
lector shall in any case fail to report to the proper
district attorney as prescribed in this section,
such collector's right to any compensation, ben-
efit or allowance in'such case shall be forfeited
to United States, and the same may, in the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of Treasury, be awarded
to such persons as may make complaint and
prosecute the same to judgment or conviction.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXLV.—An Actto regulate the taking
of Testimony in certaiif Cases.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That no witness shall be
compelled to appear or to testify before any
commissioner or officer appointed to take tes-
timony under letters rogatory, issued or to be
issued from any court in any foreign country,
in any suit or proceeding in which the Govern-
ment of such foreign country shall be a party
of record or in interest, except for the purpose
of answering specific written interrogatories
issued with and accompanying such letters
rogatory, and addressed to such witness : Pro-
vided, That when counsel for all the parties
attend the examination, they may consent that
questions in addition to those accompanying
the letters rogatory may be put to the witness,
unless the letters rogatory exclude such addi-
tional interrogatories.
Sec. 2. That no witness shall be required,
on such examination, or any other under let-
ters rogatory, to make any disclosure or dis-
covery which shall tend to criminate him either
under the laws of the State or Territory within
which such examination is had, or any other,
or any foreign State.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
United States be, and he is hereby, authorized,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, to restore Absalom Iiirby to his original
position on the active list as a second assistant
engineer in the Navy of the United States.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXLVI.—An Act to restore Absalom
Kirby as Second Assistant Engineer in the
Navy.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
Chap. CCXLVII.—An Act providing for the
payment to the Government of Japan the
sum due on account of rents for lands and
buildings occupied by the Diplomatic and
Consular Representatives of the United
States to Japan, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
State be, and he is hereby, authorized to pay
to the Government.of Japan, through its resi-
dent diplomatic representative in the United
States, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, any sum not exceed-
ing six thousand dollars, which may be found
to be due to the Government of Japan by that
of the United States, on account of rents for
lands or buildings occupied for hospital pur-
poses, jail, and court-house by the United
States in Japan.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of State through
t,he minister resident at Japan be, and he is
hereby, authorized to rent furnish and keep
suitable buildings with grounds appurtenant
in Jedo or such other place as he may desig-
nate for a court-house and jail at an annual
cost not exceeding five thousand dollars : Pro-
vided, That the period for which the said
buildings shall be rented shall be for twoyears
with renewals for two years as the Secretary of
State shall determine.
Sec. 3. That a farther sum, not to exceed
two thousand five hundred dollars be, and the
same is hereby, also appropriated, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, for the purchase of a suitable law-
library for the use of said legation in Japan,
the selection of such library to bs made by
the Secretary of State.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXL.VIII.—An Act authorizing the
Secretary of War to furnish a duplicate Cer-
tificate of Discharge where the same has
been lost.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That whenever satisfac-
tory proof shall be furnished to the War De-
partment that any non-commissioned officer
or private soldier who served in the Army of
the United States in the late war against the
rebellion has lost his certificate of discharge,
or the same has beeu destroyed without his
privity or procurement, the Secretary of War
shall be authorized to furnish, on request, to
such non-commissioned officer or private, a
duplicate of such certificate of discharge, to
be indelibly marked, so that it may be known
as a duplicate: Provided, Such certificate
shall not be accepted as a voucher for the pay-
ment of any claim against the United States for
pay bounty, or other allowance, or as evidence
in any other case.
Sec. 2. That the Army regulations now in
force are hereby modified in accordance with
the provisions of this act. •
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXLIX.—An Act to provide for the
establishment of- a Military Prison and for
its Government.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there shall be estab-
lished at Rock Island, in the State of Illinois,
a prison for the confinement and reformation
of offenders against $>e rules, regulations and
laws for the government of the Army of the
United States, in which shall-be securely eon-
fined, and employed at labor, and governed in
the manner hereinafter directed, all offenders
convicted before any court-martial or military
commission in the United States, and sentenced
according to law to imprisonment therein.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of War shall
organize a board of five members, to consist
of three officers of the Army and two persons
from civil life, who shall adopt a plan for the
building of such prison, and who shall frame
regulations for the government of the prison-
ers, in accordance with the provisions of this
act. The said commissioners from civil life
shall hold their offices for the term of three
years, and shall be paid five dollars a day while
on duty, and necessary traveling expenses ;
and the said officers of the Army shall, at all
times, be subject to removal by the Secretary
of War.
Sec. 3. That the Secretary of -War shall,
with said commissioners, semi-annually, and
as much oftener as maybe deemed expedient,
visit said prison for the purposes of examina-
tion, inspection, and correction; and they
shall inquire into all abuses or neglects of
duty on the part of the officers or other per-
sons in charge of the same, and make such
changes in the general discipline of the prison
as they may hold to be essential.
Sec. 4. That the officers of the prison shall
consist of a commandant and such subordinate
officers as may be necessary, a chaplain, a sur-
geon, and a clerk, who shall he detailed by the
Secretary of War from the commissioned offi-
cers of the Army; and a sufficient number of
enlisted men shall be detailed by the Secretary
of War to act as turnkeys, guards, and assist- v
ants in the prison.
Seo. 5. That one of the inspectors of the
Army shall, at least once iu three months,
visit the prison for the purpose of examining
into the books and all the affairs thereof, and
ascertaining whether the laws, rules, and reg-
ulations relating thereto are complied with,
the officers are competent and faithful, and
the convicts properly governed and employed,
and at the same time treated with humanity
and kindness. And it shall be the duty of the
inspector, at once, to make full report thereof
to the Secretary of War.
Sec. 6. That before the commandant enters
upon the duties of his office he shall give
bond, with sufficient sureties, iu a sum to be
fixed by the Secretary of War, to be approved
by him, conditioned that he shall faithfully
account for all money placed in his hands for
the use of the prison and for the faithful dis-
charge of all his duties as commandant. He
shall have command of the prison; shall have
the charge and employment of the prisoners,
and the custody of all the property of the Gov-
ernment counectcd with the prison. He shall
receive and pay out all money used for the
prison, and shall cause to be kept, in suitable
books, complete accounts of all the property,
expenses, income, business, and concerns of
the prison; and shall make full and regular
reports thereof to the Secretary of War;
and shall, uuder the direction and with the
approval of the Secretary of War, employ, for
the benefit of the United States, the convicts
at such labor and in such trades as may be
deemed best for .their health and reformation.
He shall have power to sell and dispose of any
articles manufactured by the convicts, and
shall regularly account for the proceeds thereof,
and shall give bond aud security for the faith-
ful keeping and accounting of all moneys and
property coming to his hands as such com-
mandant. He shall take note aud make rec-
ord of the good conduct of the convicts, and
