1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
Again, it is impossible to give to a depre-
ciated currency the quality of "flexibility."
A suspension of specie payments necessarily
suspends all redemptions of paper money.
The United States notes being irredeemable
the natioual bank notes are irredeemable. !
All of them being now paid out there is no i
object to return them, and thus not only the
Uuited States geU the benefits of a forced
loan from the people without interest and
without the burdeu of redemption, but the
banks also get the benefit of a forced loan
from the people without interest and without
the burdeu of redemption.
It is true that the b&uks are required to
maintain a certain reserve of United States
notes to secure a redemption of their notes,
but practically we know that uo notes are
presented for redemption. It is on this
ground they apply to us to relieve them from
the burden of maintaining a reserve.
We are told that we require them to keep
idle in their vaults currency sorely needed by
the business community merely to secure the
redemption of notes that are never presented
for redemption. It is true that a bank reserve
is unnecessary and indefensible uuless for the
redemption of their notes. If the idea of
redemption is abandoned or indefinitely post-
poned, then all reserves should be dispensed
with. If the only object is to make currency
abundant without regard to its value compared
with coin, then any reserve is a folly. Indeed, 1
the whole national banking system would be
indefensiole. If our currency is to be per-
manently irredeemable it is impossible to state
a reason why the whole of it should not be
issued by the United States, or why any of it
should be issued by a bank. The only benefit
the public derive from a bank of issue as dis-
tinguished from the private interest of its
stockholders is that the bank note is the con-
venient representative of coin; that its cap-
ital, resources, and reserve furnish a security
tor the redemption of its notaa in ooin, and j
that it is a convenient Agency to distribute its ;
notes by loans to those engaged in producing
and transporting property.
Any policy that abandons the redemption
of bank notes in coiu will inevitably lead to
the abandonment of banks of issue, for the
public will not long allow the banks to derive
a profit from issuing notes unless they assume
the burdens of redeeming them. This is un-
derstood by the national banks. They do
not shrink from the duty of redeeming their
notes, but say that while the notes of the Uni-
ted States are lawful money and a legal tender,
and are both depreciated and irredeemable,
the banks cannot redeem except with Uni-
ted States notes. It is the United States
notes that stand in the way of specie pay-
ments. If in any way they were maintained
at par with coin the obligations of the banks
to maintain their notes in coin would be
easily enforced. Then the superior excellence
of the national banking system would be dem-
onstrated. It would no longer be a monopoly,
but under the law as it now stands would be
free to all who chose to engage in the business.
The plethora of money at one time and its
stringency at another would be regulated by
the redemption of notes when abundant and
their increased issue when required by new
demauds. Any attempt to make a " corner "
by locking up currency in one bank would be
met by its issue by another. The correspond-
ing privileges and burdens of a bank of issue
would relieve them from prejudice. The
maintenance of these notes at par with gold,
together with their absolute security, as uow,
would be recognized as an equivalent for the
privileges they enjoy.
Again, all the existing laws authorising Uni-
ted States notes and bank notes are based upon
the theory of specie payments. The notes
were only issued, however, during war, under
a suspension of specie payments ; there was
no medium of payment except the public
credit. We could not utilize the public credit
in borrowing money until we had provided a
medium of payment. For that purpose we
coined the public credit into a limited amount
of lawful money; but promised to pay this
money iu coin. When the lawful money was
issued we did not anticipate the extent of its
depreciation, and constantly kept in view its
speedy redemption. Ordinarily the functions
of a Government in furnishing money is limited
to stamping upon gold and silver of certain
weight and fineness its intrinsic value. Here
its duty ends. But in war this process of coin-
ing did not meet the public necessities, and
the United States coined its credit into money,
and this process has been upheld by all Depart-
ments of the Government. Still, this money
is but another form of public debt, a promise to
pay specific quantities of gold and silver. In the
national backing act Congress assumed that the
United States would maintain its paper money
at par with coin as soon as its necessities would
allow. It provided for an auxiliary currency
also to be at par in gold and to be issued by
banks. Every provision of that act contem-
plates that both United States notes and bank
bills should be equal to gold and to each other.
This is the reason for the provisions for re-
demption, for centers of redemption, and for a
large reserve.
The banking act also anticipated that the
United States might withdraw its notes, and
then that bank notes were directly to be re-
deemed with coin. Still the bank act pro-
vided for the common existence of both kinds
of notes, and experience shows that both may
be maintained in circulation with profit to the
United States. While no provision is made
for the redemption of United States notes
the provision for the redemption of bank notes
is nullified.' Our whole system of currency
becomes incongruous by our failure to pro-
vide for the redemption of United States
notes.
If, then, public faith, public policy, and the
spirit of our. laws demand that our currency
be restored to the specie standard, it would
seem that the only remaining inquiry should
be, what is the best way to resume? But
here we meet the objections of many busi-
ness men, the most active and enterprising of
oar people, who tell us that specie payments
with them adds largely to the burden of their
debts; that upon the basis of existing law and
the condition of inflation always produced by
depreciated money they have made contracts,
contracted debts payable in currency, and that
now to add to the value of that currency is to
embarrass, cripple, or ruin them. Some tell
us they are prepared to meet the gradual ap-
proach to specie payments caused by the
increased business and credit of the country,
while others tell us that the country needs
more currency; that its growth in population,
expansion in business and new enterprises,
render an increase of currency indispensable.
The effect, of any measure upon the interests
of active business men should be carefully
studied, but individual hardship is not suffi-
cient reason for a violation of public faith, or
a disregard of the general interests or policy
of the whole country. All our citizens have
had full notice of the policy of the Govern-
ment. The acts of Congress already cited,
the decisions of the Supreme Court, and the
promises of opposing parties are well known
to all intelligent men.
And the effect of specie payments is greatly
exaggerated as to the persons it will injure.
Our business men are not only debtors but they
are creditors. If they are injured by adding
to the burden of their debts, they are benefited
by the increased value of their credits. No
one engaged in production merely, whether
as a farmer, a manufacturer, a mechanic, or a
laborer, is injured; for if the nominal value of
his production is diminished, the cost of living
and all that enters into the cost of production
is diminished in the same degree. Experience
has shown that depreciated money is most
injurious to laboring men, because it. pro-
duces a false standard of value the effect of
which is not noted by a laboring man as by a
trader or merchant. Even upon current debts
and credits the effect of a specie standard
will scarcely be appreciable, for the nominal
loss will be discounted in advance or be
divided during the gradual appreciation of
paper money. The greater burden will fall upon
: debts running a long period of time, as upon
corporation bonds and mortgages. As to those
in existence before the legal-tender act took
effect, it is but right that they be pail in specie,
while those contracted since have been issued
in expectancy of specie payments before this
time. Still, while the effect of a specie stand-
ard upon debtors is greatly exaggerated, it
I cannot be denied that if it is followed by a
contraction of the currency it will create dis-
tress aud embarrassment to very many who
have contracted debts on a currency basis.
But this argument of hardship will apply for-
ever. If we are controlled by it we can never
pay our promises. The lapse of time will not
make it easier. Our financial condition is now
so strong that we can afford to do right, and
; yet in such a way as to injure in the least pos-
| sible degree those who contracted debts on a
currency basis.
; Again, the effect of a specie standard in
; producing a contraction of the currency is
greatly exaggerated. A contraction of the
currency is not necessarily a result of specie
payments. Undoubtedly a contraction of the
currency would produce specie payments. It
is the most direct road to specie payments,
and if the paper money in circulation is in ex-
cess of the wants of the community it is the
only road. We in 1866 and 1867 greatly con-
tracted the currency by funding over three
hundred million dollars of compound interest
and other notes, most of which were a part of
the currency. If in 1868 we had, as was pro-
posed in the Senate, authorized United States
notes to be received for five per cent, bonds
at par, we would have long since been at
specie payments. The notes when received
could have been paid out again for the pay-
ment of current expenses and the purchase of
bonds, precisely as now when gold is sold for
notes and notes applied to the purchase of
bonds. In this way we would have reached a
specie standard the moment our five per cent,
bonds were worth par in gold. The advancing
credit of the nation would have lifted our cur-
rency to par in gold precisely as it lifted all
forms of bonds to par or above par in gold.
And now when our credit is greatly improved
by the rapid payment of the debt, as evidenced
by the ^advanced value of our notes in gold,
we can raise their value to the specie standard
much more readily than four years ago.
One fallacy lies at the foundation of the
common objection to a specie standard, that it
necessarily compels a withdrawal of paper cur-
rency. This depends entirely upon the amount
necessary to conduct the business of the coun-
try and the degree of public confidence in its
redemption. Mr. Knox, Comptroller of the
Currency, in his last annual report shows that
in January, 1862, when specie payments were
suspended, the aggregate circulation of coin
and paper was $448,671,218, or a ratio of two
and seventy-one hundredths per cent, of the
wealth of the United States, and that the cir-
cultion in the United States in 1870, including
United States notes, bank notes, fractional cur-
rency, and specie, was $790,000,000, or two
and sixty-two hundredths per cent, on our
wealth. The circulation in the United States
per capita is bow less than in France and
greater than in Great Britain, but greater than
in either in proportion to wealth. When we
consider the vast extent of our country, its
rapid growth, the value of our productions, and
