1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1593
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If gentlemen
will only consent to finish this bill now—there
ia but little of it left—I will withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to offer his amendment in the House?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Only if I can
get unanimous consent for that purpose.
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. PETERS. I move to amend by insert
ing after the amendment just adopted the
following:
And that the compensation of Henry Douglass,
employed under the Doorkeeper of the Hoase, be
fixed at $2 50 per day; and a sum sufficient to pay
the same until th.e next fiscal year is hereby appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
I only want the members of this committee
to understand who II "nry Douglass is. His
pay is now about $2 30 a day, while the pages
on this floor get three dollars a day. He waits
upon us all day in the room where we wash
our faces and hands, and then he washes up
the floors after we have gone. He has asked
me to ask this House to give him this addi-
tional twenty cents a day.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I move to further
amend by inserting after line"eleven hundred
and twelve the following :
For inclosing and improving a new propagating
garden, adjoining to and north of the agricultural
grounds. $5,000.
Mr. DICKEY. I raise the point of order
that this amendment is not authorized by ex-
isting law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I desire to say a
word on the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled
on the point of order.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. It is only to carry
out the operations of the Agricultural De-
partment.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
appeal from the decision of the Cbair?
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I do, very respect-
fully.
The decision of the Chair was sustained by
the committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move substan-
tially the amendment which was prepared by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks,] and who obtained leave to offer it.
He is absent, and 1 offer it for him, and ask
that it may be adopted in the committee, and
reported to the House, where it can be con-
sidered when that gentleman shall be present.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows :
And be it further enacted. That from and after the
1st day of July next no books or documents shall
be printed or published for gratuitous distribution;
but the Secretary of the Interior shall be, and
hereby is, authorized to order extra copies ot any
work, book, or document that shall hereafter be
printed by the Government for the use of members
of Congress, or for any of the Departments of the
Government, and to furnish such copies to any per
son that may apply for them at such P.nceS'at his
discretion, as will in whole or in part reimburse the
Government tho actual cost of publication, ana P^e
elude those publications being used as wrapping
paper or material for the manufacture 01 paper.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Letthatamend-
ment come in, and we can vote upon it in the
House. ,
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I make the point
of order that the amendment embraces new
legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. In response to the point
of order raised by the gentleman from Ohio,
TMr. Wilson,] the Chair states that authority
was given by the House to move this as an
amendment to the pending bill.
Mr. CONGER. That was a privilege given
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [ill.
Banks,] to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth,] or any other gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN. That makes no differ-
ence. The Chair holds the amendment to be
in order.
Mr. COBURN. I move thatthe Committee
rise.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move as an amendment
to the motion that the committee rise and
report the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will make
that motion directly. It is not in order while
amendments are being offered and while one
amendment is pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending amend-
ment must be disposed of before the commit-
tee can rise and report the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
who has charge of this bill is willing to allow
debate on this amendment in the House. I
do not want to cccupy any time upon it; it is
too late. I hope, however, the committee will
allow it to be considered as adopted, so that
we may have a vote upon it in the House after
discussion.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words "in
whole or in part.'-
Mr. COBURN. This amendment presents
a very important subject; and I, for one, am
not willing to be limited to any such brief time
as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
may choose to allow. We do not know how
short a debate he may be willing to permit.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Stevenson to the amendment of
Mr. Farnsworth, it was agreed to.
Mr. COBURN. What has become of my
motion that the committee rise?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that motion to be waived.
Mr. COBURN. I insist upon it.
The motion was not agreed to; there being—
ayes nineteen, noes not counted.
The question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Farnsworth as amended.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Chairman, I under-
stand this to be a proposition to_ do away en-
tirely with the printing of public documents
and reports of an official character for gratuit-
ous distribution among the people. Nothing
short of this. The amendment proposes an
entire revolution in the practice of the Govern-
ment; an entire abandonment of the_ system
by which the people have been permitted to
understand what we are doing here, and the
workings of the machinery of the nation gener-
ally. In other words, the amendment proposes
to close the mouth of the official organs by
which the people have derived information
with respect to the doings of the Government.
It is proposed to deny to the people the knowl-
edge of what is going on at the capital.
It is a most astonishing proposition that the
people should be compelled to buy all of these
reports and public documents. I regard it as
a fact of the greatest consequence that the
people are regularly informed as to what is
being done here. This proposition seems to
me to be equivalent to an attempt to turn
back the wheels of progress, and to revert to
the days when there was no such thing as the
art of printing. I am surprised that such a
proposition should be submitted gravely to this
House, much more that gentlemen should
undertake to put it through without debate
If there is anything that the people should
have in a free country where they have to act
intelligently upon all questions, it is a. know!
edge of governmental measures, information
of the workings of the Government, as to how
their money is expended, and how their ser-
vants perform their duties.
How can they know what any of the officers
of the Government do unless they receive
these public documents 1 Is it possible that,
now at this late day, with the present small
cost of printing, we propose to abolish this
great system by which the people can be kept
informed of the workings of the Government/
Why, sir, I have all along thought that the day
would come wheu, instead of the people pay-
ing postage, the mails would be, like our
schools, free. Of all the steps of advancement
toward giving light and intelligence and power
to the people, this system of imparting to them
knowledge freely is one of the greatest ;*and
through the reports of the Government, as
much as anything else, they derive that know-
ledge which is necessary to intelligent action
at the polls. Let me warn gentlemen that this
measure is a long step toward barbarism.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will respond
to the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Cobtjrn]
by saying that it is manifest if we enter upon
this general debate now we cannot get through
with this bill to-night. Therefore, as only a
single brief section of the bill remains on
which we can have a separate vote in the
House, I shall now move that the committee
rise in order that when we get into the House
I may move to suspend the rules so that the
bill with the pending amendments shall be
reported to the House.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to offer an amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
can offer his amendment now, and have it
pending.
Mr. CONGER. I should like to inquire
whether 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
we will have order in the committee and that
my amendment may be read.
Mr. BURCHARD. Is another amendment
in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
my amendment as an additional section.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, No part of tho money hereby appropri-
ated shall be used to defray the expenses or pay any
salary or compensation to any officers engaged in the
so-called competitive civil service examination.
Mr. BURCHARD. Is that in order 1
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is cer-
tainly in order as a limitation upon the appro-
priation.
Mr. BURCHARD. I make the point that
it is not in order.
Mr BUTLEU of Massachusetts. It is
clearly in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Illinois will state bis point of order.
Mr. BURCHARD. My point of order is,
there is an amendment pending to which this
amendment is not germane, nor is it germane
to anything now being considered.
The CHAIRMAN. The Cbair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move the
committee rise.
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a point of order,
that it is not in order to move that the com-
mittee rise and report this bill back to the
House while amendments are being offered
undisposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no proposition
of that kind before the committee, as the Chair
understands.
Mr. CONGER. I understand the object of
that motion to be that the committee rise in
order that under a suspension of the rules the
bill and amendments may be considered with-
out further debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the
gentleman from Ohio is simply that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Tyner
reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 3921) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1874, and for
