1873.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
Laws of the United States.
42d Cong....3d Sess.
shall shorten the daily time of hard labor for
those who, by their obedience, honesty, indus-
try, or general good conduct, earn such favors;
and the Secretary of War is authorized and
directed to remit, in part, the sentences of
such convicts, aud to give them an honorable
restoration to duty in case the same is mer-
ited ; and in case any convict shall disobey the
lawful orders of the officers of the prison, or
refuse to comply with the rales and regulations
thereof, he may be placed in solitary confine-
ment, and the commandant shall at once re-
port the case to the Secretary of War, who
shall direct the inspector"to make full exam-
ination and report of the matter at the next
inspection; but in no case shall any prisoner
be subjected to whipping, branding, or the
carrying of weights for the purpose of dis-
cipline, or for producing penitence; and every
prisoner, upon being discharged from prison,
shall be furnished with decent clothing.
Sec. 7. That the use of newspapers and
books shall not be denied the convicts at
times when not employed; and that unofficial
visitors shall be,admitted to the prison under
such restrictions as the board of commis-
sioners may impose. The prisoners shall not
be denied the privilege of communicating with
their friends by letter, and from receiving like
communications from them, all of which shall
be subject to the inspection of the command-
ant, or such officer as he may assign to that
duty.
Sec. 8. That the prisoners shall be supplied
with ample and clean bedding, and with whole-
some and sufficient food, but when in hospital
or under discipline their diet shall be pre-
scribed by the proper authority. The prison
shall be suitably ventilated, and each prisoner
ehall have a weekly bath of cold or tepid
water, which shall be applied to the whole
surface of the body, unless the surgeon shall
direct otherwise for the health of the prisoner.
Sec. 9. That no officer of the prison, or
other person connected therewith, shall be
concerned or interested, directly or indirectly,
in any contract, purchase, or sale made on
account of the prison.
Sec. 10. That any officer who shall suffer a
convict to escape, or shall in any way consent
to his escape, or shall aid him to escape or in
an attempt to escape, shall, upon conviction,
be dismissed from the service, and suffer such
other punishment as a court-martial may in-
flict.
Sec. 11. That any soldier or other person
employed in the prison who shall suffer a con-
vict to escape, or shall in any way consent to
his escape, or shall aid him to escape, or in
an attempt to escape, shall, upon conviction
by a court-martial, be confined therein not less
than one year.
Sec. 12. That all prisoners under confine-
ment in said military prisons undergoing sen-
tence of courts-martial, shall be liable to trial
and punishment by courts-martial under the
Eules and Articles of War for offenses com-
mitted during the said confinement.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCL.—An Act restoring Captain Alonzo
J. Marsh to his position in the Army, and
that he be honorably mastered out of the
service as of the date of the mustering-out
of his regiment.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he hereby is, authorized and directed
to restore Alonzo J. Marsh, late a captain of
company H, eleventh regiment veteran reserve
corps, to his position as such captian, and
grant him an honorable muster out as of the
date on which he was dismissed; to wit, on
March seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five.
Approved, March 3,1873.
Chap. CCLI.—An Act to create a Port of
Delivery at La Crosse, in Wisconsin, and to
provide for a Surveyor of Customs thereat.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep ■
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That La Crosse, in the
county of La Crosse, and State of Wisconsin,
be, and is hereby, constituted a port of deliv-
ery within the collection district of New Or-
leans; and there shall be appointed;), surveyor
of customs for said port, who shall perform
the duties of such office and receive the com-
pensation of not exceeding twelve hundred
dollars per annum as salary.
Approved, March 3,1873.
Chap. CCLII.— An Act to prevent Cruelty to
Animals while in Transit by Railroad or
other means of Transportation within the
United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That no railroad com-
pany within the United States whose road
forms any part of a line of ro<id over which
cattle, sheep, swine, or other animals shall be
conveyed from one State to another, or the
owners or masters of steam, sailing, or other
vessels carrying or transporting cattle, sheep,
swine, or other animals from one State to
another, shall confine the same in cars, boats, or
vessels of any description, for a longer period
than twenty-eight consecutive hours, without
unloading the same for rest, water, and feed-
ing, for a period of at least five consecutive
hours, unless prevented from so unloading by
storm or other accidental causes. In estimat-
ing such confinement the time during which
the animals have been confined without such
rest on connecting roads from which they are
received shall be included, it being the intent
of this act to prohibit their continuous con-
finement beyond the period of twenty-eight
hours, except upon contingencies hereinbefore
stated. Animals so unloaded shall be prop-
erly fed and watered during such rest by the
owner or person having the custody thereof, or
in case of his default in so doing then by the
railroad company or owners or masters of
boats or vessels transporting the same at the
expense of said owner or person in custody
thereof; and said company, owners, or mas-
ters shall in such cases have a lien upon such
animals for food, care, and custody furnished,
and shall not be liable for any detention of
such animals authorized by this act." Any
company, owner, or custodian of such animals,
who shall knowingly and willfully fail lo com-
ply with the provisions of this act shall, for
each and every such failure to comply with
the provisions of this act, be liable for and
forfeit and pay a penalty of not less than one
hundred nor more than five hundred dollars:
Provided, however, That when animals shall
be carried in ears, boats, or other vessels in
which they can and do have proper food, water,
space, and opportunity for rest, the foregoing
provisions in regard to their being unloaded
shall'not apply.
Sec. 2. That the penalty created by the first
section of this act shall be recovered by civil
action in the name of the United States, in the
circuit or district court of the United States
holden within the district where the violation
of this act may have been committed, or the
person or corporation resides or carries on its
business; and it shall be the duly of all
United States marshals, their deputies and
subordinates, to prosecute all violations of this
act which shall some to their notice or knowl-
edge.
Sec. 3. That any person or corporation en-
titled to lieu under the first section of this act
may enforce the same by a petition filed in the
district court of the United States holden
within the district where the food, care, and
custody shall have been furnished, or the
owner or custodian of the property resides;
and said court shall have power to issue all
suitable process for the enforcement of such
lien by sale^ or otherwise, and to compel the
payment of all costs, penalties, charges, and
expenses of proceedings under this act.
Sec. 4. That this act ehall not go into effect
until the first day of October, eighteen hun-
dred and seventy-two.
Approved, March 8, 1873.
Oiiap. COLHI.—An Act to make San Diego,
in the Stale of California, a Port of Entry.
Beilenactedbyihc Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of A merica in
Congress assembled, That the counties of
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles, San Bernardo,
and San Diego, in the State of California, are
hereby detached from the collection district, of
San Francisco; and all the territory, ports,
harbors, rivers, and waters of said counties
shall constitute a collection district by the
name of tho San Diego district; and the city
of San Diego, on the bay of San Diego, is
hereby established as the solo port of entry
for said district; and the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, shall appoint a col-
lector, to reside at said port, whose compen-
sation shall be three thousand dollars per
annum.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Treasury
shall have power to appoint such inspectors,
weighers, gaugera, measurers, and other offi-
cers as may be necessary for the collection of
the revenue at said port;' aud the collector of
said port may, with the approbation of said
Secretary, appoint inspectors, whose compen-
sation shall be one thousand dollars each per
annum, for each of the ports of San Pedro
and Santa Barbara, which shall continue to
be ports of delivery.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCLIV.—An Act relating to the frac-
tional parts of a barrel containing fer-
mented Liquors.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That section eighteen of
the act entitled "An act fo reduce duties on
imports and to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes," approved June sixth, eigh-
teen hundred and seventy-two, be amended
by striking out the proviso to said section, and
inserting in lieu thereof the following: "In
estimating and computing the internal tax on
all beer, lager beer, ale, porter and other fer-
mented hquor3 by whatever name such liquors
may be called, the fractional parts of a barrel
shall be halves, thirds, quarters, sixths, and
eighths; and any fractional part of a barrel
containing less than one eighth, shall be ac-
counted one eighth; more than one eighth,
and not more than one sixth, shall be accounted
one sixth ; more than one sixth, and not more
than one fourth, shall be accounted one fourth;
more than one fourth, and not more than one
third, shall be accounted one third; more
than one third, and not more than one half,
shall- be accounted one half; more than one
half, and not more than one barrel, shall be
accounted one barrel; and more than one
barrel, and not more than sixty-three gallons,
shall be accounted two barrels, or a hogshead.
Approved, March 3, 1873. •
