1594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
other purposes, and had come to no conclu-
sion thereon.
Mr. SARGENT. I move the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio.. I have the
floor. I move that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the farther consideration of the
sundry civil appropriation bill with the amend-
ments adopted and the amendments pending
in the Committee of the Whole, and that they
be brought before the House for consideration.
Mr. SARGENT. I move the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
the House take a recess until half past seven
o'clock this evening. The House agreed this
evening's session should be for debate only.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not yield for that
purpose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
question is to be on the motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. BURCHARD. Will it be in order to
make that motion to-morrow morning?
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is in order at any time during the last ten
days of the session.
Mr. CONGER. Unless it is understood
this matter is to be debated to-morrow morn-
ing, I -shall move that the House adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will give the
usual hour after the previous question is sec-
onded for debate.
Mr. CONGER. In the "usual hour" I
never yet found my five minutes for debate.
[Laughter.}
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I never knew
when the gentleman did not.
Mr. SARGENT. I move the House now
adjourn.
post office and post roads.
The SPEAKER. A House bill in refer-
ence to the establishment of new post roads
comes from the Senate with many post roads
added. The chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads [Mr. Farns-
worth] moves a substitute covering all the
post roads asked for in either House. If there
be no objection, it will be considered as an
original bill, and acted on a^i-his time.
There was no objection.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 4035) to establish certain post
roads ; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
0kder op business.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. This will cut off the priv-
ilege which this morning was given to the terri-
torial Delegates for an evening session for
debate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That was
made under a suspension of the rules, and the
motion to adjourn is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain a motion to adjourn. A motion to take a
recess, under the circumstances, is in order
because it is carrying out what the House, un
der suspension of the rules, ordered to be done
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the House sus
pend the rules, will not this bill and amend
ments come before the House for considera-
tion as though in committee?
The House divided; and there were—ayes
54, noes 40; no quorum voting.
Mr. SARGENT. Does it not require a
quorum to take a recess ?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. SARGENT. I had supposed that a
motion to adjourn was always in order.
Mr. BURCHARD. I desire to make a
parliamentary inquiry. This motion to take a
recess being treated as a substitute for a mo-
tion to adjourn, will not the same rule apply
to it, that' the presence of a quorum is not
necessary to adopt it?
The SPE AKER. The Chair desires to state
that the motion ofthe gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] will be the very first thing
in order to-morrow after the reading of the
Journal. Is further count on the motion to
take a recess insisted on ?
Mr. SARGENT. I insist on further count.
At the same time I wish to inquire, does the
Chair rule that the motion to adjourn is
not in order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would not like
to make that ruling. But the Chair would say
that he could not but regard it as a breach of
good faith on the part of the House to adjourn
now, after having ordered an evening session
for a special purpose.
Mr. SARGENT. We have frequently ad-
journed after having ordered an evening ses-
sion.
The SPEAKER. But not when the order
has been made under a suspension of the rules.
The Chair would also remind the gentleman
that the meeting is for debate only.
Mr. SARGENT. I understand that,
although I do not see that it makes any differ-
ence. But if the motion to adjourn is not in
order I do not insist on it.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Since the Chair considers
that, under the order of the House, a motion
to adjourn is not in order, may not a motion
to take a recess be carried by less than a quo-
rum?
The SPEAKER. That is the impression of
the Chair. Atthe'same time it would avoid
an apparent inconsistency if the motion
should pass by general acquiescence, inas-
much as it does not interfere with the business
of House in any manner.
Mr. HOAR. I move that the House take a
recess.
The SPEAKER. That motion has already
been carried by a majority of fourteen, if
further count is not insisted on ; but the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Sargent] has
called for further count.
Mr. SARGENT. The House has been in
session since eleven, and the Committee on
Appropriations since ten o'clock, and it is now
almost six o'clock. But if there is a meeting
of the House to-night I must be here.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
argue the motion. If he insists 011 further
count, the Chair appoints as tellers the gentle-
man from California, Mr. Sargext, and the
gentleman from Michigan; Mr. Conger.
Mr. SARGENT. I decline to act as teller.
The SPEAKER. The Chair appoints as
teller, in room of the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, the gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr.
Boles.]
The tellers took their places ; and the
House, having again divided, the tellers
reported—ayes eignty-eight.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not insist on further
count.
So the motion that the House take a recess
was agreed to.
Pending the announcement of the result of
the vote,
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found duly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 138) for the relief of John
B. Emerson;
An act (S. No. 363) to provide for a build-
ing suitable for a post office, for the accommo-
dation of the revenue officers, and the United
States courts and their officers, in the city of
Parkersburg, West Virginia; ,
An act (S. No. 1156) to define the limits of
the collection district of the Teche, in- the
State of Louisiana, and for other purposes ;
An act (S. No. 1325) to grant an American
register to the propeller Oliver Cromwell;
An act (S. No. 1442) for the relief of Henry
E. James; and
An act (S. No. 1499) to authorize the North-
ern Pacific Railroad Company to construct and
maintain a bridge across the St. Louis river.
recess.
The result of the vote on the motion to
take a recess was then announced as above
recorded.
The SPEAKER. The House, pursuant to
its own order, will meet this evening for de-
bate only, no business whatever to be trans-
acted. The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
McKee] will occupy the chair as Speaker pro
tempore.
The House then (at five o'clock and fifty
minutes p. m.) took a recess until seven and a
half o'clock p. ci.
EVENING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House reas-
sembled at half past seven o'clock p. m.
order of business
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. McKee
in the chair.) The House, pursuant to its own
order, -meets this evening for debate only, no
business whatever to be transacted. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bahks] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BANKS. It is not my desire to oecupy
the floor at this time. I yield first to the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stooohton,] who
desires to have a letter read at the Clerk's desk.
pension office.
Mr. STOUGHTON. On Wednesday last,
in a debate in this House on a bill to amend
the sixth section of the act of July 4, 1864, 1
took occasion to refer to some of the rulings
of the Pension Office. 1 have to-day received
a letter from' the Commissioner of Pensions
which, in justice and fairness to him, I think
ought to appear upon the records of the House.
I desire further to say that I have to-day
been shown the original record and files in the
case of William A. Taylor to which I referred
in the course of the debate and that from such
record and files it appears that the claim was
made in 1863, that it was successively rejected
by two former Commissioners and has been
called up by the present Commissioner, the
requisite evidence called for, and that it is now
in a fair way of being equitably adjusted.
Without further comment I send to the Clerk's
desk and ask to have read the letter referred
to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Dei-akimist or this Interior,
Pension Office,
Washingtox, D. C., F^hrnary 21,1873.
Sir : I observe that in the diseussions in the
House on the 20th instant you comment with some
severity upon what purports to be ruling No. 76 of
the Pension Bureau. I beg to inform you that there
is 110 tuch ruling.
Some time ago, in a case which came to the Com-
missioner's desk, he placed an indorsement upon
the papers approving of some action in the medical
division touching the particular case. It wms con-
strued into ruling foreign to the intent of the Com-
missioner.
A few days subsequent my attention was called to
the fact, and I immediately revoked the action
taken and directed that the inferred order be ex-
punged irorn the book of Rulings and Orders. I
lind upon investigation, that my direction was
promptly enforced on the 8th instant. It cannot
operate to effect a single ease.
Your informant was either not in a situation to
give you reliable information, or was prompted by
improper motives.
