1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
631
coin. With authority in the Secretary of the
Treasury to redeem United Slates notes either
with coin or with the class of five per cent,
bonds now offered for sale, and with like
authority to redeem bank bills protested for
non-payment in specie, with the bonds of the
bank deposited with the Treasurer at par, we
would have specie paymeuts except when
bonds of the character named are worth less
han par in specie.
With the advancing credit of the United
States we may safely affirm that such bonds
will always be at par in gold, except at such
times as itwould be ruinous to maintain specie
payments. And with such provision for the
redemption of United States and bank notes,
no large reserve of gold, either in the Treasury
or in the bank, will be required. Such a pro
vision would guard against the sacrifices which
banks and people alike must suffer when com-
pelled to redeem their notes or pay their debts
in coin, made exceptionally scarce by panic
or war. It would reconcile many persons to
a specie standard who dread that an artificial
or temporary scarcity of specie may require
them to fulfill their contracts with money im-
possible to be obtained. Banks who now fear
that under a panic their bonds and securities
may be sacrificed for specie will feel that their
securities deposited with the Treasurer will at
least pay their bills. It is in harmony with
the banking system and all our early loan laws
during the war, which provided for a volun-
tary conversion of notes into bonds. I do not
claim that this is the only expedient against a
panic and for temporary suspension, but I do
claim it will secure us against *,he widespread
bankruptcy that in times past resulted from
the compulsory suspension of specie payments
in the United States.
Having thus shown the obligation and neces-
sity of specie payments, and how the antici-
pated evils of resumption may be avoided, it
remains to examine the means best adapted
to bring it about. Among the innumerable
schemes proposed there are several that are
practicable.
1. To authorize legal-tender notes to be
receivable in payment for bondsof the United
States.
2. To authorize them to be receivable in
payment of duties.
3. To authorize them to be converted into
demand notes bearing interest, or into com-
pound interest notes.
4. A direct resumption of specie payments
on a day in the future to be fixed by law.
5. A graduated scale of rates at which they
will be redeemed in coin, advancing to par in
coin at a prescribed day.
The examination of these plans would lead
me more into detail than I propose to go at
this time. Each of them would immediately
advance our notes toward a specie standard.
The second only is subject to the objection
that it would violate the public faith, now
pledged to maintain the customs revenue in
coin as a special fund for the payment of in-
terest on the public debt. A careful consid-
eration of the whole Bubject leads me to the
conviction that the simplest and most expedi-
ent measure is to declare by law that on and
after the 1st day of January next the United
States will redeem its notes either with coin
or, at the option of the Secretary of the
Treasury, with its bonds of convenient de-
nominations bearing five per cent, interist
in coin. This will be a recognition by the
United States of its solemn pledge, made on
March 18, 1868, that it will at the earliest
?racticable period redeem its notes in coin,
t will provide also for the possible but not
probable contingency that more notes will be
presented than can conveniently be paid in
coin. In that event the United States will
redeem its notes in a character of bonds now
worth par in gold in the money market of the
world. The objections that may be made
i>ud its effect upon the national banks have
already been anticipated in what I have said.
It is founfled upon the plain equity that if we
cauuot literally perform our promise by pay-
ment in coin, we will at least give to the
public creditor who holds the notes of the
United States a bond bearing a commercial
value equal to gold. It', then, these notes are
in excess of the wants of the people for a cur-
rency, they will be presented for redemption,
and ought to be redeemed, if not, their value
will be appreciated to thegold standard, and this
is specie payments. The necessary modifica-
tions of the banking act can properly be post-
poned until a future time, when the practical
effect of a specie standard upon United States
notes will test the ability of the banks to main-
tain their notes at par with United States
notes. Whether they should be relieved from
maintaining so large a reserve, whether there
should be one center of redemption, these are
questions of practical legislation for the future.
The moment the notes are redeemable in coin
the banking system ceases to be limited in
number and distribution of banks, and will
stand like all other business pursuits, open to
all who will give the requisite security for their
notes and will obey the general law.
In submitting these remarks at this time I
feel like apologizing for passing by arguments
worthy of consideration ; but my only purpose
now was to present with the substitute reported
by the Committee of Finance the leading rea-
sons in favor of it. My hope is, and it is a
reasonable one, that neither Senators nor the
public will confine their arguments to critical
objections, but will suggest some plan better
suited to the objects we have in view. I, for
one, while honestly supporting this plan, will
readily adopt any better one that will make
the now broken promise of tha United States
to pay one dollar equal to the best gold dollar
of the mint.
Mr. President, I move that the amendments
be printed, and that the bill take its place on
the Calendar, and on some convenient day,
when the Senate are ready to consider a ques-
tion like this, I shall move to take up the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill and
amendments will be printed, of course, under
the rule.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2291) making appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1874, and for other purposes,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
elizabeth s. brewer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ramsey
in the chair.) The Senate resumes the con-
sideration of the Calendar under the Anthony
rule.
Mr. TIPTON. I wish to withdraw the
objection I made to action on a bill last
evening.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
bill on the Calendar is the bill (H. R. No. 2884)
for the settlement and payment of the claim
of Elizabeth S. Brewer, executrix of John
RrftWftr.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Ne-
braska, who objected to the bill on which the
Calendar stopped yesterday, withdraws his
objection—the Loomis telegraph bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
was the unfinished business yesterday when
the Senate adjourned, and it takes precedence.
The bill (H. R. No. 2884^) for the settlement
and payment of the claim of Elizabeth S.
Brewer, executrix of John Brewer, is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
loomis aerial telegraph.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now.let us go back to
the Loomis Aerial Telegraph bill, the objec-
tion to which the Senator from Nebraska has
withdrawu.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection the Senate will consider as in
Committee of the Whole the Bill (H. R. No.
772) to incorporate the Loomis Aerial Tele-
graph Company.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think this
bill is so interesting in its character that the
Senate will desire very much to hear it read.
Mr. ANTHONY. It was read yesterday.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask that it
be read now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read at lenghth.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
which reported this bill, to explain something
of its character. I see it is entitled an Aerial
Telegraph Company, and yet the third sec-
tion asserts that the chief business and occu-
pation of the corporation shall be to utilize the
principles and powers of natural electricity, to
be used in telegraphing, generating light, heat,
and motive power, and otherwise make and
operate any machinery run by electricity for
any purpose. I desire to know whether the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce has
thoroughly studied this subject so that he has
confidence in the results, and whether it is a
fit subject for Congress to embark in. I have
no doubt he will be able to give us a flood of
light on this subject.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I am
not specially familiar with the subject. My
honorable friend, the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Anthony,] gave me a great deal
of information about it, and I think he is per-
haps better advised as to the scientific methods
of performing the several acts proposed than
any one else here. I understand that you only
have to get up fourteen or fifteen thousand
feet above the earth, when you can commence
telegraphing if you have the instruments ; but
the precise method of getting up I have never
arrived at. I think my friend from Rhode
Island will be able to give the information.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is not a proposition
for the Government to embark in anything.
It is simply to give an act of incorporation to
a scientific man who thinks he has made a
great invention; I do not know that he has.
If there is anything in the bill itself that is im-
proper I should like to have it corrected, but
if we are to refuse to incorporate a company
because we believe they cannot accomplish the
object they undertake, I think we are embark-
ing into all sorts of business. Yesterday it
was complained by the Senator from Ohio that
there was nothing for this corporation to do.
Now the Senator from Vermont says there is
too much for them to do; they are to generate
heat, light, electricity, and run machinery. I
think that is considerable for one company.
I do not see anything objectionable in the
bill. It is merely to incorporate a few men
to do what any one of them can do alone, and
if there is nothing objectionable in the bill I
hope it will be allowed to pass.
It is very common to laugh down great in-
ventions, or what their originators think are
great inventions, and I dare say I join in it
myself sometimes; but all great inventions
have been illusions to begin with. The most
charming of all American poets has said:
"But sneer not thou at those who rise to loftier
illusions.
Great truths are oft, the Sage replies, foreshadowed
by delusions."
Dr. Loomis thinks he can telegraph without
intervention of wires, and he thinks he has
made experiments which prove it, and if he can
get persons to contribute money to test the
question, where is the harm in giving him the
opportunity to do it ? He asks nothing from
the Government.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, a very
singular incident once occurred in the Senate of
