1596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
It seems he is to bind the clouds of heaven,
and make them pay tribute to his greed.
"Second. Assuming the daily extraction to increase
to five thousand tons after completion of the tunnel-
Drainage, 5.0000 tons, at two dollars...  $10,000
Transportation of ore, 5,000 tons, at one
dollar  5,000
Transportation of men, 6,000, at fifty cents.. 3,000
Transportation of waste rock, 2,000 tons, at
one dollar  2,000
Transportation of timber, &c  300
Itevenuo per day  $20,300
Or per annum of 300 days $6,090,000
ltcvenue from the sale of water  200,000
Total .86,290.000
From the sale of land the proceeds are
estimated at $3,000,000
He does not say if it be three million per
day, year, or for all eternity.
"The revenue arising from thediscovery and devel-
opment of mines oti the tunnel cannot be estimated.
" N. B. All estimates on cost and revenues on a
gold basis."
Why, Mr. Speaker, there are five hundred
Jew speculators in Wall street or Lombard
street who would fall down on their knees
ami worship Sutro for a single chance at this
tunnel block, greater in yield than even the
renowned golden goose.
From an expenditure of $1,483,616 an
annual income of $6,290,000, and a possi-
bility " that cannot be estimated." And yet
the author of this statement holds the Ameri-
can Congress breathless over his demand for
a pretended loan of $"2,000,000. A loan upon
what? Property for which he has never paid
one dollar. One year it is voted to Sutro;
the next he proposes to bond it to the giver
for two millions.
What has this man Sutro done for his age
and race that we should give him two millions
of the people's money?
What will the crippled soldiers of our land,
hobbling on to the grave, shut out from a well-
earned pension by some technicality of law,
say to this. What will the noble old heroes
of 1812, who, in poverty and sickness, are
going down into their honored graves without
a pension because they fought one day less
than sixty ? What will the tax-payers of this
country say ? And now, Mr. Speaker, I ask
the members of this House, if any there be
who would vote to give $2,000,000 to Sutro,
by what right they do it ?
The precious metals are no longer more
precious to us than other merchandise. Upon
what plea would you justify an expenditure of
$2,000,000 m the district 1 have the honor to
represent in so enriching the soil that we
could produce an increased amouut of the
products of the soil, which are as profitable to
us as a people as any yield of gold, for they
command gold in a foreign market. What
right have we to discriminate by special legis-
lation in favor of one industry over another?
Gold-producing to-day is but an American
industry, because its product, like other pro-
ducts, is merchantable.
The popular belief that a vigorous develop-
ment of our mines is essential to the payment
of our public debt is but the idle clamor of
theorists; it is but a relic of the traditionary
prejudice of the political economists of other j
days. i
The cotton crop of the South is as worthy j
of special subsidy, for it commands gold. The
grain crop of the illimitable West is as much
entitled to special subsidy, for it commands
gold; better, for the soil that produces it can
be recuperated; but let us once force open and
empty our mines of their gold and silver, and
we cannot reproduce them.
Then, too, what right have we to say in what
way the mines of Nevada shall be worked,
any more than we have a right to dictate how
many pegs shall be put in the heel of a Lynn
stoga ? i
These mines are private property. Gov- !
eminent has never interfered in gold, silver,
copper, lead, iron, or coal mines ; but Mr.
Speaker, if Government should decide to go
into the mining business, if it wants to take
possession of the Nevada mines, let it be
done in the name of the people, and under
the charge of an experienced mining engineer
•corps, for the people, and not for one man,
Sutro. An American Congress was not cre-
ated to take away the vested rights of citizens,
but by wise legislation to assure all the people
of equal protection under the Constitution,
whether at home or abroad, or in the mount-
aines, whithersoever enterprise and daring
invites them.
We have heard much of the overshadowing
tyranny of the bank of California. The honor-
able gentleman from Massachusetts cunningly
alludes to it. But Sutro's capital in trade is
playing the injured innocent. Cunning men,
to compass their ends, play upon the sym-
pathies of others. Whoever saw a fall-grown
man attempt to punish a small boy in a crowd
but the crowd would turn to mob the big man,
without ever asking what crime the boy had
been guilty of.
All the energies of the managers of the
big •' California bank," Sutro would have us
believe, are directed to no other purpose than
the annihilation of his august presence. I
confess to an influence once in favor of Sutro
from his frantic shrieks of the oppressions of
this vast, power-wielding corporation, and I
now look with suspicion and alarm to the pos-
sibilities of power to be wielded in this coun-
try by aggregations of vast amounts of capital
under corporate seals ; but to no other corpor-
ation do 1 look with as much alarm as to this
one-man-power corporation of Sutro, which
demands Government aid to take possession
of other men's property, and destroy a rail-
road and a modern city together. I have seen
that wonderful Virginia City of Nevada which
this bill proposes to make desolate.
I have been down into the cavernous depths
beneath it, from whence the Government com-
missioners report that one hnndred and twenty-
five millions of bullion has gone out to the
world withouttheaidof Sutro, andthe honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,]
makes the amount much larger. 1 have stood at
the mouth of the tunnel and listened to the silver-
toned voice of Sutro as his enraptured vision
pictured (as if by magic wand) the uprising of
the new city. I beheld through his imagina-
tion and glowing eloquence the new city alive
with honest, toiling men and women, paying
hourly tribute to this great genius and bene-
factor of the human race who in an hour of
sublime inspiration revealed unto mankind a
tunnel. I glanced down the long vista of his
silver-paved streets and beheld this' modern
Solomon in all his glory with no lilies arrayed
like unto him.
I have pictured a "companion piece" to
this historic genius in the resurrection of
Sancho Panza as full-fledged governing gov-
ernor of the island, and felt that the world's
great loss was that he was shut out by too
early birth from the opportunities of a con-
gressional lobbyist. Sut.ro before the royal
gates of a loyal city, robed in a two-dollar-a-
ton royalty, was more than Governor. He
was king, the true crowned king of lobbyists.
I have no interest in any mine or man in
Nevada or California beyond that which every
legislator should feel; but as a plain business
man, accustomed from long experience to
measure things by their usefulness and weigh
them by their right, I have stood in amaze-
ment that a scheme so purely personal in its
speculation should ever have been permitted
to occupy, so much of the time of many Con-
gresses, and I could only account for it upon
the accepted popular idea, that a first-class,
persistent lobbyist is an irrepressible institu-
tion, and that the good nature of Congressmen
is victimized by lobby smiles showered upon
them. The influence, too, of books, in this age
of the world, who can resist it? Gilt-edged
books, bound in red, bound in green, bound
in blue, oh, happy statesmen, when the "bur-
dens of State are laid aside, what consolation
to reflect that any one of us can start a second-
hand book store in the new silver city, near the
deserted Virginia City, at the mouth of Sutro
tunnel, with a full stock on hand.
I would deal gently with Sutro, for I know
he has, like all familiar smiling feces, the
sympathy of some Congressman ; but as a
teacher, more than a lobbyist, he is a danger-
ous man. The agrarian spirit of our day is
fast teaching labor that' its enemy is capital,
although labor has accumulated to-day in our
savings banks more money than many kings
of old ever saw, and notwithstanding the
fact in human experience that the rich of
to-day are the poor of to-morrow, and that
the lowest born often attain to the greatest
wealth and to the highest and most honorable
positions, and that in this free America there
can be no conflicting interests of labor and
capital, and that there is no enemy of the
poor man but idleness and the gratification of
his own passions.
I read from a speech of Mr. Sutro, delivered
to the miners of Nevada, that you may judge if'
he be worthy of special Government bounty :
" Eouse up, then, fellow-citizens. You have no
Andrew Jackson among you to crush oat the bank
which has taken your liberties, but you have the
power within yourselves. I do not mean to incite
you to any violence; I do not mean to have you
assert your rights by riot, force, and threats. That
would be unwise, unnecessary, and wouldonlyrceoil
upon yourselves. But I do mean to say that you
can destroy your enemy by simple concert of action.
Let all of you join in together to build the Sutro
tunnel; that is the way to reach them. They do
already tremble lest you will act; they know you
will form a great moneyed power, and that you will
own the mines; they know it will cement you
together."
How like a second Mark Antony he speaks!
After a personal visit to the Nevada mines,
and to the end of the tunnel as it stood six
years after the contract made with the miners,
I utter it as a conviction of our duty as sworn
protectors of the people's money, that between
the proposition of voting a two-million subsidy
from out the United States Treasury to enrich
an individual, and the proposition of arresting
the individual for a persistent attempt to rob
the Treasury, I should vote for the arrest.
Mr. SARGENT. I believe that this even-
ing session was intended for the Delegates, and
I do not wish to intrude upon their time if
any gentleman wishes to speak.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. I have
but a few words to say. Nothing but the deep-
est interest in the welfare of that portion of
the United States lying west of the Rocky
mountains would induce me to appear here
to-night and speak to empty benches, and I do
it now, sir, only in the hope that I may be able
to raise my voice through the press upon a
question of the most absorbing interest to that
j portion of the country in which I have lived
for twenty years, and I must at the outset thank
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Mer
uiam,] who has just spoken, for the very lucid
and exhaustive argument which he has pre
sonted on the opposite side of this question.
Manifestly a miner from his childhood, evi-
dently familiar with all the peculiarities of
interest which affect the people on the Pacific
coast, he has given us an illustration of the
importance of this work and its value to the
nation which will certainly fill a very bright
page in the Congressional Globe. With Mr.
Sutro as an individual I have nothing to do.
It matters not whether this work be proposed
by A, B, C, or any other letter of the alphabet.
The question is, will the American people
as a body consent to give that same favorable
consideration to the great interests of mining
in America which they have extended to all
the other material interests of the country ?
In twenty years' experience I cannot to-night.
