632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
the United States that has often been mentioned
as illustrative of—I was going to say the im-
pudence. but perhaps that is not. the proper
word—of one of the most distinguished mem-
bers this body ever contained, the Senator
from Kentucky, Mr. Clay. He made a speech
in which he assailed the Democratic leaders,
as he called them, in the Senate, and all the
time he spoke he looked at the then Senator
from Pennsylvania who had a certain squint in
his eye. That Senator rose to reply to him.
After the Senator had stated the fact that he
was replying, and was evidently taking the
remarks to himself, Mr. Clay rose and said
that the Senator was entirely mistaken, that
he spoke of " the leaders of the party." The
Senator from Pennsylvania was deeply abashed
at that remark, and he said, " Why, the Sen-
ator looked at me." "There again," said
Mr. Clay, ''the Senator is entirely mistaken.
That was entirely owing to the obliquity of his
vision." [Laughter.]
Now, when the Senator from Rhode Island
said there was an attempt to laugh this bill
out of existence and ridicule it, he looked at
me, if I have no obliquity of vision that mis-
led me. 1 assure him that I am not attempt-
ing to laugh his bill out of existence; but if
we are to treat it seriously I must say that it
does not stand upon any such foundation as
any other bill of this kind ever has that has
come before the Senate.
The Senator alluded to Morse's invention
yesterday. Vv'hy, sir, Morse demonstrated in
this very Capitol building, or in the old build-
ing, before the eyes of every Senator and
Representative who saw fit to look at him,
that his invention was a useful invention, (hat
there was nothing imaginary about it. With
his wires laid in this very Capitol and with his
machinery in operation in the Rotunda of the
Capitol, before the eyes of every Senator and
Representative in Congress, he demonstrated
that his was not a visionary scheme ; and then
Congress did what? Then Congress gave him
a small appropriation to try whether it would
operate between here and the city of Balti-
more; but before that little appropriation of
$30,0U0 was made he had demonstrated with
his instruments and with his wires in this very
building in which we stand that it was not an
imaginary thing at all, but that it was capable
of doing what he claimed it would do.
I do not think that there has been any such
demonstration by Mr. Loomis. Mr. Loomis,
as I understand, claims that he can telegraph
through the air without any wire or cable, or
anything at all; that just as the earth serves
for a conductor with the telegraphic apparatus
that we have, so far as the return of elec-
tricity is concerned in one direction, so he can
dispense with the other wire and make the at-
mosphere do what the earth does now. That
is his claim; but has he demonstrated it?
Has he ever in any instance telegraphed a
hundred yards, much less a hundred miles ?
Not so far as I know ; not so far as is shown
to us. Siill I say I. am not going to oppose
this bill, although I do think it is a very
singular thing for Congress to pass such a
bill without one single experiment, so far as
we know, ever having been successful in this
novel mode of telegraphing.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will allow
me, when Mr. Morse demonstrated the feasi-
bility of the electric telegraph we gave him
an appropriation. This man does not ask for
any appropriation. He asks for facilities to
allow other people to test it; that is all. I grant
freely that it would be very improper, and I
would not myself vote for an appropriation to
this man for this purpose, but he only asks us
to give him such facilities as will enable other
people to contribute their money to see if
anything can come out of his invention.
Mr. THURMAN. Is that all we propose
to do? The Congress of the United States
are asked to grant a solemn charter which
really I cannot understand, for it does not
provide that he shall set up any telegraph
anywhere, or maintain any telegraph line any-
where, and gives liiin no authority to establish
telegraph lines anywhere; but we are asked
to pass this charter—for what purpose?
Mr. ANTHONY. To test the experiment;
nothing more.
Mr. THURMAN. To test the experiment.
Well, I do not know that a charter is neces-
sary in order to enable him to do that; but,
as I said yesterday, I am not going to oppose
the bill. I shall not vote against it, but 1 can-
not vote for it; and I really do fear it would be
making Congress a little bit ridiculous to grant
a solemn charter providing for two million
dollars of capital to test an experiment which,
if it is feasible, ought to have been tested
long ago.
Mr. CAMERON. I think this bill, has
already interrupted the regular business too
long, and I therefore object to its considera-
tion unless we can get a vote at once upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of the opinion that the Senator is too late
in making his objection to the bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I think not. I have
very good authority for believing not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion
to postpone would be in order.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not wish to make
that motion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not want the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania to object, and I hope
he will not; but I am bound to say that ac-
cording to the manner in which this rule has
been administered an objection made at any
time during the progress of a bill is in order.
1 made one myself the other day after a debate
had been going on for two hours on a bill. I
hope the Senator will not object, however, but
will let us take a vote upon it.
Mr. CAMERON. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. ANTHONY. Still, if the Senator ob-
jects he has a right to do so, and it is in order.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall not insist on the
objection if we can have a vote; but if there
is to be further discussion I shall object.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time.
Mr. TIPTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21), nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Chandler, Colo, Corbett, Davis,
Edmunds, I'Ynton, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Uubert, Harlan, Hitchcock, Kelly, Machcn, Morton,
Pratt, ilamsey, Hansom, Sawyer, Sherman, Ste-
venson, Stewart, Vickers, West, and Wilson—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Casserly, Ferry of Connec-
ticut. Hiimilton of Texas, llamlin, Howe, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Tipton, and Trumbull—12.
ABSENT—Messrs.Bayard, Blair,Brownlow, Cald-
well. Carpenter. Clayton, Conkling, Cooper, Cragin,
Frelinghuysen, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hill, Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Norwood,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Rice,
Schurz, Scott, Spencer, Sprague, Stockton, Sumner,
Thurman, Windom, and VVright—33.
So the bill was passed.
T. H. HOLDERNESS
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2570) for the relief of T. H. Ilold-
erness, owner of the British ship Duke of
Edinburgh ; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to T. II. Holderness,
owner of the British ship Duke of Edinburgh, '
$3,350 45, for reimbursement of amount ex-
pended by him in repairing injuries to that
vessel, received by collision with the United ,
States steamer General McPherson. !
The bill was reported to tho Senate without j
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read !
the third time, and passed.
JUDICIAL* SYSTEM.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(Et. R. No. 1864) to extend the provisions
ot the act of April 10, 1869, eutitled "An act
to amend the judicial system of the United
States."
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that
that act be referred to the Committee on tho
Judiciary. There is no objection to the refer-
ence, I believe.
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL RIGHTS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(S. No. 1176) to extend the provisions of the
fourth section of the act approved April 20,
1871, and to declare and enforce the civil
rights-of citizens of the United States.
Mr. THURMAN. That bill had better lie
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the bill will lie over.
FANNY A. THOMPSON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 1177) for the relief of Fanny A. Thomp-
son, surviving heir and legal representative
of William Thompson, deceased, formerly a
brigadier general in the army of the revolu-
tionary war.
Mr. BOREMAN. As the chairman of the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims is not
present, the bill had better go over informally.
I should like to have it acted on now if he
were here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be passed over.
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT.
The next business on the Calendar was the
joint resolution (S. li. No. 7) proposing an
amendment to the Constitution providing for
the election of President by a direct vote of
the people, and abolishing the office of Vice.
President.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has that been reported
by any committee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has not
been.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Privileges and
Elections.
Mr. MORTON. That resolution was intro-
duced by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. St'MNEK,] who is not present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Did he wish to speak
upon it ?
Mr. MORTON. I rather think he did.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then let the joint reso-
lution be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT SAN FRANCISCO.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 2764) making an appropriation
for the erection of a marine hospital at San
Francisco; which was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It authorizes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to erect on one of the
Government reservations near the city of San
Francisco, California, a pavilion hospital in
accordance with the designs and estimates
prepared by the supervising architect, the cost
of the hospital not to exceed the amount of
the estimates, namely, $58,789 56. And the
Secretary is authorized, in his discretion, to
sell the marine hospital and grounds now
owned by the Government in that city.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds reported the bill with an amendment,
to add the following proviso :
And provided further, That no reservation shall
be used or occupied for the purpose herein indi-
cated if tho same is wanted or likely to be wanted
by the military department, nor without its formal
consent first obtained.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think according to
what we did yesterday we ought to provide
that it should not be used if the reservation
was wanted by any private citizen. That
would be more in accordance with the theory
we have adopted ; but as the committee have
reported the amendment in this shape, I will
not make a motion to amend it.
The amendment was agreed to.
