1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1597
point my finger to the page of the statutes of
the United States where any fostering care of
this Government has ever been extended to
our mining interests. I find not one dollar
appropriated for their encouragement, while
untold millions have been scattered with a
lavish hand upon agriculture, foe the protec-
tion of commerce, for the development of
manufactures, and for every other material
interest of the country. That interest which
lies at the foundation of all others has been
allowed to find its way along its dark and tor-
tuous course merely by the enterprise of the
individuals engaged in it.
I am obliged to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Meriiiam] for another fact which
was not familiar to me before; that is, that
the precious metals are no longer precious in
the world ; that we have as a basis of trade and
com merce that which is better than the precious
metals themselves. Sir, I learned in the horn-
books of my early life that the precious metals,
by the common consent of mankind, had been
adopted as the measure of all values in the
world, and that just in proportion as thatmeas-
ure bore a proper ratio to the things to be
measured, just in that proportion would sta-
bility of trade ensue, and just in proportion
as the producis of the eartli and the products
of your manufactures exceed the means of
handling them, just in that proportion irregu-
larities ensue iu trade.
And those irregularities cannot be corrected
by currency, because currency is not a repre-
sentative of value. You may stamp all the
greenbacks you please with the sign-manual
of the Government of the United States, and
yet in the eye of the commercial world they
are not the representative of value ; they are
but the representative of a measure of value,
An,d other things being equal, the proportion
which your currency bears to the precious
metals is the measure of its value just in pro-
portion as it exceeds the ratio.
To give you a simple illustration, before
weights came into use so universally as at
present, we were accustomed to measure the
grain produced from the earth by means of a
half bushel. Now, if all the products of
America to-day had to be measured in one
half bushel the value of your products would
depreciate for the want of a sufficient measure.
While fifty million dollars in coin at one
period in the history of this country might
have been sufficient to measure all the pro-
ducts of your manufactures and of your soil,
yet as those productions have increased a
thousandfold, the measure of value must also
increase, or there is difficulty iu your com-
mercial transactions.
Hence it follows that the development of our
mines and the production of the precious
metals, bringing those measures of the values
of the world up to a proper ratio to the produc
tions of the earth, becomes essential to the
stability of ail classes of business. You may
have your seven hundred million or your thou-
sand million dollars of currency resting upon
fifty million dollars of coin. But just as you
enlarge that amount of currency by your coin
just in that proportion instability ensues.
Why is your currency worth seventy cents
on the dollar one year, eighty cents the next,
and ninety cents on the dollar the following
year? Why is it like a barometer rising and
falling with every puff of financial wind that
blows across the country? It is because the
measure of the representative of value exceeds
the just proportion of the measure itself. It
is because there is more currency in the coun-
try to-day than there is the gold and silver
basis upon which it can properly rest. And
until the production of the precious metals is
brought up to a higher standard with the rapid
increase of manufactures and agricultural pro-
ducts in this country, instability must become
manifest to every one.
I take it, to be a sound principle of finances
that, other things being equal, the more cur-
rency you have in proportion to your coin t ie
less its value. You cannot with y-our pciiu.ug-
presses and with your modern devices accom-
modate the necessities of the country by means
of printed paper so long as the great commer-
cial world recognizes gold and silver as the
only measure by which the commodities can
be gauged, ascertained, transmitted, and ex-
changed. Therefore, it becomes a question
of great natioual interest, this of the develop-
ment and production of the precious metals.
The bill under discussion here to-night is
not, if I understand aright, a bill to put untold
millions into Mr. Sutro's pocket. It is not a
bill for the destruction of Virginia City. It is
not a bill for the upturning of the rails of the
railroad company. It is a bill to promote and
encourage, to stimulate and increase the pro-
duction of the precious metals. And if it can
be reasonably shown that this bill by receiv-
ing the acceptance of Congress will tend to
the accomplishment of this end, then a great
national work will be accomplished, ltisnot
only a measure for the benefit of the Pacific
coast and of the mining districts, it is for the
benefit of every commercial and industrial in-
terest that this measure of value throughout
the country should be increased in proportion
to the increase of production.
But the question arises, may this bill if it
be enacted into a law be reasonably expected
to produce this result? No man who has
lived for any considerable length of time in the
mining districts of the country cau avoid,
reaching the conclusion that the great cause
of the exceeding slowness, if I may so speak
of the production of the precious metala, is the
difficulty under which they are produced. I
remember some twenty years ago to have
passed through some of the most productive
silver mines in America. I recollect to have
stood on the brink of the shaft of the cele-
brated Cerro Pasco mine in Peru; and I saw
there some of the primitive processes of min-
iug. Every bucketful of water, every par-
ticle of ore raised from those mines, came
from a depth of fifteen hundred feet upon the
backs of Peruvians. Bach man was loaded with
hisgoat-skin of water or metal, as the ease might
be. The result was that the work was one of ex-
ceeding labor and exceeding slowness. Twenty
years ago, in the barbarous regions of Peru, I
heard the same argument made against progress
that 1 have heard upon this floor in the year
1873. Tiie man there who amid toil and
sweat was climbing up those ladders with fifty
pounds of ore denounced the then proposed
idea of a tunnel in most unmeasured terms.
It was proclaimed that if the mountains were
tapped and the water allowed to run out of
itself, one half of the labor of the city of Cerro
Pasco would be destroyed. And, sir, they
refused to permit it. The company that worked
those mines finally ran down till the cost of
production was equal to the value of the pro-
duct itself. Then they were compelled to
stop, for the prejudices of that age -refused to
allow them to perforate the mountain and
drain the mines. Those mines lay idle for three
years. Starvation came upon the people. The
city was rapidly becoming depopulated. Ne-
cessity then accomplished that which the
people had refused. The result was that they
themselves, with all their ignorance and super-
stition and blindness, were compelled to yield
to the necessities of the case and allow the
tunnel to be driven. The mines were then
tapped below the working level; the water
flowed off of itself; aud again mining became
possible and profitable.
But still they insisted on elevating the ores
from those mines to the surface, not by the
steam-engine, not by the appliances of modern
ingenuity, but upon the backs of men. That
condition went on for ten years longer. The
mighty agency of steam was refused. The
mob of Cerro Pasco threatened to destroy any
machinery which should be there erected,
until again the cost of production equaled
the value of the product, when again the pre-
judices and superstition? of the age had to
break down before dire necessity, To-day
the steam-engine is at work at the month of
the mines of Cerro Pasco; again pioductioh
has become profitable; and again the city is
prosperous.
' Sir, in regard to the mines in Nevada, we
have almost reached the point to which I have
referred. Already the cost of production is
rapidly reaching the value of the thing pro-
duced; and with the enlightened policy which
has been advocated here to-night, it will be
but a short time before, the vast mines of
Nevada will become as valueless as those of
Cerro Pasco were in 1850. I might go on and
give illustrations of a similar character from
other mines which I have visited in different
parts of the world. But, sir, it occurs to me
that the common sense and intelligence of
Congress will recognize the truth of these
propositions without my spending further time
upon their illustration.
The idea of a tunnel is not a new one. This
is no new-fangled or far-fetched thought of
Mr. Sutro. It is an idea sustained by the
common-sense experience of all the miners
of the world. The opposition to this proposi-
tion rests upou some of the most remarkable
grounds found in the history of Congress;
and I regard the volume of evidence taken
before the Committee on Mines and Mining,
which I have read with some care, as a sample
of the most curious literature of the nineteenth
century. We are there told in plain terms
that it is cheaper to hoist a ton of rock fifteen
hundred feet from the bowels of the earth to
the surface than it is to drop that rock down
to a tunnel by its own. gravity. We are told
it is cheaper to pump water fifteen hundred
feet into the air than to pull a plug out of the
bottom and let it run out. We are there told,
sir, it is better to work in a temperature of
one hundred degrees Fahrenheit than for the
miners to, work at seventy degrees ,; that they
can produce more metal, grander results, more
profitable consequences than they could with
wholesome, cool atmosphere in which to labor.
And such seems to have been the conclusion,
also, of the distinguished gentleman from the
State of New York, [Mr. ;>1ekbiam.].
Tunnels, sir, are no new things. There are
those on this floor who can bear me witness
this system of mining is not oaly applicable
to great fissure lodes of the world in which
rock is carried aud hoisted for the purpose of
smelting or crushing, but in every one of the
hill diggings of California, wherever the thing
is possible, the miners, at their own suggestion
and following out the principles of their own
common sense, have perforated those mount-
ains from a low level on a horizontal plane,
thus enabling, iu the first place, successful and
cheap drainage, and secondly, the delivery
of their ore upon the surface at a cost vastly
less than by hoisting it up through shafts.
What does the Sutro tunnel propose to do?
It simply proposes to cut the Comstock lode
at a depth of two thousand feet, from the sur-
face, at such an angle of inclination as will
permit the water of that mine to drain out by
the action of gravity, thus dispensing with all
those magnificent pumps of which the gentle-
man from New York speaks, of those mag-
nificent steam-engines which have been trans-
ported to Nevada and erected at immense
cost, and over whose dried bones, as they will
soon lie reeking on the plains of Nevada, the
gentleman has given us such a dolorous re-
quiem. The sooner these engines cease their
motions, the sooner those pumps cease to
work, the sooner will the capacity of the
Comstock lode rise from its present condition
to one of vast increase. Just in proportion
as you can reduce the cost of production you
stimulate that production; and every man
knows, whether in Nevada or elsewhere upon
the surface of the earth, in all deep mining the
great cost is getting rid of the water.
