634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
-*•-
of an act of Congress inaugurate legislators
an J set up a Legislature—when he shows we
have professed any such thing as that, then I
wnl be willing to take his rebuke, but not till
then.
No. sir, that will not do at all. There was
a time when the Supreme Court, of the United
Siates made a decision, a solemn decision, upon
a most interesting question of the interpretation
of the Constitution of the United States, and
1 remember full well that there was a mighty
party in this country, which has since become
the dominant party, that condemned that de-
cision, and paid no manner of respect«to it,
and undertook to consign the judge who deliv-
ered that opinion to eternal infamy. It will
not do therefore to talk about this decision of
this judge at New Orleans, this district judge,
who assumes to overturn a State and to set up
a State government upon an injunction bill!
But, Mr. President, I confess that we are
running away a little from this resolution. I
am in favor of an investigation if a fair investi-
gation can be made. All I ask is that it be
made, and whatever may be the result of the
investigation, if it shall be according to the
truth of the case. I shall most cheerfully and
willingly supnort it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Ohio
says that he does not object to the President exe-
cuting acts of Congress in the use of the Army.
We are very much obliged to him for that; but
he says he does not know where the President
gets authority before there is any call upon
him by a Legislature or a Governor, which-
ever one mav be the true one, to interfere.
So say I. When the President does interfere
in such a case as that, it will be time enough
to inquire. The Army of the United States,
under the command of the President, has not
interfered in the way that the Senator seems
to imply that it has, unless it is interference
to be quartered in the city of New Orleans
rather than in the city of Columbus in Ohio.
I should like to know where this Army of
ours is going to stay if every State sets up its
dignity and says "you must not be with us."
Suppose New England says "we do not want
any army; get out of our way;" the middle
States say "you cannot stay here; you are
infringing on State rights here;" and the
southern States say the same thing. What
then is to become of the poor people serving
in the Army?
Mr. THURMAN. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion. Did not the Army of the United States
take possession of "the Mechanics' Insti-
tute ;" I believe that is the name of the build-
ing which was temporarily the State House of
Louisiana?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will come to that.
Mr. THL'RMAN. Did they not take pos-
session of it and keep possession of it before
any recognition of any government was made
by the President of the United States?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It may be; but the Sen-
ator from Ohio, with his usual adroitness,
chooses to confound two distinct and separate
things. One thing about which he was speak-
ing and about which I am speaking, is the
action of the President under the Constitution
to protect the States from domestic violence
on the call of the Governor or the Legislature,
and under the act of Congress which author-
izes him to carry that out. That is one thing.
The duty of the President of the United States
to see that the laws of the United States are
faithfully executed and that the mandates of
the courts of the United States are carried out
is an entirely different thing. I do not doubt
that the Senator from Ohio understands the
difference. I have too muck respect for his
intelligence and his learning to doubt it for a
single moment. It is better, therefore, not to
run the two things together, I would suggest
to him.
Let u's speak but of one for a moment.
What, has the President of the United States
done in the way of interference, forcible inter-
ference, armed interference, with the affairs
of the State of Louisiana, under this first
branch of the subject? Nothing at all, unless
it is a crime that lie should have a portion of
the Army at a military post in the city of New
Orleans, and unless it is a crime that, in order
to be ready for emergencies, he should have
commanded his officers, under the act of 1792
that I have referred to, that if a dispute did
arise to recognize one set of men as the true
State government.
When you turn over to the other thing of
which the Senator speaks, you have the man-
date of a court, you have the execution of a
law. Perhaps the court is wrong; 1 express
no opinion about it; I am not hasty in ex-
pressing opinions—at least I do not mean to
be—about judicial proceedings until they in
some way come under consideration ; because
I think we are sometimes a little too hasty in
going off about what a court has done before
we see the papers and hear both sides argue
the matter before us. That is thought to be
usually advisable in regard to judicial pro-
ceedings. The marshal of the United States
is commanded to execute a particular man-
date. The Senator from Ohio says he does
not know where the marshal gets his authority
to call upon the people composing the Army
of the United States to assist in the execution
of that mandate. The Senator's memory is
pretty short, and I am not sure but mine would
be if I had had the same political views and
been brought up in the same faith as my friend.
In the fugitive slave law—a pretty extreme
case, I admit, but it is extreme in the line of
my argument in favor of my proposition—it
was provided by the act of Congress that, the
warrant of the commissioner issued to the
j marshal should be authority in a certain case
for him to seize the person of a colored man
| alleged to be a fugitive from labor, and to
bring him before the commissioner, and, upon
the decision of the commissioner, to carry him
to the place where it was claimed his service
was due. The President of the United States—
I believe it was in the city of Boston—was
called upon through the marshal for military
assistance to execute such a mandate. The
people of Massachusetts were a little notional
on the subject of seeing men expedited in that
way and for that cause, in which I confess I
! sympathized with them; and thereupon the
| opinion of a Democratic Attorney General, in
! good old solid Democratic times, when there
was a Democratic party, was taken by the
President of the United States upon that very
question. Here is his opinion :
"This authority"— *
That is the authority of the marshal to sum-
mon the entire able bodied force of his pre-
cinct as a posse comitatus—
" This authority comprehends not only bystanders
and other citizens generally, but any and all organ-
ized armed forces, whether militia of the State, or
officers, soldiers, sailors, and marines of the United
States : and if the object of resistance to the marshal
be to obstruct and defeat the execution of the pro-
visions of the Constitution or of acts of Congress, the
expenses of such potue comitatus ate properly charge-
able to the United States."
That opinion will be found in the sixth vol-
ume of the opinions of the Attorneys-General.
I do not suppose that there was at that time,
even on the part of Republican or Whig law-
yers, whatever they may have been called,
any doubt as to the legal soundness of that
proposition, and that the Army of the United
f States could not fold up its arms and stand
;! silently by when the marshal was calling
j on them to assist him in the execution of
process emanating from a court, and say:
" We think the court has made a mistake,
and we will not assist you; we must be the
judges;" because that would give to the
people who compose the Army a higher
right than the citizen himself has. Then, as
I say, I do not think anybody questions the
legal soundness of the proposition that the
Army might be employed as a posse comita-
tus in the execution of such process. Now
whether this judicial process was wise or
unwise, whether it was erroneous or whether
it was correct, the Senator will not claim is n
question that the general must decide. That
would overturn all government. That is all
there is of it.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, if the
Senator from Vermont lays down the propo-
sition as broadly as his language imports, that
a marshal of the United States can, where he
has a process of a Federal court to execute,
call upon the Army of the United States or
any portion of that Army as a posse comitatus
to execute that process, I deny the proposi-
tion. I deny that any law of Congress, at
least any that I have ever seen or heard of,
authorizes any such proposition.
Why, sir, that would break up military
operations. What would have been said if
during the war, when a body of the troops of
the United States were marching through the
State of Ohio, marching to the defense of Cin-
cinnati which was menaced by the confederate
troops, the marshal in the city of Columbus
could have summoned a thousand, or two
thousand, or three thousand of those men to
execute some little process issuing out of the
district court of the United States for the
southern district of Ohio and they were bound
to obey, because where there is power to sum-
mon a man as part of a posse comitatus he is
bound to obey, and is guilty of contempt of
court if he does not obey ? That will not do
at all. This right to summon the Army can
only be exercised where there is a statute that
confers the right. You might interfere with
all the military operations of the Government
if a marshal in his discretion could stop the
march of an army, divert it from its military
operations, and employ it in the execution of
some process; it may be an execution in a
case between A B and C D. Take this very
case, what was it? It was a suit that professed
to be between A B and C D., two private
individuals. It was not a case to which the
State of Louisiana, as a State, was a party.
It could not be a party in any such case. Now
it is said that in any case whatever 
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to interrupt
my friend a moment.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is there not a great
distinction between the case he supposes that
might have occurred in Ohio and the case
which he is considering? Is it not one thing
to say that the marshal of the United States
can, against the commanding general of the
Army or against the President, detach from a
marching column three thousand troops and
take them to enforce civil process, and another
to hold that the President of the United States
may say to the marshal, "There is a portion
of the Army; if you need them as a posse, use
them?"
Mr. THURMAN. In respect to that, I am
extremely doubtful whether that can be done
without the authority of an act of Congress.
But I will not go into that, because I do not
understand such to be the facts here. I under-
stand that these troops were used without any
direction from the General of the Army, or
without any direction whatsoever from the
President of the United States; but that, under
a midnight order of the judge of the district
court, forsooth, for the district of Louisiana,
the State-house for the time being was taken
possession of by troops of the United States,
and nobody allowed to enter that State-
house, however perfect his title might be, there
to be and there to act officially, except by leave
of the troops that held it in possession. If
there is any statute of Congress that author-
izes such a thing as that I confess my ignorance.
I never saw any such thing.
But, sir, it was not my purpose to be drawn
into a general discussion of Louisiana matters.
All I am anxious is that they shall be decided
correctly, and one of the most painful facts
