1600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
without enthusiasts? This adventurer, this en-
thusiast, is a gentleman of the highest learning,
intelligence, and culture; a gentleman of integ-
rity, and thoroughly versed in all the business
details of this gigantic work; against whom,
in all his intercourse with members of this and
of previous Congresses, for the last six or
seven years, not one word of reproach has been
breathed, and who during that intercourse
has done more by his publications, which the
learned and skillful miner, the honorable
gentleman from New York [Mr. Merriam]
affects to despise; by his intelligent discourse
and conversation; by his arguments before
committees of both House and Senate, and by
his enthusiasm, to illustrate the great mining
resources of the Pacific West than has been
done by all her representatives together in
both branches of Congress, from the admission
of Oregon and California as States of the
Union down to the present time!
I know I shall be pardoned if I refer to my-
self in the course which this debate has taken
through remarks of gentlemen who oppose
this bill. In the last canvass in that State I
advocated this, with other local measures,
everywhere before the people. I advocated
itopenly and. frankly as a candidate for reelec-
tion to the place I now hold. And with what
result? I was the only candidate upon our
State Democratic ticket, who was not defeated.
While the Grant electoral ticket swept the
State by over two thousand majority, my own
vote reversed that and gave me nearly one
thousand over my competitor—a gentleman
of distinguished ability, of the highest personal
character and popularity, but who was either
opposed to or uon committal in regard to this
enterprise. And still further: it has been said
that property owners of Virginia City and Gold
Hill, towns adjacent to this Sutro tunnel, will
be ruined.
Now, people in this country are supposed
to understand their own interests, and to be
capable of guarding them at least against
damage from their own voluntary acts. The
people of both these towns are strongly Re-
publican in party politics. I advocated this
measure in the popular assemblages. On the
eve of the election, before an audience of near
two thousand people at Virginia, I used this
and similar
" Starting near the Carson river, four miles away,
an adit level is penetrating the depths of the greatest
and richest silver mine on the globe. Deep down
under the place where you now sit, nearly suffocated
with foul air, are hundreds ot miners at work who
understand better than I can explain, the advan-
tages to our mining interests of this gigantic enter-
prise. I care not, I have not stopped to consider,
whether this work is under the auspices of Sutro,
or Brown, or Smith, or any one else. X have advo-
cated the encouragement of this enterprise, too, in
accordance with the instructions and request of
your own Legislature."
Yet here I received a majority over my op-
ponent. Now, sir, I surely will be under
stood as mentioning these matters not from
any feeling of personal vanity, but only as
answering the objection about the depreciation
and ruin of the property to which reference
has been made.
This work is in the interest of labor and
the laboring men of my State, and indeed of
every mining State and Territory. I claim,
too, that the constitutional authority for the
passage of this bill is clear and unquestion-
able. It rests upon principles of interpreta-
tion which were settled soon after the Consti-
tution went into operation, and which have
ever since been steadily recognized by the
legislative, executive, and judicial depart-
ments of the Government. I shall content
myself with a mere statement of the constitu-
tional grounds of the proposed legislation.
One effect of this measure will be to increase
within our own country the production of gold
and silver. Another effect will be to determ-
ine, develop, and increase the value of the
gold and silver mines which are the public
property of the United States.
The clause of the Constitution which confers
upon Congress "power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the
debts and provide for the common defense
and general welfare of the United States,"
gives authority to raise and appropriate money
for any object which will, in the judgment of
Congress, promote the general welfare of the
nation, and to adopt such measures as will, in
the judgment of Congress, tend to diminish
the burden of the public debt by increasing
the volume of the coin or circulating medium
of the country, thereby improving the value
and facilitating the negotiations of the public
securities, reducing their rate of interest, and
increasing the tax-paying capacity of the
people.
'Ihe power " to regulate commerce" includes
the power to adopt such measures as will in
the judgment of Congress tend, by augment-
ing the volume of the coin, to secure a sound,
healthy, and adequate medium of exchange
for the United States.
The power " to coin money, regulate the
value thereof, and of foreign coin," carries
the entire control of the currency of the coun-
try, and includes authority to adopt such meas-
ures as will, in the judgment of Congress, tend
to improve its character and enlarge its volume.
The power to " raise and support armies "
and " provide and maintain a navy " involves
the power to enact such laws as will, in the
judgment of Congress, tend to facilitate and
expedite the organization of military and naval
forces, and lighten the burdens which their
maintenance will entail upon the people.
The power "to borrow money on the credit
of the United States" includes in its scope
complete authority for such legislation as will,
in the judgment of Congress, give strength
and stability to the currency, so as to enable
the Government to borrow the largest amounts
with the least delay, on the best terms, and at
the lowest rates of interest.
That clause of the Constitution which con-
fers upon Congress the power "to make all
laws which shall be necessary and proper for
carrying into execution the foregoing powers,
and all other powers vested by this Constitu-
tion in the Government of the United States,
or in any department or officer thereof," au-
thorizes Congress to exercise its best judgment
in the selection of means to carry into execu-
tion the constitutional powers of the national
Government.
The increase in the national production of
the precious metals bears strict relation to the
power of collecting taxes; to the power of
regulating commerce between the States ; to
the power of coining money and regulating its
value; to the power of raising and maintain-
ing armies and navies, and to the power of
borrowing money. It bears strict relation to
the general regulation of the currency, to the
administration of the fiscal affairs of the Gov-
ernment, to the management of the national
debt, and to the condition of the national credit.
So close and vitally important was this rela-
tion during the late rebellion that but for the
immense increase in the production of the
precious metals within the United States the
success of the national Government must have
been doubtful, if not absolutely impossible.
The power to pass this bill for the purpose
ot augmenting the production of gold and
silver, and thereby securing advantages relat-
ing to the collection of taxes, to the national
coinage and currency, to the national credit,
to the regulation of commerce, to the raising
and support of armies and navies, to the na-
tional debt, to the support of the civil depart-
ments of the Government, and to its fiscal
operations, rests upon the same constitutional
ground as the power to provide for a bridge, &
light-house, a pier, a revenue-cutter, a mili-
tary or national academy, a national bond, a
greenback, a nautical almanac, a storm-signal
service, a reconnaissance, an exploration, or a
coast survey. If the pending measure is un-
constitutional, then are eaeh and all of these,
and numberless other means adopted by the
Government for the performance of the duties
imposed by the fundamental law, also uncon-
stitutional.
The Government of the United States ex-
pends millions of dollars in surveys ajjd
explorations; in sending expeditions into
northern and southern seas to make observa-
tions and collections in. aid of science and
physical geography; in surveying routes for
an inter-oceanic canal; in the search for coal
fields in South America, that fuel may be more
conveniently supplied to our national ships.
And not this alone: millions upon millions
of acres of the public land, and vast sums of
money have been given by the Government in
aid of lines of railway, because, it was argued,
they connected remote sections of the country,
and tended to the. public welfare and to the
national defense.
The regulation of commerce authorized by
the Constitution is not restricted to the details
of buying and selling, whieh fall more aptly
within the provisions of the local jurisdictions,
but looks to those general political arrange-
ments concerning trade on which its aggregate
interests depend. And such mainly are the
regulations to be found in the provisions of
our national legislation, the purpose of which
is to give encouragement to the enterprise of
our merchants, and to advance our commerce
and manufactures. And, upon the same prin-
ciple, the power to make all needful regula-
tions respecting the territory or other property
of the United States includes the power to
adopt such measures as will, in the opinion of
Congress, tend to improve the condition and
value of that property. The gold and silver
mines in the public domain constitute au in-
valuable portion of the property belonging to
the United States. Whatever measures may
be needful to determine, develop, and increase
the value of these mines are authorized by the
Constitution. That such will be the tendency
of the pending measure, no man acquainted
with the facts can deny or doubt.
But the obstacles in the way of the future
working of these mines, as now conducted,
are most serious. They are situated in the
side of an abrupt mountain, and are worked
by perpendicular shafts, of which there are.
independent of each other, over thirty. These
have reached a depth of from five hundred to
fifteen hundred feet, and on each of them pow-
erful engines are placed which propel pumps,
and hoist the ore and dibris. The cost of
fuel at Virginia and Gold Hill, where these
shafts and engines are worked, is twelve dol-
lars per cord in gold; and the consumption
of fuel is so great that this item of expendi-
ture absorbs a large part of the yield, and
increases in proportion to the depth attained.
Moreover, as this depth increases, the diffi-
culty of keeping the shafts and galleries sup-
plied with fresh air also increases. This,
aud the increase of heat also, which amounts
to one degree, Fahrenheit, for every sixty feet
in depth, prevent the miner from performing
the same amount of work as he would if em-
ployed in a healthy atmosphere and in a moder-
ate temperature. To say nothing of the fearful
sacrifice of health from these causes, the
pecuniary loss is very great, considering that
three thousand men are employed at an aver-
age pay of $3 50, in gold,per day of eight work-
ing hours. This loss may be safely estimated
at twenty five per cent. But a consideration,
of a far graver character is the evil effect which
the poisonous air of deep and ill-ventilated
mines has upon the health of the miners.
Amad6e Burat, an eminent French writer upon
the economy and the working of mines, says:
" The circulation of fresh air is one of the most
important in mining. This importance may be
readily understood when we find that four nuns ot
ail workmen who perish in mines are victims ot
foul air."
