636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Yes, as part of the £>osse
As part of the posse
Mr. EDMUNDS.
comitatus.
Mr. '1HURMAN
comitatus.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not that he has the
power essentially because he is marshal, but
because the statutes of the United States con-
fer upon him the authority in many instances,
as in this very instance, to summon the posse
comitatus, and in the general way the Senator
has read to have any power that the sheriffs
have in the States, and their power, I suppose,
iny friend will hardly question includes that
of summoning the posse comitatus.
Mr. THUliMAN. Where does he derive
his power? He has read nothing but the pro-
vision in the fugitive slave act which authorized
the marshal to summon the posse comitatus,
but which says nothing whatever in regard to
any power to summon a soldier of the United
States as a part of the posse comitatus. J
Now, I say to hiin that it will take some j
higher authority than the opinion of an At-
torney General of the United States to make j
me subscribe to that doctrine. Why, what is ,
it? If the marshal in the southern district of
New York, for instance, has the right to sum-
mon the troops of the United States as a part
of his posse comitatus, and they are bound in
the language of Mansfield to obey that sum-
mons, he may take every soldier out of every
fort there is in New York and use them ras a
part of the posse comitatus at his election, and 1
they are bound to obey, and the same way in j
in any other State you may mention. Youmay
absolutely compel the vacation of Fort La Fay- ,
ette, of Fort Hamilton, of Fort Schuyler, of j
every fort in the southern district of the State
of New York upon the mere command of a
United States marshal. No, sir, Idonotagree
to that proposition at all.
As I said, the only general provision that I
know of is that which I have read, passed in
1861. Before that there were special pro-
visions, like the special provision in the fugi-
tive slave law; but this is the first general
provision that I recollect giving such extended
power to the marshal. What power does this
give? No more power than a sheriff pos-
sesses ; and who pretends that a sheriff of a
State has a right to summon a part of the
Army of the United States as a posse to exe-
cute process? It cannot be done; and as a
sheriff has not that power, so the marshal has
not that power.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to interrupt him a moment to ask a ques-
tion ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I know that with his
strength it is always a pleasure to him to lift
all the loads he can at one time, and I want to
put one for him to labor under in this connec-
tion. The Constitution of the United States
says that the President shall take care that the
laws be faithfully executed. He is made com-
mander of the Army and the Navy, which is
rather suggestive in that connection. Now,
does the Senator from Ohio maintain that,
apart from any statute on the subject, the Pres-
ident of the United States must be at the same
moment in every district where the laws must
be executed? Suppose, for instance, that in
the district of Wisconsin opposition is made to
the judgment of a court; in the State of Maine
opposition is made to the judgment of a dis-
trict court, and in Tennessee and in Florida at
precisely the same time, cannot the President
put a portion of the Army or Navy in either
of those localities at the command of the civil
authorities and allow them to enforce the laws ?
The Senator will remember that in the great
discussion which took place in Parliament fol-
lowing the riots in London, during which
Chief Justice Mansfield's house was burned,
the best lawyers in Parliament maintained the
authority of the king and of the civil author-
ities in London to call upon the troops as a
part of the posse comitatus. It was objected
to, and the criticism that was started, as I
recollect—I have not read it since the dis-
cussion which we had over this matter of mar-
tial law in 1861 and 1862—but as I recollect it
it originated in the form of censure on the
authorities for having called on the troops,
and the discussion developed the opinion of
the best lawyers in Parliament to be that the
posse comitatus included the military organ-
izations in London, and that they were as
properly used as any other portion of the citi-
zens. That was Mansfield's opinion ; it was
the opinion of Lord Grey, if I recollect, and a
great many other lawyers who participated in
that discussion. _ i
Now, what I want to ask is this: does the
Senator maintain that the President must go
in person to use the Army and enforce these
decrees? Not at all; that cannot be neces-
sary, because in the very nature of things he
never could do it. If he says, for instance,
in the State of Louisiana that he apprehends
the laws are not being faithfully executed,
that he apprehends that the decree of a court
will be resisted, and if he says to the marshal
of that district, " There is a company of in-
fantry ; if you have occasion for a posse comi- j
tatus use them," may he not do that apart
from any provision of a statute? A statute is
not necessary to clothe the President with this ;
power. A statute cannot take it from him, j
because the Constitution gives it to him. When
the Constitution says the President is to take
care that the laws be faithfully executed and
he is made commander of the Army and the
Navy, is it not intended by the Constitution
that in a case where a necessity requires it he
is to avail himself of the Army and Navy to
execute the laws ? And here in this case, where
the law has passed through the judicial crucible,
received an authoritative construction and
come forth in the form of a decree, may he
not say to the marshal of the district apart
from any statute whatever, " If you have occa-
sion to use a posse, there is a company of
infantry at your disposal ? "
Mr. THURMAN. That is the longest
question I ever was called on to answer.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CARPENTER. My only excuse for
it is that the Senator from Ohio is the strong-
est man that ever answered a question. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. THURMAN. That is very polite, in-
deed ; and I am not objecting to my friend's
putting his speech in the middle of my broken
remarks, and I am perfectly willing to answer
him, although I prefer to go on with these
statutes, as I have them before me, to show
that not one of them justifies the interpreta-
tion that is claimed.
But the Senator from Wisconsin says that it
does not need any statute, that the Constitu-
tion is sufficient, that the President under the
authority and duty which rests upon him to
see that the laws are faithfully executed may
put the Army in the way of some marshal of
the United States who has process to execute,
and that the marshal may thereupon summon
the Army, and that that is what is meant by
the Constitution in providing that the Presi-
dent shall see that the laws are faithfully exe-
cuted. That is to say, whenever a court of
the United States renders a decree, no matter
what it is, whether it is a decree for the recov-
ery of land, whether it is a decree for the spe-
cific execution of a contract for the sale of
stocks, or the like, no matter what it is, a mere
private controversy between individuals, or
whether it is a contest in relation to a State
office, the lowest that there may be in the
State, wherever there is a decree of a Federal
court the President may put the Army of the
United States into that locality for the express
purpose of being called upon and subjected
to the orders of the marshal of the district
who has the process to execute. I deny the
proposition out and out. I say it is not the
law.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to read him a section from the act of 1807?
"In sill cafes of insurrection or obstruction to thf
laws, either of the United States or of any individ-
ual State or Territory, where it is iawlul for tlio
President of the United States to call forth the militia
for the purpose of suppressing such insurrection or
of causing tho laws to be duly executed, it shall he
lawful for him to employ tor the same purpose such
part of the land or naval forces ol the United States
as shall bo judged necessary, having first observed
all the prerequisites of the law in that respect."
That covers it exactly.
Mr. THURMAN. I cannot answer two or
three questions at the same time. My friend
from Wisconsin says no statute is necessary,
and then my friend from Indiana wants me to
pay attention to a statute. I can only do one
thing at a time, and that very imperfectly, in
this debate which has sprung up without any
expectation on my part or any preparation for
it, which perhaps would be the very best reason
why 1 should have said nothing at all upon it.
But I do deny the proposition of my friend
from Wisconsin, that under the constitutional
obligation of the President to see that the
laws are duly executed, he can, at his mere
will and volition, employ the Army and Navy
of the United States as a part of the posse
comitatus by simply putting them within the
reach of the marshal of the United States, a
civil officer. I say that such a construction
as that might be utterly destructive of liberty,
and utterly destructive of the true execution
of the laws and of the Constitution, and our
forefathers never intended any such thing
as that. If so, why were all these statutes
passed? There are a great many things that
the President by the Constitution might seem
to have authority to do that yet he cannot
do without an act of Congress. He is made
the Commander-in Chief of the Army and the
Navy. Have we no power over the Army and
the Navy?
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly, and over
him in that capacity.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir, he is com-
mander of the Army and Navy, but he cannot
send the Army against our will to any place
, where we say he shall not send it. He can
send it where we say he shall send it, and
the same thing of the Navy. His power to see
that the laws are executed is a power to see that
they are executed pursuant to the law and
with the means which the law gives him.
It is a power to execute them as the law says
he shall execute them, not a power to execute
them without any provision of law to enable
him to execute them.
Mr. CARPENTER. Ifthat were the theory
of the thing the proper way to have conferred
that power in the Constitution was to have
authorized Congress to authorize the Presi-
dent to execute the laws. It is not a power
of Congress. The power is conferred by the
Constitution on the President to take care
that the laws be faithfully executed. I do not
mean to maintain that the President can go
out on a general mission of construing statutes
and calling out the military ; but I say after a
case in court has passed into judgment it
ceases to be a case between citizens; the
United States have called their citizens to the
bar, have determined what shall be done
between them ; forinstance, that the defendant
shall render up possession of forty acres of
land; the process of the court issues to com-
pel that surrender ; it meets with resistance;
the process is in the name of the United States ;
all process goes in the name of the President
of the United States, and when the question
comes, shall that decree of the court be obeyed
or not, the issue is not between A B and C D,
but it is between the United States and all
comers. And that is precisely the case where
the Constitution says—and it needs no act of
Congress to make it any stronger, and no act of
Congress can take the power away—that, the
President shall take care that the laws be faith-
fully executed.
Mr. THURMAN. He shall take care that
