302
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
company. Said right of way hereby granted
to said company is to be the extent of one
hundred feet in width on each side of the cen-
tral line of said road, where it may pass over
the public lands. There is also hereby grant-
ed to said company all necessary ground, not
to exceed twenty acres for each ten miles in
length of the main line of said railroad, for
station buildings, work-shops, depots, ma-
chine-shops, switches, side-tracks, turn-tables,
and water stations. And whenever it may be
necessary to use material from the public lands
for the construction of said road, it may be
done; but no private property shall be taken
for the use of said company, except in the
manner now provided by section three of an
act entitled "An act to amend an act entitled
'An act to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for -postal,
military, and other purposes,' approved July
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-two," ap-
proved July second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven.
Sec. 2. That said company shall be author-
ized and empowered to mortgage, in the usual
manner, their franchise, road-bed, and ail
property belonging to said company, to an
amount not to exceed fifteen thousand dollars
per mile for the entire length of said road,
upon such terms as may seem to them best;
and upon said mortgage may issue mortgage
bonds, not to exceed the same amount per
mile; but in no case shall the United States
be liable in any way whatever for anything
done by said company.
Sec. 3. That the rights herein granted shall
not preclude the construction of other roads
through any canyon, defile, or pass on the
route of said road.
Sec. 4. That the said railroad company shall
locate the route of said railroad and file a
map of such location within one year in the
office of the Secretary of the Interior, and
shall complete its railroad within ten years
after the passage of this act; and nothing
herein contained shall be construed as recog-
nizing or denying the authority of the Legis-
lature of Utah Territory to create railroad
corporations.
Sec. 5. The Congress reserves to itself the
right to alter, amend, or repeal this act when-
ever in its judgment the interests of the peo-
ple may require it.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXCII.—An Act supplemental to an
Act entitled "An Act granting the Right of
Way through the Public Lands for the con-
struction of a Railroad from Great Salt
Lake to Portland, Oregon," approved April
twelfth, eighteen hundred and seventy-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Portland, Dalle3
and Sait Lake Railroad Company shall have
the right to take from the public lands of the
United States, timber, stone, and other ma-
terial, necessary for the construction of its
road.
Sec. 2. That this act shall at all times be
subject to amendment or repeal by Congress.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXCIII.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act granting the Right of Way
to the Walla-Walla and Columbia River
Railroad Company, and for other purposes,"
approved March third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souse of Hep
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all after and includ-
ing the word 1' provided," in the tenth line of
section three of an act entitled "An act grant-
ing the right of way to the Walla-Walla and
Columbia River Railroad Company, and for
other purposes," approved March third, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-nine, be, and the same
is hereby, modified as follows:
Sec. 2. That the right is hereby granted to
the said Walla-Walla and Columbia River
Railroad Company to take from the public
lands, earth, stone, timber, and other mate-
rials, for the construction of the Walla-Walla
and Columbia river railroad for two years
from the passage of this act.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXCIV.—An Act to enable the Sec-
retary of War to pay the expenses incurred
in suppressing the Indian Hostilities in the
Territory of Montana, in the year eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be the duty
of the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
to examine and determine the amounts justly
due upon the claims for expenses necessarily
incurred in suppressing Indian hostilities in
the Territory of Montana, in the year eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, which have been ex-
amined and reported upon by Inspector Gen-
eral James A. Hardie; but in no case shall
the sum allowed thereon be in excess of the
award reported by said General Hardie ; and
in such investigation the testimony taken by
General Hardie in relation thereto shall be
received in evidence, but the same shall not be
regarded as conclusive unless said officers are
satified therewith. And the sums so found to
be due shall be paid to the persons severally
entitled thereto by a disbursing officer under
the direction of the Secretary of War: Pro-
vided, That the acceptance of such payment
shall be in full of all claims on account of
said expenses : And provided further, That
no claim under the provisions ot'\liis act, shall
be audited and paid unless presented within
one year from the passage of this act.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXCV.—An Act to provide for the
erection of a Public Building for Post Office
and other U. S. offices at Jersey City, New
Jersey.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be and he is hereby authorized and
directed to purchase a site suitable for post-
office and other United States offices in Jersey
City, New Jersey, such as will be sufficient for
the accommodation of the post-offices at Hud-
son City, Bergen City and Greenville when con-
solidated in Jersey City and for this purpose
one hundred thousand dollars, or so much
thereof as may be necessary is hereby appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated. Provided, That the
Secretary of the Treasury shall cause proper
plans and estimates to be made for the erec-
tion of such a building on the site aforesaid as
he may judge necessary, so that no expendi-
ture shall be made for the full completion of
said building, including the cost of site, ex-
ceeding three hundred thousand dollars, and
no money hereby appropriated shall be used
or applied until a valid title to the land for the
site as aforesaid shall be vested in the United
States, and until the State of New Jersey
shall cede its jurisdiction over the same and
shall also release and relinquish to the United
States the right to tax or in any way assess
said site or the property of the United States
that may be thereon during the time that the
United States shall be or remain the owner
thereof.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXCVL—An Act to provide for the
purchase, by the Secretary of War, of Lands
for the United States in the S.tate of Texas,
for the sites of Forts and Military Posts.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be authorized to purchase, at a fair price, to
be a scertained by a board of three officers to
be appointed by him, whose report shall be
subject to the approval or rejection of the
President and the confirmation thereof by
Congress, such lands in the State of Texas as
may be necessary for the use of the United
States for forts and military posts. The report
of the board shall be made through the com-
manders of the department and military divis-
ion, and subject to their approval or disap-
proval : Provided, That the contract for any
one of the said tracts of land shall not be com-
pleted, nor any of the purchase money paid,
until the Attorney General of the United
States shall have given his written opinion in
favor of the validity of the title of said land:
And further provided, That the Legislature of
Texas will, at its next session, pass an act
ceding exclusive jurisdiction over the said site
or sites to the United States, and forever
exempting the property from taxation.
Sec. 2. That nothing in this act shall be
construed to authorize the Secretary of War
to bind the Government of the United States
to comply with any contract for any of said
lands, or to be held by the arbitration or adju-
dication of any of the courts of the State of
Texas as to the price thereof and the terms of
purchase until the aforesaid board shall, have
recommended the same and the President
shall have approved of said purchase and
Congress shall have confirmed the same: Pro-
vided, That all authority exercised under this
act shall cease at the expiration of three years
from passage hereof.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCXCVII.—An Act authorizing the
Award to the Vincennes University of cer-
tain vacant and abandoned Lands in Knox
County, Indiana.
Whereas, it is alleged that there are certain
parcels of abandoned land in Knox county,
Indiana, which are covered by old Vincennes
donation claims, which have become aban-
doned and to which there is no subsisting con-
firmation or settlement by individuals as own-
ers under confirmation : Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United' States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall and may be
lawtul for the Vincennes University, a corpor-
ation existing under the laws of the State of
Indiana, to file in the United States district
conrt for the district of Indiana a petition
descriptive of such abandoned and unclaimed
donations in Knox county of that State, ac-
companied by such testimony as may be relied
upon iu support of the said alleged abandon-
ment, with evidence that such list has been
published for a period of at least three months
in Knox county and calling on all parties to
show cause, if such exist, why such tracts or
parcels of laud should not be declared vacant;
and thereafter in such cases as the said court
shall find the tracts to be abandoned and not
claimed by any individuals under any confirm-
ation, or otherwise, it shall have power to ren-
der a decree accordingly, and upon such de-
cree being deposited in the General Land O Sice,
with a patent certificate from the legisterof
the Land Office at Indianapolis, Indiana, a
