1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
639
act?" Those questions must both be answered
in the affirmative before the President is au-
thorized to call forth the militia, or to use the
Army or the Navy.
What next follows? Then comes section
three:
" Whenever it may be necessary in the judgment
of the President to use the military foroes hereby
directed to be called forth"—
Mark it: "hereby directed to be called
forth that is, directed by either the first or
second section of this act.
Mr. MORTON. No. no.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir, that is the third
section: "Wheneverit may be necessary'' 
Mr. MORTON. It does not apply to the
second section at all.
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir, it does apply
to the second section. The Senator is greatly
mistaken—
" Whenever it may be necessary in the judgment
of the President to use the military force hereby
directed to be called forth, the President shall forth-
with, by proclamation, command such insurgents to
disperse and retire peaceably to their respective
abodes within a limited time."
I say that does apply to both the preceding
sections. What has been the practice of the
Government? What is the interpretation
placed on that act ? The first occasion for the
exercise of the powers vested here in the
President arose in your own State, sir, [Mr.
Scott in the chair,] arose in the western part
of Pennsylvania, on account of the resistance
to the excise laws, what was called the whisky
insurrection. What did the President do in
that case? That was an opposition not to the
government of the State, but was distinctly an
opposition to the execution of the laws of the
United States, to an act of Congress imposing
excises upon stills for the manufacture of
spirituous liquors. What did the President do ?
He issued his proclamation reciting this very
act, and in pursuance of the provisions and
requirements of this vei-y act required those
insurgents to disperse within & limited time
before he ever ventured to call one single
militiaman to put down that insurrection.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question on that point?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I ask him if " insurgents"
are not those engaged in insurrection, and if
a man who simply resists a marshal in the
execution of process is in legal language ever
called an " insurgent?"
Mr. THURMAN. Ah, that will not do, to
talk about a single individual. What does
this second section say? It says:
" Whenever the laws of the United States shall be
opposed or the execution thereof obstructed"—
not by one individual—
"in any State by combinations too powerful to be
suppressed by the ordinary course of judicial pro-
ceeding or by the powers vested in the marshals by
this act," 4c.
By a combination that the ordinary course
of judicial proceedings and all the powers
vested in the marshals of the United States
cannot suppress. Is not such a combination
as that a combination of insurgents? Was it
not decided in regard to these very whisky
men that they were guilty of treason? Was
not one of them convicted of treason by way
of making a test case, and though he was not
executed did not that conviction take place
in order to vindicate the supremacy of the
national Government? They were not only
insurgents but traitors, according to the sol-
emn decision of the United States. There-
fore it will not do to speak of one single indi-
vidual. No sir, it must be a combination of
individuals, and a combination so powerful
that the ordinary course of judicial proceed-
ings and the power vested in the civil officer,
the marshal of the United States, cannot sup-
press it. And then in reference to those com-
binations, as well as in reference to the case
of an insurrection against the States, the act
expressly declares that the President of the
United States must first issue his proclama-
tion before he calls forth the militia. Now,
what does the fourth section do? The fourth
section does nothing more than to authorize
him to use the Army as well as to call forth
the militia, but the cases in which he may use
the one or the other are identically the same.
That is all there is of that.
Now, Mr. President, I have said all that I
desire to say, and a great deal more than I
expected to say, for I aid not expect any such
debate to arise or any such question to come
up in the Senate to-day. I repeat, in answer
to my friend from Wisconsin, all I have to say
is that by your own act, the enforcement act
of 1871, if you say it is constitutional, but
which with great respect for you I do not believe
is constitutional at all, you vested certain juris-
diction in the Federal courts and you expressly
exempted from that jurisdiction the case of
members of a State Legislature; and yet this
judge in New Orleans by his decree and his
action there has inaugurated a Legislature in
that State, without official returns of their
election, confessedly without votes cast which
elected them, and that government is said to
be the government of one of the States of
this Union. In other words, one man there,
whose court you can abolish to-morrow if you
see fit to do it, has undertaken to set up by
his own sovereign will and power just such a
government as he sees fit to inaugurate in that
State.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, this
debate well illustrates the utter impossibility
of accurate discussion based on a state of
facts which are altogether unknown. [Laugh-
ter.] The Senator from Ohio is continually
asserting—not that he knows anything about
it, and I understand him to say that he does
not, but rather by implication—that certain
things have been done. I do not understand
that those things have been doue, and until
we can arrive at some sort of a common
understanding abont what the facts are it will
be impossible to have anything more than just
such a debate as we are now having, and which
I know the Senator from Ohio enjoys as he
does all discussions.
I am not keen enough to know precisely
what is the point in dispute between that Sen-
ator and myself in regard to these two pro-
visions of the Constitution, but I know there
is a serious difficulty between us from the zeal
and warmth with which he encountered what
I said on the subject. Without attempting to
answer his argument on that point, which I
certainly did not understand, and do not now,
I will simply content myself with restating the
provisions of the Constitution to which I
referred. I understood him to be referring to
the provision of the Constitution which guar-
anties a State against domestic violence, and
to say that the provision was that Congress
might legislate to call out the militia for such
purpose ; and that I stated to be a mistake.
Mr. THURMAN. I was not referring to
that provision at all.
Mr. CARPENTER. Well, I understood
that. At all events that provision of the Con-
stitution is in these words:
"TheUnited States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion, and, on
application of the Legislature, or of the Executive,
(when the Legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violence."
It is not there referred either to Congress or
the President, nor are the means indicated by
which it is to be done. It is simply laid as a
general duty upon the United States to protect
a State, when its interference is called for,
against domestic violence. Whether it is to
do it by the Army or by the militia or by what
other means is not at all referred to. Con-
gress of course has power to legislate on this
subject, because the Constitution laying this
general duty upon the Government, the last
clause of the legislative article empowering
Congress to pass all laws needful and proper
to carry into execution all the powers conferred
upon the General Government, the case is
complete.
But the section to which the Senator did
refer, I submit to him, does not refer to that
case at all. Here, in the first place, in the
legislative article, Congress has power to raise
armies and provide a Navy, &c. Then comes
an additional provision:
" To provide for calling forth the militia to execute
the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions."
Insurrections against whom, and invasions
of what? The United States ; to suppress an
insurrection in the District of Columbia, to
suppress an insurrection in unorganized ter-
ritory beyond the Mississippi, anywhere sub-
ject to our jurisdiction. When it has swollen
to such dimensions that the Army and all the
means in the power of the President are un-
equal to meet it, Congress may provide for
calling forth the militia. That has no refer-
ence whatever to the domestic violence against
a State, which is provided for in a different
place and under different circumstances.
I do not know that there is anything in this
statement that the Senator controverted, and
I did not understand at the time how his view
of the subject differed from mine, but I saw
they were very different from the warmth
with which he encountered what I said.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, one thing
may be extracted from this debate not only
instructive but consoling, and that is the very
latest Democratic gospel of the respect due
to the judgments of courts. In ancient times
the Democratic party was lamentably want-
ing in reverence for judicial supremacy. Mr.
Jefferson remarked that the Book of Judges
came before the Book of Kings, and he in-
dulged himself in some other observations
tending to show that his veneration for the
courts was not as great as that of his party
became in after times. But in later times
was a period when it was Democratic stoutly
and stiffly to deny that the Supreme Court
could bind the coordinate branches of the
Government. We had a series of years when
in primary meetings, in State conventions,
and always in the grand national Plaza de
Toro, the Democratic national convention, it
was a part of the regular proceedings to assert
that nobody owed any particular respect or
obedience to the decisions of the Supreme
Court except the parties to the judgment,
their privies, subordinate judicial tribunals,
and officers of the court charged with the duty
of executing process and decrees. This was
all the homage the court could extort from
the Democracy down to the time when its
judgments began to lean harder than ever
toward slavery.
Before 1860 the executive and legislative
departments might lawfully think their own
thoughts and govern their own acts and votes
on constitutional questions, court or no court.
The Republican party, when it arose, held in
substance the same idea, and acted on it.
When the Supreme Court decided that it had
no jurisdiction of a case, decided that Dred
Scott was not a citizen, and had no right or
standing in court, and then proceeded to ex-
pound partisan notions to the American peo-
ple, Republicans did say that the discourse of
the judge was the slopping over of a judicial
functionary, mere dictum, binding nobody ; and
now the Senator from Ohio complains that an
Indian justice overtook those who obtruded
from the bench gratuitously sentiments shock-
ing to the public conscience and the public-
sense.
The war of rebellion at last came on, and
people holding the opinions of which the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio is a distinguished
exponent never ceased to belabor us gener-
ally for not subordinating military to civil
