1604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22>
inducement to disagreement between the two
bodies; and a disagreement rejects the vote.
We should not wait for such an occasion.
From what happened here a few days ago, as
well as in 1868,1 should dread to see the day.
We must provide for some tribunal for the
settlement of contested electoral votes before
they reach the joint convention for opening
and counting. The district courts would be
very proper tribunals for such adjustment.
I have thus hurriedly and briefly pointed out
what in my mind are the great defects in our
Constitution, and the legislation necessary for
their removal. If these suggestions shall in
any way aid in coming to a wise conclusion, I
shall not regret that I have occupied so much
of the time of this House.
mining interests of territories.
Mr. ARMSTRONG, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to have printed in the Globe
some remarks on the mining interests of the
Territories. [See Appendix.]
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, by unani-
mous consent, obtained leave to print some
remarks on mining industry. [See Appendix.]
Mr. STORM. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at eleven o'clock and fifty
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BURCHARD: A petition for an
amendment to the law granting a pension to
surviving soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of Kenyon,
Potter & Co. and others, druggists of the city
of Syracuse, New York, praying the repeal
of that portion of the act of Congress known
as schedule C of the internal revenue law.
By Mr. HIBBARD: The petition of W.
G. Newbauer and others, praying the removal
of stamp duties under schedule C.
Also, the petition of D. Ranson, Son & Co.
and others, for the same object.
By Mr. PARKER, of Missouri : The peti-
tion of citizens of Harrison county, Mis-
souri, asking a pension for William H. H.
Gillespie.
By Mr. PORTER : The petition of citizens
of Virginia, praying the passage of House bill
No. 1104.
By Mr. ROOSEVELT: A remonstrance
against the prepayment of postage on certain
printed matter.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of H. H.
G. Bradt and 108 others, citizens of Eureka,
Wisconsin, asking the passage of a law to pro-
hibit the sale of intoxicating drinks.
By Mr. WAKEMAN: The petition of drug-
gists and others, of Lockport, New York, pray-
ing the repeal of schedule C, by which man-
ufactures are taxed by stamps.
post route bill
The following was introduced under the rule,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. STOWELL: A bill to establish a
post road from Cabbage Farm, via Taylor's
Store, to St. Tammany, Meckleuburgh county,
Virginia.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 22, 1873.
Prayer by Rev. 0. H. Tiff ant, D. D., of
Washington, District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday's proceedings was dispensed with.
iiousk bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 1704) for the benefit of
Charles Crosby, late a postmaster at Upton-
ville, Hardin county, Kentucky—to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 8324) fixing the time for
the election of Representatives from the State
of California to the Forty-Fourth Congress—
to the Committee on Privileges and Elections.
The bill (H. R. No. 4033) authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at St. Louis, in the State of Missouri—to
the Committee on Commerce.
The bill (H. R. No. 4034) to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to dispose of the old
post office property in Chicago—to the Com-
mittee op Finance.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 200) granting
condemned cannon for a statue of Major Gen-
eral Philip Kearney, United States volunteer
army—to the Committee on Military Affairs.
indians in central superintendence.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 1301) repealing
an act entitled " An act for the relief of cer-
tain Indians in the central superintendency,"
approved June 10, 1872 ; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a reso-
lution of the Legislature of Kansas, setting
forth that it is the sense of that body that
Hon. S. C. Pomerot, a Senator from that
State, should immediately resign his seat in
the United States Senate; which was referred
to the select committee to investigate charges
against Senator Pomerot.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of
Boston insurance companies, remonstrating
against their exclusion from their just par-
ticipation in the damages awarded by the
Geneva tribunal; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Josiah
Hall, praying to be granted a land warrant;
which was refered to the Committee on Public
Lands.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Tennessee, soldiers in the late war, in favor
of the passage of the soldiers' bounty land bill
known as the Holman amendment; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Virginia, asking that the tax
upon spirituous liquors distilled from fruits be
repealed ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present the memorial of
Carr Huntington, publisher of the Delavan
Bee, of Faribault, Minnesota, remonstrating
against the passage of the bill as it passed the
House of Representatives regulating the post-
age on printed matter. I desire to state, Mr.
President, that these papers and the people
throughout the country are laboring under an
entire misapprehension, and are unnecessarily
flooding us with these petitions. No bill has
passed the House of Representatives discrim-
inating against what are known as half printed
or patent newspapers. That feature of the
bill was entirely changed before it left the
House and came to the Senate. I therefore
ask that this memorial lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie on
the table.
Mr. WEST presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of New Orleans, Louis-
iana, in favor of the repeal of the bankrupt
law ; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of
Charles Beuttner praying to be restored to the
pension list; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
centexnial exposition.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, the president
of the centennial commission, has placed in
my hands the report of that commission re-
quired to be made by the sixth section of the
act of Mareh 3,1871, which provides—
" That the commission shall report to Congrrss at
the first session after its appointment a suitable date
for opening and for closing the exhibition; a sched-
ule of appropriate ceremonies for opening or dedi-
cating the same; a plan or plans of "the buildings; a
complete plan lor the reception and classification
of articles intended for exhibition; the requisite
custom-house regulations for the introduction into
this country of the articles from foreign countries
intended for exhibition ; and such other matters as
in their judgment may be important."
This report covers all the heads that are
embraced in that section ; and in presenting it
I take the opportunity to say that I have
information that the private subscriptions to
the fund necessary to erect buildings and make
the necessary preparations tor this exposition
amount in Philadelphia to over $600,000, and
that a meeting is to be held this evening in
that city, the result of which is expected to
raise that subscription to $1,000,000; that the
city has in its corporate capacity appropriated
$575,000, and that measures are now in opera-
tion in other parts of the State to secure sub-
scriptions, the result of which cannot yet be
stated. The railroad companies who have
their offices in that city have proffered to raise
$500,000 additional, and there is now a bill
pending before the Legislature of Pennsylvania
appropriating $1,000,000 for this purpose,
with every prospect of its passage. So that,
from those who have charge of the subject, I
feel authorized to say that the private sub-
scriptions and public appropriations in the
State of Pennsylvania for this purpose will
amount to about $4,000,000. And with this
start they feel assured that the centennial
exposition will be a very great success, and
that they are justified in calling upon the other
parts of the nation to come to their assistance
in proportion to that which has already been
done by Pennsylvania. I ask that this report
be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be laid
on the table and printed.
reports op committees.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 3137) for the relief
of Hugh McCormick, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3134) for the
relief of Rebecca A. Marcher, widow of Robert
Marcher, deceased, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, from the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office,
to whom was referred the bill (S No. 1803)
for the relief of Andrew Dillman, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1232) to repeal
the act of Congress approved Mareh 11, 1872,
authorizing the extension of certain expired
patents, reported adversely thereon; and the
bill was postponed indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1785) for the
relief of Samuel A. Duncan, reported ad-
versely thereon ; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petitions of Henry B. Good-
year, Oliver Evans, S. Wood, and E. B.
Bishop, praying for extensions of patents,
asked to be discharged from their further
consideration: which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Louisa Jenkins,
widow ot Henry Jenkins, reported a bill (S.
No. 1637) for the relief of Louisa Jenkins,
widow of Henry Jenkins, deceased; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I am directed
I by the Committee on Patents to ask the unan-
