640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
jiower. but more particularly for not exalting
mul boivinj In-tore judicial authority. Civil
tribunals, judicial tribunals, and not courts-
niarti.il and military commissions, were the
(rue'ble in which every question was to be
tried. We beard that as to the States of the
South. We heard it throughout the war. We
heard it as to the assassins of Lincoln and as
to Wirz who murdered captive soldiers. States
came into the Supreme Court as plaintiffs by
name to test the existence, form, and attri-
butes of their governments. Then the oppo-
nents of the dominant party united in vehe-
mently insisting upon the duty of giving full
piay to judicial tribunals and full respect to
ail their doings.
Now, what somersault do we see? What do
we hear from the Senator frotn Ohio, from the
party behind him, from all who seek cause of
complaint against the present national author-
ities? The honorable Senator from Ohio con-
temptuously exclaims that orders have been
granted by " a little judge of a court that we may
abolish to-morrow." What court does he thus
sneer at ? The highest court of original juris-
diction known in our organism, the circuit
court of the United States, whoever sat in
it that day and at whate^r hour of the day,
the order was granted. The circuit court of
the United States, I repeat again, the highest
court of original jurisdiction known in our
organism, having unquestionable jurisdiction
of a suit, made an order in that suit, which
stands to this day unreversed.
Now, what is the version of the Democratic
gospel delivered us to day by the honorable
Senator from Ohio? It is this: if a court
commit an error of any other kind, go up and
review it, go up to an appellate tribunal and
set it straight, and respect it in the mean time ;
but if it makes an error upon a jurisdictional
question, or if you think it makes such an
error, then raise hue and cry, then in Con-
gress and everywhere else invoke popular !
indignation, stir up the elements of force in ;
the Government, whatever they may be, and j
rouse press and people to put down the court.
This is very extraordinary. Judge Durell,
•whose judicial life is longer than the official
life of the present Executive of the United
States, appointed as he was by a dead Presi-
dent, sitting in the circuit court makes a de-
cision, erroneous, the Senator says, upon a
jurisdictional point. The case is appealable.
The Supreme Court in refusing a writ prayed
for, the writ of prohibition—my friend [Mr.
Carpextek] who was in the case will correct
me if I am mistaken—said in the front of
their judgment that the case was appealable,
and whenever a decree was made anybody
aggrieved had aright to bring it to the Supreme
Court of the United States.
But the Senator from Ohio says there was a
mistake on a jurisdictional question and he
proposes to rebel on that against the court; he
proposes not only rebellion for himself, but
that even the parties and privies in the suit
shall refuse to abide by it. Who were the j
parties to this bill? Who were the persons
upon whom the decree is to act? Who is the
officer to execute the mandates of the court ?
The officer is the marshal with his subor- 1
dinates, and the parties to the suits and their
privies are the persons whom the Senator refers
to when he talks about upsetting one govern-
ment and erecting another. The argument of
the Senator from Ohio comes to this: the
decree or interlocutory order of a circuit court
of the United Sta'es is not to be respected even ;
by the ministerial officers of that court and not i
to be binding upon the parties and privies to
the suit, because, he says, the judge has made !
a mistake upon a jurisdictional question, not
arising fundamentally, not as if he had taken '
jurisdiction of a case not cognizable in the i
courts of the United States, but upon a juris
dictional question of secondary character,
arising incidentally in the progress of a case
of which confessedly he had rightful jurisdic-
tion.
Mr. President, like everybody else I be-
lieve who has been drawn into this debate, I
did not intend to say a word. I think the
debate is premature, as others seem to think.
But I think if we could dismiss the serious side
of the affair there is a great deal of the ludi-
crous in the mode of viewing Louisiana mat-
ters. A short time ago it was a great crime
to interfere in any of these States. " Why not
let them alone ?" "Why not let them settle
their own matters?" This was the staple in-
struction. And now the very individuals and
presses who have rung the changes upon that
idea for years are laboring under spasms of
meddlesome excitement, brimming over with
a disposition to go down to Louisiana and
straighten this all out and have something
done, anything except to allow an appeal to be
regularly taken and disposed of as other law-
suits are. Poorly instructed as I am, my idea
would have been that if electoral votes came
here which we could not count, not to count
them, but to find out whether we could or not.
If contesting Senators came here I would
proceed under that clause of the Constitution
which enjoins us to judge of the election,
qualifications, and returns of Senators; and
if any other question shall arise which is de-
volved on us, I would give attention to the
solution of that question ; and meantime I
would leave Judge Durell, "little" though
he may be, and the circuit court which he
incarnates, to the chances of an appeal to the
Supreme Court, to be set right if it had erred
and to be vindicated if in truth it shall turn out
that Congress has effectually deposited in that
court power to say that men entitled by funda-
] mental law to vote and have their votes
i counted shall not be excluded and robbed of
the elective franchise.
Mr. President, this is the second time this
debate, apart from the purpose before us, has
been brought on by the Senator from Ohio,
and pursued with not a little warmth. The
Senator holds great away with the public, and
I am not willing to listen quietly to the novel
sentiments he proclaims.
No party that I know of has ever yet ven-
tured upon the doctrine that those affected by
a regular judicial proceeding should defy and
spurn a court, and heap obloquy upon it
because the Senator from Ohio, or I, or any-
body else may think that an error has been
committed, even an error upon a jurisdic-
tional question of the kind alleged here.
Jurisdictional question, or any other ques-
tion, the case is appealable; and it therefore
presents not even the circumstance of great
hardship; but be it appealable or not, no
doctrine which has heretofore been avowed
by any political party, as I understand it, goes
so far as to maintain that the marshal and
the authorities whose business it is to execute
and enforce the mandates of courts, and the
parties and privies to orders and decrees are
not at least to seem to respect and defer to
them.
Mr. MORTON. I hope we shall now have
a vote on this resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. I must be indulged for
a very few minutes longer. I shall not weary
; the patience of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us adjourn.
Mr. THURMAN. I prefer to reply now,
and I shall not occupy more than fifteen
minutes.
This is really a very simple question when
you come to examine it properly. I shall not
; go into any discussion about political parties
j and their respect for courts at all; but when
j the Senator from New York says that I pro-
pose to rebel against the decision of courts,
and to tell the parties and privies to a suit, to
pay no respect to them, he quite misunder-
stood me in one respect, for I said not one
word about the parties or privies to the suit;
! but when the question comes up, what is the
i State government in a State, then I say to
that Senator that neither Congress nor the
' President of the United States is bound in the
slightest degree by thai decision ; and I say
that upon the authority of the highest judicial
tribunal in this country.
It would be a pretty state of things indeed
if either the President or Congress were bound
in his or their determination of what is the
lawful government in a State by any such
decision as that. So far from that the Su-
premeCourt of the United States, in Luther vs.
Borden, expressly held that that was a polit-
ical question, and that the court could not
decide it except simply by finding what was
the decision of the political department of the
Government. So far from the political depart-
ment of the Government being bound by the
decision of the judicial department on the
question of what is the lawful government in
a State, the Supreme Court has said solemnly
that the judicial department is bound by the
action of the political department, and whether
it thinks it right or wrong is bound to obey it.
Therefore, Mr. President, there is no rebel-
ling against the decision of this court at all.
Suppose that we should find that Judge Durell
is wrong, and that the government that he re-
fuses to recognize, and that he enjoius by his
decree, is the lawful government of the State
of Louisiana, are we bound by his decision ?
What lawyer will pretend for a moment that
we are bound by it ? So far from it, the
moment that we speak he is bound to obey
our decision and recognize that government
which we recognize.
But suppose Congress has not spoken, as
was the fact in the case of Ilhode Island, what
then is the status of the case? Then the Pres-
ident has in the first place to act if a case
arises for his action, and he has to decide in
the first place until Congress has spoken.
When he is called upon in the manner pro-
vided by law he must necessarily decide, and
his decision is higher than that of even th e
Supreme Court of the United States itself
until Congress has spoken. How was it in
the case of Rhode Island? In the case of
Rhode Island, President Tyler was called upon
by a certain body calling itself the Legislature
of Rhode Island, and a certain person calling
himself the Governor of Rhode Island, and
that compelled him to decide whether that
Legislature and that Governor were the lawful
Legislature and Governor of Rhode Island, or
whether the Dorr legislature was the proper
Legislature and Dorr the proper Governor.
Congress had not spoken upon the subject.
Here was the President called upon in pur-
suance of this very act of 1795 to call forth the
militia to suppress that rebellion against the
State government. He was compelled to
decide in the first instance which was the
State government. If Congress had decided
the question, the President would have been
bound by that decision; but Congress not
having decided it, the President had to decide
it, and he did decide it, and decided in favor
of the charter government; and when the ques-
tion came before the Supreme Court of the
United States, that decision of President Tyler
was held by that court to be binding upon the
court, and they could not reverse it. They
held that the decision by the political depart-
ment bound the court.
Mr. CARPENTER. Nobody questions
that.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well. Now, what
was the case before President Grant? I iidmit
if there were two governments in Louisiana,
and one or both of them had called upon
President Grant under this act. of 1795, rep-
resenting that there was insurrection in that
State, or domestic violence that could not be
put down by State authority, in the absence
of any decision by Congress as to which one
of the two governments was the lawful govern-
