304
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
42d Cong....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
To the municipal authorities of the city of
Syracuse, New York;
To the Grand Army of the Republic, at
Ansonia, Connecticut;
To the Soldiers' Monument Association at
Fitchburg, Massachusetts;
And to the municipal authorities of the vil-
lage of Sturgis, Michigan, one cannon and
four cannon balls.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCuIV.—An Act to confirm the pur-
chase by the Executive Department, on the
eighth September, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, of a certain Tract of Land at
Omaha, Nebraska.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Ametica in
Congress assembled, That the consent of the
United States is hereby given to the purchase
of a certain tract of land at Omaha, Nebraska,
for which, under order of his commanding
officer, Major William Myers, paid the sum of
eight thousand dollars; and the accounting
officers are directed to credit him in settle-
ment of his accounts with the sum of eight
thousand dollars, upon the filing of satisfac-
tory vouchers showing the payment of that,
sum to have been made by him under such
order.
Approved, March 3,1873.
Chap. CCCV-.—An Act to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Navy to convey to the City of
Chelsea, Massachusetts, certain Land for
the use of a street.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy is hereby authorized to convey to the
city of Chelsea, in the State of Massachusetts,
for the purpose of laying out and maintaining
a street from Chelsea bridge to Chestnut street
in said city, the following described land, to
wit: that the portion of the tract of land be-
longing to the United States, situated in the
city of Chelsea, in the county of Suffolk and
State of Massachusetts, commencing on Broad-
way in said city, at the southwesterly corner
of John H. Osgood's land and running north-
erly by land of said Osgood three hundred and
twenty-six and fifty-one hundredths feet to
land of the United States marine hospital;
thence running westerly on the northerly line
of Chestnut street, extending fifteen and fifty-
one hundredths feet; thence running south-
westerly by land of the United States marine
and naval hospitals seven hundred and thirty-
oue feet to the northerly line of said Broad-
way ; thence easterly by the northerly line of
said Broadway, two hundred and seventy-two
and thirty-three one hundredths feet; thence
northerly by land of owners unknown, one
hundred and thirty and seventy-five one hun-
dredths feet; thence easterly by land of owners
unknown, two hundred and fifty-eight and
seventy five one hundredths feet; thence south-
erly by land of owners unknown one hundred
and thirty and seventy-five one hundredths feet
to the line of said Broadway ; thence easterly
by the line of said Broadway forty-five feet, to
the point of beginning; said portion of land
containing about fifty thousand seven hundred
and nine square feet: Provided, That before
such conveyance shall be made, the Secretary
of the Navy shall appoint a commission, con-
sisting of one line officer not below the rank
of commodore, one surgeon, and one civil
engineer, who shall report what amount, if
anything, should be paid for such land, taking
into account the advantages and the disad-
vantages of the proposed street to the property
of the United States; and the sum so reported
shall be paid, or secured to be paid, to the
United States, and credited to the naval marine
hospital funds.
Approved, March 3, 1873.-
Chap. CCCYI.—An Act to authorize the Pres-
ident to ascertain the value of certain Lands
in the State of Iowa, north of the Raccoon
Fork of the Des Moines River held by Settlers
under the preemption and Homestead Laws
of the United States.
Beitenactedby the Senate andHouseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States shall be, aud he is hereby, au-
thorized to appoint three commissioners, who
shall ascertain the number of acres, and by
appraisement or otherwise the value thereof
exclusive of improvements, of all such lands
lying north of Raccoon Fork of the Des Moines
river, in the State of Iowa, as may now be
held by the Des Moines Navigation aud Rail-
road Company, or persons claiming title under
it adversely to persons holding said lands,
either by entry or under the preemption or
homestead laws of the United States, and on
what terms the adverse holders thereof will
relinquish the same to the United States; aud
that they report the facts at the commence-
ment of the next session of Congress; but
nothing herein contained shall be held to atfect,
in any manner, the question of title to any of
said lands.
Sec. 2. That the compensation of said com-
missioners shall be eight dollars per diem
during the time they shall be engaged in said
service.
Appboved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCVIL—An Act to pi-ovidc for the
establishment of Life-Saving Stations on the
coasts of Maine, New Hampshire, Massa-
chusetts, Virginia, and North Carolina.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized and
directed to provide for the establishment of
ten life-saving stations on the coasts of Maine,
New Hampshire, and Massachusetts, Virginia
aud North Carolina, at such points as he may
deem necessary, for the saving of life and
property on said coasts.
Sec. 2. That the Secretary of the Treasury
be authorized and directed to report to this
House, at the next session of Congress, the
points on the sea and lake coasts of the United
States at which the establishment of life-saving
stations would best subserve the interests of
commerce and humauity, with a detailed esti-
mate of the cost of such stations.
Appboved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCVIII.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act governing the Colored
Schools of the District of Columbia."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That the board of trustees
of schools for colored children in the cities of
Washington and Georgetown, District of Co-
lumbia, sha'll consist of nine trustees, seven
of whom shall be citizens of Washington, and
two shall be citizens of Georgetown, who shall
be appointed by the Governor of the District
of Columbia.
Sec. 2. That the trustees appointed under
the provisions of this act shall be appointed
in the manner following, namely: of the seven
to be appointed irom the city of Washington,
two shall be appointed for the term of three
years, three for the term of two years, and two
for the term of one year from the date of their
appointments, respectively; atid of the two to
be appointed from the city of Georgetown,
one shall be appointed for the term of three
years and one for the term of one year from
the date of their appointments respectively;
and in case of vacancies occasioned by death,
resignation, or any other cause, the Governor
of tie Districtof Columbia shall fill the same
for the unexpired term of any such trustee.
And the said board of trustees shall be required
to furnish annually, on or before the first day
of April, a correct report of their transaction,
to the Governor of said District, who shall
transmit one copy each to the council and
house of delegates of the Legislative Assembly
of said District, with such suggestions as he
may think proper relating to said schools; and
any additional information that the said Legis-
lative Assembly, or either branch thereof,
shall, from time to time, request by resolution
shall be transmitted by said board of trustees
to the Governor of said District, to be by him
transmitted to said Legislative Assembly.
Sec. 3. That the1 Governor of the District
of Columbia shall appoint annually, a secre-
tary aud a treasurer of the said board of trus-
tees, whose term of office shall be for one year
from the date of appointment. It shall be the
duty of the treasurer to disburse the-funds
under the control of said board, in accordance
with the provisions of the acts of Congress and
the Legislative Assembly of the District of
Columbia governing the disbursement of mon-
eys appropriated for the support of the public
schools of Washington and Georgetown, as he
may be directed by a vote of a majority thereof,
and to beep accurate and full accounts of all
moneys received by said board, and present
proper vouchers for all expenditures, and pre-
pare, annually, a full and correct statement of
the financial transactions of said board; a
copy of which statement, after being approved
by the board, shall be transmitted to the Gov-
ernor aforesaid, whose duty it shall be to for-
ward copies thereof to the council and house
of delegates of the District of Columbia, if
requested by resolution. As compensation for
his services, the treasurer shall receive five
hundred dollars per annum, and he shall be
required to give bond in the sum of twenty
thousand dollars, with good and sufficient
securities, to be approved by the Governor of
the District of Columbia. It shall be the duty
of the secretary of said board to keep an accu-
rate account of all proceedings of the board in
a journal to be kept for that purpose, and to
perforth such other duties as appertain to his
office or may be required of him by said board,
and shall also act as secretary to the superin-
tendent and perform such clerical service as
may be required by said superintendent, and
for his services he shall receive the sum of
twelve hundred dollars per annum. It shall
also be. the duty of the treasurer and the secre-
tary to attend all meetings of the board, but
they shall not be entitled to a vote.
Sec. 4. That the Governor of the District
of Columbia shall be, and is hereby, empow-
ered to remove any member or members, sec-
retary or treasurer, of said board of trustees.
Sec. 5. That the Governor of the District
of Columbia shall appoint a superintendent
of schools for colored children, who shall re-
ceive the sum of two thousand five hundred
dollars annually, and shall hold his office during
the pleasure of the Governor of the District
of Columbia: Provided, That the terms of
office for the several persons hereby author-
ized to be appointed shall begin on the first
day of April, eighteen hundred and seventy-
three, on which day the Governor of the Dis-
trict of Columbia shall make the appointment
herei n provided for. And provided also, That
said board of trustees shall not create any
additional offices, or change or fix the salaries
of the officers connected with said board:
And provided further, That the proportion of
