1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1605
imous consent of the Senate to take up and
pass the bill (S. No. 1516) for the relief of
Asahel G. Batchelder arid Mrs. Alsie M.
Thompson, which was passed on the Calendar
the other day.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut asks unanimous consent
that the bill indicated by him may be taken
up at the present time for consideration. It
will be reported, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I must object.
Mi. FERRY, of Connecticut. Is it in order
now to move to proceed to the consideration
of the bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would not be
except by unanimous consent, as the morning
business is not yet concluded.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Then, at the
close of the morning business, I shall ask the
opportunity to move to proceed to the con-
sideration of this bill.
Mr. KELLY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the memorial of H. M. Barnes, postmaster at
Pioche, Nevada, submitted an adverse report
thereon ; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
3864) for the relief of the heirs-at-law and
next of kin of James B. Armstrong, deceased,
reported it with an amendment, and submitted
a report thereon ; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1707) for (he
relief of George D. Blakey, late collector of
the second district of Kentucky, reported ad-
versely thereon; and the bill was postponed
indefinitely.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. li. No. 3846)
1'or the relief of Peter Dunn and others, re-
ported it with amendments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (II. R. No. 3139)to provide for
the just and equitable distribution of the award
made to the United States by the commission-
ers at Geneva, under the treaty of Washing-
ton, to report it back, with the expression of
opinion that it ought not to pass. The Senate,
before this bill came over, passed a,hill whicti
was satisfactory to a large majority of the
Senate, and we thought we should be more
likely, in the present state of the business here,
to facilitate business by reporting this bill back
adversely, and letting it go on the Calendar,
and wait a little while, if necessary, for action
in another place on another bill, inasmuch as
we are so crowded for time here.
Mr. CONKLING, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1625) to amend an act entitled
"An act supplementary to au act entitled 'An
act to allow the United States to prosecute
appeals and writs of error without giving se-
curity, and for other purposes,' ' approved
July 27, 1868, reported adversely thereon ; and
the bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent of the Senate to take up House*
bill No. 3919. to authorize the President to
ascertain the value of certain lands in the
State of Iowa, north of the Raccoon fork of
the Des Moines river, held by settlers under
the preemption and homestead laws oi the
United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The call is now
resting at reports of committees, and the
Senator from Iowa asks unanimous consent
to consider a bill.
Several Senators rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several Sena-
tors have risen with morning business, which is
in the nature of objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to state that my
colleague and myself feel it to be our duty to
insist on getting a vote on this bill, and I hope
the Senate will give us an opportunity to take
a vote on it as soon as the morning business
is through.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 622) to punish contempts of the courts
of the United States in certain cases, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. THURMAN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 3731) to confirm certain
land titles in the State of Missouri, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. NYE. I obtained an order last night to
have the bill (II. R. No. 3949) to provide for
the apportionment of the Territory of Wyom-
ing for legislative purposes, that the Commit-
tee on Territories had reported, again recom-
mitted. That committee are now ready to
report it back, and I ask the attention of the
Senate a moment to the importance of present
action.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the bill go on the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar.
Mr. SPENCER, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1628) to aid in the erection of
a building for St. John's Hospital, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. MACHEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2373) for the relief of Edward C. Garlick,
reported adversely thereon.
Mr. PRATT. I ask that that case be put on
the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse report.
Mr. MACHEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1240) for the relief of trustees of Wildey Lodge
I. 0. 0. P., reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 3945) for the
relief of George Washington and Sallie Wash-
ington, his wife, of Alexandria, Virginia, re-
ported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2659) for the
relief of Amherst H. Wilder, reported it without
amendment.
amendment to appropriation bill
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed by hiin
to the bill (H. R. No. 3921) making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1874, and for other purposes, when it shall
have reached the Senate ; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered'to be printed.
soldiers' bounty lands.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution
to print extra copies of the report on House
bill No. 1665, reported it without amend-
ment; and it was considered and agreed to, as
follows:
Resolved, That five thousand extra, copies of the
report of the Committee on Public Lands on House
bill No. 1665 be printed for the use of the Senate.
bill introduced.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1638) to transfer certain accounts on the
books of the Treasurer of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
two pub cent. fund.
Mr. WEST. I desire to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the Seuate yes-
terday refused to concur with the House of
Representatives in what is known as the two
per cent. bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana moves to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate rejected, on the third read-
ing, House bill No 3255, declaring the true
meaning of a statute. The motion will be
entered.
light-house in oregon.
Mr. CORBETT submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent., and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and ho hereby is, instructed to inquire as to expe-
diency of erecting a light-house at the mouth of the
Umpqua river, Oregon, and report to Congress.
expenses of a committee.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, submitted the
following resolution ; which was considered by
unanimous consent, read three times, and
passed:
Resolved, That there be paid, from the contingent
fund of the Senate, for the expenses of the special
committee of the Senate to whom was referred the
communication of the House of Representatives in
relation to members of the Senate, the sum of $1,000,
or so much thereof as may be necessary.
hour of meeting and recess.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I offer the following
resolution ; and ask for its present considera-
tion :
Resolved, That after to-day, during the remainder
of this session, the Senate will, unless otherwise
ordered, meet at eleven o'clock a. m., and will take
a recess from five and a half to six o'clock p. m.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a resolution on
the table upon that subject, offered by myself
some days since, and I rose for the purpose
of calling it up. Will the Secretary again
report that resolution?
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Is the morn-
ing business finished?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not yet.
Mr. HAMLIN. This is morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will again report the resolution.
Mr. STOCKTON. Will one objection pass
over that resolution ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
asked by the Senator from New Jersey whether
one objection will throw this over. The Chair
thinks that when, at the opening of the session,
the hour of twelve o'clock was fixed for the
meeting of the Senate, it provided " unless
otherwise ordered." That is the recollection
of the Chair. If that is the case, the Senate
can otherwise order now, as a majority may
determine.
Mr. CASSERLY. I beg leave to suggest
that that does not add anything to the power
of tbe Senate over the question. The ques-
tion is whether a resolution can be acted on
the same day on which it is introduced except
by unanimous consent. I respectfully submit
that point.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I move to take up
the resolution which I submitted a week ago
to-day.
Mr. CASSERLY. That may be ■„ better
resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The usual ruling
has been that where a reservation has been
specifically made, as in this case, it puts in
the power of a majority, whenever they see
fit, to exercise that right the same as they
may, when a bill is up, make any motion
pertaining to it; but the Senator from Maine
moves to proceed to the consideration of the
resolution offered by him some days since.
Mr. HAMLIN, Not if the Chair rules this
in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to proceed to the consideration
of the resolution offered by the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Chair rules this reso-
lution of the Senator from Vermont in order,
I do not want to call up the other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair states
that that has been the ruling, as far as he
remembers, where the reservation has been
made; that the subject treated is always in
