1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
641
ment of the State, President Grant would
have been bound to decide that question, and
he would have been bound to decide it by his
own opinion. He was no more bound by
Durell's opinion than the president of France
or the queen of England would be. The
idaa that this great power with which the
President is invested, necessarily, in the first
instance, before Congress has spoken, of
determining which is the lawful government
in a State, can be taken out of his hands on
the ground that he is to execute the decree of
Borne inferior court is monstrous ; no such
thiug can be maintained at all. On tbe con-
trary, his decision would be binding even upon
the Supreme Court of the United States, as
President Tyler's was.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend per-
mit me to interrupt him for one moment ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. Do I understand him
to maintain that if upon the mere question of
whether A or B was duly elected Governor
of the State of Louisiana, that question were
to be heard and tried in a court of justice and
final judgment passed upon it in favor of A,
and he was thereupon inaugurated, the Presi-
dent would be justified in determining that the
court was wrong and that B was the Governor
and overthrow A and establish B ?
Mr. THURMAN. I do not undertake to
say that in a case in which a court has compe-
tent jurisdiction to try the conflicting titles of
A and B to an office the President would not
be bound by the decision of a court having
competent jurisdiction to decide that question
as a mere question between A and B as to the
right to that particular office.
Mr. CONKLING. What does the Senator
mean by " competent jurisdiction ? "
Mr. THURMAN. I mean this: we have
a law in the State of Ohio, and I presume you
have in the State of New York, which author-
izes a contest of elections, and provides the
tribunal to try it. In Ohio the senate is the
tribunal to decide a contested election of
Governor of the State. When the senate of
Ohio decides that question, its decision is final
and conclusive. But suppose there are two
senates, or two tribunals each claiming to be
the senate, and one decides in favor of one
person and the other tribunal decides in favor
of the other, and each one of them appeals to
the President, then the President must decide
the question. That is the state of the case
precisely.
I do not blame President Grant, if he was
called upon, (although I have never yet seen
any evidence that he was) for deciding for the
time being and before Congress acted, which
one of these was the lawful government of
Louisiana. If the case was made in which he
had a right to decide it, and if the case was
made under the act of Congress which gave
him the right and made it his duty to act,
and therefore gave him jurisdiction to decide
it, I do not blame him for deciding it, even
if he decided it erroneously, provided he did
it according to his best judgment.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator will
allow me one word right there, I understand
him to maintain that the case has not arisen in
regard to domestic violence iiv this State, that
there is no conflict there between two govern-
ments, and that the President has not been
called upon to interfere. Therefore all that
part of the subject may be dismissed. _ It
comes back, therefore, to & simple question
between A and B contending for an office in
which the Federal courts have ascertained a
certain thing and made a certain decree.
Now, ighat is the duty of the President ? Has
he any other duty in regard to that decree than
to execute it ?
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, that is
simply shutting our eyes to the real fact. The
real fact is, and the real fact contemplated by
the President was, that here were two bodies,
42d Cong. 3d Sess.—No. 41.
the one claiming to be the Legislature and
the other claiming to be the Legislature, and
one man cla:ming to be Governor and another
man claiming to be Governor; and it is
merely sticking in the bark to talk about its
being a mere private suit between A and B.
I repeat that if the President was called upon
according to the statute so that he was com-
pelled to decide, then he did right to decide ;
he was bound then to decide; but he was not
bound by the decision of this judge, much less
was he bound by a decision of this judge which
is in direct violation of the very act of Con-
fesa under which the judge professed to act.
say once more, therefore, that where there
are two governments thus set up, each claim-
ing to be the lawful government of the State,
the highest authority to decide that question
is the Congress of the United States, and in
the absence of a decision by Congress, then it
is for the President to decide.
Mr. WEST. I merely rise, Mr. President,
to correct the Senator from Ohio on a ques-
tion of fact. He stated that at the time of
the decree of this court there was a dispute
between two governments in Louisiana.
; Mr. THURMAN. No, I did not state that
at the time of the decree there was a dispute
between two governments.
Mr. WEST. The action of the President
was upon the decree of the court, not at all
with reference to the dispute that has taken
place since. There has been no action by the
President since ; there has been no occasion
for any intervention of troops.
| Mr. CONKLING. There were no two gov-
ernments when the decree was made,
j Mr. WEST. And there were no two gov-
i era men ts when this decree was made. It was
simply the judgment of the court that such
combinations of political parties existed in
that State at that time as to prevent the exe-
! cution of the order of the court; and there-
upon the marshal of the court called upon the
troops of the United States, and they came to
his assistance and executed the order of the
court. There was no dispute at all as between
j two governments.
| Mr. THURMAN. I have only to repeat
j1 that that is sticking in the bark, because every-
j body knew that the result of that matter was
to eventuate in there being two governments,
; each of them claiming to be the lawful gov-
ernment.
i Mr. MORTON. I hope we may be allowed
to vote.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer an amendment
to the resolution, to add the following:
And if the said committee shall ascertain that
no such legal State government now exists in said
State, then the committee shall inquire when such
government ceased to exist, and whether any action
of any Federal officer, executive or judicial, had
anything to do in depriving the people of said State
of their legal State government; and that said com-
mittee shall have full power to send for persons and
papers.
Mr. "MORTON. I think that specification
is not necessary. The resolution confers
power sufficient.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I understand that the
resolution as offered simply directs an inquiry
as to whether such a government exists, with-
out inquiring into the cause why such govern-
ment had ceased to exist, if that was the fact.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Scott
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Delaware.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the resolution offered by the Senator
from Indiana.
The resolution was agreed to.
THE CALENDAR.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
was about to call the next bill on the Calen-
dar, so that the Calendar would be before the
Senate.
The Chief Clerk. The next bill on the
Calendar is the bill (S. No. 1055) to authorize
the extension and use of the National railroad
of Maryland into and within the District of
Columbia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That bill
being pending, the Senator from Alabama
moves that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
' Thursday, January 16, 1873.
j The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bctler, D. D.
• The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
harbor improvements in massachusetts.
Mr. BUFFINTON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to cause an examination and survey to be made of
the harbor of Plymouth, Massachusetts, with a
view to dredging and improving the same; also of
> the harbor at Fall River, Massachusetts, for the
purpose of removing a certain ledge of rocks which
1 obstructs the entrance of vessels; also an examina-
tion of Wood's Hole, in Buzzard's bay, Massachu-
, setts, to ascertain the feasibility of removing ledges
of rock and enlarging the tidal channel; and also
an examination of the island of Cuttyhunk, Massa-
chusetts, with a view to the erection of break-
waters; and to report the results and an estimate
of the probable cost of the proposed improvements
to the House of Representatives at the next session
of Congress.
round valley indian reservation.
Mr. DUNNELL, by unanimous consent,
| from the Committee on the Public Lands,
| reported a substitute for the bill (H. R. No.
2094) to provide for the sale to actual settlers
| of the surplus lands of the Round Valley
| Indian' reservation; which was recommitted
to the Committee, and ordered to be printed.
claim of lewis m'kenzie.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin, from the
Committee of Elections, reported the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the account of Lewis McKenzie
for prosecuting a contest against Elliott M. Brax-
ton, the sitting member for the seventh congressional
district of Virginia in the Forty-Second Congress,
which account amounts to $1,528 95, be, and the same
is, disallowed and rejected.
agricultural colleges.
Mr. PERCE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Education and Labor, to report
ba6kr without amendment, and with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (S. No. 964)
to amend an act entitled ''An act to amend
the fifth section of an act entitled 'An act do-
nating public lands to the several States and
Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,'
approved July 2, 1862, so as to extend the
time within which the provisions of said act
shall be accepted and such colleges estab-
lished," approved July 23, 1866.
Mr. SARGENT. Does this bill come in by
unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. The circumstances are
these : yesterday the gentleman from Missis-
sippi had unanimous consent to reportthe bill,
and sent a printed bill to the Clerk's desk.
The Chair interposed and stated that where a
Senate bill was reported propriety demanded
that the original bill itself should be read at
the Clerk's desk.
Mr. SARGENT. I remember the circum-
stances perfectly well, except that the gentle-
man did not have unanimous consent. The
bill was to be read for information, and I
intended to object.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman so
