1(306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
the power of the Senate. The object of a res-
oluiion lying over is to give one day's notice,
iind the notice is given by the reservation.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I submit my motion
to lake up the resolution which I offered some
days since.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In order for the future
to_ have it determined positively which way
this rule is to be construed, as to the right of
the Senate to change its hour of meeting with-
out a day's notice, I insist that my resolution
is before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont insists that his resolution is
before the Senate. The Chair will submit the
question to the Senate. He has stated the
historical fact in regard to it, that when the
hour of twelve o'clock was fixed as the hour
of daily meeting, the Senate resolved that they
■would meet at twelve o'clock every day'' unless
otherwise ordered," and the Chair now submits
to the Senate the question whether the reso-
lution of the Senator from Vermont is in
order.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I did
not make the point of order; it was made by
the Senator from New Jersey. I have no
right to withdraw it unless with his consent. I
understand the Chair decided the point of
order adversely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
submitted the question to the Senate, as the
Senator from California did not concur in the
suggestion the (Jhair made that the ruling had
been, perhaps not uniform, where this reser-
vation was made, that the Senate reserved the
right to change the hour. For instance, on
the last day of the session if a proposition to
change the hour had to lie over one day, they
could not change the time of meeting. If
the Senator from California insists, the Chair
submits the question to the Senate.
Mr. STOCKTON. If I understand the
matter, the general rule of the Senate is that
a resolution, cannot be considered, except by
unanimous consent, on the same day it is
offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the gen-
eral rule of the Senate.
Mr. STOCKTON. I also understand that the
order was made that the Senate should meet
at twelve o'clock unless otherwise ordered.
Then I understand the ruling to be that when a
resolution is introduced otherwise ordering it,
that resolution is not covered by the general
rule requiring all resolutions to lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That particular
point is to be decided by the Senate, and the
question is, will the Senate receive the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Vermont for con-
sideration on this day?
Mr. CONKLING. I venture to ask a ques-
tion of the Chair ; I do not know of any other
source of information so good. There is a rale
of the Senate which requires one day's notice
to be given of the change of arule. If the Chair
has no objection, I should like the impression
of the Chair as to whether this order made at
the commencement of a session is not in effect
a rule of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
previously that the object of a resolution lying
over one day was that notice might be given
of it, and when this reservation had been
made, "unless otherwise ordered," it seemed
to be notice to the Senate that they should
have the privilege to "order otherwise" if they
saw fit.
Mr. CONKLING. My recollection is,
though I have not looked, that one of the
rules of the Senate provides that no change
shall be made in the rales of the Senate ex-
cept upon a notice of one day.
The VICK PRESIDENT. That is true.
The question is, will the Senate consider on
this day the resolution offered by the Senator
from Vermont?
The question being put, a division was
called for ; and the ayes were twenty-nine.
Mr. STOCKTON. May I ask whether it is
generally understood by the Senate that they
are voting now to maintain the ruling of the
Chair or voting in favor of taking up the
resolution ?
Mr. CONKLING. The Chair has not
made any ruling. He submitted it to the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mitted the question to the Senate for their
decision.
Mr. STOCKTON. That is why I asked
whether the Senate understand that they are
voting upon the ruling.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
not state whether they do or not.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should judge by the
way they vote that they do not. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT, (the division
having been completed.) On this question
there are 29 in the affirmative, and 16 in the
negative.
Mr. CASSERLY. This is a pretty import-
ant question if I am right about it, and I
therefore ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I see we shall waste the
whole morning over this matter, and as my
friend from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] has a resolu-
tion on this subject on the table, and the yeas
and nays have not been ordered on this ques-
tion, I withdraw the resolution, to save that
question.
Mr. HAMLIN, Now I move to proceed to
the consideration of the resolution on the table
fixing the hour of meeting.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let it be read for in-
formation.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That on and after Monday, the 17th
instant, the hour of meeting of the Senate shall be
at eleven o'clock a. m. until otherwise ordered,
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no sort of objec-
tion to that resolution, so far as I am con-
cerned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on proceeding to the consideration of the
resolution.
The motion was agreed to
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is before the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now I modify it by strik-
ing out the "17th" and inserting the "24th,"
which will be Monday next. I further modify
it by adopting the language of the resolution
submitted by the Senator from Vermont, that
we take a recess from half past five o'clock
until seven o'clock.
Mr. RAMSEY. Say five o'clock.
Mr. HAMLIN. Well, from five till seven
o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is a very important
modification. My experience has been that
we lose more time by a reeess than we gain
by it. If we take a recess at five and come
back here at seven, we lose two hours, and we
do not get two hours o f work after seven o' clock.
If instead of taking a recess at five, we stay
here until seven or eight, we can get a very
comfortable dinner here—-at least we temper-
ance folks can ; I do not know how it is with
some others,, [laughter]—and we can then go
home and attend to our correspondence and
obtain the necessary rest and refreshment. I
believe we shall do more work in less time if
we continue straight on and make one session
of all the time we choose to sit each day, it
being in order at the same time to move a
recess at any time.
Mr. HAMLIN. There are certain matters
pending before Congress upon which action is
demanded by the country, and it will be little
less than a crime if Congress shall adjourn its
session without action on those subjects. There
is an absolute hecessity for action on the appro-
priation bills. There is an obligation not less
important that Congress shall act upon various
questions that must come before it, growing
out of the reports of the Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections, and certain select com-
mittees which have been appointed by this
body.
Now, sir, my experience does not harmonize
with that of my friend from Rhode Island.
If we stay here to a late dinner hour the Sen-
ators go away and they do.not return, and we
are driven to an adjournment for want of a
quorum of the body, while if we have a recess
at a given hour, that of our usual dining,
Senators will go to their homes, or, if they be
good temperance men, they can remain here,
as my friend from Rhode Island suggests, and
get dinner without going to their homes. We
shall accomplish, in my judgment, a vast deal
more legislation and perform more duties by
taking a recess than by attempting to hold a
session much beyond five o'clock with any
expectation of retaining a quorum here.
With these views, I think that we ought to
take a recess, and that the obligations upon
us are such as to demand of every Senator to
keep to the duties now before us, that we shall
so discharge them as to meet the approbation
of our own judgment as well as the approba-
tion of the community.
Mr. THURMAN obtained the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sen-
ator suspend for a moment in order that the
statement of the Chair as to the historical fact
referred to by him may be put into the Globe
in the debate? The Journal states:
" On motion by Mr. Anthony,
"Ordered, That the hour of daily meeting of
the Senate be twelve o'clock m, until otherwise
ordered."
The Anthony rule, so called, reads as
follows:
"And this order shall be enforced daily"—
That is, about the consideration of unob-
jected bills—
" until the end of the Calendar is reached, unless
upon motion the Senate should at any time other-
wise order."
Mr. THURMAN. In regard to the ques-
tion of order, I remember two cases in which
it has been decided that you might, without a
resolution lying over a day, change the hour;
but that point has passed by.
Now, I wish to say in reply to what has been
! said by the Senator from Maine, that we all
agree we should have a recess. The only ques-
tion is, how long shall the recess be? The res-
olution submitted by the Senator from Vermont
proposes a recess of half an hour; that of the
Senator from Maine a recess of two hours ; and
there is the whole difference, the material
part of this business. If you have a recess of
two hours, all the Senators will go to -their
hemes and after the expiration of that recess
you will not have the half of a quorum here,
and nobody will dare to divide the Senate be-
cause there will be no quorum, and the most
obnoxious and the most objectionable measures
will pass the body because nobody dares to
divide the Senate. We all know that is the
case. But if you make a recess of only half
an hour, and let Senatorsget their dinner here,
as they can do, and as we always do when we
sit a bill out, then you will have a quorum all
the time, and you will do far more business
than if you take a recess of two hours and
Senators go to their homes. I hope the Sen-
ator from Vermont will move his resolution,
as a substitute for that of the Senator from
Maine, and that we shall adopt it.
Mr, CONKLING. We can amend it.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, move it as a sub-
stitute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio can move the amendment. The
resolution is now before the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to take
the matter out of the hands of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was about when I could
get the floor (in order to present the precise
question to the Senate that I wished to do by
the resolution which I offered, and for the best
part of which, as I understand it, I am indebted
to the kind suggestions of my friend from Ohio)
