1873.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
soy
Laws of the United States.
negotiate with the chiefs and head-men of the
Grow tribe of Indians, in the Territory of Mon-
tana, tor the surrender of their reservation in
said territory, or of such part thereof as may be
consistent with the welfare of the said Indians:
1 roviaea, J hat any such negotiation shall leave
the remainder of said reservation in compact
form and m good locality for farming pur-
poses, having within it a sufficiency of good
land for farming and a sufficiency of water and
timber ; and if there is upon such reservation
a locality where fishing could be valuable to
the Indians, to include the same if practica-
ble ; and the Secretary shall report his action
in pursuance of this act to Congress, at the
next session thereof, for its confirmation or
rejection.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
42d Cong....3b Sess.
Chap. CCCXXII.—To authorize the Secre-
. tary of the Interior to negotiate with the
Creek Indians for the cession of a portion
• of their Reservation, occupied by friendly
Indians.
Whereas by the third article of the treaty
concluded with the Creek Indians June four-
teenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, said
Indians ceded to the United States, for the
settlement of friendly Indiana and freedmen,
the west half of their entire domain, to be
divided by a line running north and south; and
whereas the recent survey of said line, made
ill conformity with the provisions of said treaty,
includes within the limits of the Creek reser-
vation, east of said line, some of the improve-
ments made on a reservation selected on what
was supposed to be the Creek ceded lands, for
the Seminole tribe of Indians, which reserva-
tion is provided for in their treaty of March
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and also
some of the improvements of the Sacs and
Foxes, of the Mississippi tribe of Indians, made
on a reservation intended to be established in
accordance with the provisions of their treaty
of February eighteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven ; and whereas said improvements
have been made upon said lands by and for the
aforesaid Indians, who have settled thereupon
in good faith, in accordance with treaty stipu-
lations; and whereas it is necessary, in order
to secure these improvements to said Indians,
and to insure them suitable reservations, that
the lands occupied thereby should be granted
to them : Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House ofliep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and'hehereby is, authorized to ne-
gotiate with the aforesaid Creek Indians for the
relinquishment to the United States of such
portions of their country as may have been set
apart in accordance with treaty stipulations,
for the use of the Seminoles, and the Sacs and
Foxes of the Mississippi tribes of Indians,
respectively, found to be east of the line sep-
arating the Creek ceded lauds from.the Creek
reservation, and also to negotiate and arrange
with said tribes for a final and permanent
adjustment of their reservations; and the Sec-
retary shall report the result to Congress.
Approved, March 3,1873.
Chap. CCCXXIII.—An Act extending the
Time for the completion of the Portage
Lake and Lake Superior Ship-Canal.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the time for the
completion of the Portage Lake and Lake Su-
perior ship-canal be and the same is hereby
extended to the first day of December, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and seventy-three.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXXIV.—An Act to enable the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs to purchase
ft -Kpay -r,or eertaln Improvements within
the Nez Perce Indian Reservation in the
Ierritory of Idaho.
Whereas, by the tenth article of the treaty
concluded with the Nez Perce tribe of Indians,
.June eleventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-five
it was agreed that the tract of land then occu-
pied by William Craig should not be consid-
6u a part of the reservation set apart for
uemu T sa!d, .treaty, except that the same
should be subject to the intercourse act in
common with the other lands of the reserva-
tion, m consideration of the fact that said
Cra.ig had consented to reside among them as
™e>r friend an<^. a<^v'ser > an<I whereas the
said Craig, and, since his death, his legal rep-
resentatives, have cultivated and otherwise
improved the tract of land in question; and
whereas the rightof personal occupancy of the
same, acquired under the treaty referred to,
ceased with ^ the death of said Craig; and
whereas the improvements upon said tract, as
aforesaid, are required for the use of the Nez
Perce tribe of Indians: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of A.mericain
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to purchase, from the legal representa-
tives of the said William Craig, the said im-
provements, at a cost not exceeding the sum
of three dollars per rod for fencing and four
dollars and fifty cents per acre for the plowing
upon the said tract, and to pay for the same,
out of any unexpended money appropriated
for fulfilling treaty with the Nez Perce tribe
of Indians.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXXY.—An Act to authorize the
construction of a Bridge across the Missouri
River at or near the City of Lexington, in
the State of Missouri, and to establish it as
a Post Road.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House ofHep-
resenlatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall be lawful for
any person or persons, company, or corpora-
tion, authorized by the general or special laws
of Missouri, and having the consent of the
Burlington and Southwestern and the Lexing-
ton Lake and Gulf Railroad Companies, to
build a bridge across the Missouri river at or
near the city of Lexington, in the State of
Missouri, and to lay on or over said bridge
railway tracks for the more perfect connection
of any railroads that are or shall be con-
structed to the said river at or opposite said
point, under the limitations and conditions
hereinafter provided. That said bridge shall
not interfere with the free navigation of said
river beyond what is necessary in order to
carry into effect the rights and privileges
hereby granted. And in case of any litiga-
tion arising from any obstruction, or alleged
obstruction, to the free navigation of said
river, the cause may be tried before the dis-
trict court of the United States in the district
of said State in which said bridge is located.
Seo. 2. That any bridge built under the pro-
visions of this act may, at the option of the
company building the same, be built either as
a pivot draw-bridge, or with unbroken or con-
tinuous spans: Provided, That if the said
bridge shall be made with unbroken and con-
tinuous spans, it shall not be of less elevation,
in any case, than fifty feet above high-water
mark, as understood at the point of location,
to the bottom chord of the bridge ; nor shall
the spans of said bridge be less than two hun-
dred and fifty feet in length, and the piers of
said bridge shall be parallel with the current
of the river; and the main span shall be over
the main channel of the river, and not less
than three hundred feet in length: And pro-
vided also, That if any bridge built under this
act shall be constructed as a pivot draw-bridge
the same shall be constructed with a draw over
the main channel of the river at an accessible
and navigable point, with spans of not less
than one hundred and sixty feet in length in
the clear on each side of the central or pivot
pierof the draw; and the next adjoining spans
to the draw shall not be less than two hundred
and fifty feet, if the proper location of the
draw over the channel will admit spans of this
width between it and the shore; and said spans
shall not be less than thirty feet above low-
water mark, and not less than ten above ex-
treme high-water mark, measuring to the bot-
tom chord of the bridge ; and the piers of said
bridge shall be parallel with the current, of the
river: And provided also, That said draw shall
be opened promptly, upon reasonable signal,
for the passage of boats, and in no case shall
unnecessary delay occur in opening the said
draw during or after the passage of trains.
Sec. 3. That any bridge constructed under
this act, and according to its limitations, shall
be a lawful structure, and shall be known and
recognized as a post route, upon which, also,
no higher charge shall be made for the trans-
mission over the same of the mails, the troops,
and the munitions of war of the United States
than the rate per mile paid for their transporta-
tion _ over the railroads or public highways
leading to the said bridge. •
Sec. 4. That all railway companies desiring
to use the said bridge shall have and be en-
titled to equal rights and privileges in the pass-
age of the same, and in the use of the ma-
chinery and fixtures thereof, and of all the ap>
proaches thereto under and upon such terms
and conditions as shall be prescribed by the
Secretary of War, upon hearing the allegations
and proofs of the parties in case they shall not
agree.
Sec. 5. That any bridge authorized to be
constructed under this act shall be built and
located under and subject to such regulations
for the security of navigation of said river'as
the Secretary of War shall prescribe ; and to
secure that object the said company or corpora-
tion shall submit to the Secretary of War, for
his examination and approval, a design and
drawings of the bridge and piers, and a map of
the location, giving, for the space of atleastone
mile above and one mile below the proposed
location, the topography of the banks of the
river, the^ shore lines at high and low water,
the direction and strength of the currents at all
stages, and the soundings accurately showing
the bed of the stream, the location of any
other bridge or bridges, and shall furnish such
other information as may be required for a
full and satisfactory understanding of the sub-
ject ; and until the said plan and location of
the bridge are appioved by the Secretary of
War, the bridge shall not be built; and.if any
change be made in the plan of construction of
said bridge during the progress of the work
thereon, or before the completion of said
bridge, such change shall be subject to the
approval of the Secretary of War; and the
said structure shall be at ail times so kept and
managed as to offer reasonable and proper
means for the passage of vessels through or
under said structure ; and the said structure
shall be changed at the cost and expense of
the owners thereof, from time to time, as Con-
gress may direct., so as to preserve the free and
convenient navigation of said river. And the
authority to erect and continue said bridge
shall be subject to revocation or modification
by law whenever the public good shall, in the
judgment of Congress, so require without any
expense or charge to the United States.
