308
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March. 3,
42d Cong-....3d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Sec. 6. That the right to alter or amend this
act, so as to prevent or remove all material
obstructions to the navigation of said river by
the construction of bridges, is hereby expressly
reserved.
Approved, March 8, 1873.
Chap. CCCXXVI.—An Act to extend the
Works of the Georgetown Gas-Light Com-
pany.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the rights and privi-
leges granted by the act approved J uly t wentieth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, entitled "An
act to incorporate the Georgetown Gas-Light
Company," be, and the same are hereby, so
exteuded as to cover all the territory within
the limits of the District of Columbia, lying
on the western side of Bock creek.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
made, by any person or persons to said insti-
tution.
Approved, March 3,1873.
Chap. CCCXXVII.—An Act to authorize in-
quiries into the causes 'of Steam Boiler
Explosions.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of thi United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United Statf s be- and he is hereby, authorized
to cause such oxperimeuts to be made and
such information to be collected as in his
opinion may be i seful and important to guard
against the burning of steam boilers ; and
tiiat, he be requeited to communicate the same
to Congress; and that the sum of one hundred
thousand do.iars be appropriated for the pur-
poses of this act.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. OCCXXV ill.—An Act supplemental to
the Act of Febi uary ninth, eighteen hundred
and twenty-oiu , incorporating the Columbia
College, in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted b.rthe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of thi United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the act to incorpor-
ate the Columb.a College in the District of
Columbia, appro/ed February ninth, eighteen
hundred and twe ity-one, be, and the same is
hereby, so modil ed that said corporation shall
be hereafter kno vn and called by the name of
the Columbia t niversity, and in that name
shall take, bold :md manage all the estate and
property now be.onging to said college, orthat
may hereafter I e conveyed, devised or be-
queathed to saic corporation by its original
name ; that the restriction of the yearly value
of the property of said corporation to the sum
of twenly-five thousand dollars be, and the
said restriction is, hereby, repealed; and that
said corporation may increase the number of
its overseers to twenty-one, and the number of
its trustees to wenty-one, exclusive of the
president of tht faculty, who shall be, ex-
officio, a trustee of said corporation.
Sec. 2. That ,he act for the relief of the
Columbian College in.the District of Columbia
enacted by the Legislative Assembly of said
District, and approved July twenty-fitth, eigh-
teen hundred and seventy-one, be, and the
same is hereby, approved and confirmed.:
Provided, That this act nor the said actof the
Legislative Assembly of the said District,
shall be so construed as to authorize the said
Columbian University to sell, or use the pro-
ceeds of any sale of land granted by Congress to
said institution for any purpose other than that
expressed in the act of incorporation, and the
act granting any such land or real estate, or
contrary to any will, devise or grant of any
tend or real eslate heretofore or hereaiter
Chap. CCCXXIX.— An Act to authorize the
Little Rock, Pine Bluff and Aii;adelphia
Southwestern Railroad Company to con-
struct a Bridge over the Ouachita River at
or near Arkadelphia, Arkansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Little Hock,
Pine Bluff and Arkadelphia Southwestern
Railroad Company, a corporation organized
under the general incorporation laws of the
State of Arkansas, be, and is hereby, author-
ized to construct a bridge over the Ouachita
river at or near Arkadelphia in the Slate
of Arkansas for the purpose of terminating
the Little Rock, Pine Bluff and Arkadelphia
Southwestern Railroad at Arkadelphia, m
said State, and for the purpose of connecting
said railroad with any other railroad which
may run from said place: Provided, I hat said
company may construct said bridge for the
accommodation of foot passengers, animals,
and vehicles of all kinds over said river, and
shall keep up, operate, and maintain said
bridge. , . ...
Sec. 2. That said company may build said
bridge as a draw-bridge, with a pivot or^ other
form of draw, or with unbroken or continuous
spans: Provided, That if the same shall be
made of unbroken or continuous spans it shall
not be of less elevation in any case than fifty
feet above high-water mark, as understood at
the point of location, to the bottom chord of
the bridge, nor shall the spans of said bridge
be less than one hundred and fifty feet in
length, and the piers of said bridge shall be
parallel with the current of the river, and the
main span shall be over the main channel of
the river, and not less than one hundred and
eighty feet in length. And provided also,
That if said bridge shall be built as a draw-
bridge, the same shall be constructed as a pivot
draw-bridge with a draw over the main chan-
nel of the river at an accessible and navigable
point, and with spans of not less than one hun-
dred and sixty feet ou either side of the pivot
pier; and said spans shall not be less than
thirty feet above low-water mark, and not less
than ten feet above extreme high-water mark,
measuring to the bottom chord of the bridge ;
and the piers of said bridge shall be parallel
to the currcnt of the river: And provided also,
That said draw shall be opened promptly upon
reasonable notice or signal, for the passage of
boats, and in no case shall unnecessary delay
occur in opening the said draw during or after
the passage of trains.
Sec. 3. That said bridge, when constructed
under this act, shall be a. lawful structure, aud
shall be recognized andknown as a post route,
and no higher charge shall be made for the
transmission over the same of the mails, troops,
and munitions of war of the United States than
the rate per mile paid for their transportation
over the raittoads of public highways leading
to said bridge. . .
Sec. 4. That all railway companies desiring
to use the said bridge shall have and be enti-
tled to equal rights and privileges m the pass-
age of the same, aud in the^ use of the ma-
chinery and fixtures thereof, and of all the
approaches thereto, under aud upon such terms
and conditions as shall be prescribed by the
Secretary of War, upon hearing the allegations
and proofs of the parties in case they shall not
agSEC. 5. That the structure herein authorized
shall be built under and subject to such regu-
lations for the security of the navigation of
said river and lake as the Secretary of War
shall prescribe, and the said structure shall be,
at all times, so kept and managed as to offer
reasonable and proper means for the passage
of vessels through and under said structure j and
the said structure shall be 'changed at the cost
and expense of the owners thereof) from time
to time, as Congress may direct, so as to pre-
serve the free and convenient navigation ot
said river; and the authority to erect and con-
tinue said bridge shall be subject to revocation
by law whenever the public good shall, in tiie
judgment of Congress, so require. .
Sec. C. That the right to alter or amend
this act and to prevent or remove all material
obstructions to the navigation of said river by
the construction of said bridge, is hereby ex-
pressly reserved.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXXX.—An Act donating Con-
demned Cannon and Cannon Balls to the
Gettysburgh Battle-Field Memorial Associa-
tion.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, aud is hereby, authorized to deliver to the
Gettysburgh Battle-Field Memorial Associa-
tion, if it can be done without detriment to the
Government, such number of condemned can-
non and cannon balls as his judgment may
approve, for the purpose of their work of indi-
cation of the battle-field of Gettysburgh.
Approved, March 3, 1873.
Chap. CCCXXXI.—An Act for the extension
of Time to the Saint Paul and Pacific Rail-
road Company for the completion of its
Roads. s
' Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America irt
Congress assembled, That the time for the
completion of the railroad from Saint Anthony
to Braiuerd, in the State of Minnesota as now-
limited by law, and of the railroad from Saint
Cloud to Saint Vincent, in said State as now
located, with the approval of the Secretary of
ihe Interior, be extended for the period of
nine months from the time limited by the acts
of Congress relating to the same respectively;
and if completed within said nine months the
said railroads shall be entitled to all the ben-
efits of the several provisions of the acts of
Congress relating thereto, in the same manner
as if said roads had been fully completed
within the time therein limited.
Approved, March 3, 1873. .
Chap. CCCXXXII.—An Act to abolish the
Tribal Relations of the Miami Indians, and
for other purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That if the Miami tribe
of Indians in Kansas shall signify to the Pres-
ident of the United States their desire to sell
the lands reserved for the future homes of the
said Indians by the first article of the treaty
of June fifth, eighteenth hundred and fifty-
foar, and which remain unallotted, together
with the school-section mentioned in said arti-
cle, said lands shall be disposed of in the
following manner to wit: the said Secretary
shall appoint three disinterested and com-
petent persons, who shall, after being duly
sworn to perform said service faithfully and
impartially, personally examine and appraise
said lands by legal subdivisions of one hun-
dred and sixty acres or less, separately, and
make return thereof to the Commissioner ot
Indian Affairs: Provided, That the Secretary
of the Interior may, in his discretion, set aside
