1873.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1609
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I move to amend
it by saying " from five to seven."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the ori-
ginal resolution. The Senator by voting
against the proposition arrives at that result.
Mr. CASSERLY. Do I understand that
the amendment is ruled out of order?
The VICE PRESIDENT, The Chair rules
that according to parliamentary law where the
converse of a proposition can be obtained by
voting "no," the Chair does not receive the
proposition. The same rule applies as on a
question of concurrence where the Chair does
not receive a proposition to non-concur, be-
cause to vote "no" is to non-concur.
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course I acquiesce
cheerfully. I move to substitute a recess from
half past five to seven.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in order
clearly. The Senator from California moves
to amend the amendment by striking out
"from five to seven" and inserting "from
half past five to seven."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to make a little
speech on that. [Laughter.] I merely wish
to say—not to debate the proposition—that if
that is done, I shall feel it to be my duty, if I
am here at the time appointed, to see that no
business is done unless there is a quorum
present. I believe the Constitution requires
me to do that, and I give fair notice that I
shall stand by the Constitution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I do not threaten
the Senate with a speech, but I rise simply^ to
suggest that we have reached now that period
m the session and are in such circumstances
that every Senator should feel that his time
and his strength from this day out are to be
taxed to their utmost capacity. It is there-
fore a simple question of economy of time,
how much time can we labor in these Halls,
and at what hours can we do it best, For
myself, I think we can labor with the greatest
economy of time from eleven o'clock in the
morning until nine or ten at night, with a
single interruption of half an hour for refresh-
ment; and I shall vote every time in that
direction under the highest sense of responsi-
bility, that we owe it to the country and as due
to ourselves to thus economize our time and
save an extra session of Congress, and in no
other way do I believe we can do it. The idea
that we shall gain anything by spending two
hours or two hours and a half for dinner at
this period of the session, contradicts all the
experience I believe of every man who has
been in the Senate and at all observant of
what takes place in the last days of a session.
I shall vote therefore in harmony with these
notions. „ m, , ■
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment, to strike
out " from half past five to six o'clock and
insert " from half past five to seven o clock.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and there were eighteen ayes.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask for the yeas and
"^he yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Bayard, Blair, .
Kfrlv Chandler Davis. Goldthwaito, Hamilton oi
Ia' Hitchcock, Kelly. Mwhen. Bobertoon.
Sherman, Sprague, btevenson, btockton, Upton,
V™-Sldele8!t"Im8S, Anthony, Buckingham,
Carpenter Clayton. Cole, Colliding, Corhett, M
munds, Fenton, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Frohnghuyben., Gilbert, H
gluS°sJnrc"; £££
d0ABSt3NT—Messrs. 'Alcorn, Brownlow, Caldwell
Scott, Sumner, and Irumbull lb.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the resolution of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the portion which
provides for a recess for half an hour.
Mr. HAMLIN. That cannot be done until
we perfect the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is an amend-
ment to the proposition of the Senator from
Vermont, which is still pending.
Mr. COLE. It is rather apparent now that
there is no disposition to dispose of this ques-
tion, and I feel like calling for the regular
order.
Mr. HAMLIN and others. Oh, no ; let us
settle this question.
Mr. COLE. If we can have a vote, very
well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina, which is to strike out that part of
the substitute of the Senator from Vermont
which relates to any recess at all.
Mr. HAMLIN. I submit that that motion
is not now in order, because the Senator from
Vermont is moving to perfect the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He moved, how-
ever, an entire substitute
Mr. HAMLIN. No.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is so recorded
at the Secretary's desk.
Mr. NYE. I am opposed to the proposition
of the honorable Senator from South Caro-
lina. I have been inquiring in my own mind
the cause of this uncommon union and har-
mony upon so grave aquestion, and I haveeome
to the conclusion that it arises from the fact
that we ought all of us to be ashamed to sit
hereto-day. Thisisa national holiday by law.
It is the birthday of the Father of his Country ;
and I see such a spirit of uneasiness pervading
the Senate that I have thought I might bring
temporary alleviation by proposing that the
Senate do now adjourn. It is due to the honor
of this nation ; it is due to the great name that
was born this day. In commemoration of a
life so pregnant with good and so full of glory
as his, the nation, in a lucid interval, made
this a holiday, and it is one that we ought to
observe. I see that there is a determination
here to do nothing but discuss the solemn
question of when we shall eat and when
we shall drink and wherewithal shall we be
clothed, which moves me to make this motion.
I believe our legislation will be the better for
it, and certainly we shall have discharged the
duty which I regard somewhat sacred to our
consciences, if we now adjourn and leave these
belligerents here who cannot agree upon the
time to eat, or to drink, to war it out between
this and Monday morning by themselves.
[Laughter. ] I hope, therefore, that the Senate
will adjourn.  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina to the amendment
of the Senator from_ Vermont, which is to
strike out of the substitute all that relates to a
recess. „ ,
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask to have the
amendment read at the desk so that it may be
understood by Senators. It merely proposes
to dispense with the recess of half an hour.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment to the
amendment is to strike out the words "and
will take a recess from half past five to six
o'clock p. m."
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the substitute of the Senator from
Vermont, which is to provide for meeting at
eleven o'clock and for a recess from halt past
five till six o'clock.
The question being put; there were on a
division—ayes 26, noes 27.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
nays. ["No!" "No!"] Yes, I insist on the
call.
Mr. HAMLIN. Well, it is a moat profound
question and I think we ought to make a
record on it. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. I think it is very im-
portant.
Several Senators rose to second the call.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the opinion
of the Chair there is a sufficient number up.
The yeas and nays are ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to see the " sufficient
number."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine demands a count on ordering the
yeas and nays under the Constitution.
Fourteen Senators rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. More than one
fifth of the last vote have risen to second the
call, and the yeas and nays are ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 30 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Carpen-
ter, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Edmunds, Fonton,
Ferry of Connecticut, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Ilowe,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of V ermont, Morton, Nye,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Rice, Sawyer, Spencer,
Stewart, Thurman, West, Wilson, and Wright.—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Boretnan,
Casserly, Clayton, Cragin, Davis, Ferry of Michi-
gan, Flanagan, Uoldtnwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land,Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin. Harlan, Hitch-
cock, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Machen, Ramsey,
Robertson, Schurz, Sherman. Sprague, Stevenson,
Tipton. Trumbull, Vickers, and Windom-%30
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Cooper, Corbett, Hill, Logan, Norwood,
Osborn, Pool, Ransom, Saulsbury, Soott, Stockton,
and Sumner—16.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the original resolution of the Senator
'from Maine, providing to meet at eleven
o'clock, and to take a recess daily from five to
seven o'clock.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend it so as
to make the recess from five to six o'clock.
["No!" "No."]
The amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the original resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
ELECTION OF SKNATOK CALDWELL.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate
resumes the consideration of the Post Office
appropriation bill, which is now before the
Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I gave notice that 1 would
call up, on Tuesday'next, the resolution, re-
ported from the Committee on Privileges and
Elections, in regard to the election of the Sen-
ator from Kansas, [Mr. Caldwell;] but, in
looking over the business of the Senate, I think
it better to do so on Monday morning; and I
now give notice that on Monday next I shall
ask the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of that resolution.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to say to the
Senator from Indiana that the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] desired to be
heard on that question, and to be present when
it was considered, and he cannot be back here
until Tuesday. He left the city under the
impression that it would not come up before
Tuesday next.
Mr. MORTON. I had a conference with
the Senator from Pennsylvania, and an under-
standing with him, that the vote should not be
taken at least on Monday j but I think it is
advisable to begin the consideration of the
subject on Monday.
PUBLICATION OP DEBATES.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senate will remem-
ber that I gave notice yesterday that 1 should
ask the assent of the Senate to-day, at one
o'clock, to proceed to the consideration of tli.:
joint resolution providing for the publication
