1610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February. 22,
of the congressional debates. I understood
my friend from California [Mr. Cole] to say
that he would endeavor to give me the neces-
sary time if he could, and as this is a matter
which must be disposed of before we adjourn,
there will be no loss of time in taking it up
now and going on with it.
Mr. COLE. The Senator can hardly ask
me to agree to that now. My reply to him
yesterday was qualified with the remark that
if we were so far along with the appropriation
bills as to warrant it, I might not object. But
we are not through with the pending appro-
priation bill, and I wish to make a motion in
regard to that, which I will now make. I move
that debate on all amendments to the pending
Post Office appropriation bill be confined to
five minutes, under the uew rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California moves to apply the five-minute
rule to the pending appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. What am I to do about
this joint resolution for publishing the con-
gressional debates?
Mr. COLE. Let me get through with the
appropriation bill first. I think we can dis-
pose of it in a little while.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not like to make a
motion to lay the appropriation bill on the
table. Will the Senator from California agree
that, at the conclusion of this bill, I may bring
up the joint resolution for the publication of
the debates, to the exclusion of any other
appropriation bill ?
Mr. COLE. I cannot make any agreement
in regard to it, because I have not control of
the next appropriation bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. What Senator has con-
trol of the next bill?
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. West.]
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator from
Louisiana make that understanding with me?
Will he agree that, at the conclusion of this
Post Office appropriation bill, I may call up
the joint resolution for publishing the con-
gressional debates? If not, I shall, however
reluctantly, be compelled to move to proceed
to the consideration of it now.
Mr. WEST. I would prefer that the Sen -
ator from Rhode Island should make that
proposition to me when this bill is concluded,
because it may occupy two or three days; and
if it should, I shall be compelled to press the
Army, appropriation ; but if I can with pro-
priety yield to the Senator, then i will do so.
Mr. ANTHONY. If I can have no assur-
ance of any time for the consideration of this
joint resolution I must, in duty to the sub-
ject with which I have been charged, move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the joint resolution now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair
recognizes the • Senator from Rhode Island ;
but pending, that motion, the Senator from
California [Mr. C.ysserly] has risen, and
seems to have some morning business.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to ask whether
morning business is in order or not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not, except
by unanimous consent. The clock shows that
the morning hour has expired.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to make a report
from the Committee on Public Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive it, if there be no objection.
additional reports of committees.
Mr. CASSERLY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 3622) supplemental to an act enti-
tled "An act granting the right of way through
the public lands for the construction of a rail-
road from Great Salt Lake to Portland, Ore-
gon, ' approved April 12, 1872, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. KELLY. The bill just reported by the
Senator from California is a very important
one to my State. It is a House bill, and a
very short one, and I know it will lead to no
discussion whatever, and I should like to have
it taken up and passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill at this
time.
Mr. COLE. It will take some time to dis-
pose of that bill. I am sorry to be obliged to
object to its consideration, but there are others
pressing equally strong with that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects.
Mr. BOREMAN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2804) for the relief of Joseph Dawson,
reported it with amendments; and submitted
a report thereon, which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charles Lanman,
complaining that his copyright of the Diction-
ary of Congress had been infringed, and asking
reparation iu damages at the hands of Con-
gress therefor, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a concurrent reso-
lution for the printing of forty-five thousand
five hundred copies of the report of the
United States centennial commission, made
in obedience to the acts of Congress of March
3, 1871, and June 1, 1872, giving the organ-
ization of said commission, and the plans,
classifications, and arrangements for the in-
ternational exhibition and centennial celebra-
tion of 1876.
enrolled bills s10ne1).
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 3021) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for holding a cir-
cuit court of the United States in the west-
ern district of Missouri," approved June 8,
1872 *
A bill (H. R. No. 3252) to enforce the stip-
ulations of the convention with Venezuela of
April 25, 1866, and the payment of adjudicated
claims; ,
A bill (S. No. 363) to provide fora building
suitable for a post office, for the accommoda-
tion of the revenue officers and the United
States courts, and their officers, in the city of
Parkersburg, West Virginia;
A bill (S. No. 1156) to define the limits of
the collection district of the Teche in the
State of Louisiana; and for other purposes ;
A bill (S. No. 138) for the relief of John B.
Emerson;
A bill (S. No. 1325) to grant an American
register to the propeller Oliver Cromwell;
A bill (S. No. 1442) for the relief of Henry
E. Janes; and
A bill (S. No. 1499) to authorize the North-
ern Pacific Railroad Com pany to construct and
maintain a bridge across the St. Louis river.
bills introduced.
Mr. SPRAGUE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1639) for the payment of the Corliss Steam
Engine Company; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1640) for the relief of the Foun-
dry Methodist Episcopal church of Washing-
ton city ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committtee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to in-
troduce a bill (S. No. 1641) to authorize .the
extension, construction, and use of the road
of the Frederick and Pennsylvania Line Rail-
road Company into and within the District of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
CENTENNIAL COM MISSION,. REPORT. *
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before 'the
Senate the following concurrent resolution of
the House of Representatives ; whicn was
referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the House of Jiepresentativea, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That of the report of the United.
States centennial commission, made in obedience to
the acts of Congress of Marco 3, 1871, and June 1,
1872, giving the organization of said commission ..and
the plans, classifications, and arrangements for the
international exhibition and oentennial celebration
of 1876, there be printed for the use of the State
Department, fifteen hundred copies ; for the use of
the Senate, three thousand copies : for the use of
the House, six thousand copies, and for the use of
the centennial commission, thirty thousand copies,
making in all forty thousand five hundred copies.
papers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. CONKLING, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from
the files of the Senate the memorials, &o., in the
interest of the national homestead at Gettysburg,
for the orphans of soldiers of the United States.
publication of debates.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony,] that the con-
sideration of the Post Office appropriation
bill be postponed for the purpose of consider-
ing the joint resolution (H. R. No. 195) pro-
viding for the reporting and publication of the
debates of Congress.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLE. Now, when we have just
adopted the five-minutes rule, on all amend-
ments to the appropriation bill, and after, the
bill has been gone through and there are proba-
bly but a few other amendments to be disposed
of, it does seem to me that we ought to dispose
of it first, before taking up anything else.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will agree
that after the pending bill is disposed of I
shall be allowed to get up the joint resolution
in regard to the debates, I will not press my
present motion; but the Senate having in-
trusted mo with this business, it is my duty to
press it.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CHANDLER, (after first voting in the
affirmative.) I had forgotten that I was paired
on this question with the Senator from. Dela-
ware, [Mr. Saulsbdry.] I therefore ask
leave to withdraw my vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the vote will be considered as with-
drawn.
The result was then announced—yeas 19,
nays 34 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Clayton, Conkling, Ferry of Michigan, Fre-
linghuysen. Gilbert, Hitchcock, Howe, Logan, Mor-
ton. Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Robertson, Spencer,
and Stewart—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Carpenter, eas-
terly, Colo, Cragin, D,ivis. Fenton,Flanagan, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas,
Johnston, Kelly, Maohen, Morrill of Vermont,
Norwood, Pool, Ramsey, Ransom, Rice, Sehurz,
Sherman, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman,
Xipton, Trumbull, Vickers, West, Wilson, Windom,
and Wright—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Chandler, Cooper, Corbett, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamlin, Harlan,
Hill, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Pratt, Sauls-
bury. Sawyer, Scott, and Sumner—20.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is it of any use for me
to give notice that at the conclusion of this
bill I shall endeavor once more to get up the
joint resolution for the publication of the
congressional debates? I desire to say that
the Committee on Printing have no possible
interest in this matter that every other Sen-
