187:1
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
the amount of $87,686. I now ask that the
bill be read by sections.
The Clerk read as follows :
For ministers resident at Portugal, Switzerland,
Greece, Belgimu. Netherlands, Denmark, Sweden
and Norway. Turkey, Ecuador, Colombia. Bolivia,
Veneiuela. Hawaiian islands, and the Argentine
Republic. at $7,500 each, $105,000.
For minister resident accredited to Guatemala,
Costa Rica. Honduras, Salvador, and Nicaragua, to
reside at the place that the President may select in
any one of the States named, as by act making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic ser-
vice, approved May il. 1S72, $7,500.
For additional compensation, to be allowed at the
rate of fifty per cent, of the amount allowed for
each of the four superadded offices, as by the terms
of section nine of the act of August 18, 1856, regulat-
ing consular and diplomatic service, 815,000.
Mr. SWANN. The House will recollect
that last year a proposition was made by the
honorable gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] to abate four of these missions, and
to empower the President of the United States
to designate a minister to take charge of the
missions so abated. It will be recollected,
also, that opposition was made to this action
by the Committee on Appropriations. It was
thought imprudent at that time, without more
detailed information from the State Depart-
ment in regard to the operation of the amend-
ment to strike down these missions by so
hasty a proceeding and upon so short a notice.
Members of the House were perhaps not aware
at the time of the existence of an old law by
which the salary of the minister taking charge
of these missions would be increased fifty per
cent, on each mission so consolidated. The
operation of that law has been to make the
salary of the minister accredited by President
Grant to take charge of these four abated
missions more than the salary of the mis-
sion to Great Britain, or any other mission
connected with the diplomatic service of the
Government. It would make the salary of the
minister thus designated upward of $22,500.
Representing the views of the Committee
on Appropriations, I protested at the time
against the adoption ot that proposition, be-
cause I considered it imprudent in this way
to make so important a change in our diplo-
matic service in direct opposition to the unan-
imous vote of the Committee on Appropri-
ations, who had well considered the subject
and foresaw the complications tp which it
would lead. "
I respectfully suggested, Mr. Chairman, that
more time ought to be allowed to examine into
this important subject of changing the exist-
ing system by the abatement of these four
missions, which were in many respects import-
ant to the Government and the policy which
we had heretofore acted on. I did think we
ought not to have dealt in this summary man-
ner with a matter duly considered and reported
on by the Committee on Appropriations after
full conference with the State Department.
But the action on this subject satisfied me
that there was a majority in favor of the prop-
osition submitted by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Brooks,] and in the present bill
the committee acquiesced in the action of this
House, and deferred to its judgment in the
abatement of these missions until further action
could be taken, the law having not yet gone
into effect. Under the existence of this old
law, seeing the complication into which it would
throw us, I deemed it necessary, with the assent
of the committee, to prepare an amendment to
the bill after it had been reported, placing
these missions in the precise relation in which
they stood before, until the Government and
those who had control of this matter had an
opportunity to examine into this whole subject,
and then whatever action they might take on
the subject after due deliberation would be
acted on hereafter when the effect of this
amendment was better understood than it is
now.
It will be remembered that I objected to the
amendment submitted by the honorable gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] for
reasons stated to the House at the time. I
objected to it in the committee of conference
which subsequently took place on the subject.
I thought the settled policy of the Government
would be thrown into confusion ; that in the
summary abatement of these missions we
should be subjected to a great deal of unneces
sary embarrassment; and I contended for
retaining them in the position in which they
had always stood and in which they stand now
(for no action has been taken under the law)
until the State Department had an opportun-
ity to make a recommendation on the subject
which would prevent the embarrassment re-
sulting from the passage of that amendment.
Now, sir, I will state, as I stated on a former
occasion, these missions were in some respects
importaut to us, important to the Government,
if we stood or meant to stand on the Monroe
doctrine and are opposed to any interference
on the part of foreign nations with these re-
publican Governments of South America. I
thought it was important at this time on ac-
count of the interest we felt in these South
American republics we should be a little
more deliberate and a little more cautious in
our action.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's five
minutes have expired.
Mr. SWANN. I hope I shall be permitted
to conclude my statement.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears no
objection, and the gentleman will continue
his remarks.
Mr. SWANN. I wish to show briefly to the
House the position in which they have been
placed by the passage of the amendment of-
; fered by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] by the existence of a law which, I
presume, was not very familiar at the time. I
have no desire to oppose the abatement of any
of these missions if it be the pleasure of the
House, and all that I wish to know is whether
they adhere to the proposed amendment in the
changed aspect which I have presented. I say
there are large interests represented in these
Governments; interests which this Govern-
ment must look to, interests important to the
great republican principles on which we stand
here; for there is interference every day on
. the part of foreign nations to alienate these
republics from the relations in which they now
stand to the Government of the United States.
I am for preserving those relations. I am for
keeping those people in amity with the United
States. The whole purpose of the amendment
' of the gentleman from New York, agreed to by
; the House, is to make a saving of some 815,000
I to the Government. Now I do say that $15,000
would be spent judiciously in the protection of
American interests now represented in these
republics; and I therefore did hope I should
be able to satisfy the House of the complica-
tion into which we would be led by the passage
of that amendment. I reiterate what I said
on that occasion when I objected to the action
of the House and in the conference committee
which concurred in that action. It seemed to
be forgotten at that time we increased the sal-
ary fifty per cent, of the minister accredited by
General Grant to take charge of these repub-
lics ; not only to take charge of the duties of
his own mission, but the duties of these other
missions, which were superadded under the
action of the House by the appointment of the
President. His salary was increased fifty per
cent, under an old law which existed at that
time, of which I think I gave due warning to
the House in a general way.
Now, sir, the operation of this law is to
place this minister accredited to these repub-
lics in a position where he receives a salary
of $22,500. I have considered it my duty to
explain to the House the operation and effcct
of this measure, and therefore it is that I
ask the House, as I do now in the amend-
ment which I propose to submit on this sub-
ject, to go back to the old system until there
is time for a reorganization and until we can
do advisedly what has been ordered by the
action of this House, in order that it may not
lead to complication in our diplomatic affairs.
I look upon this, sir, as a matter of great
importance. I am free to say that I am for
maintaining the ascendency of not only Amer-
ican interests, but of the great American policy
upon which we are standing to day in all these
republics. I am not opposed, sir, to a reduction
of the expenses of our diplomatic representa-
tion. I have advocated that reduction wherever
I thought it could be consistently carried out.
But in this particular case, where the great
interests of the country are imperiled, where
the great principles of American progress and
free institutions are to be neglected, and facili-
ties afforded to the foreigners who congregate
in these republics to give encouragem-ent to
a different plan and principle of government
from that under which we stand, I protest
against it, because such a course of action is
entirely inconsistent with those great princi-
ples announced in the Monroe doctrine, and
which have been followed up to this time.
That I say would be the result of the action
of this House if this bill is permitted to pass
as it has been recommended by the action to
which I have referred. But I am authorized
to say that I have the concurrence of the com-
mittee in offering the amendment which I now
send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out all after page 2, from and including line
seventeen to the bottom of the page, and insert the
following:
For ministers resident at Portugal, Switzerland,
Greece, Belgium, Netherlands, Denmark, Sweden,
and Norway. Turkey, Ecuador, Colombia, Bolivia,
Venezuela, Gautemala, Nicaragua, Hawaiian Isl-
ands, Costa Rica, Honduras, Salvador, and the
Argentine Republic, at $7,500 each, $142,500.
And the proviso in the act of May 2,1872, entitled
"An act making appropriations for the consular and
diplomatic services of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1873. and for other purposes," as
follows: Provided, That on and after June 30,1873,
there shall be but one minister resident accredited
to Gautemala, Costa Rica, Honduras, Salvador, and
Nicaragua, and that the President be authorized to
select a place of residence for the minister in any
one of those States," is hereby repealed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
on the amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman to hear me a moment before he presses
the point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I reserve it in the meantime.
Mr. SARGENT. That amendment was
made in order by a special resolution passed
on Monday under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think not. If it was it
was done without the general knowledge of
the House.
Mr. SARGENT. The resolution was read
to the House and was adopted by a two-thirds
vote. I called attention to it and spoke five
minutes on the question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the gentleman must
be referring to some other matter. I should
like to see the entry in the Journal as to this.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. While the rec-
ord of the Journal is being found I will say
that last winter, on the motion of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] several
of the missions were consolidated. And this
formed a part of the bill as it finally passed.
But it was found that-under an old law the
consolidation of those missions gave the min-
ister who had the consolidated work $22,500
of a salary, one of the largest salaries under
our Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. That can be easily corrected.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We desire to
repeal that and restore the arrangement which
existed until last year.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed
that the rules were suspended on Monday,
January 6, a week ago last Monday.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would like to hear the
record read from the Journal, as this is a very
remarkable thing.
The CHAIRMAN. The Journal will be
sent for.
