648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Mr. SWANN. In the meantime, for the
information of the House, I beg leave to read
the law. Tt is as follows:
"And be it further cnncit'J, That when to any diplo-
matic office held by an}" person there shall be super-
added another, such person shall be allowed addi-
tional compensation for his services in such super-
added office, at the rate of fifty per cent, of the
amount allowed by this act for such superadded
office ; and such superadded office .-hallbe deemed to
continue during the time to which it is limited by
the term> thereof and for such time as shall be
actually and necessarily occupied in making the
transit between the two posts of duty, at the com-
mencement and termination of the period of such
superadded office mi limited, and no longer."
MESSAGE FROM T1IK SENATE.
Here the committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, bv Mr. Sympsox, one of its
clerks, announced that the Senate had passed
without amendment bills of the House of the
following titles:
A bill (H. -R. No. 3350) establishing post
routes in the State of Maine ;
A bill (,H. R. No. 3364) regulating the com-
pensation of the members and officers of the
Legislative Assemblies of the several Terri-
tories of the Uuited States, and limiting the
duration of the sessions of said Assemblies ;
A bill (H. R. No. 3362) transferring the '
control of certain territorial penitentiaries to
the several Territories in which the same are
located; i1
A bill (H. R. No. 3497) authorizing the '
Secretary of War to contract for the construc-
tion of a light-draught snag-boat to ply on the
Mississippi, Missouri, and Arkansas rivers; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1952) to amend an act
entitled "An act to incorporate a national !
military and naval asylum for the relief of the
totally disabled officers and men of the volun-
teer forces of the United States,'' approved
March 21, 1S66, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
with amendments; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House:
A bill (H. R. No. 2763) to provide a build-
ing suited to the use of the custom-house, post
office, the pension and revenue officers, and
the judicial officers of the United States, in
the city of Memphis, Tennessee ;
A bill ( H. R. No. 333) for the relief of Mrs.
M. S. Morse, administratrix and widow of
Isaac E. Morse, deceased ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2333) to aid in maintaining
the fire department in the District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 1916) to authorize the
Washington City and Point Lookout Railroad
Company to extend a railroad into and within j
the District of Columbia ; and I
A bill (H. R. No. 3425) for the relief of H. ;
Clay Elliott, of Henderson, Kentucky. j
The message further annouueed that the 1
Senate had passed, and requested the concur-
rence of the House in, bills of the following ,
titles:
A bill (S. No. 755) for the relief of the for-
mer occupants of the military reservation at
Point San Jose in the city and county of San
Francisco;
A bill (S. No. 784) confirming the title of
Louis Grignon to a certain tract of land at
Green Bay, Wisconsin;.
A bill (S. No, 1170) to grant an American
register to the British ship St. Albans ;
A bill (S. No. 1171) granting an American
register to the Canadian tug Noah P. Sprague
and to the ship Alhambra ;
A. bill (S. No. 1173) granting a pension to
Elvira A. Maxey, and in respect to her minor
children under sixteen years of age ; and
A bill (S. No. 1220) to fix the time for
holding the annual session of the Supreme
Court of the United States.
diplomatic appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. HOLM AN. I was in my seat last Mon-
day and a week ago last Monday, and I should
certainly have objected to any suspension of
the rules for the purpose indicated by the gen-
tleman from California, [Mr. Sargent.] I sug-
gest that by unanimous consent the point of
order be reserved until the record has been
examined in regard to this matter.
The CHAIRMAN. The record has been
found, and the Clerk will read the resolution
adopted on motion of the gentleman from
California.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the rules be so suspended that it
shall be in order, on the consideration of the consu-
lar and diplomatic appropriation bill in Committee
of the Whole, to offer and to consider an amendment
fixing the pay of the United States minister at
Nicaragua, so that the same shall not exceed 610,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is what I thought;
I remember that very well.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will have to
sustain the point of order as to the repealing
clause of the amendment of the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Swann.]
Mr. SARGEN T. If the repealing clause is
not to go in, then the amendment of the
gentleman from Maryland will be of no avail.
I will then offer an amendment that the salary
of the minister at Nicaragua shall be $10,000.
Mr. SWANN. Is the gentleman in posses-
sion of information that satisfies him that the
President of the United States will indicate
that the minister at Nicaragua shall take
charge of affairs in these other South American
republics ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The debate has
been a little more extended than I supposed it
would be. In accordance with the promise
made to the Committee on the Territories, the
hour of quarter past two having arrived, I
move that the committee now rise.
Mr. SARGENT. Then I will reserve the
floor when this committee again sits, so that I
may offer my amendment in proper form. |
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Nib-
lack reported that, pursuant to order of the
House, the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly the
bill (H. R. No. 3258) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic service of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1874, and for other purposes, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
message from tub president.
A message, in writing, from the President
of the United States, was communicated to the
House by Mr. Babcock, his Private Secretary, j
who also infgrmed the House that the Presi- ;
dent had approved and signed the following i
bills:
An act (H. R. No. 1028) to amend an act
entitled "An act relating to members of
Congress, heads of Departments, and other
officers of the Government," approved June
11, 1864 ;
An act (H. R. No. 2774) to prevent certain
officers of the United States and Territories
from practicing as attorneys and solicitors in
the courts of the United States in certain
cases ; and
An act (H. R. No. 3365) to amend section
twelve of an act entitled "An act to authorize
the appointment of shipping commissioners,"
&c., approved June 7, 1872.
oklahoma.
The SPEAKER. The House will now re-
sume the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 2635) for the better j
protection^ of the Indian tribes, and their j
consolidation under a civil government, to
be called the Territory of Oklahoma. Upon
this bill the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
McKee] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. KERR. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me to offer an amendment to section six
of this bill which I think will remove some
objections to this bill.
Mr. McKEE. I will yield to allow the
amendment to be read.
The amendment was read, to insert in sec-
tion six, line sixteen of the printed bill, after
the word "societies," the following:
Said Governor and Legislative Assembly shall have
no power whatsoever to alien, grant, or give away
any of the lands in said Territory, directly or indi-
rectly, by law or otherwise, to any railroad or other
corporation created by aet of Congress or otherwise,
or to any person or persons, for the use and benefit
of any railroad or other corporation.
Mr. KERR. I hope that amendment will be
accepted by the Committee on the Territories.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I am willing
that amendment shall be accepted and become
part of the bill.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done.
The gentleman can permit the amendment to
be pending, and the House can dispose of it.
Mr. McKEE. I feel it my duty as a mem-
ber of the Committee on the Territories, as well
as a member of this House, to protest against
the passage of this Oklahoma bill. And it is
as well in the outset to have an understanding
of what we do desire, not that we will in a fac-
tious way oppose this bill. The policy of this
Government that has heretofore been pur-
sued by the Government, whenever Indians
have been in the way of the advancing tide of
civilization, has been to push them forward a
little way into the wilderness. Five or ten
years later they are pushed forward again.
Thus every five or ten years there is a great
job, a great deal of money is made, the Indiana
are demoralized by promises, and they are
rained by this policy by which they are always
kept moving. Now we ought to say that when-
ever Indians are moved they shall be moved
but once, and that once into the Indian terri-
tory. Let us cease kicking these Indians
before us as a foot-ball. That is the policy I
advocate.
Now, a few words as to some arguments
made yesterday in favor of this bill. The gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Parker] says that
the Indians admit the necessity of a territorial
form of government because, forsooth, they
adopted an inter-tribal government at Octnul-
gee. But, sir, the deduction is the other way,
for of twenty-five tribes but one tribe adopted
it; therefore they do not admit the necessity
of it. But, sir, in the report made by the major-
ity of the Committee on the Territories they
say that the treaty binds us in honor as regards
the lands of the territory. Then, tell me, does
not the treaty also bind us in honor as regards
the tribes in the territory ? Can we be bound
in honor as to the lands, and not as to the
tribes? There can be no dissevering of the
two, so far as honor is concerned ; for the same
treaty that gives them their lands, also guar-
anties their tribal rights.
The gentleman says that these Indians arc
not to be disturbed in their title to lands.
Then what is the use of this bill ? The St.
Louis Board of Trade is here in force with a
strong lobby interest asking that these lands
shall be subdivided in order that they may in-
crease the area of trade. Then, if these lands
are not to be subdivided, what is the use of this
bill? If the Indiahs are always to control
these lands, then Missouri and Arkansas must
always be border States, which is the condition
they complain against.
One word as to the statement that there is
lawlessness in the Indian Territory. The gen-
tleman from Missouri says that the United
States marshal was resisted. That is not so.
Lawless ruffians from Arkansas came into the
Indian territory, and attempted to interfere
with the business of the court. While the
judge was upon the bench, the lawyers stand-
ing round, the jury in session, they marched
in and fired, wounding the judge and killing
one of the jurymen. They were properly re-
sisted by the sheriff. That is all the resistance
there was—a lawful resistance to an attempt
to break up the court in open session.
The gentleman from Missouri says that the
