1012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22s
teiday at the end of line sixty-one of section
one to insert the following proviso:
J'ravitled, That to facilitate letter correspond-
ence and provide greater facilities to the public for
transmission by mail of short communications, the
Postmaster General is hereby authorized to furnish
and issue to the public a stamped letter-sheet en-
velope, which shall be transmitted through the
mails at a postage charge of two cents each, includ-
ing the cost of manufacture; and to meet the ex-
penses of such issue a portion ot said appropriation,
no! e.*: jv'Lilmg j(j7,000, may be used.
M r. SHERMAN. That is to reduce postage
in this country to two cents.
Mr. COLE. No ; it will increase the postage
receipts. 1 will state that it only authorizes
the Postmaster General to provide another
means of communication at an intermediate
late of postage between that of the postal card
and the ordinary form in which the envelope
is used, and it merely authorizes him to pro-
vide such means, if he will, at that rate. A
great many people are of the opinion that the
postal card will not go into general use. There
are certainly many objections to it For my-
self, I am opposed to it; and I should like
that she Postmaster General should have the
discretion to substitute in place of that, for the
pu jiose of getting at the desires of the people
on the subject, a sealed postal card, which can
be furnished at this rate. I think there can
be no objection to it. If the Postmaster
General does not see that it is advisable, of
course he will not adopt it.
Mr. SHERMAN. What committee does
the proposition come from ?
i'he PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is unable to inform the Senator. Perhaps the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
can state.
Mr. COLE. I propose it as an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it does not come from
any committee, and makes a radical change
in the postal law, it is not in order.
Mr. COLE. I do not thmk the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads will dissent
from it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood it came from a committee. If that
is not the case——
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to it under the
rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California states that this amend-
ment is not moved by direction of a standing
committee. The Chair rules it out of order.
Mr. COLE. It does not increase any appro-
priation. If the Senator from Ohio will look
at it he will see that it does not increase any
appropriation.
Mr. RAMSEY. It diverts an appropriation.
Mr. COLE. It may divert a portion of an
appropriation ; but I believe instead of reduc-
ing the receipts it will add much to them, and
if the Postmaster General shall be of that
opinion I think he ought to be allowed to try
this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tbeamend-
ment is in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move, then, that it lie
on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio moves that the amendment lie
on the table.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and there were—ayes 15, noes 13; no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. COLE and Mr. WILSON called for the
yeas and nays ; and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 16; as
follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Chandler, Clayton,
Corbett, Crania. Edmunds, Fonton. Flanagan,
Hamilton of Maryland, Ilitehcock, Kelly. Logan,
Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer, Sprague,
Stewart, Vickers, and Wmdom—-22.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard, Bore-
man, Casst-rly, Cole. Davis. Fcrrv of Michigan,
(Joldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Ilamlin, Lewis,
Jlachi'ii, Stockton, West, and Wilson—1(5.
ABSKXT—Mc-vrs. Biowniow, Buckingham.Cald-
well. Cameron, O.ii pentor, Conklinq. Cooper. Ferry
of Connecticut, Freliiighuysen, Gilbert, Harlan,
Hill, Howe, Johnston, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton. Norwood, Osborn, Patterson,
Pool, Pratt, Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz,
Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Stevenson, Sumner, Thur-
man, Tipton, Trumbull, and Wright—35.
So the amendment was laid on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY. I propose now to amend the
bill after the forty-fou'rth line of the first sec-
lioa on liie third page, by adding:
And for the more efficient organization of the free-
delivery system, the Postmaster General may
appoint a superintendent of free delivery in the
Post Office Department at an annual salary of
$2,500, which shall be paid out of the appropriation
for letter-carriers.
I have here a letter of the Postmaster Gen-
eral favoring the proposition. There are
already about fourteen hundred and fifty letter-
carriers throughout the United States. The
amendment recommended by the Committee
on Appropriations and adopted by the Senate
extending the delivery system to all towns of
above twenty thousand inhabitants will con-
siderably increase that kind of service. The
duties of the clerk who supervises this busi-
ness are very onerous already, and highly
responsible. He carries on correspondence
with regard to this service throughout the
whole united States. When occasions of diffi-
culty occur in regard to it he is sent by the
Department to attend to that particular matter.
He has long been in service. He is an expe-
rienced officer, a respectable gentleman, and
it is thought proper that this position should
be extended to him. He is now but a fourth-
class clerk, receiving §1,800 salary. I hope
the Senate will adopt the amendment.
Mr. COLE. I am not sure but that I know
the person who is occupying this position ;
and if I do, I can concur in all that has been
said in his praise as to his efficiency and
ability : but I do not think the first part of the
amendment, the preamble to it as it were, is
well founded. I think the service is well
enough performed as it is and without creating
this new office. I would ask the Senator if
this amendment comes with the recommenda-
tion of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads?
Mr. RAMSAY. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE If it does, so far as the Com-
mittee on Appropriations are concerned, it
makes no difference. I object to it as new
legislation.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why, Mr. President, the
matter was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. COLE. That is true.
Mr. RAMSEY. And due notice was given
for twenty-four hours, as the rule requires.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is perfectly in order. I
say to the honorable Senator from California
that it does not increase the officefs of the Post
Office Department. It simply takes this one
clerk now in the fourth class and gives him an
increase of $700 salary.
Mr. COLE. 1 think this ought not to be
done on this bill. The proper place for it was
on the bill that passed some time ago relating
to the Executive Departments of the Govern-
ment, where the various officials in the Post
Office Department as well as other officers
were provided for. I think it ought not to
be put upon this bill. It is legislation, and
the addition certainly of a new office in that
Department. It may be conferred upon the
Senator's friend or upon some other man.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 beg the Senator's par-
don. I have no friend for this office.
Mr. COLE. I mean the gentleman referred
to by the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. RAMSEY, It is proposed to continue
in the place the gentleman who has held it for
nearly twenty years.
Mr. COLE. You cannot continue him in a
place that does not exist. This proposes to
create an office. I hope it may not be done
on this bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senate will perceive
the pertinency of this amendment at this time,
as it is an addition to an amendment that has
been adopted by the Senate providing "that
the persons receiving their mail by the free-
delivery system shall provide at their dwell-
ings, offices, or places of business, proper re-
ceptacles for the safe, economical, and speedy
delivery of their mail matter ;" and to this fur-
ther provision, already adopted, "commencing
with the 1st day of July, 1873, letter-carriers
may be employed for the free delivery of mail
matter as frequently as the publie convenience
may require, at every place containing a pop-
ulation of not less than twenty thousand within
the delivery of its post office." It is that which
suggests the propriety of this thing at this tinse,
though it was proper liere'ofore, when you
consider the amount of business in charge of
this one clerk. I ask the Secretary to read
the letter of the Postmaster General which I
send up.
Mr, DAVIS. Do I understand that the
Chair decides this amendment to be in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I should like to ask if
it comes from a committee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was so
stated by the chairman of the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS. Now I should like to know
from the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations if his committee had the propo
sitiou before them, and what action they took
upon it.
Mr. COLE. They.were not in favor of it.
The matter was referred to them.
Mr. DAVIS. They reported against it ?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the letter, the reading of which
was asked by the chairman of the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Post Office Department,
February 20,1873.
Sir : I have the honor to state that the proposed
extension of the free-delivery system to cities of at
least twenty thousand inhabitants will materially
increase the labors and responsibilities of this
branch of the postal service; and I therefore re-
spectfully recommend that provision be made at
the present session for the appointment in this
Department of a superintendent of free delivery at
an annual salary of $2,500, to be paid out of the ap-
propriation for letter-carries.
I suggest the following amendment for insertion at
the close of the proviso in line forty-four, page —, of
the printed bill (H. R. No. 3489) makins appropri-
ations for the service of the Post Office Department
for the year ending June 30,1874, namely: "And for
the more efficient organization of the free-delivery
system the Postmaster General may appoint a super-
intendent of free delivery in the Post Office Depart-
ment at an annual salary of $2,500, which shall be
paid out of the appropriation for letter-carriers.."
I have the honor to be, &c., _ „ 
J. A. J. CItESWELt,
Postmaster General.
Hon. Alexandfr Ramsey, Chairman Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, United States Senate.
Mr. SAWYER. This amendment I under-
stand is decided to be in order.
Mr. RAMSEY'. It was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations yesterday or the day
before.
Mr. SAWYER. I was not aware that it had
been considered by the Committee on Appro-
priations, but I will simply state that the gen-
tleman who is proposed for this place and who
is to have this additional compensation of
S700 is one who has practically the disburse-
ment of $1,800,000 and has the opportunity
any day of getting more than his salary im-
properly. Now, it is a question for the Senate
to decide whether they will insist upon it that
a man who is responsible for the disposition
of such a sum of money as that in accordance
with the law, shall be kept at a salary which
will not support his family in this District. It
is no new office; it is simply an increase of
compensation to one upon whom new duties
are put by this bill.
Mr. WEST. I did not hear the Senator
